for America. Okay, two to three public. Not for America, you idiot. It's of America. Don't miss a minute. The Neil Rogers show this morning at 10 on news talk rate. At 11 bulletins at once, I'm Chuck Meyer news talk radio 610 WIOD. News talk radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers to get a touch and talk. Call 751 WIOD in May. 524 WIOD in Broward. Or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neil Rogers on news talk radio 610 WIOD. The news talk radio 610 WIOD in Broward. On Palm Springs the Palm Beach, she's filled every boat with works that are in the country. And now, get ready home now. Today, this place will be good on the land you're close to me, babe. I am now here. This Sunday, one afternoon only, on her singing blue hair will remember your door. It's a really good place. It's a really good place. I ever fall in love. All day up to noon, in the basement work room, up to the building, I'm completely getting better down this morning. It's a really good place. Let's go get a second walk in. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Oh, yeah, let's wait. I'm in love. Where is it? I'm going to the little prince, sit and book me. You're too young. Lord, make please, Lord. I am crying, I'm crying. The whole night through. I bestow his arms to your mouth. What all early bird, one in Don Cabin, during a living. On night, I'll be with you, to remember. But you probably won't. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. What's it like? What's it like? What's the name of the Lord? Good bye. Okay, it's 10, I was seven at WIOD. Somebody messed with this mic again. Yep. Cheering up. Lord, they just keep messing with these things. And they messed with the settings. Could you hear how tiny that was? Let's turn it around all the way. That's right. How do you like that? Is that good? Yeah, like that. How about this? Anyway, it's just the case of everybody's got nobody can leave their hands to themselves. Okay, you know what they say? Idle hands. Oh, make, what does that single? Devils, the devil's work. Some of the devil's playground. Something. Idle hands. I'll do the rest on. Your grandmother used to say, Idle hands. No, my grandmother didn't use to say that. She used to say, I'm a little bit scared of the change. I'm going to do it. Anyway, take that as a pass. 10 at WIOD. The first call must be a crank because it says, Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Some of the little village in the poor girl, call your little friend. Isn't that cute? Isn't that wonderful? Maybe you could talk to the front wine man that was on with the Hello, the other day. We couldn't understand what he was saying. Well, I was very cute. I have a few things I have to say to you. Yes. First of all, is Robert Clarie over down? Huh? Robert Clarie. You speak baby talk. I'm very sorry that the car's lost. That's okay. We're used to it. Yeah. I know. And if you wish to go before they did, I caught you up and asked you to You would say that song that they wrote. The one that they planned you could call over time with that Help. How did this to your car stand? Uh-huh. And maybe to have it, you'd say it. Now we just got your playing in this matter, fact, before you called. Well, maybe on another day. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. No. Also. Also, I wanted to tell you that I'm going to be here for quite some time when she glad. Hmm. And I'd tell you. Never ever to call, like some other people have done and say, hey, can I hang on the phone for hours and run up to Bill for a... No. But I would like to know who was possible. Maybe once a month, twice a month, I could call on to your unofficial foreign correspondent. Sure, no problem. Is that okay? Yeah. Hi, Bert. How you doing? No, every time you call or you're going to ask for that song, No, we'll have just been coming. No, I don't. No matter when he calls, don't worry about it. Oh, okay. Right here, can you tell? Okay, we'll see how you can call him. I just wanted to let you know I'm staying at a gym for house in 7th and it's 12 to a year to go. Well, that's wonderful. Does anybody know your in-enter is this kind of like the woman that goes to David Letterman's house? Yeah, I know it's saying I snuck in in the middle of the night. Excellent. Well, watch out for the guillotine. That's all I can tell you. Anyway, I miss you already and I love you guys a whole lot. Well, let's not get carried away. I don't have enough. Yeah, that's what I'm worried about. But I just wanted to say that I miss you a lot, but I really am happy to be him because it's extremely peaceful. Well, that's great. That's what we need voice of peace and quiet. Somewhere where Bill Mullin is not. Yeah. Did you hear what I'm saying? So, what the fent has gone to go off? I have to duck every now and then. Yeah. Well, there's nothing like a little duck. Okay. When that's meant to be. And if anybody knows how to do up duck ride, it's so a Frenchman man. If many people have asked me to send messages back from Europe and I have won for a very special friend. I love him very much, but I'm writing how is you know you are and the fact of the dish. Okay. Say goodbye. Our bill is going nuts here. Where you get out of here. Okay. Are we there? I think it's 11 after 10. And a happy birthday to my dog, tiny today. We've come listening to him. He's been very crushed if I would have known him as a year old day. She is. Is there anything wrong with you? Is she my little puppy dog? A happy birthday? No. That's right. The way my mother doesn't live in Helendale. She lives in Hollywood. Okay. I don't want to mention the subhuman slime ball. I keep saying on the year that my mommy lives in Helendale. She lives in Hollywood. She wouldn't be caught dead in Helendale. Except when she's visiting my aunt who lives in Helendale, who can afford to live in better places altogether. But for some bizarre reason is living in Helendale. I'd be embarrassed to have that much money in live in Helendale. It's 12 minutes after 10 at WIOD. We want to welcome you vet Mulligan, don't we? Do we? We don't know who she is. Well, she was the young lady of a dent tree who was sitting in there last couple of days, which is refreshing because it's nice to have somebody sitting in there who's not in there badmouthing the show or badmouthing somebody in here. We have an engineer downstairs who lately is new occupations sitting in there during the show and we don't ever want him in there again. Anyway, if we welcome you, she's the programming assistant and she's going to be joining us this coming Monday. And it says she will provide administrative assistance to the program director and program departments. And God only knows they need all the help. Yes. A radio experience includes work at WMBM, Miami and WRBD for Loderdale. And she's really going to be effective when we hire her new assistant, the following day. Problem at Chapter 10 at WIOD, Papadoharnas is now into its first racing week of the season with great harness racing each Wednesday through Saturday night this month. And if you're looking for a great night of entertainment and a great deal, then make your plans for this Friday night. The Marnighted Papadoharnas is lucky Friday to 13th night with 50 cent general admission, 50 cent hot dogs, 50 cent soft drinks and 50 cent beer all night long that's 50 cent night tomorrow night. And with the certified vacations, breeder's crown eliminations, now just a week away. You'll want to make your plans to be part of the greatest event in harness racing ever. A total of eight championships will be contested with more than three and a half million dollars in versus I know I'm bringing my purse that night. It's the certified vacations breeder's crown eliminations, now Spryde and Saturday night. And of course the championship finals on October 27th, the week from next Friday. So get your tickets today, Papadoharnas right off the Atlantic full of our decks at a V95 and just minutes off the Papadohaks of the Florida turnpike. Don't forget to Marnight 50 cent night, general admission, hot dog soft drinks beer, only 50 cents with post time 730 tomorrow at Papadoharnas. Well that's great. I'm just outside of Boone right now up here on vacation. Yeah, Pat or Debbie. Uh, neither. I actually the guy from Fayan, though. Boone in the box, yeah. Exactly. Um, yeah, I tried calling you last week. I was a little outside of Atlanta. Your day to Tom Jickle was maybe a shooter shocker. That morning. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Well anyway, we got like 15 people listening to the show. What? Um, when I was sitting on the whole, We don't want people listening to the show in North and South Carolina. We don't want those red necks, uh, stupid in on the show. Oh, no, this was, this was all the way over, uh, Georgia. So, uh, Georgia. Oh, and Georgia, that's a lot better. I don't have to different brand of it. That's safe, yeah. I actually ran here. I'm shocked. It's not the, uh, the yahu redneck types you imagine. Hmm. Exactly. See more Florida tags right out here than I do. Well, that says all I need to know. Yeah. Well, better not you bad. Hmm. Anyway, I'm, I'm curious that I want to be in a dark car for a still to hear her. I'm, I don't discuss him. And I've made up my mind. I listened last night at a figure. Maybe I've been unfair. And I was in the car. And I turned it on. I gave him close to an hour. And I'm going to tell you something. I'm not going to waste my time discussing him anymore. He's the lowest form of slime ball. He didn't even be able. It shouldn't be allowed in the building. So I'm not going to get into it. Well, I, I, I, so my, I agree with you totally. And it's show is unlicinable. Um, but anyway. Okay. Well, I just really wanted to check and see how things were going. I'll make a short and sweet. Please. And I'll be listening to you next week when I get to do it. Okay. Have a great trip. Okay. Bye. And don't ever call this show again. It's 1018 at WID. Remember yesterday was the headlines that we're all screwed up. Look at Broward now. Nothing. I mean, we haven't really asked for calls yet. But it is, it is fascinating to see how this town works so well together. Isn't it? Anyway, speaking of being in a car, I'm listening to the last night and I punched up. Oh, now the first, let me give you a little history. Since WFTL went talk. Okay. I punched it up one. What the hell was it? Oh, I know it was a couple of weeks ago. And Mike Roberts has filed the program director's father had passed away. He was out for several days. Mm-hmm. And Norm Kent was supposed to be filling in. And Craig Warding was still on. By the way, got a nice letter from Craig to an ad. Thank him for that. Craig is a great guy. Unfortunately, he's at FDL. Big meetings. So early sochen wasn't there. And she's, and I, listening and she's just dying. She's talking about everything she's reading out of the paper. And I can't blame her because she does not have talk shows. And she kept saying, well, I thought she was saying was, Well, I be babbling. I'd be babbling. And I thought, what kind of a thing is that to say? And I think it was a thing that was going to be babbling. Is that some kind of an ethnic thing or what, what is she talking about? I'd be babbling. And then when Ernie finally came in and he sat down and they turned on the second mic. It was all broken up and distorted. And oh, seriously, it sounded like something that they found in a backyard at radio Shex that they thrown out. It couldn't be repaired. It was embarrassing. And he called her IV. And I realized that was her name was IV. And she kept saying, IV babbling. And if you want to call it in Babel with me in Kilsom time. And I kept thinking she was saying, I'd be babbling. And I thought, she's the techiest thing I've ever heard in my life. But anyway, she was on. I couldn't shut it off because I kept waiting to see if he would ever show up. IV babbling was here yesterday. What? Look at her job. What is that man? I missed her. It says that is her. A.K. No, not IV. She called IV? IV. What do I mean? That's her A.K.A. IV? No, he called her IV. What do you mean IV babbling? That's a name? Pretty good talk. When the fondled her, it says, I, oh. Now, that's not the girl I was sitting over here. No, is that, was that IV? That was sitting in here? Oh, he doesn't know. Well, that's because that's his replacement. Anyway, just a joke, Nick. Sure. IV babbling is a name. What kind of a name is that? IV babbling. Alius. Alius. IV babbling. It's an alius. Pretty good talk. You see? I like that name. That is something else. We got to get to the bottom of that. All right. 21 past 10. And of course, with the vast audience that they have at WS, they're no question. And then Ernie was going on about to the P person. I guess that's Paul Lyle. They're the hate each other. And he wouldn't shake his hand. They have his meeting. And I think that's really unfortunate when you're working in a station. When you can't, when all the people on your can't get along like one big happy family. Like we do here at Wild. Just wait to hear how many promos you hear for the A to 11 show on the show, by the way. So, I'm just leaving it out. Like it doesn't exist. Because as they told me in that meeting, the less said the better. And after having listened for a few days and gotten kind of the feel of the ambiance for the whole, I think that's probably correct. Okay, 22 after 10 at Wild, we're going to do a little break here. We'll be right back. What was he doing? Is it bringing any bell to you? It all. Well, it says real man listened to the Red Hot Chili peppers. So, I guess that's how this will be your time to go. I've never heard this before in my life. No. I hear ground. Great. Are they playing this with GTR? Well, they better start. Keep on going. Why do you think it's a few? Okay, there it is. Red Hot Ground Chili peppers from their L.P. Mother's Milk. 26 after 10 at Wild. Who did you find on the yesterday? You found all the Annemaria Tomachek. Can I say that on the air? No. Yeah, it was cool. You found all the wrong. Oh, it's a little feel of what you're trying to say. Yeah, it was cool. Well, there's nothing wrong with that. Oh, good. All depending on who it is, I guess. Okay, Steve has opened phones today. Sunny and Joe from Tony Rome is in South Miami on Sports Talk at 605 tonight. And after that, we have no information. Oh. You're right. It's just blank. Oh, and then I take it back. It's three times. I guess I'm fascinated. It won't last. It's all. The fascination is over. But I did punch up FTI yesterday after you know what was Steve doing? It was something terminal. And I punched up Mike Roberts was on and he had a 400 year old woman call in. And then about 10 minutes later, he played me true to your school, which I just almost fell on the floor in the car. Oh. But anyway, this woman was saying, Oh, my pleasure. He's so cheerful. And what are you doing? He's so bad. Oh, God. He's so sensible. If he was in 400 years old man, she wasn't a day. I'm serious. And that's the FTI crowdboy. They are really doing it. They are doing it. And the thing I like is they really have a professional sound too. They are the best. So anyway, 28 past 10 at WIOD. There's one line in the middle there in Brower that's not lit yet. When we get it lit up then all, then I'll feel that we're ready to start taking some calls. Hot and heavy. Seriously, okay. We'll wait. Oh, I know what else I was going to do. I were waiting for that other Brower line to light up. We will wait, too. Believe me, if I have to sit here in the two hours a day or all the way, that's how I feel. I'm not putting up with your crap. I mean, this could be the microbord show just so anyway, I'm coming to work today. And you'll never guess what I saw on 79 street just a few blocks. Just we could walk to there and not work up a sweat. One of my favorite places in history. And I'm trying to think of it can flitz in any way with anybody we have on the ear and it doesn't. Taco Bell. Taco Bell. Doesn't remark in no emotion whatsoever. He doesn't care about it. But that's just one of my favorite. I love Taco Bell. I just love Taco Bell and there's one right up the street now. It's two blocks up there. Just brand new. It is open. And I was thinking maybe somebody would bring us food from Taco Bell today. I like burrito supring with no beans today. I love. Well, I know we've got that Australian stuff coming, but this first, you know, I'm sure Taco Bell opens 10 30 or 11. That other stuff's coming much later. It is. Yes. Okay. Hey, I don't know if I'm going to like that other stuff. I'll sample it. And I don't want to get Mullen crazy again, but he really frosted my asses today with that. Told Dealy set up that he just does it over and over and over again. There just no talking to this man. He just keeps doing these little deals and he's kind of like the Alley North of W.I.O.D. He's got his own little government within a government. Although like Olley North, he's probably getting his directions from, you know what I'm saying? So we'll have to check that out. But anyway, there's that Taco Bell and I see even riches. What up, like a. What are you probably, you bad. Yeah, it's, I'm telling you, it's right up the street. It's just on the other side of the causeway. Yeah, rich omega. It's a closer even than a florist, much closer. It's so you could practically throw all rock from here to there. So I like a burrito supring with no beans and a couple of tacos. And then they have I can't think of it. No, listen to me, this is important. This is not something to laugh about. They have a little thing. And I can't think of what they call it. Is it a pizza melt of pizza? What the hell do they call those little things? It's like a fold over thing and it's got cheese and sauce in it. And those are delicious. They're small. What the hell do they call those? No, not a case of the. What the hell do they call those? No, it's got it's like a, they're all named for it. And I can't think of what they call them. It's driving me nuts because I'm a regular. I mean, I don't go to fast food places very often anymore. But what I do if there's a taco bell around, I can't, I can't drive by. That's how I did that I am to Taco Bell. I love it. And I just can't think of the name of that. And it's really does Laura know. You go to Taco Bell. What's the name of those little pizza things? They're little folded over things and they've got like sauce and the cheese inside. What do they call them? Maximale. See, there we get somebody who knows something about food in here for once. And we get a good answer. Thank you, Laura. Thank God for her. Maximale. You never had one of those? Oh, those are good, too. So I'm just giving you a sampling of what I'd like four or five of each. But the breedos are premium. No beans. I don't like beans on anything. Okay. Because beans create serious. Especially when you're doing a radio show with all the guests that we have. Okay, it's 1031 at WIOD. We have a, oh, not do I dare put this on the year. Are you going to talk about the unmentionedable? Can I? Well, I guess, but I'm not, I don't want to get into it a whole thing again today. Real brief. Last night at 1030, I was calling him. Calling him. Charlie now. He thought that you were better than Dick. And he finally asked him, do you listen to Neil? And he said, I stir him a nearly. Yeah. We don't want him. Turn it off now, Dick. We don't want you. I got a question. We're doing just great without him. If I want to listen to your shows and Neil and he's going to show the Dicky. Yeah. Dick is the operative word, sir. In and out. Or less. Trust me. Bye, dear. Bye. Goodbye. Tommy. It's 1032. Did the book come in? Does anybody know? Anything in this building? Oh, yeah. That must be what's in this big envelope over here. That must be the arbitron. Wow. Let's open it up before Disney gets back and has a hemorrhage. Is it in? What somebody find out for us if it came in? Because I want it now. I mean, it's got to be here today. It's Thursday. The numbers came out when? Friday? Hmm? Thursday. It's almost a week later. It never takes a week for the book to come in, doesn't it? I don't know. No. You don't know how many times have we been through this before? I forget. Oh, brother. Yeah. Rich is going out to check the lay of the land. Fat Rich just pulled himself up out of that chair, which was quite an accomplishment, by the way. It's 1033 at the time. The one you I owed to. Hmm. That was. Did you see what I mean? Hmm. I feel bad. I mean, it's almost like you need to crane. And he's lost a lot of weight. He's kept it off. Well, we got the book. Even though boy Gary thinks he's not in debt. Gary just look out the window. Okay, it's a beautiful view from your window. The little tiny boats on the water. The blue skies. The little birdies out there are chirping. Isn't it cute? Anyway, when you hear the hour by hour is you're just going to, I think you're going to have a radio accident. I may have to be excuse. Yes. Okay. At 5 a.m. W-I-O-D. Micronere has a 9.6 chair in the 5 to 6 hour. In the 6 o'clock hour is 7 and 1. In the 7 o'clock hour is 6. In the 8 o'clock hour is 4, 7. And then that 9 to 10 hour. The big 9 to 37. Ooh. At 10 o'clock we have a 7 9. Hmm. Hmm. At 11 o'clock is 7 9. This is 12 plus. Then a 7 2 is 7 3. And a 2 o'clock is 4 6. Then a 4 1 or 4 1 or 4 2. Sports talk is 4 0 and a 4 0. What was on at night? Baseball mostly. 4 2 3 8 3 8 5 7 and 11. Of course, we all know who that is. I'm not getting in the car outside. I wouldn't dignify him. And at midnight is 6 7. So right across the board there. We've got only the only marginal hours. 9 to 10 p.m. Which is probably when John Sterling was doing again. And 10 to 11. And of course, the big 9 to 10 hour in the morning. I think Henry's cooking report is what probably. What's that one under the bottom? I was going to say over the top. It might does great. All the other places there. But the 9 to 10 hour is like his Achilles heel in this particular book. So it's not like he lost a bunch of audience here. It's just that that one hour really. Just. Or could it be Rogers Entertainment report? I wouldn't want to hear Rogers being in. Could be love. Rogers is a great guy. But you never know. You never know. All right. Let's. Oh, this is going to be exciting. And all you people who run whole look at that. A couple of them hung up already because they know me. They know we're going to get into a big. Is this mobile collar still on? Yes, of course. Well, I'm sorry to keep you waiting. If I would have seen that, I would have gotten to you three minutes earlier. Well, I took eight because I won $4.50 on the fantasy five the other days. So I take four. And okay. Well, listen. But do give your best shot. I just wanted to congratulate you on your numbers. I knew you were going to get your book while I was on hold. Isn't this exciting? That's something. See, I mean, when the. When the advances come out, that's nice. But when the whole book comes out, you can kill hours with this if you're really play your cards right. I'll throw it with you. I drive a cab. I'm unloading groceries here. Some. Oh, yeah, I figure. I just want to do. Congratulations again. And wish good luck to the top and this week. Because we're getting Cincinnati. Yeah, we could use it. I think they got a good shot this week. I think Cincinnati is a little marginal to be honest with him. I agree. And I think boomers a little. A bomber this week. Yeah, he's overrated. He bugs the hell out of me. It's really the only way they win is that. I read often. That's the only way they can win. But anyway, have a good day. Thank you. Take care. Bye. What a nice guy. 20 to 11 at WID. Let's look at Carter there in the morning. If 5 a.m. a.m. a.m. a.m. And then a point six, then a one at seven, a point eight and a point six. We may not sound like much, but after we goes off, QAN has a point three. Mm-hmm. And so he's got the highest numbers in the day time hours. And then a six p.m. Who's on at six? 1 a.m. 7 a.m. Now. What? Isn't it so now? They got a point eight at five a one, three at six. And then Kappen's got a two, a three, a three, two, a two, and a one and a one one. not anywhere near our sports talk of course except the nights when Hank is on when it does there's an asterisk and when Hank is on nobody. Now just a joke Hank you are my best friend even though you're a trouble maker and a compulsive but pain in the ass. What else is he I don't know what to look for at this point I'm so excited you know should we look at many 18 to 34 because that would be embarrassing wouldn't it? Huh? Compared to some people yeah comparing contrast. Speaking of embarrassing ladies and gentlemen here he is we have the book stand. By the way I forgot to bring you that I forgot to bring you that thing I've got no word is in the house I thought it was here but it's in my house so you get that tape. Don't ever gonna be able to put that together anyway you're dreaming. What's that little scratch on your corvette? Yeah very funny. Let me see now here's many 18 to 34 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. W. G. T. R. with a nine five and we have an 116. Well we already knew that but it just looks so much better on a separate thing. Oh she's it looks just incredible. Well we can do get into the demographics can't wait. I wonder how Steve did with those younger demographics again. I did. I'm not coming on. Be nice. Give me a chance. Many 18 to 34 at 2 a 1 o'clock we have 14,400 and Steve loses and even half that's a nice even number 7300. Women 18 to 34 we have 2200 Steve has 400 that means he loses 18 out of 22 that's 9 11 that's a lot. Yeah it loses almost everybody there. So Steve at 2 o'clock I don't know what happens there but look at this women 18 to 49 we have 4900 he's got 1400. Men 25 to 54 we have 25,700 he has 14,000 later but I will say this the 14,800 is the next biggest hour to anybody outside this show. Very. Although by the five o'clock I already got a 9700. Well we don't want to take on Steve because like I said yesterday consider the alternative you know who it would be there's no doubt in my mind trust me when I tell you and somebody going to a proper weller on with Burke. No I did not. I work with Alan Burke. I do. I do. And I know you worked with Alan Burke and he wouldn't even give your name on the air because my ratings were higher. Well I don't discuss ratings in the three eyedest cause issues. Jerry Ethric issues. Tommy. Anyway. By the way Michael. Michael's still in the building. I work on that Henry's cooking report I think is what did it to you guys because every hour they're hours fine but that nine to ten hour is like a bomb it's just a well Roger of course is standing there too so I don't want to say anything while he's there but Henry's cooking report I think is what does it. I think too much lining and dining mostly to whining is that nine o'clock hour. That could have some effect but anyway it's amazing to see how Steve loses half the audience here at two o'clock. Anyway it's 1043. Why were you in your car so long last time? I was out in about well I actually I had to go pick up Dave because he locked the keys in the car and I was driving around because I couldn't find he was at some insurance place on sunrise and I couldn't find it so I spent a lot of time that I didn't plan on spending in a car. In Bikki Ferro kept you company in a car. You mentioned that name. Oh you dummy. So how do we want to see in the book? Is there anything how about Zeta? Boy this ought to be exciting. Pete Bolder called me the other day. Do you think it's only an accident that they finally had some good numbers? No because after no no and he after a year he called me at home. Oh you think if they had a bad book he would have called me? They were playing exceptionally good music about an hour ago. Well that's the first. Well let's see these are 12 plus Zeta 21 at six o'clock 25 23 2725 to 65 who's seven to seven to four to eight to four to Zick. It sounds like basically the same bunch of people listening all day I could be wrong but it's still on son at exciting to me although if we will we're in look at WGTR. Well they are consistent. Yeah I've noticed that. Oh boy GTR look at this it's six in the morning. How many of them make bean have a one nine? No. No. Did you hear what I said? What demo is that? 12 plus. Well I realize that that's not the bad way. But no that's not the point. The point is that that's a very minute number for any other thing. Oh here's a factory stand from rich part me for being a chronic junior Paul Harvey's. Last night my piece in quiet was shattered when the phone rang. A voice on the other end started singing the classic Smokey Robinson composition my girl. It wasn't the temptations or even David Ruffin and the lyrics were the J-Michael's rewrite stand major. Uh huh. When I got over the shock I realized it was my brother Steve who was warbling away when he finished. He told me the big news about stands returned the airwaves. I was astonished since you recently predicted the impossibility of this but happy anyway. Since Stan hasn't had a show literally and figuratively for a long time we came up with some possible themes for his first few show. Oh great. Favorite South Florida restaurants. Favorite episodes of by my voice. Don Johnson's here. Don Johnson's kids name. The good baby name if Stan Laurie have another one. So I hired him. I'm going to put my own in there. So I hired him if they do. Junior day with Paul Harvey, Junior, E.J. and D.J. guest starring in a different for possible side kicks. Local female news reporters. The negligee and swimsuit show. And the best malls in South Florida to cruise for Twinkie. That's where you put that in your memoirs along with those slitters that you were sending to. Okay. It's 1146 at WID stand will be on on Saturdays. Now no more tape, no more best of neals. So those of you who want to hear this show, you better get your act together. Get your priorities straightened out. No more cheap freebies with those. I want to miss the dead air on crappy tapes. Those dual put together crappy tapes on Saturday. Okay. No more that crap. I almost called it what it really was. What Henry said in here. The other. Maybe it's wise on vacation now. So what is it that we want to see? average quarter hours. We have at the 10 o'clock 58,850, 59,400 next hour. So let's say the good stuff for the 11 o'clock hour because just by a hair that's the biggest hour. Okay. I don't know what else I want to see in here. I'm a little bit disappointed. When's an afternoon drive? Well, here's an asterisk. One point six at two a one eight followed by a one seven and a two four and then at the big six o'clock hour one nine. Who are consistent? Yeah. They're right in there boy. And that's 12 plus. Now if you get to the like 25 to 54, my favorite. For the damn. See I was 25. I wish all these others were in shares hour by hour. That would make it a lot easier. They give you the total numbers, but they don't give you the share hour by hour. But it still would be fascinating. You see here like men 25 to 54 WI and Z afternoon drive. Oh, they have a share. Yeah, but not the hour by hour. One five. I want average quarter hour 2400 men three to seven. I wasn't in all news station supposed to be predominantly men. And midday of course they got a big number in their 0.7. 1400 25 to 54 men in midday on WI and Z. I think this calls for a special card. It's incredible. Don't you. Well, a little salute. I used to be number one in that demographic. Yes, you did stand. But they can you're at. Because they don't want all your problems. Kick it out with 50,000 watts of power all over South Florida from the keys to the palm beaches. Even out to the Bahamas. This is WI and Z. Thank you, Dave. Great. Well, now did you get your highest numbers ever in this book? No. We did not. We had a 73 in a spring book here. But then we got that awful hit in June and don't forget there was a lot of vacations stuff going on here too. You're never going to get the highest number in there. We had the Alex Bedof back to the late appoint. So I'm predicting the fall book. The based on this tremendous response that we're getting now. We could go right over the hump so to speak. But no, but I think Glenn Swimshrew. About 18 to 32. We've had, I think that's the biggest we ever had on AM. With that 116 18 to 34 now in Zeta last summer we had a 15 in many 18 to 34. And then in our last book over there. Remember we beat her minimum queen in the morning 18 to 34 and they were really upset about it. And now they're even more upset because now we're here on AM in midday and even though we're not on the same time as they are we're beating who's on him at the. Siddeth will teach him the mess around with Steve Stanton. That's what they get out of there. Is that walling? That walling. Yeah. What did you mean him? Oh boy. I think he and Moonman came around from under the same rock. It's 10 till noon and 10 till one. 10 till two. Well, why does Wuggit out of here, I guess. See how we move this thing along major. This show. Want to tell you about locked haveron at it. That's why I get a little tongue tied. Even Stan and Laurie have had some free meals at locked haveron at it. And they enjoyed it more than they can begin to tell you. One of the very finest Italian restaurants anywhere even in Italy. I used to do that in Italy. Well, better than some of them in Italy. I'll tell you that and they've got excellent food in Italy. But to lock haveron at it just makes it phenomenal. In fact, the colders also just love. Lots haveron at it. You know how picky they are. They're so hard to please. It's almost it's not even worth the effort. But they're just in love with locked haveron. I didn't you will be too. Everything is put fresh on the premises. The soups are so thick. You can eat them with your hands, not just with the fork. And the best men are thrown and pasta phasorol at you ever had great pasta dishes that Angel hair pots is sensational. And baby cow, their meal is the best in the world. And the seafood and poultry. It just is as good as it gets. And then the dessert tray. By the time they bring it to Zerd, you don't think you're going to be able to eat it because they give you so much food. But give it your best shot because their desserts are also phenomenal. Lot's haveron at it. Here's the number for reservation. 722-1831. And I urge you to do make reservations because it's a small intimate restaurant. They don't have a billion tables. So you don't want to be disappointed. Lot's haveron at it. There is only one. They're at 84.55 West McNabro just north of commercial Boulevard just a couple of blocks east of Pine Island. You tell Carolyn and all our good friends chef Ramano the Nero. You sent your wife for the best in Italian food. Lot's haveron at it. The birds are lier. The birds are lier. Fat rich said that the birds are lier. 1054. I just thought we'd play that to the recindulal memories because we haven't heard that in a long time. Here's a call. Oh, did that disappear? The call for stand? You already lie. You were all awake. Now did that guy ever call when back about that hot 105 thing? Remember he was going to call every like every week and it was going to be an ongoing sofa for a thing? What a guy. Hot 105. Was it our word 1994? Running 84. Yeah. Did he ever call about what? Oh, they were trying to with all the accusations and uh yeah. Don't you remember that? I don't know how he forgot about it. He was just a static. Don't you remember about what? I don't remember either. The guy that's called vaguely familiar to me. Guy called what did he want? Somebody from hot from love called or something like 105. Hot 94 and they wanted they were going to tell the whole truth about Glenn and oh. No and as far as under that story has never been real liar. That story has never been told. Someday we'll tell that story and what happened. I don't want to get into that. Now let's look at WFTO and see the gigantic pickup that they made. I heard the microverchister by yesterday by Halibond about the fact that um at a right that they didn't start to hold July with the new format. But you think there will be something here. Look at this. You said it's going to take a least a year to turn it around. Now I've taken continue with these numbers for least a year. They're going to be a parking lot. Listen to the numbers. Our by hour WFTO 5AM 0. They don't That a point three point three point four point five point four point three point four point three point four point three point four point three Then starting at 5PM point one point one point one zero point one zero point one point one Well plus Now when you get into some of the younger demographics of course it's almost all zero Sounds like Zeta's numbers before you will build over there, remember? Hmm What a disgusting thing to say Can you imagine their numbers or what say what's the ambition getting on snooze? Oh, yeah, let's look at WOLD. I forgot all about them. It's so easy to do that because they got that Good song or new Let's see it at big five or clock hour five to out of four clock they have a three five It five when the news comes on down to a three three and by six they're down to a two two But then in the alert. Let's see nine p.m. which is as a three four Then a six three a nine two and a ten seven So most of his audience most of his old drunks are still So I'm serious that's basically what was scratchy voice told broads I He has a half hour news oh yeah, well a big 11 o'clock. I got a nine two in there Thanks to a and and twice Yeah, well, let's see what was Alice doing the morning here The six or one three one two five two seven But Debbie was the shocker with a four two three nine three seven On out the three seven is Sandy three nine four o three five but does it But as you look at the demos like in any of the younger demographics it's almost non-existent so 65 plus Almost all of it But that's a rough break now. Let's see did we go over Steve here did we rough him up a little bit actually he's I think he improved a little bit Denise got all in the forks He didn't have anything Four six four one four one and four two. What does that come up? I know this doesn't interest anybody knew it. It's but let's figure it out for the four hours Yeah, I don't know Number's with decimal point And 17 divided by the up base is four three is what it averages out for the four hours. It's not the wrong with that Now should we ever jar four hours? Yeah, since we want to beat ourselves on the chest You tell that how great we are and how we put it to five 14 23 9 16 23 30 divided by four is seven Point six seven six and Some bad it's good Considering the Alex Bennett fact And this whim suit yeah, oh I forgot about that was that in there too sure oh that's good for leased another point We might have had a panic wasn't for that spoon All right that's it for this hour who's doing the news to the gale Chuck chuck chucked chucked my her is gracing us with his presence today. I'll be down I heard Chuck had a rough morning he fell down the stairs He stuck his thing in a cup of coffee and he just oh he had a brutal morning all morning this morning But he's making a quick recovery because he heard that free food is on the way So Chuck fire's got the 11 o'clock news that will come back at 1105 Steve has opened phones this afternoon from to the six Hurricane hotline with sunny and Joe from Tony Rome is at 605 and that's as far as our Our as our promo sheet goes so we have no further information Ha They did 12 bulletins at once. I'm Chuck Meyer and you stock radio 16 w i o d New stock radio 610 w i o d presents Neil Rogers to get a touch in talk call 751 w i o d in days 524 w i o d and broder or 655 and 278 w i o d in the palm beaches other areas may call collect the opinions expressed by the host guest or callers I'm not necessarily those of the station now here's Neil Rogers on news stock radio 610 w i o d Well, I like that. I like those real quick little things in there don't you like a quick little thing It's 1106 to w i o d since Dan came in the phones had dropped off to a You remember call you No way to man here's a call for Stan hello Right right there's a little preview of Saturdays and it's too Those of you who really are getting excited now Dr. Vot's gonna be here Stan You could get Dr. Vot's You're gonna be on a go blame that what you'll be on against game might know no. Oh, he's off at 10 Yeah, oh, you lucked out how get his audience yeah James listening right now be sure to promo Stan show it 10 o clock because there's nobody listens to wins Oh, I know what I'd like to see. Oh before I do that can we announce on the air can we again brag like crazy because nobody also tell anybody every male demographic 18 to 34 18 to 49 well we already knew 18 to 34 okay We had an 116 for number one. We're number one in midday in every male demographic 18 to 49 We have an 113 the next closest is magic with a 72 That means it almost every male who's listening to radio of it was under a hundred in this market for listening to this show right now In 25 to 49 we have a 125 mantis cut an eight Yeah, that's phenomenal 25 to 54 we already knew this one. We have a 121 the next closest is Magic as a 72 about hot hot has a two one. All right six eight six eight. Yeah, okay 35 to 64 is the next one we have a 10 eight the next one is life with a 96 We beat life Oh So we want to really brag about this stuff. I wanted to see on the weekend Wouldn't you be fascinated to see how those tapes did that are getting we're getting rid of fine like it's not like it did anything We had a bunch of teams listening during the summer time too now luckily they're back in school Where is it what am I looking for that it's Battery taken where you're on he dark with those Monday through Sunday Okay, here's morning Saturday we don't want to look at that because it's spelled MOUR and I Now I don't think those tapes did much okay 10 to three Saturday Wild we had a 29 week Well, yeah, but you got to compare it to the rest of the weekend. Oh Day parts oh, but in men we had a five one Well, let's look up Meg Green show now. She does pretty well what time is he on? Sunday morning, but it's here on the schedule midday it would be six to 10 a.m. Sunday night. It will be cloudy has a five three Sunday morning well, that's not hers though. She's the garden show the garden show is big Because he's got a three three See he even even she beats a tape I'm trying to tell him that since I came here that those tape shows Soak they just don't get any numbers anywhere now what if I don't beat the tape well well you'll probably never be back Oh, yeah, no you're gonna do five or six Believe me especially this great now you can be back and you can worry about every trend We'll find out the weekend day parts We'll hold them over your head and have people come to your house at three in the morning and say Sticky numbers stand right No, it's a great that stands kind of like back in the frame work of things kind of like on the periphery of it But that's a good way to crawl back in, you know Well, you'll have me to knock every Monday you're gonna have a show every no We're not gonna let you know Rock and you're gonna First of all, we're not gonna see if you were paying attention. We don't go to the track You know any more we go to a biscayne starting. Oh, that's right. Yeah, although that's still the track right well I wasn't talking specifically about About what call oh he said it oh You're called even yeah I noticed when Carter did the Bob Harnish thing this morning He didn't even give the name of the track. He just called it the racing report and the name of the track never Even entered into the discussion All and we were also having a little clandestine discussion billin I yesterday and you know Hiley is gonna be opening in November and running opposite call-art on the track and we figured since we always liked the underdog We might do a little too You know promote Hiley us and Bob Savage has always been so nice to me over there with me, but yeah Hey, listen racing is racing so what if they are three thousand dollar claimers? They still pay off at the windows some of the best times I ever had would Jackson race way in Michigan would cheap plumbers cashed a lot of tickets I should do your show off there and Jackson harness race Jackson state prison All right, it's 10 past 11 at WOD and we're trying our best to promote the standard your return Saturday tended to what time is the ballgame this week? I don't you have a full yeah, what for all yeah? You have a full four hours right out of the box That's what it looks like Yeah, the game this week is a four-cloth Oh, boy, and you know Dorothy's going in the York Dorothy Mac you are going in the earth He's going in the earth. Thanks a lot Dorothy. Yeah, she just kissed us goodbye like like this Yeah, you'll regret it boy. You'll miss when you're up to your ass and snowdore The you'll miss these and you'll win pod comes by and Jared and all your young Twinkies in there. You're gonna miss it What is this? Mobile call for you? Hello? Yeah, is I should be sampled? Yeah, yeah, you know Yeah, I use or the one who really said what a push-lead time is was that you would never work on Saturday I guess they change, huh? How about that? How about that? It's it's fitting you back on the radio though. Are you gonna by any chance? Have the keeper keys on? Yeah, yeah, it's back. He's gonna be on that way Really? What's that green? That was a matter of fact keep where the keys couldn't be or but his brother joked seems gonna be on John, John, you didn't say Joey Joey Goldstein Joey Pinto is also gonna be a he's on right now We're watching him and a cameraman they only hope they have for this show I noticed the new deal a cameraman never showed up We always need to get there Joey for like a half a second We'll go back to the game. Okay. No changes. Okay. That's all your audience can say is that that's it? They missed all that yeah, but I can say only yeah, look at the way the phone is going now Boy since he's coming in and it's like going atomic bomb All right, let's take a little break here Marvin. We'll be right back Start What an exciting Yeah, that was concordinated Yeah Boom Be a Nick head Lock it in Boom Boy It's like the call of the wild Okay, Stan is cutting some promos or something now taking feel free to call back in yeah No, seriously the phones do that happens every time he comes in We doesn't I He's got his DJ and E.J. and those chronic but he does great. He's gonna have a big number in there We still can't figure out why but he's a well on set. Yeah Kiss the ground that we don't have anymore those poorly put together crappy tapes Okay, boy, what up what up breath the fresh air. This is gonna be a real-life person back on the weekend On Wiodine a crush if they were smart once the dolphins and they put them on Sunday too Right sure what is it? It's two and three their five games are almost they're getting close to the halfway mark already Right another three weeks and they'll be halfway through the season Mm-hmm, not of course to mention postseason play well Anyway, well listen we can hope I mean a role in a game behind data first place a jet suck and at whole division is pathetic So we still got a shot Okay, we have an open line in date and what on the prom beach line which surprised me because Stan was a giant in Palm Beach He had just a tremendous following In Palm Beach County. Okay, hello Good, I wanted to start out slow. I knew there wouldn't be anybody on there So we might as well punch one up that we know is gonna be blank pop it oh Okay, this is excellent Kendall Oh, Koleela. Oh, somebody had to come along and spoil the friend there This and I was listening to the Chuck Meyer show on Saturday. Yeah, let's show He has a good show Chuck's a good guy. He's he's got something on the ball They used some of your cards to understand like I said I think this Chuck Meyer is gonna He's growing like a watermelon and when this world are gonna go back on screening calls who Laura Laura Never screen boring ever screen call well she was answering the phony of the day. What's she really? Yeah, Laura was answering the phone that's what we need since we have this enormous young male audience out there most of them are I was gonna say horny, but I think the word is desperate. Oh look at the cardboard audience They mean they're all smiling today. Yeah, they were frowning Don't tell me I love it. Okay. Okay. Is this sticky Lee? No, no, this is the mayor of Kendall. No, but don't you understand don't you remember there was a record It's a horror I love her before you were born by a sticky Lee. I'm sorry. I know, but you just you had just it fell right on it They're by accident. Okay, so tell Laura lover. Okay. Bye boy. Wow. Hmm What tell Laura I love her black label Tell Laura Dicky Lee he wasn't on RTA No, well who covered it then somebody on RCA coming big you are kidding. Kallen. Oh We have an opening two of them in Dave County. We just saw another one drop off there so the stand can't And what open light and brow it? I like to get little momentum going get here's a mobile on a Palm Beach line. Hello Yes, sir. I listen to that big spiral one. Oh here we go. Why do we waste our time though? Why do we have to be bogged out? Yeah, that guy What if the get rid of that guy? You don't take care of himself. Don't worry about their thing It's worse moment get me is that is better Exactly what are you going exactly on his worst days and boy believe me. I remember many of them. Thank you Mr. Make sure they were came close to the disgraceful excuse we have but I'm not discussing it Even if the guy is a moron and my mother doesn't live in hell and they'll she lives in Hollywood Mommy lives in Hollywood. I don't know why he's so obsessed with that. What does that mean? Got me is that is that like something criminal that I do I go to my mother's for dinner every two day guarantee as she cooks a lot better than you do Dickie you moron don't confusing with a five Next he'll be picking on me first wishing happy birthday to my dog I feel very emotional. No, I'm good. It was racing. You're saying tell Laura I love her You're right. He was right right. It was an art They locked him and shoved like up together. They deserve it. There you go. I'll talk to you. Okay on black well what was the record by Dickie Lee? Laura Something Laura Dickie Lee had a record like that Where I'm Johnny dark. Yeah, where John. Oh look at this it's 11 19 and here's the man with the food fat rich Isn't this from Taco Bell now and oh I'm so excited to Taco Bell moved up the street the only reason they went there's because I love I do I just I love So you what marble paste you have I'm sorry, but when I'm in all these little Mexican restaurants like you all where they have these Little objects crawling out of the back door. I'm not come on. I take you to good Mexican restaurant Never took me to a Mexican restaurant. Bobbomba you ever took me there. I took you to La Bomba when we went there right after it opened You loved it. We did. Yeah, I don't remember that All the time really I remember you telling me about you know where it is no On 441 no no no that's that's not that's a crummy one now. No La Bomba is on sunrise I almost If they had an entrance to the turn by him would be right there. Oh, God is this good. I love before you get to 440 I just love time. I'm sorry. It's on open park. It's on open park right before you get to 441 You have the worst imagination of anybody You can tell he's making it up because now he keeps changing the address Laurie call and salineel You believe it's hard in there. Laurie on Well Mitch of course on TCF Hall records. Oh, what story was the name of the record? What's the number? Come on We don't want the number. Oh, but color I love her was rain Peterson. I was a different record. Okay I stand corrected if anybody would know Mitch Ween Master of useless music trivia What's his a black flavor again was black label on RCA Yeah, with a little dog yeah Nipper yeah, I want to play that promo account okay. Oh, good because that big concerts coming up this weekend TCF Hall was a Red oh that I know But thank you is was on the same label by Dick TV and that was on a red label that I remember Mikko shar the What's up! Are you crying and crying. The world lie true. Advanced dignish of hell that we don't fragrant one is dying coming toOLL Y. I know you explain my buns. But you probably won't. Watch the laws and explain it to me, possible. I'm open door cuts but Pleinate Ladies. Okay, we're not gonna be sad. 23 past 11 at WIOD. And we wanted to tell you about Orinal's Royal Castle. Who? Arnold? Yeah. Arnold's going on Nutristo's to buy it. Right. So that means there'll be more for the customers. Instead of eating half of those radenile bacon cheeseburgers, it's said it's the biggest hit of the year. And of course they cook them all fresh for you. Right there on the grill. Like they have it on at Royal Castle and Arnold's in particular for years and years. He never leaves. Right. He's there around a clock and he'll strap to the grill. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Now the double kneel is too obvious. Patty's with the double port. He's only 250 in a piece. And fat rich can't pack away more than six or seven of those. That's something that's how big they are. They're delicious. Don't forget they're very breakfast around the clock at any time you're hungry for breakfast. The big smokey is sensational. After the first 20 or 30, I'm convinced they're the best sausage sandwich in town. It just beyond belief Arnold's Royal Castle and I'm not kidding. They never close. They're open every day of the year. Even on Simcos Torah, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. If 1 24 90 North West 7th Avenue in North Miami, just to block off I 95. Well we have a real interesting development. The food from Taco Bell is excellent. I love Taco Bell. However, we have a gentleman here that we sent. I thought he was a gentleman but as I snore of the worst kind, I'm going to need a fork. This is falling apart. I've already munged all over my stuff. Do we have a fork? Well, well, fine. He goes over there. We had each 12 what we want. He gives the order. And he says to the manager, he says the phone is ringing out to the people are calling telling them that we've been giving them plugs on the air. Which I don't know why you feel compelled to call him. Because it doesn't, what does it mean? We're not looking for anything. And Rick says to the manager, well, since we gave you all this publicity, would you want to cop this? $6 worth of food. I am so embarrassed. I want to apologize to the manager at Taco Bell. I want to be good for any people out there. I'm not looking for any freebies. I can afford my Taco Bell. There's very inexpensive installations. I'm enjoying my burritos to bring with no beans. And I'm going to dig into my tacos in a moment. Then the Australian food will be here. And he's second for a little follow up. But I am notified. See, if somebody wants to do that voluntarily, that's one thing. Okay? No problem. But to go down there and ask to be for freebie. Here's the most only. I just want to start Johnny Darlin. I was using disgusting. Here's a six-nour. But backwards, you've got more money than God. Go down there. And on my behalf, who has twice as much money as God, and he's asking for a freebie at Taco Bell. Please, everybody apologize. I'll let me never, well, let this man go near there again. Unless he's driving a brink's truck. Oh, I just can't believe that. I'm feeling so probably the tacos are very tasty. Yeah, I was a pretty good one. I'm very tasty. No matter what you say, they're fresh, Taco Bell. Yeah, they're good. He's sensational. Johnny Dark called off the year what did he want? Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. You hung up on him? Good. Good work. Oh, by mistake? I think you're in Sting's work. All right, it's 1129 since Sting came back in the phones have dropped. Half of them dropped off. No, it is interesting. It's fascinating. They were all filled up within 30 seconds after he went out to cut his thing. I'm gonna leave it a minute. Okay. No, we're not trying to push you out. I just, I just, I just, I just, I just passing on just mentioning it. They don't like you. I can't take a half. Dr. Votz Jr. might call. So, you know, just hang around. Hmm. So, I guess there's nothing else to see in the book. But what did we want to see in the book? Well, the two to three hour was the important one. And at nine to ten hours. Well, there's the man who's most largely responsible for the test for nine to ten hours. Mr. Incipid, underlined the sip part. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Can we bear all great this with his presence today? Wasn't that nice? Wasn't it? Better work on that cooking report, man. At nine o'clock hours. In the old crapper, as they say in a business. Oh, all right. Let's take a call. Could be for Stan here. Is this mobile? It's got to be long gone. Hello. Gone. Yeah. Coral Springs. Then? Yeah. You're not ready yet. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Well, that's something to think about. How are the two calls? Come on. We're all those Stan, major fans. All those people that used to call in and kiss his button put on that big act. Yeah. Yeah. What the hell happened? I think you're going to have a long four hours. And I bought the Boca line in that ring. No. Mm-hmm. Or the Palm Beach. They hate you in Palm Beach. Hi, Oliya. Oh, I stand. Mm-hmm. Do you tell me? Is that it? My ratings were better than yours, Alan. Okay. Was Alan Jr. calling in? David. Well, I'm already a premier. Oh, now. What? Miramar per Stan. Hey, Stan. Yes, sir. Hey, I do. Great. And this one-tellon, love you. Jake Frank Wilson. No, that was last kiss. Oh, my God. This isn't the same guy again. Yeah. Get out of here. Mm-hmm. When you're putting people on twice here for a marvener, you want drugs? Are you on hallucinogens? Why should you put that gun? He was too boring to be on once. Dear field. Okay. That's our favorite dear field caller. Homestead for SNM. Yeah, Stan. Yeah. Um, Saturn. You're going to be able to talk with history of football and baseball? Absolutely. All right. Because that's all I'll be listening for that life. Maybe Norm Kent might even come in and stop by for a guest appearance. That's that'd be great. You know, 13 for an audience. Norm is my idol. Yeah. Now, maybe he didn't grow up just to be just like him. As big as him? I just like him. Nobody's as big as him. I don't know. Hey, thanks a lot. Hey, good show now. Bye. We don't want to hear whether it's a good show. We know it's a good show. You want your opinion, Pippsqueen? It's 1132 at WIOD. Bokka and Palm Beach are not doing anything for Stan at all. That's incredible. I get a lot of fan. I put it on the long on the book. You know, some saving all my mong on the log and I'm not getting any of it on the book yet. I got some of my shirt. But he sales department was crime because they didn't have a copy of the book. Well, when I'm done with a book and the sales department can read it because they don't know how to read it anyway. I'll explain it to them at two. They don't know how to read a book. You should all have seminar. Mm-hmm. Charge your mission. Especially that little Dennenburg one. When do you just like to step on it? Yeah. All right. We have several calls for Stan coming up now after this break. They're all lined up for you now. Took a little while because it's a little shocking now. Absolutely. I'll have another soda there before Stan drinks all of them. But I'll have that. Especially after what you said about me last week. Aren't those good by the way? There's a Mark Very Good. I'm a guy with soda. I have coke. No, Mark's diet soda is good. That root beer is phenomenal. It is very good. Don't worry, Gary. The lines are ringing again now. Boy, Gary, just came in to look at the phone and see if was as bad as I said. He is. Does he believe everything you say in the re- Yes. Because he values his job dummy. Where do you get diet marks in the public's window? See where real job? Or in your case, a circle K? Let's tell you about Nutrition System right now. I'm not kidding you. I know this sounds too good to be true, but Wayne Arnold over at Arnold's Royal Castle is now the latest of our little core of Neelys here to be on Nutrition System. I have a feeling with a next couple of months he's going to fade away to a real person. Bad riches sitting over here stuffing his face in the miracle is he's still lost over 70 pounds. That's the thing that amazes me is that even people who are now not still on the program. Like myself, I haven't gained back there. A couple of pounds. You gain back just a little tight of a four or five pounds. So when you've lost 75, that's not bad. Then you take a little breather in that eventually. You get the courage to go back and finish the job. So if you want to lose that weight, don't forget they've extended that special offer to now. It's a hell of a deal for three weeks. That's right. You can lose all the weight in three weeks. It's only 79 bucks now. An incredible discount off the regular chart. So call Nutrition System today and lose the weight instead of a lot of money. You'll get a thin body instead of a thin wallet. Save a ton of money on your first three weeks with Nutrition System called toll-free 1-800-344 thin. That's 1-800-344 thin and be sure and tell him that Neil Rogers at Wiod told you to call. So we play other stations all the expired jingles. Okay, that nobody owns anymore. The don't exist. It's 1137 a Wiod Dean and let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, you're great. Here at How's it going, Burke? Okay. Neil, I was staying on the cross the Am dial the other night like I do sometimes and I eaten picked up T and O E ever. Hmm. Wait, I don't know left into the down there. I'm going to pretty strong. From where? T and O E. I have no idea where was New Orleans. New Orleans? Oh, with a K? Is it New Orleans? New Orleans? I never heard of it. New Orleans. Yeah, rock and roll? No, it was kind of a talk thing. It's funny to say, you still live in New Orleans and it didn't cost me a lot of time. Ever heard of WWL? Oh, of course. You know Rick Zerick? Nope. He's a giant in this industry. What is he a truck driver? Believe in an Addy does news talk and WWL. Yeah, well that's the truck driver station. Yeah. Right. Right. Ben sold a can't like church use bill called used to work there. Oh, he did. Hmm. I didn't know that. Wow, he worked everywhere. Ha ha ha. Yeah. So, um, yeah, I did listen to Dick Fairwell the other night twice and that was that enough for me that's all I'm going to say. Okay. And, um, so all it needs to be said actually. Yeah. You know Dave Dickson? Yeah. Speaking of name dropping. He's in Detroit. Right. Right. He's the NWABX. Yeah. And then he went down here for all. Oh, my buddy is every single Neil and Dave Dickson that you know Harley Francis. You know Dan Nevere. You know, um.