No way to argue the situation at the point for her, and I was asked to leave. I guess the most disappointing thing of all of this is how the whole situation was handled after my departure from the studio, and then again the following week. I was called to the station in the same capacity as the local expert on a particular subject. I wonder what the subject was, I guess we can't say it on the air. Mr. Bena wanted to talk about comedy and Sharon called me. Apparently Mr. Hill had a major problem with this. Wait a minute. Yeah, I'm not on a retainer with no-one my pay-but-any radio station. I'm just a young, hard-working comedian looking to wish that was myself. Hmm. I believe I've accurately described what took place that day. If you feel there's a problem with what I did, then certainly you are entitled to feel that way. I did not intend on hurting or offending anyone. Maybe as a young, first-fire aspiring comic, but I wasn't sensitive enough to the politics of the situation. However, once again, I feel I did not do anything that would be considered in a appropriate. I would even very much like to maintain open dialogue with you. I've even enclosed them of my recent jokes. I hope you liked this video. And certainly Jeff Mustard. And we probably ought to, and here's a picture too. It is just a wait a minute. Hold on to it now. It's trying to- Here's a comedy-sampler platter from Jeff Mustard. I'm ready. I don't know. The Chief Surgeon said they removed old blood from the brain of the 78 year old ice president. No kidding. What are they going to find? Young blood? Okay, let's try another one. Hmm. The operation was performed at the World Famous Mayo Clinic. Doctors were concerned about Reagan's age and other complications which might develop. So during the procedure they used miracle with. Okay, one more now. They got to get better. Former president of Reagan underwent successful brain surgery. Doctors who amazed they found they removed just same exact things when a performed his colon operation. That's a joke. Well, one more. Congressman Barney Frank, the acknowledged homosexual legislator, is being investigated for hiring male prostitutes, Steve Goldby, who allegedly used the Congressman's house for prostitution. Still what? Nobody's bothering Barney Frank about the house. He uses on Capitol Hill to screw people. One more? I guess not. Well Jeff, let me just say this. We certainly want to thank you for your fine letter and don't call us. We'll call you. Yeah, that was good one. Now you see. 117 at WID. We've had to do a little break after that Marvin.