I find in 278 WIOD in the fall of Asia. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed for the host, guest or callers. Are you not necessarily those of the stations? Now, here's Neo Rogers on New South Radio 610 WIOD. Yeah. Isn't that a great way to come back? I punched it up. It's not too bad. And it still isn't planned. For this is great. What? You got it open? It just keeps stopping. The drama is good for the Neo Rogers. It might not be as bad as everyone says. Oh man, that was great. I want to wait to come back. Well, it's interesting to see nothing has changed. 10.060 WIOD. And you've got to get this little frog out of my throat. And I'll be okay. Got that in Rome? Mm-hmm. Boy, do I have stories to tell you about Rome? It is so hot there. And they got no air conditioning. So if we had no air conditioning here, how do you people that tell these stories about Europe first of all? You don't know what you're talking about. Okay. They always say, well, I don't use a lot of soap over there. They don't shower. They don't have a lot of hot water. And all of a sudden, they could take a shower every 15 minutes. And it was a dull stink. Okay. Because there's almost no air conditioning. And they're all walking around and they've got the smutters in it. Well, they're washing the perspiration off their head over there. Say, oh, yeah. Just like we were hunting. Yeah. You're not living here with no AC. Well, that was the same thing. But anyway, I had a great time. And most of it was an Amsterdam, which is an incredible place. The only thing bad about Amsterdam is the food. The food is so bad, man. And no, everything has no taste. Oh, man. They got all these pizza places. And you go in the order of like little personal signs, pizza, which they don't slice up by the way. They're just for which is okay. Agnandle. And it looks great. And you cut into it and you taste it. And it's no taste. Oh, no. You know, seasoning or anything. Every in other words, the pizza tastes like the chocolate milk. And it tastes like the soup and it tastes like the potatoes. Blanned. But it's a great place. No father's and flavors. Why? Because they have too much other excitement and other parts of their life. So they throw the food is just like the sale on. But what you're talking about to stay alive, if you ever go to Europe, I want to tell you something. Don't rent a car. And I didn't. Because all the travel books they don't rent a car. And I did not do it. And thank God for that. So the way they drive over there, you think the driving is bad here. I don't know how they stay alive. There are no, there are like no lanes. So just all over the road and they go wherever the hell they want. And it answered them for every car. There's like 10 bicycles. Always people are on bicycles. And a bicycle drivers are worse than the people in the car. So they got these little bells. Ding-ing-ing-ing-ing-ing. And boy, will you hear that coming? You think they have a lot of the way because they're not going to stop. And the streets, most of them are real narrow. With no sidewalks or very little sidewalks. So you're walking down the street and you develop a sense of when a car is coming or when a bicycle is coming, you develop like a six-centing. And man, they're like crazy. They just go like a bad on a hill. And then Italy, it's like a free for all. My cab ride from the airport to the hotel, which was the worst ride of my life in hour. Okay, 55 minutes. It's 100 degrees like a motorcycle. That's no air conditioning. And it's thinking a little car. The cab driver is wiping his forehead. It's the EX like he's about to pass on. And he gets into the city. And there are no lanes. There are no rules. There are, and then there are roads where the traffic converges from like six different roads. And there's no rule. I mean, just first come first. You're, and they've all got these little tiny sub-tamp-pack cars. Nobody over there drive a car. Always crap about big European cars. Maybe out in the hinterlands where they got highways. But in the cities, they drive all these little tiny sub-tamp-pack cars. And it's incredible. Anyway, what the hell am I talking about? We got Europe. I don't think I'm going to make it. I know. I mean, as far as getting everything in, I got stuff to talk about. I can do the whole show about the plane trip back. Nine and a half hours from Amsterdam to Orlando. Ellison, I got a very nice lady who's my travel agent. I've never mentioned it on the air. She's a groupie. I'm sure she's listening now. She's wonderful at a great time. I don't want her to get hyper. But she booked me out of Orlando and back to Orlando. So I wouldn't have to go through customs in New York. She said, everybody says customs in cell. Customs is nothing anywhere. They look at you. And if they go ahead, maybe one out of every four or one out of every ten people, they stop, and they try, even in Italy, where they all got oozy, they go ahead. You know, I'll get lost. Well, where do you think everybody from Amsterdam going to Orlando is going? I think you can get up. Yeah. There is a plain full of people with screaming little kids going to see Mickey. And I would say like 95% of the people on that plane were from Amsterdam or from Europe. They were not American. So they're all tourists. And they're all going to see Mickey Mouse and they've got these screaming little kids. And sitting next to me on the plane is a woman from Lebanon who's got her little, crying, kicking, screaming kid in her land. You know how they let little kids sit in the parents' lap on her plane now? Would you have to be against the law? Well, they let them sit in their lap. And this kid is kicking me and stepping on me. Oh, there's a, I gotta find a car just a second. And of course, every one's in a great while. Not so much every one's in a great while. And every five minutes. I can't find it. I can't believe it. I thought you said you had these all in alphabetical order. I do. I don't know what you're using for. This is a hell out. I'm looking for that little sound effect that we play all the time. Oh, here it is. That's all. And every five or ten minutes is little kid is sitting on her lap and, and, oh, they're a little bit of a problem. And then he's got a bag of, you know, a bag of failed potatoes. You know, what rancid potatoes? No, I think I'll bad they smell nine and a half hours. I'm sitting next to this mess. And on the other side of me, here's a Dutch couple. And they got their two little girls about three and four years old. And the one little girl is fine. And the other one is a professional troublemaker. She's got to sit with her head to the, everybody else is face to the front of the plane. She's got his face to the back to the world behind her where these two little girls and she's taken their toys away and making them cry and making them scream. And the parents of the other kids are looking at her like they want a killer. And her parents are like, oh, and she can't. And she can't. Nine and a half hours of this. Oh, don't ever fly from out of the country into Orlando. You'll regret it. Okay, they're all going to see Mickey Mouse. Sure. Every European little brat, every spoiled little kid. Every crying, belching. Little kid. Is on an end then, she changes the diapers in the seat. Okay. She takes the kid to the bathroom. Okay. Which is a good start. And you think if she's going to change his diapers, she do it in the bathroom, right? Wrong. She brought out of the guttling nose, what they did in there. But she brings him back to the seat. And we're in the bulkhead. Thank God, it would give me a little bit of breathing room. And she takes him down on the floor and pulls the pants down. And he's real girl sitting across in the middle section of the plain hour. Oh, what's that? What a fan. Oh, God. I love it. I love it. Oh, I mean. But I had a great time. And if I come back and always be incredible, changes going on. They did nice say. They always wait. So I go away. And you come back in a whole market. He's like it in an uproar. Everything is changed. But I mean, a little. Well, I'm two major three. I'm just a band on this band. Yeah. Not much on the other day. Oh, there's not much on the other band of begin with. And I got a thing here that Dick's fatherly sent me. He's not even for a job. Art Dick's. He only had him on a year while I was going over. Oh, I had a lot to say about some of the people you had on the year while I was going up. Oh, good. Anyway, I would want to say about Toyota of Hollywood right now. And if you're looking for a great deal on a beautiful Toyota, you know, I pulled into a lot this morning. It's like they're all these Toyota's. And there's a part about it. You know what I'm saying? They're like everywhere. And if you want one of those great Toyota's, the place to get it is Toyota of Hollywood is the number one Toyota dealer in the entire south. These because they do this job. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. 10 16 at W. I'll be. I'll let me give a little piece of advice. Okay. If you got some money saved up and you want to go on and trip. And a lot of people still haven't got on vacation. Right. Go to Vegas. Go to Hawaii. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Don't go to Europe. I had a great time. But I would never go back. I had a lot of people in the audience would say, well, we didn't see Paris and you didn't see it. It's all the same. Okay. In fact, when you get back to this country and spite of all the things that bug me about this country like you got the TV on there that went, then we got from President. The mind was idiots. It's like on such a different level. Right. They live a very austere existence over there compared to the way we live. In fact, an Amsterdam, which is this why it's a fun place. I mean, don't get me wrong. It's a great city. If they dress like from hunger, all the young people were these like oversized, dirty jeans, you know, that went out of style like 20 years ago, that are two sizes too big. And they brought in the Army Navy Eagle store, something like that. And in Italy, they dressed from hunger. I mean, of course, there would be no point in putting on good clothing because if you met a lot of an hour, they'd be soaked anyway. It's not a fast way to wash your clothes while you're wearing them. It gives you meaning to the expression, wash and wear. I'm serious, man. summertime. And obviously, they close up the whole city. Yeah, that's right. Everybody goes away. And even like when I was there in July, and all year long from like one and a afternoon till four is like CS to tell you, that's great. Everything closes because I guess that would be one of the hottest of all. And they try to find somebody with a fan, you know, just to wave a little bit of air around to do something, keep some circulation. I will say this to food in Italy is great. I'm not standing as opposed to Amsterdam. Like I said, it's no taste at all. Nothing is any taste. Zero. In fact, you know where a lot of meals I hate to admit this. But, yeah, McDonald's. Yeah, because they got to McDonald's in a burger king. Why next to each other? McDonald's does about 10 times the business, by the way. Really? Yeah. Fact. All day, fact. And I was American, see, they were Amsterdam. And that's what I ate. And you know how I feel about some of those places. But boy, at least I knew I was going to get a little bit of taste, you know. In fact, I got a strawberry milkshake and I just savored it. I thought I could real salt visit had some taste to it. Exactly. Boy, it is incredible. But anyway, Amsterdam, like I said, is really bizarre. And of course, the Holy stories about the houses of prostitution and about the red light district and everything. I got this for you. If you can't get late in Amsterdam without going into that area, and there are three two of those here. That's a, I'll use that real problem. Okay? Because there are thousands of people milling around. I always, like the later it gets from the day, the more people are like walking around. I'm just on every street, walking and walking. In fact, that's the best thing that happened to me is that I didn't run a car. First I would have got killed. And secondly, when you walk that much, I didn't gain an ounce. But even though the food wasn't as good, I had several meals like 10 meals a day. But you walk forever over there. But these houses of prostitution are like just regular houses with big windows. And they had these big, ugly, big, rested women sitting inside the windows. And I mean, ugly, most of them very ugly. And they're sitting there like in their underwear. And they smile as you walk by and they say, they don't do anything. They just smile at you. And they point like, you know, down here, like, you got any ideas. And they're ugly, man. But horrendous in there. And the two cities, parts of that town, boy, horrendous places. So if you have any ideas and go and over there, don't, that's not the place to find it. Okay? You can find anything you want. Every block has got sex shops and live sex shows and sex discs and sex. That those people are just obsessed. They're even doing it while they're on those white shops. That's all I'm telling you. That's all I think about. Anyway, the plan to your back like I said was the longest nine and a half hours of my life with this little kid in this woman's lap. And he keeps ticking me and stepping on my feet. And I just wanted to reach over in Strangolin. I don't know. And then you look at your watch, you know, I can't sleep on a plane. I can't sleep on a plane, me. And I keep looking at my wife thinking, oh, look at this. Only seven and three times hours. I don't know. I'm sorry. Well, you ever had a time like when you thought, I'm just not going to make it. Or you're not going to make it. I've got like seven and three quarters hours to go. They're two and on these taken potato chips to kid his do all kinds of stuff in his pants. And it smells like a toilet in here. Like I'm sitting in the little train. And I got only seven and three quarters hours. Yeah. Oh, man, was that something for a lot of hours? And I don't want to say which year I'll get. I want to get anybody who got sick on the first day back. But on some of these airlines, they make a big deal out of first class as opposed to the rest of us pions, or sitting in tourist and coach. They call it business class. And they have these curtains that they draw because they're going to feed them firm. And they don't want you to see them eating. That's right. I guess it's their idea of being gentle or gentle or something. But they don't want you to see that the other people are only while you're sitting there starving with nothing to do. So they draw these grapes and prawns. And they have these things that they put up in a year. So you can't see up in there. That's right. And in some of the people who are desperate, they're lined up to go to the John and the back of the plane. And they want to go and use in first class. And they won't let them through there. When the wind up when the winds are closed, man, you can't go on the floor before they will let you go up and use the business class. So because it's a big exclusive kind of thing with them. Nine and a half hours. The interesting thing in Rome is that you get out in the middle of the city. And I'm walking down to try to find US today. The two things that saved me over there were CNN international, which they had an Amsterdam on TV, which is basically the same as what you get here with a few little things thrown in. And USA today all over the place for only three yelvers, which is like a bucket of half for a newspaper. But anyway, in Rome, some walking down about two blocks from I hope you'll try to find a newspaper that I can read that isn't an Italian. And by the way, if you think you can, if you know Spanish or French, if you think that is going to help you with a tag and forget it, it is the most bizarre language. I picked up a paper. I could pick up a paper in Spanish and I can read it. And I understand most of it. I picked up a paper and I'm reading a story about the racetrack. And the only thing I could understand was the name of the horse, which was friendly face. It was the only thing in English. And the name of the driver. I couldn't understand one other word in the entire story. So I'm walking up the street to get to the newspaper. And here's these guards, these military types, standing with oozy submachine guns in the middle of the street. And you find that everywhere in Italy. So over the place, they don't bother anybody unless you look at them, caught by them, they shoot you. But a little bit strange, a little different. Anyway, there are only changes going on. Let me do a break and then when we come back, oh yeah, so much stuff going on in town. I was at the track yesterday with Bill Calder. And we made a Mazda-Supposit, not nothing too exciting. Oh, I know you won Friday. And I won Friday. I won on Friday. I had a couple of perspectives. I had the double, but I just didn't play my cards. Not a man. They're doing what my problem too. When upstairs we saw Phil Stahlsman. Right. And Bob Harnes. Mm-hmm. And the dirt actor, man, was up there with his knee rotters bumper sticker. Mm-hmm. And who else was up there? Burning equipment. And glad you went up that's nice. And Nick and Zellis. Uh-huh. Ah, Steve某as prevailing a muffler. And? What集m, first? Two weeks ago. Yeah. And so when Jason Williamräge fold him up on his shoe removed one. And he fell down off and totally creased a one-glazzyんな. Doing a hospital 때문에 as sat Koelann told him to do something. Really? Really? I was totally honest. Pretty good. You are going to put a new matty on the table, when you put it on like a normal bar. And a bigmanaI took the marriage seat, and it was absolutely nothing today. Anyway, it showed up on the motorcycle day. the first thing I hear you don't come any better man go bird that boy was a sand ad but yeah because they carry that CNN stuff and all that like crossfires on there all the shows money line Larry is international he's all the world like a disease good lord and the fact that was a guy it was in the elevator which the first hotel I stayed in Amsterdam was so bad it was so bad and it was under construction and the one in Italy was under construction so on those days when it was 120 degrees and you wanted to stay in because it was air conditioning you hear kind of like being in here yeah right at home right and but anyway he was on there and he didn't interview one day with Fred Rogers that was so bad there on it was incredible was unbelievable I know it was I was in I had my USA today with a sports section folded out and I'm going down the elevator in Amsterdam and it was an American woman and she's like vinegar head to look at something on the sports page she said how did the cubs do the other day what what she was from Chicago okay it was a combine to know there had to be a logical explanation and the amazing part of it is of course I was seeing the scores like a date of late over there and they did great while I was away now I come back and they've lost every game since I've been back so I think I'm going to go away again oh I didn't they don't do well when I'm here yeah the meds by the way aren't doing so great either I want to get into a long thing on this today I wait till tomorrow thank god but it looked like the meds are up right there tied with the cubs for second I'm gonna have games behind my true out and I say Montreal was a team to beat I think I said that I was another was still planned anyway oh yeah one other thing about the track two other things about the track yesterday we're standing down on the third level okay which is like a ritual bill called or not got this routine that we go through with the track besides losing and one of the things that we always do is before the last race we go down on a level where you get your valet parking thing which I'll talk about a minute Jimmy the geek yeah he's standing there yeah watching the TV yeah and he's rooting for the two horse well I got sucked in on this two horse and the last race also they were betting it and the workfighter was had a little class and here's Jimmy of course who's got the inside scoop you know he's rooting for the two for his so far back he's at the top of the stretch right now and straight for on to you even though I had the two that when I realized that Jimmy the geek had him I was glad that he was back to the stretch he said come on at least get second get something he got something alright twerphe yeah it was great anyways so we pull up to the valet parking in Calvary yesterday in the Corvette and I get out and it's like this icy cold feeling in the area you know like the temperatures just got 50 degrees and all the valet parking kids are standing around I hear a couple of people saying oh that's the orangish you know I thought boy I'm gonna get lynched right here in a valet parking thing you know so I changed my whole added not because of being intimidated but because I realized at most of those kids are honest okay although they got a whole bunch of you I don't recognize too many faces I guess you can't be a valet parker forever not a lot of future no I valet parked Friday I had no part so anyway when I left even though I had a very minor losing day I was like 20 bucks which to me I was I was out over a hundred so I made a big combat and so I figured that's a big winning day losing 20 bucks so I give the kid a $5 tip not 50 you know somebody I don't want to make a lot of my two calleders name because he said on the year this morning 50 dollars okay $5 tip and I'm gonna start doing that from now on I'm gonna encourage people to give good tips if they're car still in one piece okay like minimum two bucks okay and like if you have a decent baby breaking giving five bucks if you want a few hundred give them ten bucks okay so I'm changing my whole tune about valet parking because some of them still look pretty good anyways 1031 at WIOD I want to get in some of these changes that are coming up we got the book coming out on Wednesday Wednesday okay boys this exciting yeah we got food coming airy sink in day this week dinner bird comes in here this one yeah yeah yeah we got food every single day the man is out of his mind yeah we got pineapple which is a new sponsor coming in today with the natural food oh yeah that's right we got Arnold tomorrow with his great cheese burgers pizza locked on Wednesday the spice sample on Thursday which is also new and wings crossed on Friday what a week so we got food coming every day yeah so it's a good thing I didn't go crazy and being in any way anyway we got some big changes in the market and I I know that the renewing had in these big numbers he's not paranoid about build caller no right so if I mentioned that build callers on QAM in a morning and builds a good friend of mine he's not gonna get upset about that because renewing's been number one in the morning for years need as long as he wants to be still will be right I think so I do I think so why you say it like in such an insecure way do I suppose to say of course he's sounding better than ever to me is that sound better he is honestly you don't say that like your minute I mean it I do mean it better than ever I wouldn't say it if I didn't okay no it just I don't disagree with you but it's just the way you said it's so insincere but anyway so there's a change of QAM and of course Dick fatherly ascending out resumes that one now sure if I go in right here well we sure can get this frog out of my throat from that cold and luckily it was not but it was just a little head cold but it basically settled in my throat can I say there and and that's and I've been taken all this expector and and he can like I can't think of the name of the stuff the vocal tasting stuff and a name of medicine and that's an expector and yeah because that really stuff yeah yeah that's the name of something that's flam odd you know and it just so there's just a little bit in there and it irritates you how much I guess it could I couldn't talk to well at all yesterday it was hooked up from being at the track anyway it says a billboard personality of the year image building specialist and one of America's best commercial voices uh geez now where's this card as it under f yeah fatherly speaks as in something yeah yeah he's an orgy on provocateur he's immediately available to one of southward is finest broadcasting properties Richard W. Fatherly in Marge so if anybody out there's hiring Dick fatherly is available and ready when you are okay he's ready to do it okay you had a money in here for an hour and well it was not my idea who's idea was it Sharon and Sharon's wonderful but Sharon's got nothing to do with this show okay so what I nothing to do but what I did was we talked about I mean I see what teens guess this but he's got nothing trouble with that show okay and I've messing around with this one well what I did with fatherly is we talked about old QAMF he ran and when he was at F he was at F he ran he was morning's at F he ran in my boy to 60 can't you picture that can you see him doing talk ups oh man so we talked about QAMF you in in the 60s and everybody seemed to get into that so that's what I I kept him talking about that dark helped us out and I got the real I got to play all the old Ricky Tickie air checks and all the old jingles and stuff so we had a fun time we fed them you know Jeff from pizza office one year on the queue WQ a L yeah fifty six on the dial but the number one in your car 25 minutes a Marshall free music we call them super jam and well today we say card you are a gambler run a retailer Johnny Dolan and federal Cali Williams world jams 25 minutes of commercial free hunting to record music and well you see who a damn Miami 10 35 WLG by the way I want to say this magic they made it come back I don't know what happened but all weekend I've been listening to them the music is great that I listen to them on the way to work they'll happen over there do you think they were listening to us music big improvement big improvement I don't know if they're listening that will take this records that I've heard before and I want to hear a lot of newlies in their building really yeah and I was in home on the way to work this morning I enjoyed it okay so anyway we got to do another break cheese I'm not used to this you get used to we have to do another break and it will come back talk about the big changes I don't in fact this could be our last week because we've got some heavy do you know we got some heavy doody competition coming in especially a WS news man WOLD is going big competition yeah some stiff competition and I mean stiff yeah I was the name of the horse in last race last night if to a horse it's a horse that Jimmy the geek and I bet on stiff something I think it was wishful thank you oh look at this steep came today in honor of my return as another one of these homosexual shows welcome you back doctor Roy Mastier is from his ranch in Oregon by phone I assume or maybe just no I don't know window and I believe so I think so and Bob Cooves off who's only making his 82nd appearance this month on a game show okay cheese and a special guest appearance by atheist John O'Neill some other real good route of contriped controversy and debate on the state can show this afternoon or two boys did a pleasure to talk about Williams plus we got to wait all way okay twenty to eleven a WL of the I can see we're already starting in where I like that that's what production just came in and turned it down to forty degrees not in what he turned it down to just what I need is a little pneumonia and we're gonna be ready to go just getting rid of this thing and I you know she's gonna turn down to about thirty two anyway ladies and gentlemen big news in the marketplace big news I mean even more incredible in the fact that build callers at two a.m. in the morning from five thirty to ten I don't want to get reneary upset but I like I said he's not insecure he's not concerned about that is he I'm not I'm sure he's not I hope not and if he is I guess I let me know tomorrow morning yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we look we talk about everybody else in a marketplace we're not paranoid on this day she like some others are okay not to mention in the names by the way notice that Zeta still on the air yes same same I got to my heart the airport and the first thing I did I turned us on and sports line sports talk was on and I thought well that's great could be anytime of the day we're talking sports yeah I noticed oh that was good I think the frog just jumped out hopes and then I punched on Zeta to see if they were still in the air same old same old and we're playing the C.C.R. I thought boy that's great I feel comfortable but anyway W.F.T.L. Oh boy which some of you can pick up on your pop-up toaster not me I can't pick it up is going head to head we W.I.O.D. all talk yeah is this shocking what is this start by the way it's a start out did you lie 24th next Monday and W.S. News of course I got that out of the I don't already heard about it because Colbert gave me all this information you know how he gets it well part of it he talks to Lee Fowler all the time my girl either battery on a way back he drove through Palm Beach and he had the window down his car and he had followers through the window but here's the big article this morning in the hero W.N.W.S. Reamping it's format you know what this is like it's like take it a debit cards and shuffling them and changing them over and over rearranging the same old tired faces and boys dog-yared card yeah yeah I mean there's nothing you the same old tired crap Alice when is this start probably Monday or July 31st oh F.T. I'll get his jump jump they get to jump nice Monday and both of you are through who can hear F.T. I'll tell you when F.T.L. is great when you're driving is it on 95 or is it on the turn of the night 95 because that's where the stick is right on the turn pie right by the first by state road 84 is that that's not rockin' big daddy that's up in Palm Beach. Son of C.L. what is that thing because we fade out when I'm driving home every day really for about a week of a mile there's this power everybody else fades and go by somebody's tower it's right at state road 84 or is that maybe that's the FCC monitoring still not there anymore they moved at the virale but there's something there you hear that you can of course I hear that what is that I told no like somebody's got a little thing like a little ball peeing hammer and they're just like noodling around somewhere just just the irritate us yeah by the way you haven't seen Cheryl with my check it heavy I just mentioned that in passing because it's almost 11 o'clock should not have two checks or did they make it into one big check I don't care how many of their artists as long as it's a right amount and she gets it in here real soon or do she can back when did she come back we passed Monday great okay so the 24th next Monday WFTL Bob Gordon and co-host oh but if doesn't say who the co-host is gonna be the street co-host mystery sidekick Brian Mike X one guess yeah I don't want to talk about blind Michael okay Friday I'm listening to call this show in fact I must admit I made little quiet not a quite call but a phony voice call a little friendly call to call her and at the end of the show he last call was blind man I turn over to this station your first call yeah blind mind okay not yet as the meaning of the word chronic busy all of people I don't ever want to here again this guy puts on a year everybody who just the worst in radio that's right the worst and Joey Reynolds was in here yeah and Stan made you was in here twice once doing a beauty show beauty content one suit show he brought some friends yeah everybody loved it I don't know he brought some friends he would understand have any for anyway Bob Gordon and co-host six to 10 a.m. lighthearted up now this is the F.t.l.t. propaganda yeah this is their propaganda she which is typewritten on the real chief piece of paper and so W.f.t.l.a.r. 1400 a.m. we want to give you a call chance of the world so we're gonna give you the frequency oh and if you're a date how do you want here now right I haven't heard of him in here if you're in Broward County in your certain areas but especially by the tower yeah when you drive right next to their top open is that I think it's really boomin yeah you can buy a good parking space like off of the side of the road you'll it'll come in great especially at night now wait to you hear who you're gonna do nice oh go wait to hear who you know you don't know who's gonna do nice oh wait till Nick here is this he's got I swear to you oh it's waves w avs is the one by the turn parl it's that religion now yeah that's another one you can't let alone doesn't show up anyway all right listen to this bob Gordon in the morning it says lighthearted a mid came back that's great good to see a mid lighthearted up the way to start the day with writing an entertainment pattern comedy bits and the best in m.o.r. adult contemporary music okay what I'll get to it it's it's what down and you've got its worth waiting for yes me yes me yes me day ten to two I want to not because he said better mind and I'm not a pregnant I'm pregnant I'm pregnant so I'm glad that's pretty good yeah I landed something I'm serious I don't think he's gonna be a exactly take our audience away to you but he'll do you know something which is more than f.d. l.s. done years yes and the only thing all of a concern about is this she here what it says it says topical talk show oh national international state and local issues including guests with special emphasis on listener phone in participation no kidding no kidding yeah topical talk show two to six p.m. mic Roberts I have no idea you know who better know does anybody know who mic Roberts never heard the name nobody ever heard of okay that could be blind mic he got to show the thing Brian mic Roberts variety and entertainment pattern they're big on pattern yeah not a pattern yeah that's what I'm talking about I did not make is just just like when I left okay in the twilight song I said you know who's gonna be on at night he said no now he writes me a note on the screen telling me the name of the person I was talking to the nothing is shameless the word for that is shame I'm not get to that because I'm gonna rip him and ask like he's never been ripped in his life two to six p.m. mic Roberts bright and entertainment pattern with light upbeat information and discussions comedy bits oh occasional interviews and listener part participation all mixed with your favorite m.o.r. adult contemporary music what the hell is wrong with that's it oh it's wrong it's not gonna play well in my play that on f.o.m now now yeah here we go this is okay and then we get to six to seven p.m. Joel Wildman's money line oh God for those money shows man are good for least a one share hello on f.i. doubt it it's a very informative update the Disney show with listener phone in participation they hold seven to 11 p.m. hold your socks with your seatbelt on early so chin very interesting huh topical talk show current and general it tissues issues with guests and listener phone in part you must be over the age of 100 non-blad that or any of the family yeah landed something you know there's these uh desperate he believes he belongs on here which is uh and then speaking of that now I want to say that oh mic Roberts is also the p.d.f.r. I never heard of me either lots of big station from 11 p.m. here we go now I want to practice this by saying that this individual is a wonderful attorney okay and I'm sure he went to school for many years to learn to become an attorney he does have some idiosyncrasies like his obsession with what is that word is reasonable I think that mic question is when is he gonna be a lawyer? I'm serious he's gonna be on from 11 at night till 3 in the morning he's gonna be Norman Kent he's gonna be now there's somebody who deserves the blame for creating this and his name is king okay Steve King takes all the blame or at least he should for Norman Elliot Kent deluding himself into believing that he's a talk show see that's one of the things that pisses me off about this business is everybody in their brother thinks they can do a talk show and a go on a year and it's embarrassing his hell okay Norman's a wonderful guy he's a brilliant attorney he's not a talk show host he's never gonna be a talk show host and whoever well I say talk to me do what I'm sure he jumped at it yeah but he's gonna be in a dream world what does he think it about you have any idea can't we he's gonna work to three in the world you know what that nighttime signal is it all you can't even under the tower you can't pick it up you have to be inside the transmitter she had to pick up with a good radio with a crystal set that only is two to fourteen hundred and then you might have trouble but he thinks he's got to get phone calls on that station that night what's he can or all I can say to you man it's not too late to change your mind it's all I'm gonna say do as you will I know that you're obsessed that you've got you know you've got the taste of it they get a little bit of a taste and right away they want to do a talk show like her name yeah or he was just a nice guy when I've made a me used to come on and do biorems he used to follow some give's most you know and all of a sudden he got a little bit of a taste of he wanted to be a talk show home he's a great guy burning yeah but it's like make green same kind of deal anyway it's ten fifty one why it's it makes a nice personal can be that show is another story but she's a very nice right ten fifty one a good you want to do we got another little thing to do here all the melting pot well I've already missed talking about the melting pot because well for a couple reasons number one I love that great fun do it is so good it just like melts well I must be why they call it the melting pot oh it melts in the fondue pot and melts in your mouth huh yeah when you dip your banana in the chopper fondue dessert it just kind of like all melts together and you go nuts but the main reason that I really look forward to talking about them again is because I you know I've been really thinking long and hard about the emitators about the other people I'd like you will leave and I'm gonna say it again when you've got something good you don't have to give it away in fact anybody who would think that the melting pot would give away that great chopper fondue dessert especially the white chocolate and marino you have to be nuts that's better than sex that would be like those women and amsters and just you know having their signs saying it's free today you know they're not gonna do it are you following me so far to metaphor for a couple of days so when any restaurants today we're gonna give you the they're doing it because they're desperate okay because they're like a third rate in the period product don't accept any emitators okay if you want to waste your money go right ahead be my guest and listen to Steve and go try the other inferior place if you want the best fondue in the free world go ahead for one of the three melting pot locations tonight or any nights or open every night seven nights a week there are 98 35 sunset drive and south Miami 31 40 three northeast 160 third street in North Miami Beach and the infamous notorious melting pot and coral springs on West Tampa Roe just east of Pinal don't forget don't accept any emitators or frakers for fantastic fondue you had for the melting pot now sender in the break I would look at his three to six a.m. M. O. R. adult contemporary music show that fits right in on FPL we're here to go to use news in a second now is gonna say in Amsterdam when I came back the second time from Rome and I stayed in a great hotel by the way the gold tool of Barbazon palace hotel tremendous hotel great right right down by central states in the middle of all the action and they're like three or four old houses that have been renovated in this gigantic hotel and each room has been refurbished with brand new carpeting and my room was split level hmm and when you walked in there was a huge closet and a big bathroom with a phone in the bathroom and you walked down several steps into the main part of the TV set with remote control and the big bed and the mini bar and a whole bit which is fantastic what the hell was I talking about oh and you're gonna try to get some medicine for you and there's no what they have an apothecary yeah and they're open I think for like ten minutes a day they don't have such a thing as a drugstore they were used to where you go in and it's almost like a department store and you can get everything they have beauty shots I think they call them and you go and you get shampoo and shaving cream and things like that in a beauty shop and you have to walk I found one on the damrak which is the big main street that runs through the whole downtown area and but as far as far as I like a regular drugstore forget it because the apothecary carries only drugs or you can go to the cafes where they carry drugs too but a different time yeah I think that's one of the reasons that they don't care about the food they're all stoned out of their mind that is what they didn't taste at anyone that's whatever anyway speaking of stoned out of their minds w's news revamping its format it says hopes to fuel competition in talk radio with its new lineup which includes two hours of TV news from wplog channel 10 so the thing would seven I guess fell true gonna be 10 and are gonna do a simultaneous with channel 10 boys that prophetic f i p m right I didn't even know about this part simultaneous one and a half hours of news from five to six thirty a channel 10 spokesman says the TV station will receive no money from the broadcast wnws will broadcast its own advertisements during the TV news isn't at a great way to program afternoon drive to simultaneous TV news from five to six thirty in a middle of the afternoon father news people must be done they must have cleaned out that and because we're gonna talk in the morning and that's what they're gonna do for news in the action that all the days people must be gone but anyway this starts the thirty first I guess a couple weeks I'm gonna just chuck it in because I can't compete for a bit I'm just not big enough to compete with w haha what's the part of time I think I was but since I lost his way I just don't think I'm in her league anyway the mornings Alice ran tell it wasn't this one Carlos Codos your hands away with words doesn't he he says our intel who host a hard afternoon talk program that's not what I hear out from two to six p m will move to morning drive at least try just about everything else okay he failed miserably in midday when I had a nine he had a what a two something and then he went in afternoon and the Steven Stan of both kick crap out of all over the place and Steve just destroys him now especially in demographic son of the age of a honoree and now he's done morning drive six to 10 a him heading up what Dennis Collins calls a blend of news talk whether in sports ran tell we'll still tackle issues with guests but the program will be lighter could how could Alice be any lighter than he already had more entertainment values you're gonna do the show in the year Alice will do the show in suspended animation okay that's how light it's gonna be and ran tell will be joined by sidekick Charlie matters really Charlie matters is the most affected son he's got that kind of like Ron St. John thing he doesn't have Charlie matters currently a news anchor he's going to be the sidekick great is that an original idea or what what would it come up with a tackle we'll see there'll be news from nick Lawrence no Nick Charles sports from alum barto and traffic from Dave Slater the change puts rent up against curday and morning drive leader Mike Ranaria Wild I'm sure Mike is just the penis pay the lessons right now is the question wow and then when we come back after the news break will go over the rest of this incredible like I said it's like taking an old dented cards and flipping them around a little bit like picking them out of a head like Tom Burst says the rate of Henry Barrel ladies I thought a Henry a lot in Europe you know because they don't drink the water they drink a lot of water and a lot of wine man age suck up that wine like it's going to be a style Henry's got the 11 o'clock W. I have the news look up back at 11.05 and we'll eventually get to some of your calls when we're good in ready looking nobody knowledge that way is born out for make you pay the lessons tonight a new shop video sixth year. Double U. I for you gentlemen you're managing as far as jokes about be eligible. Incredible. If I got here, they're going to redo my rush more and it's between what's your name, Arlene Raw and Debbie Ellis for the new one. Okay, 13 passed away with a WID. We want to tell you about Toyota of Hollywood. We keep telling you that the game is. Okay, so 1115 at WID. We're going to miss Bob and Florida. Aren't we? No way, the minute. You have a copy of today. Is that today's law? Yeah. We do. Now, and the log too. Now, the entire web and shows I did. I never had a copy. Don't you understand? But I do not count. I know. I've bitched to mone on the ear like you do. You don't count. I didn't get any. What is it to understand there? I guess it's a lot of people. A lot of people have said the maces I've been back. The bird was fine, but he's got a swell hit. No, I got no. Why didn't say that? I didn't. I just, well, you is. It's got a button town. Is that so? I got no swell. I can't do something to this spell. It's room. Well, you've got to develop a certain degree of humility. Well, that should prove it right. Part of it should be that you don't get a law. No. You don't get much of anything. No. I bitched to mone on the ear. You remember the people I heard you had on. I think it kind of fits. Anyway, it's 11.16 in WI. What did I say? I got one. Oh, yeah. I can't get over it. I can't believe it. It's been all those spots on there. No, that you have a copy. I just don't understand. Jack, oh, you know, you can't sell a new Roger show. That's what they say at that other place. So they're, are they still on the ear at WI and Z? Is that still on? Yeah, they're ripping us. They got promos on people who were calling last week, They're ripping us. You know, that we're cackling and making all those boo. They run the browser. Isn't that a shame? I haven't heard it because I don't know. I don't want to rub it in. Okay. Because the books come out Wednesday and they're probably going to go even lower. But when the book comes in, then you get to scour. Okay. Everybody's listed except like the motivation station. And even they got a couple of parts that they showed up in this last trend. But in mid day, and this time slot, the same people who are ripping us, you know, that bitter girl that we swallowed over there, I swallowed it for five years almost. And I'm still choking on it. That's this frog in my throat. But anyway, they didn't show up in 25 to 54, which is the only demographic that, you know, advertises really care about unless they're selling prune juice. They didn't even show. They didn't make the cut. They had like less than a point five in 25 to 54 mid day. Fifty thousand watts non-directional. And their FM, which is 100,000 watts, is in the ones. It's in the old spit house. Isn't it? I think it's in the high ones, isn't it? Well, I wouldn't have carried away mid. I don't have a swell head, by the way. I didn't say you did. I said that the scottle butt is that you're just getting a little carried away. You need to be shot down a little bit. Carry the way doing right on now. I mean, anybody that would put blind mic and Paul Harvey, Junior and Brian Epstein on or whoever the hell I'd be very Epstein. I didn't put him on. I just wasn't on the phone. Hey, Dave. Yeah. My head closed. And all I knew never guessed who want to race in Culver yesterday. And we want to congratulate the Gwenda Jackson or Michael Jackson, whatever the hell our name is. Her first ride. Oh, well. The name of the horse is Ed's Hope. And that horse, of course. It's not out of the gate. Let all the way and one and a desperate drive. She had no whip. First ride. I don't know how many rides they'd go before they get a whip. Probably a silver call. I mean, it'll give them a good excuse. But she won her first mile. So she would retire now. She would have with a perfect record. One or one. That's great. When something Jackson Jackson Ed's Hope, you should pay attention. I was thinking about it. But he had no chance. Yeah. See, he paid only other dollars or something like he just don't give it. Okay. So 1119 we covered the changes in WD's snooze, which I find it would be just a pawling. And I think you're going to be one of the biggest jokes in history in Calerius. Alice in the morning. Oh, he'll imagine waking up to that whining sound. No. I won't. It's a matter of fact. There and to you. But one Carlos Coto, going to have one of the best senses. Yeah. He says Alice hosts a hard act of life for that. That one. There hasn't been anything hard on that program since they've been. I had Jerry Butler on on the phone. The portal guy. I think that they could have been an exception. So we got to channel 10 news on. Oh, God. Dennis, you read on it baby. You read how to do it. When's now what time does the book come out Wednesday? I don't know. Do we know? Is somebody going to let us know? We're probably getting a little message. Somebody will run in. And also, you know what I'm hearing everywhere, but not not this album. But I'm hearing Dion music everywhere. Yeah. Everywhere. There's a new video on VH1. The N-A-U-S-S-S-L. And the night stood still. It's great. Really? Wonderful. I played it the other day. I saw it on VH1. Oh, you'll never guess who they have on tape on Sunday. That way you already know on Waxy Sunday night. Ricky Tickie. Every Sunday. And he was doing the most out of notches talk up. He did when he asked today a Saturday garp Uncle record. What the hell record was it? I don't remember which one it was. But it was the most disgusting. He took a word. He made a two-shillable word into like 10. He made a two-shillable word into like 10. He made a two-shillable word into like 10. He made a two-shillable word into like 10. He made a two-shillable word into like 10. So it was a ragged out. Only Ricky Tickie. Oh, he's disgusting. That was the interesting thing on the bridge. He had a word. And the night stood still on VH1. It says, you know how it says. The name of the artist and the song and the album and the bottom left and quarter. Yeah. It says, the end of moochy. Bezier. Yeah. And that was interesting. I wonder what that is because he doesn't say the end. No. The mucy on his album. Yeah. This is the end. Mahl's fight out. He'll call in one of these days. Okay. Good. Anyway, it's 21 past 11 at WOD. We might take some calls for you soon, huh? Now, that guy on the forest. He's still there. Hello. Who is this? This is the animal. What does that mean? What does that mean? I don't know. That's what my name is. The animal? I've called before he left. Talk to Bird all the time. Well, that says a lot. I just want to be the first one to welcome you back. Yeah. Good. Thanks so much. And you've got to stop ripping on bird. You're doing a great job. I didn't rip on him at all. I had to leave. You did a fantastic job. All I said is he had a lot of chronic and he admits this. You know, because he does it out of spite. He has a lot of people on every year that I can't stand. He does it every time I go away. Cool. There's it purposely. It's not by accident exactly. But when you left your show, you left it in good hands. But it didn't seem came. Oh, how did Steve show go with all this? I've still it. No. We're got about that. It was awful. It was terrible. He was a total jerk. Cool. Which guy is that? Guy talking about terrorists. Oh, Felipa. Yeah. Listen, that's the day that I left town. Okay. On that Thursday. Terrorist. Driving to the airport. Now, I'm listening. You can't understand a word that I know. I mean, forget about his obnoxious philosophy. But you can't understand a word that he said. I know. It was terrible. Well, listen, I really appreciate it. And I'm all you've been on there a long time. Yeah, I've been waiting. You called. I said, I'm already on hold. You're not going to ask you one question. Whatever it is. What are the charges that screen follow coming in? Well, I couldn't have time this better if my life is going to turn on. That's spot is coming up right now. It is break. Great. And if you listen carefully, I'm not going to promise you'll figure it out. Do your best. Play from G on for your lunch. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. Yes. Speaking of lunch, we got pineapples coming at 11.30. About seven minutes. Good. So I better do this break. Here's a little thing from the fact machine from Jeff from Pisa Loss. They welcome me back. And here's another thing from Alan somebody that I can't read. I wonder if it's Alan from Cooper City. Alan, you're up on a show. No. That's what I need to add. And look at this. It says, don't worry. It says, Ed, every day makes me pee. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll go along with that. That's cute. I like that. Okay. Let me do turn on now. Now listen very carefully. You already know. But it doesn't share and look cute. She has that answer damage. Look, although dressed much better than they do. They don't dress that well over there. Believe me. They dress so badly over there. Wonder why? Poorly. Like I said, if you want to go to Europe as a curiosity. Mm-hmm. And it is fascinating once in a lifetime. Do it. But if you want to go. Now I don't want to make it sound like I didn't have a good time. It was at a great time. But I'm just talking about people who are planning a vacation. Go to Hawaii or go to Vegas. Okay. If you want a long plane trip. Yeah. Oh, that plane trip. Go over there. It's eight hours. And it's not that bad. It's long, but it's not that bad. But coming back nine and a half hours. And going to Orlando with all those smelly little kids doing all their business. And, ah, I could watch like five movies and they showed four movies. Yeah. And I didn't watch either one of them because there was nothing that was interested in. Mm-hmm. And I couldn't sleep. And I couldn't read coming back. I just sat there and I just kept looking at my wand. Watchin' it. Oh, look at this. I only got six and a half hours and a 50 minutes of go. I'm sick. Okay. Okay. Now listen. This is all messed up. And of course, this is the way I like it. Okay. Pineapples was going to be here at 11.30. Oh, look at that. 28.5 pounds. 11. Perfect. And they're bringing the food in right now. Is that great? That's the way we like it. I mean, I don't want to sound pushy. But we don't like being promised lunch at 11.30 or 11.00 clock. And then have somebody show up at 11.30 or not at all. Remember that one ringer? Come back for a minute. Anyway, listen to this from the facts machine. This is going to get Nick Epipetic. Dear Neil, I've complained you before about Saturday's best show. You said you had nothing to do with him. I don't. And I don't want any. I don't want to be connected with him. Okay. So I had a bother you about them lately. The past Saturday show though was so abysmal. There was no way I could let it go. I was looking forward to hearing the rebroadcast of the Dion show since I was out of town on vacation when it was originally on. But Saturday during the first hour, they ran part of it. The second hour was a completely different show. Then the third hour back to the hour. That's right. I heard the same thing. Someone told me. Oh, that says the mix is they play the hours out of order. And figures said we can crewmen. They are like brain dead. Yeah, God. God. It says it was such an abortion. It could have been a topic on the cane show. It says was that Nick had died the one responsible for this mess. If so, he should switch careers and become a butcher because he sure butcher the Dion show. What a puss. Well, Alan, I hate to break the news to you. But he wasn't here on running the board. So he's not the one that played it out of order. Okay. He was ripping sand made your mercilessly on Friday. Hmm. Is that true? Was this Steve ripping the hell out of Stan again on Friday? Yeah. Oh, what? See, I don't understand that. There probably come another little message from Nick. Look at all this food. This is great. Probably see a lot of old friends from around the building in a few minutes. Ah, yeah. A couple of weeks. No, wasn't a nice of a deal to come in here and she gave me a welcoming home kiss. I don't even get that. And she offered to give me another soda or whatever was incredible, wasn't it? Hmm. It says, oh, Stan was ripping Steve when he was on Glenn show and Glenn did not stick up for Steve. Is that what's going to be? Is that true? I don't say anything. I let this do. It's like something in the first way. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like little kids. I don't remember. But I think I just let him go. You know. He was ripping Steve. Little about, um, I think a little bit. He was ripping everybody. Not for Sam. Yeah. Okay. Ripping everybody in town. Well, Alan, I'm sorry that they did that to you, but I have nothing to do with it. The best of to me. You know how I feel about the best of shows they should take those and put them in the time capsule with Larry King's checkbook. Okay. It's 1131 at WIV. This looks like it's going to really be great, doesn't it? Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to get pushed. You can start picking it up myself, but I don't want it to get pulled. Oh, Jesus. Don't forget if you go to Amsterdam, don't get to pizza. They've got all these pizza places. So you think that they know how to make pizza? They haven't got any idea. It has absolutely positively no taste whatsoever. Are you going to make a mess now? You're starting to rip and tear and pulse that. Why did you start out with little soup? I don't know. Why did you start out with little soup? Okay. Why did you just relax? I am relax. Everything is under control. When you put this down. I'm in the pool. I'm in the pool. I'm in the pool. I'm in the pool. I'm in the pool. I'm in the pool. This could be a little preview of a Debbie. Debbie, yes. It's going to be like Debbie shows going to be. The Debbie Ella Show is Debbie eats this town at a house in a home man. She's going to pack it away. Put us the shame. It's not sure we can't compete. No, we can't keep it. When she brings Larry, he can't on the beer side. Because wow. They're going to have to do the show outside. I don't think there's a building even the original wouldn't be big enough. What? All right. Let's have some silverware. Let's get this easier. Okay. The soup looks incredible. Oh, look at that. It's tomatoes, zucchini soup. Looks great. You love soup, I like soup. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to get Lucy Cooper to do recipes on a year while they ate. Wouldn't that be good? That'll Lucy. How Lucy. You're so wonderful, Lucy. Lucy, all the eats at those real high-falutin restaurants. No. No matter what restaurant you ask, go on. Have never eaten there. It's a little too low class for me. Look at this. What is that? Oh, stuffed shells. Look at this. Or they went nuts. Look at that pizza. You believe that? Sure. There's no answer to that, but you can't have everything. Oh, god. This is incredible. Anyway, it's 1134, WLMJ. We're going to start. Do we take a call? We took the one animal. That was the only one? Yeah. Jolly, when you say thank you so much. This is an incredible spreader. Really is. Thank you very much. This is taste. Let me get some soup. This is a real taste. That's good for my throat too. Yeah. That's right. Anyway, speaking of good food, let me talk about Trapper's Valley, if I may. I think I saw some people dancing. It all is good. Anyway, pineapple has brought lunch today. It's one of our new sponsors. There are five, thirty. Arthur got a P. Road, Miami Beach. So they're like right over on the other side. You know, got the road a piece. Great. And they're open seven days a week, 11 a.m. The 10 p.m. And they have all kinds of natural great stuff. For that's we need more of those players to miss town. Okay. It's 11.37. What do you got Sharon? Bruce Lanceter. Well, I know some people have called him Bruce. It says though folks have captured these ABCs still refused to confirm the impending switch to hot talk at WLH Chicago. Word has leaked at WFLA Tampa afternoon. Tom Coast Bruce Lanceter. He's a long-term deal. The anchor of Major WLH day par. Well, that's a Bruce the best of luck to you. You know, the real is, yeah. Yeah. 222 new. Good day. Yeah. Bruce. This is him. Look at me. If that one he comes on here with Debbie Ellis. And Larry, can't you imagine it? They'd have to rent Joe Robby's party in my forb. And Rick Weaver could do the play by play of the gigantic eat-off at lunch every day. Wouldn't that be great? Okay. Let's take a call or two. I don't know. I had something else I was going to do here. Didn't I? I don't know. We're eating the food from pineapples. The Mitch has got everything under control. He's already got a plate. Well, this soup is great. What is this? This is tomato zucchini's wonderful. Truly an HD. And it's thick. Yeah. I mean, it's not like water. It's got it's substantial. Yes. It's got something to it. Kind of like this show. By the way, speaking of shows, why do I continue promoting this incredible show that Steve has put together today? Dr. Roy pardon me for being homophobic master. Yeah. And Bob Cunz pardon me for being chronic. Yeah. And a special guest appearance by Aintie's John O'Neill who is rapidly getting into the ranks of the chronic. Okay. Sort of to welcome you back. And we got the Sonny on sports song tonight. Yankees in a white song today to clock. And that's good. I mean, no bush bing bang. So that's always a good night. Okay. 1139, let's take a call from Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hello Neil. Yeah. Welcome back. Thank you. I've compiled a list of things blended while you were gone. If you'd like to hear what happened. Now, this isn't going to be one of these sour grapes, Tattletail calls. Is it? No, no. I'm just going to set the record straight. Okay. First, don't let him blame Stan Major for the swimsuit show. That was not Stan's friend to Stan Roy along. That was a thing. Today's a land. That'll tell you when one of these is what it is. Go ahead, sir. I like it. The girls from the swimsuits store called Glenn Up and Cell. And so they wanted to come in and model some suits for him. Yeah. He drags Stan into his an afterthought. So it wasn't Stan's friend to Stan Roy along. What a version. Well, what's the true version? The true version. You're nearly, I don't like this kind of sign. You've got to know. You've got to know. You would outscow this show anyway. Don't normally about these people. Well, we will this time. And what's the way to minute? Wait, wait, sir. Or do you have a complaint about the show, sir? Well, you're blaming everything that you did on other people. You're blaming the show. Well, you're only going to learn that from me. Now, did you like the show? Well, huh? Did you tell him who else was in the movie? Did you like the show, sir? I know everybody's question, my pleasure. I know he had blind mic and he'll never forgive him for that. I say this inviting a blind person when my questions are. Excuse me. Answer my question. Just calm down. Why won't he answer my question? Because he doesn't know what it is. Our appapletic, when he just relaxs. What's the question? What's the question? How was the show boring? Okay. Two hours of listening to gling going, I'll go, blah, blah, blah and stand going. You just can't say who in the entire two hours. That's fascinating to me. It was so boring. So loyal, listener. Why did you go somewhere else? I just have loyalty to me or I couldn't change the dial. I see. Likely story. Okay. What's the next thing? He's invented a new chronic. The bastard lady. She called up every day. Yeah, right. What's he called? He calls on the ear now. On every day you are gone. I like the struggling lady. No, no, this is a younger girl. Oh. Can we imitate her? She's a new chronic. Oh, yes. She was counting down till Neil got back because I know once he's back, I'll never get on the air again. I'm glad. I'm damn sure. Ben's saying this guy listened to every minute. Every show. Leave him alone. I could go. I've compiled the list here. Go ahead. Okay. Fatherly was on the right. Oh, life. We're eating. Fatherly was on the way to kill some good time. Fatherly was on for that half to show. Not just one. Well, maybe an hour. It was an hour. It just seemed like after showing. It seemed like the whole show actually. It was not. And that was not my idea. That was. Sharon's idea no matter what you say, sir. Well, I don't know who's idea fatherly was. But I know what did I just say. What were the words that just came out of my mouth? When I can't trust you. All right. Can't you continue along? If we argue over each point on this, we'll be here. What is that? But you can hang up on this guy anytime. I'm not hanging up on him. Okay. I'll hang up on him when I'm good and ready to hang up on him. Your guy was right. Your head is getting sweaty. Tell me when I'm not. When I hang up on people. What is that? It's a kid's idea. Oh, that sounds good to me. I'm well. I have a little bit of, you know, everything. Go ahead, sir. You're really on a roll now. Go on. What a life this guy has. Ed was the first call every day. No, he wasn't because I heard Friday and blind Mike was before Ed. Okay. Maybe the little horse. But this guy Ed was like the guest chronic collar fame while you were gone. He had to be, you know, the first one on the line every day. Interesting. You were tindin every day. It's right at the beginning. That's right. What misses? And all these people crying about old meals coming back will never be on the air again. And Glen kept promising them. Don't worry. Leaving an August. That's right. Another week. And you can all be back on the air again for another week. Well, he's gone. And they were saying, oh, Glen, we love you so much. But like giving a chance to be on the air. Yeah. Is that it? That's it, Neil. Great job, pal. Thank you. I'll give you a call when you get back in August and let you know what happens. I don't like this. Yeah. I'm really impressed. I'm a really good. That's my favorite collar vase so far. If I'm 43 of Wild, let's go to all many from Candle is on a line. How you doing, man? Yeah, you doing great. Yeah, you never have chronic son when you're here. And right. Welcome back, Neil. Man he's not chronic. He's just sick. Right? Well, kind of. I guess if you define sick. Hmm. The pen pray you define it. I'm going to cry to hear you back. Well, thank you so much, man. The listen, don't listen. I can go out. Last guy. I know that you know the coin does a great job when you're away. Look, I, you know, I'm so glad I didn't take any calls for an hour and a half. Cause I don't want to spend the whole week here. I didn't like say before I went away. I don't want to hear this. Well, I know. I'm just always wondering why does a fine job. I think that was a joke. We're busy eating, okay? I know that. Neil, relax. If I didn't think he did a great job when I went away. I had somebody else feeling like a L's Rubin or somebody, you know, that green. Green. Why can I ask you to? I'm fond of it. Yeah. Was that a shot when he first put me on the arm? Glad you don't have any chronic sound when you're here? I didn't. Said my name? No, he, he's mellowed out on that one now. He really meant it as a shot. But since he said something nice about him, he changed his mind. Well, I never say anything bad about him. Whatever. And you never too late to start, sir. Well, I'm going to say one nice thing. And then I'm going to go, Neil, welcome back. Yeah. Gladiol, I love you. And Glenn, switch up. Okay, man. You're late, Neil. Hi. And was that a shot at the end of the? I don't know. Don't worry about him. Okay. They're just a more idiotic in Cific Cause. And in fact, what happened all those carts we had there under in Cyncle? Under in Cyncle? Another, you know, under singles? Another third world moron. Not many, but the one in the world. The one before man. Is this the rack that the blind might put together? Yes. Barn, right? Did the rack. Believe you had him in his studio. Boy, you are really sick. I do not give him a mic. Hmm. I can do anything I want to do when you're not here. You can. That's what you always told me. You can. No, it's true. I don't pay any attention. I'm sorry. I didn't think about this place for one second. Exactly. I had a man, I made his law. Look at his, the food came in. Look who just happened to water into the building now. You know, this is getting ridiculous. He's a, he probably could be WLs. I thought, that rich in fat, dead, and stereo. He did that to me one day while you were done. The food came in all of a sudden. He's been doing this a lot lately. Okay. That rich. This soup is so good. Guys, that's good. Yeah, really is. And I need, um, I think another spoon. Are we still haven't found out what time the numbers are coming on our Wednesday? Have we? Nobody came running in here and said 10 30 or want to clock already. Okay. So stay and see you are a fewing a little bit a little bit just a little. Yeah. I have to tell you, I was going to really do it. They're going full Friday. They're jumping head over shoulders right into it. And W's news is, um, re-shuffling and recycling the same old crap. Thank you so much, Rich. And then interesting that Rich has his own spoon. Ha ha ha. His own bowl. His own trough as he comes wandering into the studio. Okay. Just wait for a little cue and excuse to come in and now he's going to go nuts. Too bad there's not more soup. The soup is really great. But there is like about 400 stuff shells there, which I'm sure will. Okay. 1151. Yeah. I don't know what you want to do. This is a case of deer, which he's in mushrooms. Oh, incredible. I got one. Pineapple. Yeah. They're great. Peace. Oh, okay. Hmm. What is that good? Hmm. So that's a new format of W's news. They're going to eat on the air. Ha ha ha. Alice is going to be a not so hard in the morning. It says. Whether which one or he can deal with with no problem at all. Anyway, so let me think of two. Let's take a call from Ian in Miami. Hello. Where and then the odd days. I did my homework, but. Oh, good. Right. Tell me what that is. Good answer to that you had. No, I can't say that. All good. Control. But you had something to do with. It comes to that. I'll call you later and talk to you about. Oh, no. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You'll catch me also. You're done. It's. Try it Ian. Do it with a shot. Go for it. Now don't do it. I'm busy. I don't want to mess around with a dump. I don't want to mess around with a dump. I want to mess around with a dump. So why? What do you want Ian? You're chronic. I just want to tell you about the helmet that's. Or it gave me. It comes out of the. I like this. You told me about to fight. Oh, I've been. Is that right. Master's in there? Oh, I've been a butcher for a little bit. But why? I'm. How about this? You think that. I've got a butcher for a little bit. I've got to do something. I'm on the. I know you want to talk to Roy. He could straighten you out in a hurry. I'm not sure necessarily which way I'm talking about. He could straighten you out. I could give him some ideas. I'll do it. By the way, I ran away. I'm going to say good. I'm not. I'm not. Making. You know, you're right. You don't have any colleagues when you're here. It's this one. You don't seem to understand. This is this is the aftermath. You go. I'm going to take me. So Friday will you go away. To. What? What? What? Friday. The bird leaves on his vacation. He's going to be gone a week in a day. Yes. And I can actually come in and talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about. That's right. All of my Friday probably won't want to talk about the cups at all anymore. Are they doing it or what? I love him 50. I love him 50. I like to. I met. So somebody passed out behind his room, and they got up and then went home. So, the morning was all ready to Sponge Black. He kept talking for the morning and studentsucking and best learning for the year. So he got up to dining foreln blihted, because he was 1,000 times doing less piling. I'm happy to read the news and play so bad in the last 7 hours. Of course, he has the experience of acting. But good enough to get to work here and get that stuff. That's not. All day I thought I was supposed to just get a chestweight chest." Oh. Boy. I have never seen any. I'm not exaggerating those people are crazy. I know you're not. They don't care if they hit you or not. It just did out of my way and good luck to you. Our driving test was a vacant lot. We drove in the vacant lot. They said, fine. If you want the job here. They couldn't find people to drive. I've got a little tip for avert in terms that feel compelled to rent a car. Oh, don't do it. Okay. The deal is, did you notice in France they have yellow headlights? I didn't. I wasn't in France. Okay. In France they have yellow headlights. And in driving at night, this is the only way you can get back at your opinions. If you really get teed off and that is to rent a car for either Germany or Holland or one of the white headlight countries. And driving a France at night. It drives the drivers nuts. It can't take the white headlight. Now the yellow headlight is a great idea. It's really soft on the eyes. But the many you drive in the country to white headlight. You watch all the other guys order them around the road. If you have one that stays on a road that sticks with you, you can always hit your high beams. Not a githom. Rots pretty exciting. Well, when you're driving bus in Europe, what else you got for entertainment? Yeah, you're right. You're going to come. Okay. Another comment I had was Metro Bus drivers test final exam. Have them rent a car in Paris and drive the Amsterdam. So we enter these in no dense than they pass. Were you having a good an Amsterdam? Yes sir. Can you believe that driving? Well, the best thing is doing Amsterdam is rent a bicycle because bicycle has the right away. I took a cab. Better I didn't realize how close it was. But I took a cab from the central station in my first hotel. Which I could have walked only. I was slipping a big heavy bag. And this guy, he was going the wrong way on one way street. I mean the street just go all over the place over there. They're just in every way straight. Is Roy in need of therapy in there? What is his world? Well, one way street. No, no. One way street means as long as you're going on direction. I mean, as long as you hit the street first. Yeah, I went down one way street to wrong way with the bus and people wanted to be for. But sometimes you have to do this. And the best thing like on the damwack that big wide street. They've got trolley cars. They've got regular cars. And then they got all the bicycles. And I got news for him. And crossing the street is an adventure just unbelievable. All the most fun is his in France. He course he didn't make it in France. The traffic circles in France. Can Roy hear some of the food? Oh. What the food down there? Does the food have any smell to it? Can you believe this here is this promo phobic right wing maniac standing in the studio there? He came in and he wanted to come in for my food. Right. He didn't want to get on it first. That's right. It's only one of them. I just did. You know, come in. Whatever you want. I don't know if that's bad. Rich will put a plate together. If you don't have to come in and maybe you're here and here. Okay. I want to meet you. Okay. Well, listen. It's good talking to you. Well, I had one question for you. What's the question? And that is I have relatives in Europe and I have a European VHS tape. Okay. Now of course I'm not able to see that on the American. No, it's that's over here. I was wondering if somebody knew where I could get that. Or if it's possible to get it converted to an American VHS tape. So we can. Well, I'm sure one of our experts will call in. Okay. Probably be pretty boring, but I'm sure somebody will call in. Have a nice one. All right. Thank you very much. Okay. I'm 57 a WIOD. Sure, glad we started taking these calls. I'm not sure. They've been incredible. They have been great. Especially, uh, Ignoss from, uh, Kindle or whatever he's gone. Man, he's not a control isn't he? Which one? There were several other control. Whatever that's the E and whatever his name. Oh, E and E and E. Out of control. Oh, yeah. Well, he may mark grace baseball cards. I think they're going to be a threat affecting your brain. Uh, four waterdale. Hello. Yeah. Welcome back. I really, really missed you. But bird did do a wonderful job. I'm sure. But I have a suggestion for you bird. You should do like a, uh, instead of best in the one Saturday, you can have like a radio retro effector and just talk about everything that was going on in radio 20 years ago. Because for I can't believe what I've learned in the past 11 days about what radio was like down here with Joey Reynolds and the father of the, Dan and Brian Mike and all these, all these, it was like a, like a museum of radio history. That was really pretty fond of it, but it was alright. Uh, and I'm really a trauma hawk, but I think with your, your best, yeah. She was very nice. She was a guest for a few minutes. She even though Henry kept in there. Is there anybody this must have been like this, Stan Major show anybody who is breathing he dragged in his early unbelievable. And, and he have no idea the ones I said no to if you had any clue how many times I said Todd and, um, Washington here at all. Well, he'll be very kind of here. And the name. There you are. When when when she wait, wait just a second, sir. Wait a minute. Todd is history. What about Ross? Please don't hear. I don't know. Ross is here. I don't know. I'm happy with his better than none. Okay, what if I haven't got any idea what you were talking about, but have a great one. Okay. Well, I just want to say one thing before I hang up. Can I? Yeah. Um, the day right after you left, I'm sorry I took me to the wrong to get there, but we went to try hard. And I had to wait all this time to call you and thank you. It's a great place. Great. And right master, you're a captain. Okay. Bye. Wow. Who's doing it? Who's doing it? Who's his label? No, April 5. Here, Todd is right there. April 1st, 26. Oh, April is not here. Well, April would be doing it. It was right now, but I got a lot of catching up to do. Yeah. We'll be there. I don't go any better than I go, Bert. Okay. Call of 5 at WIOD and these calls have been just something else. Yes. I don't want to say one. I'll let you go. Can we go to the open lines? I'm not going to give the numbers out. I'm not going to dig the five of the audience. By giving the numbers out? No, don't. We haven't done that long time. I didn't give it out in 11 days. Really? Never. Never. Well, I'm sure that those people you had called in really needed the numbers. Like I said, let's do it. You don't have any kind of it. It's only me. Just like that guy said. Oh, exactly. Thank you. Okay. Let's have a look. Here's a call for you on one. Hello. Hello. Yes. Thank you for going on. Who are you speaking to? Can I talk to me or to Glenn? We're both here, man. We're both right here. I know you are, honey. But who am I talking to? Yeah. You're right. I'm John. Moved for the book. How about? Yes. That's the ironic trick to you. So, I'm not having to be here with a plan. Yes, man. Here I want you one. What do you want? What do you want? Give it out. Yes. Yes. This is me. This is me. What is it? Me too. Okay. What? What do you want? I'll say it. You're laughing like a high name. I have been in it. It sounds awful. Man, can I suggest something to you? Drop dead. Who? Who? I knew that one at all. It's like that on a year. 1207. It's WIO. That like I said, I didn't have any of that caliber. Boy, give it off. Okay. Ha. What's by her a gold plate at NM of bag? And while I was in next week or the week after she can listen to Debbie I was during these hours. That's right. Debbie, I'm going to be disturbed by the sound of people laughing. Have it a good time. Yeah. It'll be Debbie Ellis. So boy, she's something else, man. We're going to have a real and see if again, Sandy. I don't know if he's ready for that. Anyway, did you take care of where I'm at? Should I put something special on it? What a maniac. Okay. He asked, what? Get him out of here. Some goddamn nerve. Keen's guest coming in here two hours early. And he wants to suck our food up. Okay. Unheard of. Yeah. If I handled it, yeah, I put something real safe. What the fuck are you? Okay, Roy. I don't know if we're just everybody, but for you, there's a special sample in there. Okay, Roy. Oh, asshole. Okay, let's go to look up in a creek. Hello. Hi, Neil. Welcome back. Thank you. This is Donna from Puckin' to Great. Why are you doing, Donna? I don't want to be single, so you don't hang up on me thinking on the other Donna. No, I know better. I think she got in. I got through with Glenn that one day on the white and the white and the white. No, like, around one day, yeah, she got in. Yeah. You mean, she's still listening? Yeah. What a shock. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. Yeah, I couldn't believe it. Hey, yeah. Go ahead. Did you tell Neil, we don't have to worry about Steve listening. We confirm that. Oh, yeah. Steve doesn't listen. You know, it was all. That's why I learned. Really. Yeah. Never listen to the heat of heavy, obsessed with Sandy. Well, how's he going to listen to Sandy, which he's on opposite. I know. Don't hold him here the first hour. I don't know what he's going to do, but we did all kinds of things. Well, you know, this show just isn't up to Steve's caliber. I'm just saying, Steve is into that contract, not to the mercy. He's big at upboard. And all it gun control and homophobic lunatics. He's, you know, he's thinking of these same three or four things. And his life revolves around us. We just don't deal with that here. Okay. So we don't have anything here. This Steve is interested in. So he will be learned, which we can say anything about him. We want to. Really, he's oblivious. No idea. No one would hate him. So that was a good thing to learn. Yeah. And go ahead and let him in. Hmm. Go ahead. Make sure you watch that channel. Movie time. They've been so in check. Oh, I don't have that on my table. Oh, well, maybe I could take some for you. Okay. Okay. Well, that's about it. I'll welcome back to you. Thank you, John. Glenn, you were great. And we'll be listening. You're in token of courage. Okay. See you. Bye. Twelve-on-nine. Sharon, please. Are you coming in here? I need you to tell something, Uncle Neil. About one. About Dick Favilly. I'll need you. Heard to confirm. No. I don't want to hear about Dick Favilly. No. Only Roy Masters in here. Give us dirty looks. And to jump up and down. Waiting. He's limp-raced. And then the beg for food. He wanted to meet me. He came out early because he had to have a job off some of his books instead of the last time he had on C-washed the door. Tell him that what's up. He was in coming in here. I'm sorry. I said, would you like to do that? He's pathetic. He's pathetic. He's tragic. Who's the idea was to have Dick Favilly on the show. Oh, isn't he? He's a guy that doesn't have sex with his wife. No. He's been so interesting. Oh, he's been so vulnerable. After looking at him, I can understand why. Sharon. Tell Neil, who's idea to have Dick Favilly in here it was. She's a grand-fangereen, then. Oh, Sharon, tell him, please. This is so juvenile man. It's so childish. Are we have to... Wait. Something about your own hand. He's not great. Why do you think he wanted to get one? If you missed the Neil Roger show yesterday on 610Wild, if you missed this. Is it the bird? Yeah. Bird, how you doing? Okay. You mean if you were to play anything? Because I can't understand listening to you. You sound like a douchebag. Do I? You just don't mean if you were to play anything. Or can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, god. You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yes, I have. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. You're not just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, god. Can't understand it. Why are you listening? I'm playing something already. Why were you answering? I'm not answering. You aren't saying it. You won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello? I remember that car. Yeah. Sounds pretty good. He'll probably call you today. I hope so. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi there. Yeah. I got to say, yeah, I'm alone town. Is there a radio station? First time I recall again. Really? I didn't mean to say that I've been listening to me. I just turned off. But it's the same old story. Going back to listening to it. I don't know why. I got to say, is that you want me over? I'm being a little bit of a love you show. And I want to tell you, like, when this one hello finds out less. No question about it. We're going to take a poll on me. Wanna call? Yeah. He did a fine job. When I am beginning to enjoy the station. Well, great. It takes about six months to two, three years. Yeah. And it really starts growing on you. Didn't take that long. Kind of like a tumor. But take care. This is Mark from Kendall. Okay. Mark. Okay. Mark's not going to be pressed. Yeah. Yes. Whatever it is. It's all here. It's been a nice. I'm finished. Okay. But Dick finally. Why did you do that to me? Sharon, that was so cruel. By the way, you're going to me? Here's his resume. You want to give that to Steve? You can't get on me. I wasn't feeling. It's a 12 minutes past. No, we want to say about. Would you just calm down and relax and chase? You're taking 10,000 to food out of here. Give the bones to fatherly. I mean, I do master. Same different. Okay. Toyota of Holly was the horrible boy. This is great. This is frozen yogurt from pineapple. Which I didn't mention because dinner break had the copy. That they do think your delicious columbal light. No fat frozen yogurt with no cholesterol. Only 95 calories in a four-round serving. So it's like that's right in there. Doesn't it? It does. Well, no. Because we're eating. Are you having a head of me? Would you like some? No. I'm just in shock over that log. I'm sorry. It'll take me a minute to bring the other log. Incredible. I never saw one of those when I was a kid. That's what Ramancer said too. It's 16 a WIOD. And here's a call from Boka. Hello. Let's go to the call on Rani Zamora. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Could I help you? Yeah. So it's just three simply two dim. What did you say your name was? Tell me your name, Barry. Barry. So that's your name, the other gentleman. This is that. That's a daily. For Ramancer that way, daily. I've been totally serious. They're what is your name? That was Ruby. Okay. 1217 and WIOD. We'll talk about an oldie, but goodie. Your was that? Was that a pain? Was that a woman? Or he was on vacation? Mm-hmm. Or I should let it go. Because it was from this station. I thought he was playing something from a long time ago. I was like a team. He was last week. Alice, Rubin was on? You betcha. That's unusual. Isn't it? See, I don't understand what is with you people. But this chronic thing. It's not a joke. It's like a death now. It's like a death wish. Chronic, man. Chronic. And I've let two or three go here today who won't be on again for months. Like Ian? Trust me. Chronic. And even though who is the other one? Oh, he's, I don't want to say it. He's very sensitive. Man, he and Kendall. He's a good guy, but he's got a little bit chronic. Hasn't he? A little bit cry. What's it going to say? But he's very sensitive. So I don't want to get him upset. Across the street. Hello. Hello. What does that mean? Hello. Hello. Here. Or is this? Who are you calling, sir? I'm not. Why don't you have such a series of mischiefs? I'm calling me. What are you speaking to him, sir? Right now. Yeah. I'm a kneeling from way way back. Great. And I call the comment. I'm almost the least at the final. Sir, Glenn Hill was on his side because they came in place of the King. Yeah. And he was cool and fantastic, but one more comment. Well, we don't want to hear it. So I'm so sick of this man. I told you before I went away. I mean, I put up a little bit of this crap. Well, you know, sat down here because I got a frog in my throat. And I'm recovering from Rome, which was a nightmare. But, you know, enough is enough. Why don't you people grow up? I don't hear it. Are you getting any of these? What does that mean? I don't like it. You know, see, that's the problem. We got these people spoiled. If they get something fine, if not, they don't really care. So like it wasn't the beginning when it was a big deal. And they used to get all excited. No, it's like, ah, you know. We got stuck coming every day this week. What do I do with that list? Oh, we got one. Oh, Arnold. Oh, little cheeseburgers come on right. It. And pizza loft on Wednesday and a spice sample, which is a new sponsor on Thursday. That's one of our own versatile sponsors. Spice that. But it's supposed to be a great place I've never eaten there by any other. We'll have a chance Thursday. And Wayne's plots on Friday, which goes without Sam. Hmm. Hmm. Ah. Okay. It's the 12 19. And it's nice to see that vet rich is really concentrating on that low fat, cholesterol yogurt. Isn't it? Hmm. How does the thing right there? Would be that said, forks spoon. We got the whole works there for you. Okay. Well, now what's the story with Todd? Is Todd? He was here. He finished? He's out? I think he's still here. He's still here. Well, Nick, what is a story, Nick? Nick said Todd is history. And the next thing I look up, and he was in there. The Dorothy, if Dorothy brews Todd out of here, boy, that's we're going to have a real brawl in this place. I took it right now. You know what I'm saying? Dorothy? We're put all our garbage in your newsroom. And I don't know me in the waste basket. Just in the middle of the room. Margate. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Is that you? Yeah. I know it. Okay. Hi, you do it. Okay. Okay. I know it. Wait a minute. Todd's on probation. What does that mean? What did he do? He killed one of the newspeople. Well, we had too many of many. I just wanted to tell you guys what he's talking about. You know, he got an apple lunch for wingsplats and all that. Yeah. I wanted to recommend the place. I'm over here in North Florida, a Margate area. Uh-huh. And we have a place over here called Rooster. Rooster? I'm not sure if I heard that. What is it? Another wingsplats? Yeah. Oh, in other words, it's a competitor for one of my sponsors. You want to give him a free plug, Nick? Yeah. You know what you try to say? I want. Is that what you try to do, Nick? That's all right. It's not going to give me upset. I wanted to do nothing. I want to give me upset, Nick? Do you recommend you to try them? Okay. And over here in time. Yeah. Why would you give me a drag on? I want to give the phone number. What's our number for takeout? Get out of here, Nick. You make me sick. 21 past noon at WIOD. And the rich is cleaning everything out. Well, he looks pretty good. I mean, look like he weighs a pound over. I want to say it. Miami. Hello. There. Yeah. How's it? How are you doing, pal? Good. You. Panestlighing. Well, what's going to be? Sure, sir, says he's on the stairs. And the show he's in today. For the officials said, thanks. Thank you women. We did. The esa. But does the judges break up. But who? If there is anything Dave will say? What does he have to do? I don't know about this. Well, if it really is to be kind ofgrundantyes is part of the CDA. Do we have to do what everything is. We need some of this? Ok, we have this. I haven't heard a shout for a purpose. He's been running out of our scouts. Who has the professionals for sports? I need their new team to deal with if we won then three Но soccerです. we talked about the news spike, we moved in and I would hear you driving. Go ahead man, if you didn't listen to the show, how could he hear Stan Riffing him so he would rips, oh that was, that was why I was at a town. I needed a whole bunch of listeners to call and and tell me all that, that they said the bird let go on endlessly. Wow, I don't, I don't, I don't remember that. I have a sandwich, everybody, you know, started baby, you got it. I didn't like that. He's been a million bucks a year, according to him, now you know, you want to. I spoke to Saul, yeah, because I couldn't sleep when I heard that. I had to call Chicago. Not true. No way, no, not even vaguely. Morning drive was paying a half a million. I mean, divide that by, divide that figure by about two and a half. Yeah, no, I know, that fraction of the reaction. Anyway, giving back, so what he'd make you think I don't listen to Neil? Oh, I didn't say Neil. Oh, you know, I'm doing this show. Well, I think I'm not part of the show anymore. I'm just getting this well, you know, no, it's out of control. A lot of things we would talk about and then you would come on it to a clock and make no, you know, obviously you didn't hear it, you know, like a lot of then we talked about the Spike Lee thing at the link to my Spike Lee movie. I'm not seen it, you know, I just, I just, I'm a bit of a right thing. I just saw a school day. By the way, there's a movie on viewers choice. Yeah. What the hell is the name of it about? What is it about? Because they're out in the snow and the sky is in love with this young girl and he's plotting with some guy to kill him. It's a strange. You must have seen it. I mean, I like that guy in the end. Yeah, it's on viewers to ever get a title with him. Who's in it? I know, but nobody of any know doesn't ring a bell. And the husband is plotting the killer's gun to go to collect the insurance policy. Doesn't ring a bell. And in the end, the guy drives that he sees the guy. They try to blow him up. He punches the dynamite and he blow the law. I know he's at now. I don't have to see the way. Oh, wait a minute. To finish. I don't think. I don't think you said that I don't was meant because no, well, so I'm it, I said to the show. But anybody know that they always be talking about Sandy, so I did. And Sandy said that and Sandy had this on. I will confess. I'm not going to say that. He's talking about the reception. I will confess that in the other absence. I didn't listen as much as I usually do when he was there. I never knew it. I didn't listen. But anyway, I have now you did they tell you that I had the whole story and the change on the WS line up on Friday before. I did with that. I have now the WS. How about the S. T. L. That I had very well as you know are attorney is a good owner. I already have a good one here for this and I'm going to write you probably say you're right. It's how long he's at the land? He's not. He's a wonderful attorney. He's a nice guy. He's a little confused with his baseball thing. There with his what is it? He's just, you know, he just opened a baseball card story and he's going to end up, when is he going to have time to be an attorney? That's what I asked him. When he's going to have time to handle it. Most of his practices were on you and he. Right. 11 o'clock at night till 3 o'clock in the morning with F. T. L. Signal of night. He is him. You're going to have to stay up and call him. He's different. I'm going to get any call. I said it's worth practice. For what? For not a normal Sunday. You know how it's easy. Come on Norm. Get a life. Will you please grow up already? Cut the crap. Not a long show. It doesn't fix. He loves her detail many days. You should get him. You should do this. I've heard you say, oh, many many. Yes. No one should do this. We're a living. Talk. Yeah. Roy Masters comes in. Oh, Roy is the best. He stands in that. He's looking in here and I make it all kinds of cracks. He wants to get at you. I mean, he wants. Yeah. I noticed that. That's why I want to drive these drafts to work today. He has his dinner with anybody and so long. He wants to get it anybody. Well, I don't know. That's what he had mine, but I mean, he definitely won't. He was fine. He made us give him some food. We've had the hold and dance there's with armed guards. He keeps saying, I want to piece in the, I want to get it Neil. I want to piece for him. He wants to, he wants to attack you. Right. Right. But anyway, I now you want the rest. I got so much great stuff today. I don't know where to begin. I mean, the rest of the story of the line of switch. The inside story from the inside the building. Yeah. Well, it seems that I hope this is better than most of your insight and I predicted the whole change before Dennis Collins won on the year. I was driving home. Listen, this happened driving home on Friday. Mr. Guy told us about going satellite in about how they were going to sign up. Guys, channel 7 in the morning. Well, so that was closed. That is sign up. Okay. And 10. They just switched stations on. You know, you know, 7 7 wise up. I, anyway, I still have one code of his line. It says, our intel who host a hard after them. Pro. In quotes. It's a little bit weird that we don't. Maybe you can never tell. Don't say that. Because, you know, one has a comes from a, the macho. Yeah. His backpack and he'll get very angry at that. They don't know. He won't, but his family get up tight. Anyway, let's take away his pink slippery. So I'm driving home from the station on Friday. You know, trying to figure out what the changes might be. And I get out of my car at this mobile station, put gas in the car. How it would take what? Three minutes. And I get back in the car and Dennis Collins is on the air saying, well, that's it. That's the exciting new thing. He was on with somebody from Channel 10. And he said, I know Debbie's got a dynamite show plan. So we are not going to take calls on these changes. And then this was the touching part Debbie gets on the air. And she says, well, she says, I guess that's it. She says, now you heard Dennis. I mean, we, we will not take any calls on these line of changes. And don't, don't attack me. I have nothing to do with it. She was like, this is associating herself real, holding hands. She says, these are not my decisions. I'm not in management. Don't get it. And I was trying to figure out what the hell it was. So I raised home and I called my two contacts that I have within the building. And I found out the new change. This is the interesting part. Sandy, that this is Emma. The Emma Sandy had been lobbying Dennis Collins very hard. She wanted the morning drive slot. Oh, yeah, he made not that I don't wake up. Yeah, he will get out of there. Not that I, not that I think she thought she do that much better against her in her area. But I think she just wanted to get it over with and then have the rest of the day clear. Something that she was warning in the role of time and meetings. And she was really pushing for it. And when she was pushing for it. Yeah, yeah, she wanted it. I mean, they were really both. Oh, I mean, she was what? I don't know. She was that too. Whatever. I don't know. She really wanted it. Anyway, she got, she really wanted it. And when she didn't get it, she was in a rage. She was outraged at the new line up and told a friend not only shout rage, but she's so discussed with the station now to put it in her words. She's just going to come in, do the show in the afternoon and leave. She's human and that head before having it. Yeah, now we just so discussed it. She said, that's it. I'm just washing my hands into mess. I'm just going to come in and get, so I think, well, like, what is she doing now? He's crying now. Trying what? I mean, she was down to like a tool. She was full of enthusiasm until this show. Where she have a one something? She was more excitement. But now the excitement will be gone. I guess. She's just not going to discuss it. Isn't it true Steve? That owl is like a night person, like a late night, like a night owl. He's really owns a, a, a ball of an eye. He stays like so that we stay with his leather jacket from what I'm totally. Yes, with an oil. That's his leather jacket. With an oil chest from what I've heard. I've used it just rumors. It gets me. You don't want to be getting another one of these letters, do you? What's that? Another one? You're not allowed to get that. What I think it is? This is a Mike Thompson letter. For you? Yeah, for you? Oh, I'm absolutely. But I thought how I don't know. I know what things I now didn't I hear him say or did I say on the year that I thought I heard him say on that family show that day that he was divorced last November? That's what that's what I heard. Oh, I heard you do. No, that's what you said. And I said it could have been wrong, but I thought this message had a girl. And it was a letter about how they want to retract. Is it a letter from Mike? It's not a permit. One of his attorneys, one of his many attorneys. And I said that he was uncontrollably homophobic. I'm not going to be cancel you for now. Oh, no, because it's not true. It depends. Exactly. But it's amazing how every time you mentioned his name, would you not have one of these live-insides? I don't know. I'm never mentioning his name again. I'm just going to refer to it. Some of these people who think they're like in a special little class over there, nobody can mention them. They're like in ivory now. But anyway, that's the bottom line of this is that if destroying radio stations and careers because I'll now is, I mean, he was nowhere. Now it's like, you know, I mean, it's like being vanished this idea. In the morning, he will never host. I mean, he'll never come close to it. It was pathetic. But the word is that if destroying careers and radio stations was a capital crime, Dennis Collins would be the Ted. Oh, the radio in this way. That is sort of stealing around a business. Well, it seems good after two years of telling everybody about these girls. Well, I don't understand. Okay, I'll prompt 39 at a WLG. I don't want to go through all that again. But you, if you heard the thing I'm trying to write, that was the real thing. That was the real thing. Here, that part. So what's this about you and Stan? I wasn't going to talk about this. What's it all about? Well, he evidently in my absence, he was ranting on and on again about being the number one and he was beating me with the highest rated. And I've been listening this crap for the longest time. And I just got on the air. Why is it crap? I will tell you. Okay. I know I can't get uninterrupted air time. But you can punctuate my little story. I'll never, or more. I got very ticked off on Friday. I was glad because it gave me a chance to set the record straight. The facts of Mr. Major's higher ratings, whether I'd been off the after three months, he had come on in my absence with you as a lead in. You are a fabulous lead in when you don't try to be like with me. Go with Stan. I'll wait a minute. How many times did he do we promote for him? You are worth no wait a minute. How much promotion do we give tonight's plan? Even on embarrassing days like today, what he's got Roy Masters and Bob Cling. Oh, the set of interest right here is month. They never, they have never faced each other. I've never had master's line. Oh, he's going to be in line in the same room. Yes. Yes. Now can Bob Cling? Well, I did it in the pocket of the book close and get his knee up and his razor, the possibility of it. And maybe put his hand on his leg. Plus Roy is now into exercise and I think he may exercise the evil process of even this thing about him not having sex with his wife for 20 years. If you look at the guys, so obvious why I haven't met him. You haven't met him yet. I don't know. Oh, well, you remember the mad professor with the white hair out and all directions? That's where he did in me. Really? He's so great on the phone with that English at a living wish. So it is big fatherly. Yeah. So is everybody got in Roy? Is no big fatherly? Where's that resume? I already gave it to Sharon. She's got the disresuming case. You need it. Can I finish this in Roy? Go ahead. I mean, since you asked, well, no, it's just what you're pushing on buying. If you want to do it, you're going to be doing it. There's not one or another. You're going to permit me to do it. This will definitely sound familiar to you. Okay. And I came back on, a stand on beat me, healthily in the ratings in the beginning. And a couple of months went by and towards the end of his career at W.I.N.Z. And especially if you moved, oh, what I started to say is, you're a, you do the normal thing for me as a lead. With stand, you have to show as you said in with him for two hours, you'd go out and socialize with a matter and that's all he would talk about. And he said, you, you were great. You said, when I over and above, over and above, the call of duty and promoting his show, which is the state of I stay in the middle. Oh, no, I'm not going to wait a minute. There was a little maybe a half a dozen times. Not many in a month. When no, in all of a sudden, he was out when Bill Carter was on at mid, then I talked about this before when I'm vacation. All right. When Bill Carter was on a midnight and I was doing a timid night, I stayed over at Heshal dozens of times. And the does help, I will would still, you know, it didn't help. He had 11 four at night. He beat the crap out of Wichner. Well, that's it. It's all on on that second. Anybody but I have the point is I don't, I'm just explaining to you, do I have to tell you that you did everything in your power to turn your whole audience to, oh, I'm not. So let's, oh, I did not. I'm less agree to the huge amount. You've got it backwards. Let's agree to the big women. You got a backwards. He did everything in his power to suck your audience. Exactly. Okay. And then you made it, basically, to do he played a lot of the same thing. Yeah, I think exactly. He ripped off your act. It's what he did. But you said that. I mean, it happens to be true, but you said exactly. Anyway, to get back to the, to get back to the, to get back to the, what did last, or he's in Chicago, and I'll make it run to the million. Right. You're, to get back to the meters story. Anyway, towards the last three months of dance to a rear, if I can bring this back into focus, every trend would come out. Stan was losing chunks of listeners. And I was gaining chunks of listeners. In fact, what I used to do is I would record in your, remember this. And I would record both you on Stan Show, the day the trends would come out. And we would take a little excerpts from the ratings and Stan would say things like, I'll eat a legal. Well, CC regular, he sold a lead, although it didn't take that long. I think you have like eight seconds before it gets to legal. For every, Stan would say things like, I don't want to talk about the book. There know the book is going. Was another just more and if another one after this, then I'll really start to, and every trend we would do this till at the end, Stan and I crossed. And I beat Stan at the end. And Stan was on a steady down trend in mine. Was up. That is a fact. Stan, in fact, between the two of us, got out just in time. Just in time, a just before a total collapse in disaster. And don't you remember how the press he was the last month he was on the earth? And you know what, get on the air. You would say, Stan, you know, he was going to show it. Boy, you know, one of your show is going down the red. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it. That we were on the deck. Right. And you're on wind, that was, so this, this myth that Stan, you know, won a constant prayer. I know what you'll stand showing. We all know what killed Stan and show. But the fact is he was not the king and the ratings of Anthony drive by the time he escaped. And that's the truth. And I'm tired of listening to Stan's, stop all that stuff. About how he always came and he beat me. The fact is he beat me good when I'd been off at three months. And then from the time I got back on the air was steady downhill for Stan. And he escaped before total humiliation or fairly. Maybe he didn't escape. That's what I think about. Boy, it's yogurt. So that just sets the record straight. You hear that Stan? But he's welcome on my 20 times to debate the issue. To debate what? I don't, whenever you want to debate. If I people to debate, because I want to, you know, to debate what? I'm to fight. There's nothing to debate. You're right. I'm free. I have to know. Oh, that's a different way. He's a walking human. Where's he going to fight? The next one I'm sexy. Yeah, you had it. The homosexuals that dirty filthy disgusting. How do he know? I don't know. How do he know? It must be from personal experience. I wanted to be called him up here. And you can ask. There were a whole bunch of an answer to him. And they all seem to go out cleaner and better look and then he is. What? I don't know. I don't mean to invite him up. I'm willing to share the wealth here. Come on. He's sitting there. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. It does. There's he's trying to get up. There's three people sitting on him. I bet he has a woman here. What do you mean? I don't want to. Something exciting might have. He's coming across. He had a hold of just getting his hands on you for five minutes. Now, bet. Come on. We'll take a lot longer than five minutes. I told him I told him you probably would not do it. Maybe you might have to settle for Bob Knoos. That's it. That's it. And it was great to have you back. Is it? Nothing personal. I mean, it was, you know, that was all I never thought about this place for one second. Not for a while. No, I know. Well, not for a minute. I don't know like that. I call every day when I'm on vacation. What? And I like to stay in Bob's show. I do. It's a little bit of a country. I don't do a family or leave that. Yeah. It's hard to touch basically. It's a sign of my mother to wish you a happy birthday from Rome. That's the only call I made. By the way, I could, I could have stared you away from Rome. Did you get robbed by Gypsy? No. Next time, don't ever go back to Rome. It's the, I wouldn't know. I would never go to Rome. But the food was great. If you would would you have been this? The hit Venice and now. Oh, that's where the Italy is about. Now there's like an Italy in three days. I got out of Rome. Oh, it's still a high moment. I don't even know. I don't think I got nowhere conditioning. They're all spits against sweating and they're wiping their foreheads and they all smell it. But can figure something that you hate to gypsies because if you spend more than an hour walking the streets of Rome, you will get raw your pockets. I did a lot of walking. We know problem. The only thing that was a little bizarre was having the military and oh, I love a street quarter with the machine. When you were talking about that, it took me time across the street and you think, geez, you know, they're looking at me real strange, but they don't pay any attention. You know, Lucy, everyone's got a news. Yeah. But I bet they don't have as much crime as we do. Probably not. Maybe that's a solution to the problem. Maybe you ought to call up your buddy sheriff Navarro and suggest that in Broward. We get up Broward shirts on every street quarter with Lucy's. It hasn't been the same with an issue. Well, I will say this. He still just is full of it now. He wasn't for I left. You know, it's just incredible. Well, listen, have a wonderful show. Oh, we will. We won. I'm going to be listening to that, boy. And I don't, you know, not, I don't know the man from Adam. Now, the last time was that when he had fondly on or was his master's one of them, it was fondly. He talked about me during the entire show. I don't even know the guy. Why not the guy was personal? I think he was just using him as an example. And whatever happened to his psychic readings, by the way, Dick Fondler, he was psychic readings. Or am I got him to do something? No, nobody else. Come on. Who's the other guy that you had on? It's fatherly. He used to be wasn't he on? I got him to use with the psychic. Who's on with Jerry William and so is Oh Gilbert? Oh Gilbert? Oh, you know, I got him to use because they both sound the same. They both have a deep pump. Oh, so sound the hair. Oh, but how are we to take fatherly? Yeah, and so on. Right wing, you know, no, no, how are we? Oh, don't. Oh, that's all same thing. No, no, big difference. First of all, how are we is in my personal opinion somewhat of a show? Or ripple of hard and somewhat. And it I semi. Stop me when you disobey. Oh, no, you have only been you can take fatherly is none of those things. Sure. So what about Ernie Sochard and Norm Kent back the back? That's going to be pretty heavy. Not a good evening. They're referring to it as the they're having posters made the Ken's Sotion connection. Where Ernie hands off his audience. The norm. All too of them. Both of them. Oh, you guys are cool. But you want to hear an interesting day. Remember Mike, this Sunday bonding male bonding football club last year with Steve Pannon told you and three friends this year it's for talk show. Think about it. Side of mouth. You're sure you're standing up an hour. Made your contribution to the industry. I'm just training my friend. Yeah, take over if I have to leave. 1249 and WOD was the best one. Now from the channel man, I'm in the market that the few and hey, where's I going? What's he doing with that machine guy? Oh my god, what a well, where is he? He was there. The three one story after another about drugs and violence. Now he wants to write the world and rewrite the news in a full story and fiction. So definitely I'll see you tonight at five second time. Oh, I understand they're going to have a new Billboard campaign at WS News. Alice in the morning in Anvil at night. Thank you so much, Rich. By the way, they don't have a they don't call it diet coke they call it coke light in Europe. And Pepsi, I didn't see any diet Pepsi. Mm-hmm. And that interesting? It's 1254 at WOD. WOD. Holly Woodhill. Hey, yeah, great to have you back, man. Thank you. All right, you're on vacation. There was a classic call made to the bird by some blue hair. And I have to be taking it at the time and I are out of here. Mm-hmm. Okay. That's good. A North Bay village. Oh, yeah, it's just a bird. Are you right across the street? Yeah. I'm thanks for having the opportunity to speak to you. What is that? Oh, here we go. Oh, here we go. Oh, here we go. Oh, here we go. What the fuck are you talking about? I'm so curious. Oh, my God, it's so sweet. Why me crazy? Hey, let's go, my boy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I can't help you, I'm in touch with you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm so horrible. Yeah, that was great. Man, I grilled everywhere she said. Excellent. Thank you for that. Okay. Okay. That's where I'm actually as beautiful. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, pal. We'll see you in empty day. I got 55 of Wild. Even interesting how he was listening when you were here and he's listening now. Fascinate. And he just obsessed. Fascinate. Okay. Put your hands back in your pockets, pal, and just calm yourself down. Okay. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Welcome back. Thank you, sir. Steve says you are on stand show five to six times a month. No. Seems to me that Steve's been on your show three times a week. Oh, here we go. And I see a bunch of people roll up. Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Well, I can't, we all here come Steve running in here now. You gave him a curry. Yeah. All right. It took a herkilly and effort to get him out of here. You know what? You've been running back in here again. You're getting a good. What are you complaining about sir? What is your complaint that I come in years three times a week? Go back again? Of course. I do what I can turn my audience over on the meal. Can I ask you a question, Steve? Yes, sure. How much am I in my talk show home? Right. The only reason over when free is a success is because she's blacked. Didn't you say that? That seems to me to be mighty racist, wouldn't you say? I think the fact that she spats got a lot to do with it, too. I don't recall ever saying that. You said that you said that. No, I don't recall saying that. Okay. You kind of like a blacked, but you know, if you're a giant, I don't know. No, brother, we can go on it. I think she has no talent. So why don't you debate him on he's show about this? I think her talent level is about on the same abilities you have as a caller. I see. And you're not even black to get off the phone, creeper. Hello? I get lost. What? Yes. Where did you think that only works when you have the button? Why? I'm not pressing it. Where did you think that phrase get off the phone? Did you think that up in New York? I was wearing Bob Graham's not grander. I see. And are you trying to follow with his footsteps? I didn't steal it. I borrow it. At this point Bob is trying to follow in my footsteps. You're out like you can't make their success. Is this a big problem for you? I'm a little more careful. I want to say that. You remind me of the guy who just called a young guy called a couple of minutes ago. Okay, the same thing. You can't turn it off, Kenya. What can I turn off? You're mouth. You're mouth. And my show both. All right. Are you okay, sir? And not really. Good day. Okay. Wow. 1257 of WIOD. It sure is great to be back. Oh, listen from now until later. I think it's mentioned at the end of your spots that there is a brand new new true system location that just opened an orthography road. My mebe. So I had just found the memo and it's the roller-settlers' huser right here. Yeah. So I was right. It's my mebe. I thought the gothory road. And we mentioned it. Right? Right. Okay. Thank you so much Tom. Let's take a call in Pompano. Hello. I need to hold on to have to break it second. Sorry, you don't have enough time this hour. What do you mean? I don't have enough time. I got two minutes. Okay, are you ready? Listen, let's go to the call on Riding's more. Hello. So we've already heard this before. So I don't want to hear what's proven again. She is you people out there. You know, I think the thing with normal canvies is emblematic of a disease that's sweeping this community, it's called top show hostitis. All these people want to be their first rated would be top show host. Okay. And if you listen to their call, it's obvious that the shows wouldn't last for three weeks. You know, life already. Okay, we got a rack. How many carts have we got here? Like 500 carts? I believe we got all kinds of recorder material. Once in a while, once in a great while, somebody will play something usually it's something related to it. I don't come any better than I go. But that's okay. One of the calls on his show and those are usually pretty funny. But other than that, give it a rest already with these recorded bits and with all this, how's it right here? Give it a rest. Isn't it wonderful to be back? Oh, boy, what a group of call. What a group of calls. My favorite film. My absolute favorite song. The ones, the people who've got something hate you, they hate me like the homophobic idiot that called three calls ago. And they can quote chapter and very literally show every minute, every single day. They wouldn't miss it if they're alive to pen it upon it. Right? So, obviously filling a void. I'm not in a lot of it. Somebody is filling a void in that case like somewhere else. Okay, that's going to do it for this hour. Who we got to in the news? We got like a audience to be one of two hours. You give Tommy Yover. Oh, that's good. Because thought is on probation. That's what? What does that mean? Oh, you don't know about it? Oh, did I say something? I wasn't just a thing. Anyway, that's a, I'm curious. That's what the message was on here. Tires on our whole patient. What did you molest somebody in the newsroom or something? Is that why April's not here anymore? By the way, we should. Though we shape a good lesson, we over channel six. A lot of guys in the audience very upset about that. Very upset. He came and said to Brian to them all. Oh, he did. That was nice. Yeah. Great. We sure do. We got Chuck. What's his name? Myr. Myr who's a real newsperson in there. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah. So before I was incredible, I was a stranger. I might have been a mistake. Okay. Look, we got Lee Fowler Jr on a Palm Beach line. Hello. Well, it's up. Oh, yeah. Ha ha ha. I bet you got big things on your mind, Lee. I just got back with a patient. To�ts that way. I wasn't going to you, but I didn't know you were going. I went to do it again. Instead. Yeah. It was right in Lee. I want to collect you about some things you were saying earlier. Yeah. Oh, so far, the butt last of that going to WLS. Should I go? Hmm. Oh. Here, going with Chicago, but he's going to do nights at the top 30 stations. B96. We're gonna be replaced with our Rolenskund. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. For 3.75 an hour. Absolutely. Yeah. So what about Debbie and his big move to mid-days now, Lee? Well, you know how Debbie got her big break and show business on you. Is that the Thunderbird driving? You're just showing mummies on her butt. Exactly. I mean that's the thing. Yeah, believe you do. I'll be right over it, Dana. Yeah. Where the Colonel was trying to get promoted to, five-star General, Mr. Charles. Oh man. That bill powder was juxtaped from kill I am enjoying the morning show. Yeah. But I can't find a turn table. At least 78. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I'm going to hear about that. I'll carry on as good news and that news at J&R. Yeah. What's a good news, Lee? Well, because news is John Pagano is stepping down as TV. And the bad news. It's replacement is him, William. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Anyway, I haven't checked that out with my inside source. Then I'll treat you. Yeah. He knows it all boy. Talk about it. Oh, boy. Well, originally, he had a great life. And big guy. Keep the peace. Okay. Oh, yeah. I see still eating on the air. Oh, I can't pick the station. Oh, can't you? Hmm. Oh, that's right. You would date Countless Game. Oh, do I brown? You'd be lucky enough you'd be able to pick it up boy. The way to lose lunch. Take it or lunch. We're seeing a W. I do. We're doing a little show here. And, uh, well, like salespeople, like coming right in the middle of the show, he's doing like a whole seminar. We're doing a show, Coleman. I know that you know what time we're on, but we're, anything's we're just sitting in here having lunch. It's like the way in the green room or something like that. So, Tons on probation. I'm going to have to find out what that's all about. Something really heavy duty. What about Ross? Is he still here? I hear the mind. I think he's up with the mind. Why not? I'm not ventures. All this crap with his bathing suits stuff. I heard that story about the guy who was standing in the other room and his girlfriend was in here and you were fondling her and she was sitting in your old house. And the guy that steam was coming out of his ear told you that. That rich told me he said, it guy was ready to bust you in the alley was he said he was mad as hell. He wasn't. He came in my house. I was going to turn your head into a pimple and give it one big squeeze. I finished. I didn't go so hurt. She came and said, oh my god. She didn't. All by herself. Yes. Absolutely. Okay. Now, what's the story, Dorothy? Is he on probation? What is that all about? Oh, look at that. Probation for what she said. It doesn't have anything to do with a newsroom. It's an outside matter. I see. Okay. Those are getting pretty tummy in there aren't they? Miami. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Welcome back. Thank you so much. Burke did a great job in your abs. No question about it. Nice changes, please. Yeah. Have a nice trip. Great. Oh, glad. Well, that's good. Happy to be back. Yeah. Have a fabulous fall. I was excited to this fall. Well, I mean, at Tony your voice is like a certain level of sarcasm there isn't there? Oh, no. I have to. It's not a sarcasm in this call, sir. No, not at all. I sustained some permanent hearing loss when Steve got on the phone. Oh. He talks very loud. Yeah. He's he hangs out with Lee Fowler a lot. That a rub's off. So to speak. I don't want to our guest downstairs to get the wrong idea. Right, Master's when I said it kind of rubs off. Oh, it's easy to feel nervous when he's in expression like that. So what's up, sir? There's I just have a feeling that bubbling under the surface of this call or something that doesn't know absolutely now. No, no, I was just caught off guard. Nothing. Oh, when you want to go back on hold? No. Oh, as a matter of fact, there's a point of information. How do you get on the lightning round without being kept on hold? You just call in and if you get a ring, you know. Okay. There in and you say, hello, hello and I hang up on you. Oh, very interesting. You're a piece of the beyond. Were you back in town Saturday? Yeah. You were you re-listened to the beyond show? No. No, no, I'm on vacation. I don't get involved with this place. It was a great show. Yeah. How bad they didn't play the same thing in the right order? Yeah, but I've never listened to a single radio program twice and it was actually worth it. Yeah, Dion is great. No, that was a great show. Oh, Mr. It was a great show. What about the cards? Like you said, I think you're right. My hearing has been affected since Steve was in here. Yeah, up until this little. There are only three and a half games out there going through a little problem. You know, it's called like a run. Yeah, there you go. And Montreal is going to take out. Do I read you this thing out? Well, it's going to have a great day. Take care. Okay, son. Oh, his third man used to fly squirrel as windshield lines. You get to feel it. You're laughing under that. Well, it's wrong with that. He was using the tail. I can then be relative. Yeah. The fur was flying when Eagle I released a rest of the motorists for an unusual offense driving down the street with a live squirrel tied to his windshield Iper. What's wrong with that? Ashford, Massachusetts. They charge 49-year-old John Griffiths with unlawful possession of a bushy tail rodent. He was described as a loner who lives of Oracle campsite. He was iraiding to that of when officers pulled him over. He told the cops that the squirrel always accompanied him because he was his friend. Yeah. Police report that the squirrel who was tied to the Weiper by now and crowers enjoying was frightened but not hurt by the unusual auto trip. I gotta remember that. He said it was nothing compared to how when he puts him into watch the laundry and the dryer. One night he had a WIO deal. Let's take a call from these calls today. I gotta be honest with you boy. This has been real a real eye opener for me all of it is Monday. And we never gave the numbers out and they're all filled up which is a big deal I guess in his business. My name is hello. Hi, how are you Neil? Yeah, how are you doing, John? Hey, he's been a boy in two weeks with Ajameen. You know, I did a good job. He's just not the same. I know. Hey, I have a first request and then I want to come from a rumor forming. Requests that you're going to play a young Neil or freeway and speak it today. No. Okay, picture the way they don't have them. Somebody said that Neil is black. Is that true? Who? Another nearly. He says I swear to God Neil is black. I said, no, he's not. Yeah. Neil is black. He didn't sound black. Why are you talking to me and you're talking like you you're talking in the first person now you're switching in the third person. Is it a special reason for that? No, because a good friend of mine told me that Neil is for a second. I said, I don't hear either way. He's a Nick. I heard the same thing. Yeah. Not Neil. Sorry Nick. Oh, Nick. Oh, Nick. Nick. Nick. Nick. Nick. Well, you're right about these calls. Wow. Oh, Rowan, I should have kept tell my story about the plane trip back. I'll see. Love an piece woman with a baby and the diaper. I should have continued on that story. That was way tall just stuff. How hard 21 past one in W. I. D. Latter Hill. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm Neil. I'm so glad you back. I can't stop laughing. Really? I can't stop crying. You're absolutely wonderful. You know, those days, especially at Amsterdam, I'd be sitting in my hotel room and I'd look out the window and it would be bitter cold and raining. Amsterdam is nice when the sun is shining and gets up to about 72. I never really get taught there. But when it's raining, it gets real dark like up north. You know, when it rains and it gets cloudy all day and gray and it's bitter and I'd sit in that hotel room and I'd look outside. I think even though I can't go out walking or doing anything, it's just so nice being here and just being free. It's like a bird. You know what? If I can use that expression. Like total escape. And I was sit back down and turn on the TV and there would be Larry King and then I'd think well, maybe I'm not so free after all. Well, now you're back to reality. Yeah. Yeah. And then I harshly awake. It is. I just wanted to say that bird did an excellent job while you were gone. He said, well, we're going to take a four hour pull on it tomorrow. Well, last time you were gone, he wasn't so good that this time I don't think he was nervous and the last time I went, he was terrible. Yes, he was a sister. Sorry, bird. I love you. But it's Larry. Anyway, so you were so bad that the only day that wasn't good with back bathing to contact for Stan. I can't believe he did that. I really can't believe he did that. I can't believe he did that. You know what I was saying? I did that. I didn't see. I ripped him for days. It was so bad and embarrassing. But you know, these guys get away with murder. It was. And I have one thing to say about Steve. This is an arrest. This is an arrest. I just have one thing to say about Steve. You know, he said how you read your audience in per se and wrong. I would never take credit to about a fire. You stand, Roddy and Susan really bad. Those were not nearly people. Well, he had some, there was some crossover, but no questions. Stan, did he have his own? Yeah, he had his personal view for me. I mean, four maps. I mean, you know, he had those people bitches. You know, he never had a show. He never had a show. He really did. He's not my father. I don't know. Well, at least he's consistent because he don't have a show now. He is. So, you know, there's something to be said for consistent. I have to tell you something when he was on that day. I had turned it on about, I don't know, 11, a prop 11, 30, and the morning. I got my car and I turned it on. And for a man, I thought it was you. It was just the way it came on and the way happened to be listening to it. Yes, Stan, I've done a lot of it. I said, he's my own heels, not back to the room. He was back so next week. And when he started with that business and all of a sudden, I heard this about Ricky, Tickie's, you know, laundry ray and bathing suit and I knew he was laundry ray. Or there must be something going on. I don't know about him. I knew about the cap that I didn't know about the laundry ray. Or anyway, it's been fine. Okay, listen, have a great day and I'll say how to stand before you. Okay. Bye. Wow. Boy, they're just ripping the crap out of everybody today. I'm doing 24 past one at WIOD. I think we can do a little break here and we got to boy, we got the light around. This is basically overall, really. This is great. So, everybody you go on vacation, which is going to really be something. Yeah. Now, you're just not going to show up right there, right? You're not going to tell anybody about that. That's, that's the best way. Because you had a little run in with Boy Gary who said that you can't take that extra day. No. And you said you just going to go ahead and take it anyway. And you said, well, just don't tell anybody. Yeah. That's why he said that's so we got to tell anybody about it. He just won't show up on Friday. I won't be here. Okay, but whatever you do, don't tell anybody. But he just doesn't have pretend, you know, it's one of the like he's sick. So I'll make up a story like you're under the weather. How do you guys do it? All you guys take that extra day? I mean, how do you guys do it? Because we're telling. Oh, well, if they didn't tell me that 25, the Wild will be 128 at Wild. And it's equal time, it may not be as exciting. The audience, all I think we got a lot of ladies out there and would be ladies when you're gone next week. I'm going to have a fashion show and we're going to bathing suits show. I'll have Todd and Ross and Jared all come in and bathing suits. Wasn't surprised me. You have a wonderful time. I'm going to be like you. I'm going to go where I came here the radio station. You go, let's have a do whatever you want. Have a great time. So when we talk about the cup, yeah, I won't think anything. Just like you. I won't think about the state. I'm specifically going to go where I can't hear it. Excellent. And you guys, you can do anything. Oh, I just want to mention the Wild news letter. I'll control that out. Wow. There's a new news letter. I was on the cake here it is. And wouldn't you know, we'd be able to get any mention it. It does mention you were going to be filling in for many and really you only mentioned the idea of getting get one in. See I don't even get a card. Listen to this. The 610 Wild sports crew presented another great show for our audience on the recent NBA draft. No. It's Eric C'marall. I'm going to hear your Jim Manage provided pick by pick coverage. I wonder if I need a crack. And Hank Goldberg got the crowd reaction and official comments from the heat draft party at the Miami Arena. While Tony Yep Marvin Rawman and Eric Martinez provided the produced the program, keep it all. I can't even read this. I'm so tongue-tight. It's so exciting. Keeping it all sounded great. Which Steve Ziggler goes out of the second page. Yeah. Oh, yeah. A radio at its finest. It does mention my name. That's the first. And I don't forget a British cricket draft is coming up on Sunday and we're going to have a week weaver in Scotland. Man, I tried watching cricket for like five minutes on the BBC over there. How can they how can you watch it? Is it so ridiculous? Well, they have decided about the British. The reason they always they lose every war and we have to bail them out or they lost the revolution. Because they're silly. Yeah. They're like silly people. Very silly. In fact, an answer to them, you know, there are people from all over the world. It's incredible. And the only people that were really rowdy and allowed an obnoxious everywhere you went with a British kids. Really. Wrong. They're allowed. I'm not just disgusting. All of them. I mean, they were just disgusting. Out of the streets and restaurants everywhere you went. They were the only ones who were just out of control. And when you stop at the thing, I bet you that Roy Masters are probably have some comments. I mean, it's not. I'm saying in a country where they worship a queen. I'm telling you, there's just a little peculiar. And all the, I want to say all, but most of the British men are like, say, like, they wane or fade done away. They're all a little say. In fact, even the Dutch guys, I'm the plane coming back. There was this Dutch family. How's been a wife and two, the two, not a little girls I was talking to about? And the wife was so much man. She looked like she could put you through the floor with her foot. Yes. And a husband looked just like, what's the queen's husband? What is his name? Friend Philip? Friend Philip? Friend Philip? Is that his name? He looked just like him. And at same kind of very wimpy, ineffectual, you know what I mean? They've always been that way, don't you? Yeah, always been that way. Very strange. He looked at all British movies. 30s, 40s. They're, they're all the same, you know. They are. How was an old movie? So maybe remasters can kind of analyze that for us on the paint show? Okay, it's 1.32 a wioj. Let's go to Danya. Hello. Good off a quick. Let's go to your plantation. Hello. Yeah. What? Rubbing from a lightning. Okay, hold on. Let's try both. Hello. Okay. Good one. Yeah, I forgot about this. We're getting that desperate damage show this at time. My work. 27 of W. I did. What's unusual if Steve is talking about that topic today, isn't it? You took away abortion and the home sexual list and homosexual land. He's pretty slim-pick and wouldn't it? 23 till 2 a wioj and it's roughly west-prem. You're holding for lightning round? Yeah. Oh, you're holding for us. You're fair. Great. How you doing? What a call. Yeah. And I'm talking to you. I had a video up to last week I was listening to wins. And who are the one, huh? Yeah, I was one. And I heard the sports cast to this was on. I was saying was supper. How long did you have had been in door 15 managerial changes with the media? Thank you. And he said, else kind of like being an ideal business. Maybe a good station even well. And he kind of frigging pause and moved on. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he was trying to fact he was trying to come over here a long time ago and just didn't work out. Well, but he did a great job last week. Don't with those two bags. And Neil, glad to have you. Thank you. Thank you. See you. Who's this on the bat line? Is that for us? Is he talking to somebody on the air? It's why? He's still talking to him. That exciting. There's somebody on the bat line. Nobody called it with the name of that movie. And you know why? Because most people don't have viewers choice so they don't they don't know what I'm talking about. Well, he gives so many clues. When you do this, you're nice to him in the middle. Anybody who saw it? No, I see it twice. Really, he saw with no one I'm talking about. Okay. So about this young guy and his girlfriend and she's plotting. In fact, he gets involved with this, I don't know if it's her mother or this older woman. And he's involved with both of them. And both of them are plotting with this woman's husband to kill him and collect his insurance money and pretend that it's the husband who dies. Oh, and it's all out in the snow. There are some weird and a shack. I don't know. It's incredible. It's bizarre. It seems like all the movies that I see on these paper view panels are all really swinging. Weird. What was I when I was telling you about before I went away? He's cooking in a darkness. Another bizarre movie. Miami, hello. Hey, yeah. I was up in the pen and all that way. And we'd be a rock station, set the name in Georgia and a rock station in Mobile, Alabama. We're playing the crap. I said, you know, great. Gotta get you the ones like four more dealers do like power rotation. Whatever you call. You hear at least one thing. Then I was just, you know, I got back Saturday morning. I put your, you know, the best meal on. And I heard the second and the fourth hour for the same tape. I couldn't believe it. They finally got beyond on that he was all the first hour and he came back in the third. Wait, man, the second and the fourth hour was the same. They came. Oh, they. In fact, it was we got one before it. I'm a weekend here, man. It's like a disaster. I don't know. He was I don't want to get anybody in trouble, but it wouldn't be nice if they give these people a little training. It was sure help. And I was driving through Milton. I think I thought you have a good time. I think I can't stay stand on the car with a son. It's a good time. Yeah. Well, yeah. It's a science that always for faith. Mm-hmm. I still have those new billboards that there's with the, you know, the college on the two stones and my favorite. I should tell you something. Yeah. Okay. You can also write it down here in no problem. Okay.