What ain't they started a tattoo her on here and about a third of the way through they ran out She's a she's a giant industry sir have a great day. Okay, they're all stealing my lines. You notice that 142 a W ID maybe Kevin will call back tomorrow. Okay, maybe we don't usually I like to discourage chronics all over He is no Mr. Traimer I'll say that but maybe Kevin can call in every day this week because it is the beginning of the dolphin exhibition Season big game that I did case you didn't hear the promo is 40 times And we can kind of get an update on how things are doing in a locker room. Okay, that's a good idea Yeah, actually. I mean, you know these sports people I think they got the whole thing all locked up by themselves here We're part of the WID family. We're a family so to speak. Yeah, that's right, right? And we got to get in a little reaction to here's a mobile in date. Hello, hey, Neil. I got great Hey, like buddy dumps a Chicago and I was telling about your promo you have with a thick and freeway He's as I tried to find it to I know you don't I know you know what you wanted to draw a diagram Well, I was one of you could play. I know you don't do the book get your play it or did you just like kind of drop the coast in a living room Yeah, I got it in the machine right now. You know why why because it'll kill about two minutes When you're under the weather man anything that'll kill a little time, you know? Oh, okay, but I appreciate you play your buddies from Chicago All right, you look right behind really feel so he's a big cubs fan, huh? Yeah I guess the is enough, but I don't I don't mess with myself Oh, geez, well listen you guys had a great weekend But you're still in third place, you know Okay, well tell him to crank it up and the mind is on business. Hey. Thanks a lot. See you later. Bye Okay, this is for all our great friends from Chicago and to those who aren't Listen What is warm All You come here often right me if you've been here before no first time Which name three way three way that night? Let's take it. Please to nature. Take it. I'm here You're here to get Clean I don't know You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah, yeah, I know what's the top and you probably need to rely Oh, I'll say, but you know with everything it's a news and all it's a thing you can start relaxing right now for you wait. I brought something She and freeway not just any she either Wow, gold You can't even keep on them Here's the most important part. We wait in the pro-tech label Pro-tech Aren't those in dorm by the city council of Santa Francisco? Absolutely you know the pro-tech slogan. Do I sure do? certified safe by the city by the bay Well, what do you say? John look at that. I dropped the soap again You bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and speak it have Don't let worry spoiled those cans meetings and public showers always carry Pro-tech R-O-C-E-C-E-T My my pre-S-N-B-P-R-O-C-E-T Ben does it no apology Don't Don't know what it's all about the pro-tech You so they won't send you a Protect condoms the division of black black housing garden that's the old division keeping situation face in 1887 Okay, 146 a W-I-O-D. Why don't tell you about low jack right now? He's I think the timing could be weak. You know what I'm saying? Why? Never hearing that. Oh, seriously. Well, a lot of these people in the audience they get all these different Infusion, no low jack is to protect your vehicle. Okay, which is your second biggest investment after your house And a lot of us have cars that like mean a lot to us, okay? Like my super sitting outside I don't want some jackass running into my car when I'm coming to work in a morning some Wild man out there who's irresponsible and using his car like some kind of a demolition derby a weapon You don't want to say it? But the bottom line is if somebody steals your car more likely than not you're never gonna see it again Or if they do finally find it you're probably you know have a couple of wheels and a steering wheel and not much left Unless you have low jack protection It's an amazing device people are getting it like crazy all over the place because it really does work And here's how it works it's a small radio transmitter that they hide in your car truck And if your car is stolen police automatically activate the transmitter and it begins sending out a homing signal that they can Home in zero in on in just a matter of minutes the average time of recovering the vehicle with low jack is about 30 minutes And I don't need to they almost always get the car back, but very often they catch the thieves as well while they're still in the vehicle Low jack is guaranteed and it can be installed by bonded technicians at your home or office in just a matter of minutes And when you cough for all the information be sure to ask about a 25% discount on your comprehensive insurance when you have low jack protection You just can't afford not to have this especially if you've got a car that's worth something to you and that's most of you I'm sure here's the toll free number there's no obligation call right now get the information call 1-800 33 found that's 1-800 333 68 63 and ask about low jack Until to a WIO day boy isn't it a sham? We don't have another two or three out Well, no, we had a screw around the first hour because the delay wasn't working and we took a lot of calls off the air That was great. That was pretty good as a matter of fact In fact most of those callers were like two feet off the ground Boka How yeah, do you want to adopt that please sir? 150 a WIOD wasn't that great? See it was Boka. Should we have known better? You know I joke about the fact that we ought to have an investigation But it's not a joke there's something wrong I mean we get nuts from everywhere okay a little bit here a little bit basically we don't get that there's only one Boka line to begin with You know what I mean and when you narrow it down and you realize the percentage of jack As I call on that Boka line it's I mean Boka and Del Ray there ought to be like at least 10 people with an IQ of over three right But there aren't It's a good thing that the on lives in Bokus that we have at least beyond and veggie So I've got at least two people we can be proud of in Boka A brown word hello Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm a burn-hory Okay All right, I got a buddy here at mine who says the Cleveland Indians are gonna make the series before the tribe or before the cubs will Yeah, sure What do you think about that? Well, the Indians you got I mean anybody has got a chance in that division It's pathetic it's embarrassing What they're like four let's see five teams within two and a half games or something like that or four games And the Yankees are only five and a half Right the tribe can't hit yeah, at least the cubs got the hitter's in the right they come fan now what you are oh Yeah, I grew up in Chicago Huh Well, I'm telling you they're doing it if only we could get Dawson hitting man Dawson's like an impediment to progress every time it comes to the plate You either hit into a double place strikes out or pops out with runners on third base But we're still scoring a ton of runs you can't win every day. We're still two and a half ahead and You know as all I care about as long as you're still in first place everybody else can talk a big game, but they still have to pass you That's right and as long as we keep hitting me a word and there's no stop long as rhino keeps hitting them the sandberg and grace Grace had three hits against today. They're doing it all right and Jerome 24 games in a row you got it Okay, how do your palies pull a crap okay? See yeah Thought 52 a double nine I'd like to see the Indians do well the Indians Last that I remember that they were in the series 1954 When he said in America league record they went 111 games at a year They were a big favorite in the series in the giants beat him in four straight You remember that don't you the New York giant the New York giant beat him in dusty roads and not the wrestler But the baseball player had all those little pop fly home runs in Apollo grounds. Oh, that's the wrestler same guy Hey, just a little over now Oh, man, of course the the cubs haven't been in the world series since 1945 and they haven't They haven't no wait a minute yeah 1945 last time they won the series was 1908. I think it's 81 years Now you understand whether zoolas history and frenzy man. It's a long long drought in historically It would make it theoretically. Yeah, makes sense. Anyway, here's the plantation speaking of his Stirlacle Yeah, what's up? How you doing bud? Oh pretty good. Okay, first off from Chicago I'm loving the bears and I like the cup well listen 50% isn't bad, you know, oh, yeah But yeah, the bears are okay. It's just that they got to find a place for your McMahon like a rest home For getting man awesome. Yeah, I don't think he's got he's got a hangmail man. He can't play you know He comes back but okay the cubs I've been with the cubs I remember I remember going to the games when there's nowhere there and he used to buy the real cheap seats and go all the way to the front Right up off the dugout. Yeah, so I've been there for a long time yeah now you got to buy the expensive seats you go all the way to the back Yeah, that's true So you ever hear the one what what is the real cup fan? Go ahead, sure like a real cup fan is 90% scar tissue That's cute. That's cute But I wouldn't get to I thought about it. I've not hyped up. It's just a great year. That's all You're harmless. It's been exciting. I love it. You know, they've had other great years So they have a tendency to choke. Well, yeah, but usually if they're gonna choke it's a July June right in the yard. July. Well, no, they're not choking man or how does it pistol okay? I wouldn't put it now listen don't be so negative all right. Oh, they put me down so many so many times I understand but they're gonna shock the hell out of you this year, all right? Well, I'm at work. I have to make this sure and well, it's a nice talk. You know like your show Okay, I love your enthusiasm See you later. Okay, well, what up, you know that guy's been living here too long That what it is mr. Sour push you know mr. negative for this town is so Negative, you know you know who should be living here and in effect I'm sure they are probably at the cemetery village Is the winers remember Fred and Gloria winers I want to macaroni and see you remember them. Oh God they're perfect for this town, you know, right? It's a bunch of winers and it's don't want to be optimistic, okay Have a big smile on your face even though it is a horrible place and the people are a bunch of morons I'm a set of assholes That would have been terrible wouldn't it yeah, well you wouldn't say now we don't want to tell too much truth The public are gonna finally start catching on to what this area is all about we don't want to excitement like Vegas or Or why could key or any of that stuff do we? God or even like Orlando we don't want to have a whole bunch of tourists here again messing things up for us and all that heavy traffic and We'd like a nice and quieted peaceful okay dead dead is the operative word Oh, and who the hell was telling me about the new thing in for Lauderdale? What the how was it about the brown shirts? How they're they're like lining up on a one a on either side with all the police cars So that people aren't cruising the strip, you know, oh, it just I think norm can't was tell me about that really During one of his pseudo radio shows. Yes The brown shirts up there are just going nuts And Pretty soon we're gonna have all those wonderful people sitting in I call it north beach we got south beach on Miami Beach and for Lauderdale which used to be a lot of fun now It's north beach it's just like south beach a little further north You know be sitting out there and they're rocking chairs staring at the sidewalk looking at the other 100 year old people with their walkers Crossing a one a very slowly and very carefully Then we'll have to pass an ordinance about not not having open containers of prune juice while you're crossing a one a Okay And we just kind of sit back and Bob Cox can sit there with them on the porch rock king back in fourth with his 1948 haircut just oh God manner killing this town and you in the thing of it is you people don't hear that's what I don't understand They don't do they no they don't care they just keep moving out like I mean like a lot of you live in places like plant Station in Kendall Like us Gotta be ashamed of yourself You think you can move away from the problem you can't do that In fact if I were you I'd move like right on the state road 84 or like construction is I think in your imagination show us a little bit of courage and a little bit of guts, okay? Whoa And then we can all join in with a seminal Indians okay it open up a big gambling casino We're gonna have casino gambling And Barbara Kappenman can write up and down Collins Avenue in ocean drive screaming the Indians are coming the Indian Can't you see it now with a red echo oh God I can see I can see Barbara writing an art echo horse a pink and green horse up and down Collins Avenue the Indian So coming life is mere But anyway, it's great being down here because you know we could all be in an area where you have a lot of fun and a A lot of tourists in the economy was booming and it was really a swinging great open place It's much more fun being in a repressive area like this it feels like you're in some kind of a concentration cap, you know And then we have you know the data look forward to when we all get out What that be great? Oh yeah when we can get rescued by all those great Americans from like Atlanta and the South Carolina Anyway, I have no idea what I'm talking about because I got this flu and even though it's going away Like hanging on something fierce Babbling y'all babbling yes you are babbling and I like it, you know I like sitting here babbling in fact I might not let the news come on I might just go through the news and how would Steve because he's got a bunch of purverts on again today That's is that unusual? I mean this is a man who keeps showing his rose all over town And it's bragging about it. He says of course. It's true it's just an ass Anyway, Steve has got Bob and Chris just another regular American couple here today They're into swinging and wife swapping and new dancing and escort services and just a little a little family fun on the side and oh and fact Oh geez, and then to shame I put all those carts away right at the end here One moment please what they handled I do with that Is this a second oh yeah, in fact this is no this is gonna be what they say at the beginning of the show We're a family so to speak right We've got it that we have our sources, okay? So anyway stick around for that then we've got hours and hours of the dolphins in the bears The dolphins and then the dolphins are gonna bear it in the shower with managed on a post get it's gonna be incredible And we'll see you again tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock here on 610 W-I-O-D