He triggered by that girl you most admire. When Mel was in school, there was a girl who sat next to me who had a mole I wanted to grab. It was weeks before I finally gave in. Pick up a book on personal hygiene, stop writing to Mel, go see a doctor, but Mel just doesn't get paid enough to think about hiines. Much less than so let us from one. And then again I could be wrong. They call me Mel. Okay, now you get to feeling there's something going on here today that we didn't know about. Cause I didn't hear like five words of that which I heard the beginning which I thought was kind of cute. But I didn't hear any of the rest of it and Dennenberg is over here. But hot skiing around with copy. While we're on the air. Hi Neil. So a special reason for this. And also I've got an insipid and idiotic thing here from Disney about my roast. I'm not doing any roast. Okay. The roast. He comes up with these ridiculous ideas. Oh, when did we remember we were going to do the show like even if we can't take the show to Disney to MGM or somewhere exciting. We're going to do it out in the parking lot. Oh, this is the middle of May. I was still having. We haven't done one second of the show outside of this little claustrophobic room. Have we? Or did I miss something? Now one second. And he just insists he's going to continue complicating my life with this. How's it right? I'm not interested in roast and ego trips. Okay. To me there's nothing more nauseating than that. Oh God, is that turn me off? When is it? Oh, it ain't gonna. You know, he threw. I didn't have the heart to tell him because he gave it this cock and maybe I did a couple of months ago and I looked at him and I smiled and I said, well, you know, way down the road. Now he's leaving me notes he's talking to people about this. This man honest to God is just zasperating. Okay. Like yesterday, he comes in and after getting his car stolen at the airport and the first thing he does, the only thing he does is drop that cubs t-shirt on the table. Now of all the days, they just had lost five in a row which thank goodness we ended yesterday. And Bob, I'm gonna tell you if you want information on any team except the Yankees, don't listen to sports talk. I can't wait to get Hank in here Thursday. Although he's not the guiltyest party. Joe, yeah, I listened to sports talk in a car lash that I was going to the store and they drawn on and on about the Yankees this and the Yankees. Then the Yankees lose the game anyway like usual. I wanted to find out what happened to Balecky. I leave the game in the seventh inning. Is I'm tightened up? I wanted to find if there was any information about that. Nothing. Then there was a thing about Rick Sutcliffe getting cortisol and shot in his back. He's going to miss his turn tomorrow. Did we have anything about that? Maybe. I didn't hear it. May have been on here. I missed it. Is Joe from New York? No, I don't know what Joe is from hunger in there. I mean, Joe's a nice guy, a nice kid. But very narrow in scope. I would say very, very narrow in scope. There's a lot of information. I mean, it's not just the cubs here. There aren't 24 other teams beside the Yankees and the cubs, right? And there are fans out there of all of them. I'm sure there are even somebody wants to hear about Seattle. Well, maybe not. Anyways, Diamond is past 10. I must say that yesterday was one of the worst shows in the history of this program. Not us. Not us. We were fine. I was thinking about it not at length because I don't when I leave here, basically, it's history. But I was just thinking, I can't think of one good call in four hours yesterday. Not one. Poor Harvey. No. One of his worst. I mean, for him, saying one of his worst, that's saying a lot. He was an idiot yesterday. He had nothing to say. No one did. I can't think of one person that even decent call. You had one? No. No. Not one? Oh, no. They were boring and their voices all had that old IOD sound to me. I like the girl who called up the lightning ground and called you a door. I'm not talking to him. Even the lightning round was boring. We didn't we didn't have one die-and-over here. That battery was yesterday. We did have the doctor must have had a patient. Maybe he was in surgery. Where are your priorities, Doc? I can just see him handing the scalpel over to somebody else during the middle of the operation. Oh, it's time for the lightning round. We can take over please. Well, we had rush over to the pay phone with his blood-soaked rubber gloves. You know? Speaking of blood-soaked rubber gloves, Steve has an unusual topic on he showed me. Oh, my God. By the way, pizza locked is bringing food Thursday. So Hank is trying to orchestrate the whole thing. I don't your wonderful guy, but we don't need any help in getting food and we've been very, very successful. As a matter of fact, peppers which we heard last week was going to bring food and they got shot out because we had all these other people lined up ahead of him. Is this sponsor? I didn't know that. I heard him on sports talk last night. It's a Mexican restaurant. It's here on the 79-speed causeway somewhere. Maybe someday they'll bring some food over to us, even though they're on sports talk. Oh, pepper. It sounds pretty interesting. Like some real spicy Mexican food. I'm thinking to go to Mexico for my vacation now. Why is there this long silence? Well, look at Stan. No, months ago. He's still talking about it. Yeah, he still shows on his trip to Mexico. He's done. How he couldn't breathe and that was at Stan. He did months ago. He went into that place and he couldn't breathe in the bar. And they were all going, but anyway, I started this movie before interrupted myself. Steve has a very unusual topic today. It's going to be another abortion on WIOD. Well, that's what it says. And reaction to OV Wade, the NBC TV movie with your last night, with somehow I missed. I just didn't get it. I missed it too. And the guest today, and I hope you're holding onto your seat when I tell you this. The guest today includes Susan Glickman, Prochoice Liberal, Melissa Dunn, Prochoice Conservative, whatever the hell that means. And here we go, ladies and gentlemen, again, can we have a little drum roll for this? Please. Frankly, my dear. I don't care what dear. Now that's not what we want. I'm just stalling for time. I don't think the drum roll is in here anymore. Well, it may be. May take us till about 11 o'clock to find out. Now this guest deserves a drum roll. Make no mistake about this. This is something really unusual and special on the cane show. And I can't find the drum roll. Well, I'll have to do without. The other guest is the Reverend Pat Mahoney of Florida Rescue, who is making his 88th appearance this week. And it's only Tuesday. So don't forget it's the Reverend Pat Mahoney show with special guest Steve Kane this afternoon at two. I guess that's fine. Steve's guesting two days and he's on the Ellis Rubin. I only heard about two minutes of that. It's always interesting to me because if I only catch a couple of minutes a certain shows must be my luck because the game, the Cup Game it ended and I got in the car to go to the store. Just as I punched a turner radio on, they were saying something about the fact that I had mentioned Steve was going to be a guest on the Ellis Rubin show and Ellis, of course, being a big fan of my comment that that must have been a shot or something like that. Yeah, it was a shot. Ellis, okay, it was a real shot. Okay, we owe a little apology here, not a big one. Just a little one of Joseph Gackie, who just came racing through the room during the break and said, I'm a cup fan. I know, but I trust you, Arthur. Now he haven't only spent a few minutes at the beginning of the show on a cup yesterday. Alleged on sports talk, okay. That's what he said. I didn't hear it. All I ever hear is about the stinkin Yankees. It's all over tonight. They got a little Garmin of GM of the Boston Red Sox, so at least thank goodness. We'll get to hear something a little bit different instead about those stinkin Yankees. Boy, not only are the Yankees bad, but their broadcasts. Those are really some of the all-time worst in history. John Sterling. I mean, when you can't make the cut with the braves, okay, well, you're like the, no, if you're a odd man out with the braves, is that tell you something? Oh, is this over? No, it's not over, okay. It's not over. And you're not getting paid to read the newspaper, okay? I'm paying you to tackle waiting. Boy, all of a sudden he's back to this again now. Oh, I haven't even been pounding again. I'm not telling you. Okay, here's my pick. I'm sure Phil Saltzman is getting his voice warmed up. We got a first race pick today. I'm not mucking around anymore. We got Katie's boo with Gonzalez in the first race. And I can't believe you passed over a horse that you just love, gentle Tim and the, I know that. And you're going with Stevie's doctor in the fifth race. Seems like almost all your horses are with Chavez and minor all with Gonzalez. Quincidence. There are no coincidences. Oh, Mike is very well for me. That's all I can say. Chavez, of course, is a lot more winners, but it's a question of picking which ones they are. So anyway, the cubs want to for nothing yesterday. And Baleki pitched another great game. What's his name? Sutcliffe is missing a turn. And we had this kid. That's really great when you bring up a kid who's never played for you before a kid. He's 30 years old. And his name is McClendon. And you know how I said to myself, I'd remember the name because that's a radio name. Gordon McClendon. And this guy looks like he ought to be in radio, not in baseball because he's like short and stocky. He's like waddles. In fact, they hit a fly ball to left field and he waddled back and waddled back and fell on his ass and went over his head for a double. But anyway, that's all a baseball for today because somebody we know is getting real certainly and just going through a whole routine, greeting the paper and getting all better shape than we can't discuss that. So we can't talk about it in the air. I want to ask you about that. I'm going to say do you are? I'm going to talk about downstage. And we can't talk about Detroit. And we can't talk about anything else interested in because we want to talk about Lakeland. Are you going to be okay? No, I don't think so. I'm in a real. I don't know what happened. I was in a great mood. I came in. I saw this idiotic note from Disney about my road. We're not doing a roast. Okay. The only roast we do is in the oven. God, almighty. He just can't you send him away again for a few days. Go in there and tell him that he's got some emergency in Chicago that he's got the cup's need him up there or something. They need him to pitch tomorrow because cyclists miss a deterrent. Oh, man. He just, you know, it wasn't at the same everywhere. I've ever been. It's always the same when a management people are gone. Everything is smooth and everything is calm and peaceful and there are no little, no jadecky things that come along when any of the management people are even in town much less in the building. They're always these little innings stupid like this. Okay. Great. Collect it. Right in the circular file. The roast roast this. Okay. 20 minutes past 10 at WIO do we may or may not take any calls today. May the audience may be burnt out the callers. We may need to give them a rest. In fact, we may do the lightning round. Just us. Well, I'm kind of a mess today because of, oh, by the way, attorney Barry Silver will also be on this contrived panel on the P.K. show today at 4 p.m. to make it a true abortion. And, oh, God, it's just, you know, this is so simple. It's another one of these things where people just won't leave other people alone. Okay. And I love the way they, and it just is shocking to me the way Steve is jumping into bed so to speak with people like Pat Mahoney with these virulent right wingers. Okay. Because I guess his true leanings are now rising to the surface. It's intolerance. That's what it is. And they can make all these excuses. Oh, it's a baby. It's a child and it's got two arms and it's got two legs. And that's like arguing for tadpole rights. Okay. In a world that's just overrun with unwanted babies. That's got more people that we can deal with. Let me ask you this question. Do we need more people in the world or for you? Is that a difficult question? Do we need more or fewer people to make the quality of life meaningful? And of course, the Pope and the Catholic Church for centuries have been hock at a trying to get about all you've got to use. You know, I got rhythm is their theme song. And the meantime, they're overpopulating a whole world which is like forced misery. Okay. Like all of Latin America, we got all these people streaming across the border in Texas. Why? Because they're populating their, they're reproducing like rabbits down there. Okay. But so we gotta have more babies. So Steve wants to adopt one. Would somebody give Steve and Laurie a baby? Huh. Get off this thing already. Chase. I've decided I'm not a conscience. My, my, my, and Laurie's gonna sit in and we're gonna get arrested. We're gonna get a lot of publicity and it's gotta be great. And then Alice Rubin can defend us. And then he can be on a show again for five times. Oh my god. So anyway, it's all your reaction. Now everybody who did not see the movie last night, we don't want to talk to the easy to get to anyway. Okay. Let's just clear the lines of using for. Anybody who did not see the movie, let's see a little show on the phone here. If you did not see Roe V Wade on NBC last night. Okay. Okay. There's one. I guess everybody saw the movie. I guess there's two. Three. Nobody in date saw the movie. Okay. Nobody in Palm Beach saw the movie. That's four pretty slow. Pretty slow and brown. And in Boka. So I guess there's only four people in the whole audience. And see the movie's gotta be a hot show, Steve. Everybody did their homework. And watch that movie. Look at that. There's not one line in brown county flashing. Yeah. They all. This is the lowest response I have ever seen in my life. Everybody in this. All right. Now we'll show you something. Okay. To show you how dumb this audience is. Okay. We clear those lines. Everybody who did see the movie last night. Now let's. You're turned to call in. Everybody who saw Roe V Wade. There's two in date. Two in date. Two in date. Who passive? Maybe. I don't know. You know this. Broward. Neither one. Broward is not participating. All right. Now let's clear. All right. Who like? All right. Now those of you who don't care who don't give a good fly and leap either way about Roe V Wade and the movie in abortion. Let's see those lines. Let up. Okay. Here's two in date. One in Palm Beach. This is tell you anything. Did you ever have the feeling that you were talking to yourself? Yeah. It started again yesterday. We went through that. We had this after Easter and we had that all. All of a sudden everything was going along fine. Now it's like, look at that. There's three lines flash. Even the people who don't give a damn look. Is that tell you anything? Wow. Are the Broward lines working? Wow. Oh, they're not working. They're not working. They're not working. Oh, listen to this. I hear I'm blaming the audience. Okay. Let's see. Look at that. Boca's not working. Rower does all screw up. What the hell is going on here today? What it's in here? Oh, don't give me that stuff. All right. Let's one moment please. So, it's not me. The line is screwed up. How the hell could the board make that noise? Oh, man. A regular rocket scientist in there. It's my fault. The lines are all screwed up. It I'm sitting here. My whole show is being governed because the lines don't work again. Oh, man, this place, you talk about an insane asylum. Okay. There are any of those of you out there who think you need to be in a padded cell in a rubber room. Just come on down the 79-speed cause where you'll be right at home, okay? Right at home. Anyway, guess what night it is? It's Tuesday. Yeah, those lines are really doing it for a Gary. They're really doing it. This is a disaster. This is a technical disgrace this place, okay? And of course, remember how quickly we got that line fixed last time? I don't even took us a week. We get a lot one line fixed last time. Okay, those are my sentiments. I'm not in a WI of day. The home of technical astonishment. It just never ceases to amaze me. Every day is like a hulu. Did I always say that when you work in this market every morning, you could have a 98 share every day when you come in. It's like the first day that you've been on the air because you never know if anything is going to work. You never know if these are some more ons are going to call. You never know what mood they're going to be. And it's like, and you never know what kind of idiotic memo is you're going to get for management. Oh, about my roast. roast this, okay? Oh, where's that gonna be at? I'd end the parking lot. Well, I guess this is it, huh? I'm a couple of men and a couple of men and I trust you. Oh, yeah. That was shocking. It was like the old big day. Yeah, we're going to punish the audience by playing Gary Lewis and the Playboy records all right. Listen to this. Nothing. Oh, they did they they're working on it. They're working on it. Wait a minute, you hear that? Nothing. Now there's a good home on there. Mm-hmm. You don't hear that? Oh, there you hang in here now. Really low. Okay, so half of the lines are out. I had a feeling that there was something a miss, as they say. You never know. Either that or Sandy may have been doing an abortion. A strange old Steve. I don't know what we're going to do with him. You know, he just, he's out of control. He really is on a control. I can see now I sharing just the has fits because boy, once you get something in his mind, there's no reasoning with him. He's just going to plot ahead and nobody is going to stop him. You know, no matter how idiotic it may be, no matter how repetitive it is, he's just going to bash it down your throat. But that's okay. We don't want to interfere. Do we? Do we? Sure we do. I'm trying to save him from himself. Just like he's trying to save all these unborn babies. Uh. Now see, once these people are born to hell with them. Okay. Like we got all these people living or out there in the streets and all these people are living an adject poverty and people who are with the descended bellies and everything. And we don't like watching it because it's makes us uncomfortable. Okay. So to how we that we'd like to pretend that exist, just keep women as baby manufacturers, basically. I think really deep-seated it's part of Steve's sexist psyche. It's part of his, you know, that women is supposed to be a baby making machine. Oh. And as she somehow has this responsibility to keep bearing children until she just can't bear no more. So to speak. So anyway, we've got a real exciting day here already and we just sat down. So it looks like it's going to be really good. I got a lot of good music here though. Now speaking of excitement, I was driving home from work yesterday and I was driving in the rain on the dolphin expressway now when it's a beautiful sunny perfect day. The dolphin expressway doesn't move. Can you imagine when it was like yesterday in the rain? So anyway, I saw this bumper sticker. It might be appropriate. It might be appropriate. It was a rope. That's the song they sing at 103.5. A roby young Jerry Powers WVCG bumper sticker. Mm. After me. And you believe that? Not for me, okay. Really livin' up the trip home. You know what I mean? Yeah. 1033 on all Switzerland's radio. Let's talk about that rose. Why is it I guess the feeling that we just can't get it together here? Is there some special reason I get that feeling? I can't get there act together. And if you noticed, Sharon is on vacation. Yeah. Now, if there's anybody who has any doubt, Sharon is like the catalyst for this entire building. And if you had any doubt to that, when he was out sick and other cheese on vacation, this place is like a morgue. Have you noticed? Did you see the hot topic splak black pool? No, I don't go in there. It says on vacation. The blackboards on vacation. There's no topics. On that board. It says on vacation. She's like, she's like the spark plug. She's about the only lively thing in the building. That keeps running around trying to keep these people awake and on their toes. And now that she's on vacation, it's like he just kind of lay back. It's like a morgue in this place. She looked up it down the halls. There's nobody there and just death. And move when I went out. How would they? To look at nobody there. Nobody there. Yeah, that's true. We had lunch. Not that Sharon eats a lot because she's pretty tiny little gal. But she at least gets everybody else going. Yeah. He motivates them. She ought to be on that mob and say that that would be evil. I don't think they ought to be at the motivation station, but she doesn't deserve that. Anyway, it's 1034 a WIO day. We're just going to do a lot of spots today. And, you know, that's around. Mess around a little bit. It'll be calling in the call of the first race. Oh, good. And Sunday silence is working out today. Now I hope that Joe keeps his eye peeled on the wire. So we find out that if he comes out of the workout, okay. He may actually run in the pre-nist on Saturday. Dave Johnson's going to be calling us on Friday. They, uh, ankle-be-her Thursday, touting, of course, is always an eating up a storm. Pates a loft is going to be here with food, despite what he thinks. Well, yeah, see, I don't understand that. Hank, I mean, I grant you he works here. But, uh, you know, we can take care of the food. We can cater any. There's no lunch. Two bigger, two small for us to cater as we discover yesterday. Yeah, boys. That's the, I mean, Wings plus brought enough food for, in fact, Gorbachev and Dong, Dong, Xiaoping together. Could have fed all of their troops. We could have almost fed seven almost, you know, well, now you're really not here either way. 1035 at WIOD. This is going to be some week. I can see that already with the calls yesterday and with our phone today. It's going to be some big week. Browards food up, milk is food up. So we got a little dude is pretty cool. I hope his faith, uh, while it would be bangles. It's cold. I would feel like I was at RMA. There's nothing worse than talking over the ending of a record at Inns, cool like they do on RMS. Anyway, it's a 1042 on all-head radio, I 61. Hey, listen, we got the phones are screwed up, but I'm not going to do a show with only 17 lines. We got to have at least 100 lines to do a show, don't we? Huh? That's a crank amount and really piss him off over next door, a GT. This off your neighbors. This off those neighbors, right next door, a GTR. Which doesn't take a lot. They're a little thin skin, or a little bit of a little up tight. Now the same. The 47-a-W-I-D. You know, it really, really frosted my can. Sandy already played that this morning. Anyway, pepper is going to be sending food at noon today. See, Hank, if you're listening, which I doubt, but if you were, we don't need you catering Food and here from places that aren't even sponsors. We like to bring, you know, food in from people or spend a few bucks to get a little Plug there, and peppers, which I heard on sports talk myself, Mexican right around the corner here. I can't wait for that to bring food at noon. I know to be great. Good. I got the who and Tommy, we got the whole thing here. I got it in the mayonnaise today. It may not be a bad idea after. And we have a rumor that Steve Stancell is banging his head against the door next to our GTR because we're playing better music than they are. Okay. Although that wouldn't be hard, wouldn't it? Um, yeah. I have one thing I need to mention here. That's okay. I'm going to move along. Because FM, Juan Carlos Cotex called me at home yesterday from the hero. And he's writing this piece about FM radio and music radio here. And I went on at great length and he just doesn't seem to want to. Wow, yes, he does, but it's a hard, a bitter pill to swallow. As they say, it's a bitter pill. For what? That radio FM radio in his market sucks. Oh, music is terrible. It is. It's awful. You can keep punching around. See now, most newer cars have got 12 FM presets. You've got two groups of six, you know. So it doesn't do any good. It's hard enough to fill up six, much less 12. I've trouble with six. Oh, yeah. Big trouble. Yeah, this is major news in your house and my house. And I just wanted to pass this on to everybody new tonight on David Letterman on TV. Yeah, normal Abram, who of course is everybody knows is the master carpenter from this old house. Uh, they've had a repeat last night and it was another Howard Stern appearance where Howard was trying to hock that stupid video to. So that negligent. Negligent. Negligent. And the panty party or whatever was Howard is so he did have one great line though about Ed Couch. He said he was on Hollywood Square's next in which Mayor makes the most money. You say, no, it can't be Ed Couch because he didn't have to make a lot of money because he doesn't date. Wow. What a mess. Oh, my God. Feel much in the trash. Nile, what is that? On eight. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's happening? Well, our phones are out order otherwise we'd be happy to talk to you. It's a four minute show. Well, I'm not going to talk to people with just a 20 or 30 stinkin lines working. We want to 100. Wouldn't it be great to have 100 lines and none of them with. Ah, like a nice number. Yeah, that guy thinks because see, I'm not impressed by all these douchebags that come from the came in islands. Like the guy yesterday who was supposedly from Pittsburgh and it turned out to be the same jerk Mr. Tramelo. Remember the traveler? He was my favorite call of the night. Was that a radio show? It was a radio show. Boy, I'm telling you this town. I want to tell you something seriously. Okay, this place is I think we all died and went to hell. I really do. Oh, is that possible? I mean, the weather. I love the weather. And what really pisses me off is these people at bitch about so you moved. It's a well of it's all you'll make go inside. Every place is air condition or go in your car and take a nice ride. Okay, with your air conditioning. Stop bitching about the weather. The weather's the only thing we got here. We got a bunch of Yahoo, Hayseed, Neanderthals, who run these towns, who kept this in the dark ages, even in Oergop, to Orlando, it's a real eye opener. Because you're a bunch of Yoko Yahoo, Hayseeds up there too, but they're making money. No kidding. No kidding. No. Every day, not just every week or every month, but every day is another major thing. You know what I'm saying? Like all year round. They don't have, for example, I was driving to work today. And I noticed the sign the Hollywood dog track it said, opens December 26th. The day after Christmas. And I was thinking, isn't that a funny coincidence? The day after Christmas until Easter, that's the season here, which is really just a couple of months, basically, three months. And the rest of the year, it's like we're supposed to expect to be in, in kind of our death mode, you know? Do you really think that was in a restaurant the other day? And I was a dessert menu. They had pie, all our death mode. Do you really think people are driving down here from North and in Occoing for the other day? We have a little bit of a last mode, by the way, coming up at the next hour. What? Do you think actually it's possible that tourists coming down here aren't going for their south in Orlando? Is that possible? They're going south, like to Lake Wayne of Issa, that's south. But anyway, it's really sad. It's tragic. And you people, you just sit back and you accept, well, it's just the way it is. We got a whole steam car there at Bob Cox. And we're all sitting around the table, picking her noses and it just, this is sad. I kept thinking, we could I had this. Remember, in a ramma? We just like a big sewer now. It's like a big empty parking lot with mud. And we could have had Disney, we're here, but ah, no, we didn't want that walled Disney, man. Because next thing, you know, he'll be freezing himself and we'll have to have a big refrigerator. We just can't handle this. Okay, we don't want the prosperity. You imagine if that was everything. Here's like Death Valley days and Pompano closed up. And then I see the committee up until I have to see they voted down, off track bedding. Oh, good. The first shot around. You know, they always have to postpone the inevitable. But I'll ease Yahoo screaming about, oh, the auto redraw that lot of drawing from Saturday. It wasn't on TV. I think it's fixed. You know, you know, people are at first of all, if you're playing the damn lottery, you've got to be a moron to begin with. Okay, why don't you just have a little bonfire and burn the money in your dining room, okay? Pick one of those little candles that they have. You know, one of those decorative candles and restaurants. You just burn the money. Have a little celebration instead of buying those stupid lottery tickets. You got to be out of your mind. Feel a lot more fun. Yeah, you can have a little party with a money. Okay, or better yet, give it to charity. People are starving to death. Oh, let's gamble. Yeah, you're in an amazing. How we got all these forms of gambling. We can't have to off track bedding though because that would corrupt the popular. That's gambling. And then we certainly don't want casinos because that's gambling. And you know how evil gambling. They've always got to postpone the inevitable here. Until we're starving to that toward desperate, then they finally say, Oh, maybe we should have Sunday racing. You know, everybody else has done it for 50 years. Maybe we ought to give it a try now. I'm Henry Barrow, Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers. To get a touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in date. 524 WIOD in Broward or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm beaches. Other areas may call collect. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. 10 WIOD. Oh yeah, Ricky. Oh yeah, Ricky. One moment crazy. There's a place called Kokomong. That's where you wanna go. Baby, don't wait for me at all. I'm buying the same. Got the Kokomong. Where do you fall in love? I don't think I'm gonna go to you. You can be faster than ever taking the floor. That's where you wanna go. We have to go to our clinic that monster that's here. I'm gonna go to sleep. I'm up a crack of dark chemistry. And I buy one goodbye. A little bit of gravity. I'm gonna fly. I'm gonna fly. I'm gonna fly. That dream you're gonna get. Give me a cup of this real estate. Wait and go. You're making a fool. I wanna make it to the mirror. You're making a fool. I'm gonna play mama. Kill our go. I'm gonna go. Baby, don't wait for me at all. I'm gonna go to sleep. That's where you wanna go. That's where you wanna go. We have to go to our clinic. I wanna get you quick. Everybody know. Everybody know. A little place like a fool. Now if you wanna go, you'll get away from the law. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go. I wanna take it to the mirror. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go to the high privilege. And the distinct honor of presenting to you the president of the United States. I'm gonna go. Collatances, higher taxes, politics, Georgia, federal regulations, surely. Congress, UN Broad Obsessive, government who, they know, government who, you know. These are actions we're taking for the public good. We must tie the hands of business. We must tie the hands of crime. We must tie the hands of poor children. This is a hard time. Hard time. I'm gonna go wrong. I'll wait just five times. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I know. Hard time. Doing what I think is right. But in the end, we all pay the price. I'll pay the price. I'm employment is too high. I've left our country down. Thank you. I'm a little bit of crime and race to the Berlin Wall thing. I'm going to lay down at the Windsor Change or with a snail. Like a carman is in the lawn. Yes, we're a hunter. Crime and politics so much to be grateful for. But we have art. We have aisle. We have ass. We have old, we have eight in our society. We're in a subrock road. I saw, I saw, I saw, I saw, I saw, I saw. Elvis, the magazine cost of freedom. The magazine cost of health. The magazine for a nuclear war. I'm all keeping myself. We're on free forward. Okay, 11 16 at WIO do. Okay, 11 16 at WIO do. I bet you didn't pay this year. You did beat us to Led Zeppelin this morning. No question about that. Well, that's Sandy. What are you going to do? I'm going to do. It's a town where we're all. That's one of the T-R. They do. What is that said? We don't have time for some of the whole thing. No. And he has been just being so busy. So you're going to play with that. Why? Everything's broken. What's up with this? What's up with this? What's up with this? What's up with this? No. Yeah. Yeah. That's just one. Oh yeah. Oh, Mitch, come on. Who else in the world would even remember that? Just obsessed. Autosickness. Mitch. Wow. That was shocking. Did you hear me say that on my way home yesterday, I saw Robby Young Jerry Powers WBCT numbers. Oh, great. A serious. What is that? Okay, it's 11 17 at WIO. We're just having a good time to lunch shows up. Thank you so much, Mitch, for that inane piece of bad music. Wow. They're playing that on GTR, huh? Yeah. But you're up, Bill. That spike wise boy. He is just really butcher in that place. Anyway, we do have an open line in Palm Beach. Let's just make sure it's working. It's working. So all eight lines are working in seven of Marlet. Are you excited? Oh. And I should have said this. And I blew it. That poor guy that was on a line before. By accident. He was the best call in Twitter. And he was only on like through a miracle. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, Leo. Yeah. Family rock. Is it too spying? Who? That's it. Pretty weak. Well, I guess so we don't want to expect too much all our wants. A Stanley who? So you said seven are lit, huh? Right. As I speak, seven of Marlet even Palm Beach is lit up. How do you like that? Not exciting. How that was an example. We just had a... Well, he was a mobile. Okay. No more mobile today. We're not talking anymore mobile phones. If they say they're calling, no mobile phone hang up on him. Second time these pseudo intellectual idiots. You notice how more and more the mobile calls are idiots? Yeah. No questions. More ons. Plantation. Hello. Is this the speak to the stars of LA Law Hotline? Yeah. Go ahead, sir. Real quick. Make it real snappy. What do you want? All right. Was it? Okay. Okay. LA Law. Yeah. No way already. Nobody watches LA. No one. They don't. No, no. Just like the people who claim to watch nightline. It is not everybody. Don't forget this week, 9 to 11 Thursday night on CBS. We have a special two hour edition of Nots Landing. Thursday from 10 to 11. We have the final LA Law. Nobody cares about that. That's what we're getting in our head start. It's the only way we can compete. Okay. There's an opening and power. If you move real. I don't even watch Nots Landing in World. I hate it. It's so tedious and so Honduras. You know, actually when you sit right down and stop and think about it, it's like any of these soap operas. If you had the trauma in your life, these people have air every stinkin day. I mean, it just never stops and people are murdering each other and people are psychotic. And just kind of like around here. Yeah. Yeah. You can deal with it. You can deal with it. Okay. Hello. Hey, Neil burn. And none of these people even has a shrink. That's the amazing part. Am I right? You're absolutely right. I don't want you either. The show. They both suck. I'm going to watch what's his name, the home handyman there with the NopiBS. You know, Bob. Bob Vila. Bob Vila. And his farewell show. Benson, I have a Bruce Williams, Spireyport. How do they know? I say, it really fits in. It's Tuesday. You know, I was driving up to Orlando and there was nothing on the radio at night. So just put it on. No, you're wrong about that. Go ahead. And you think your calls are bad. She can hear his cough. It's two calls. One was about this guy who was going to invest in oil and gas and West Virginia. And it was going to take out a second mortgage on his home. Yeah. And the other call was about this lady who had old silverware and wanted to know the best place to trade it in. Oh, she can call Sandy. I think it helped her out with that one. She's got the collectibles guy on. And the guy is on there. It's not in your show. Like he's actually going to get into someone's soul and help them. Yeah. And those were the two clock call that listen to. I remember. Well, so how long to show? I'll tell you that. Just open up that pot and put any crap on that you want. Speak it about bush bring bang tonight for eight to nine thirty five Yankee baseball time. Even worse than bush bring bang. I don't listen to that guy here. Nightyale's for a few months. The book. His promo is about the most exciting thing. What the end of the promer goes, let's do it. What is that? Oh, he does that all the time. He thinks he's funny and he's not. He's just embarrassing. And he'll go do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. He makes all these little stupid sounds. He's like it's like the march of the right wing. Um, Brigade or something. I don't know what he's doing. I'm sorry. If these guys are national. Yeah. What is that? You could be the king. The king and the king. I mean, the king, the queen, the court and everything. Well, I got part of that knocked already. Because these guys suck. Yeah. I know. I thought here we go. I'm driving up a folly going to listen to his guys national. And he talks like he's going to touch everyone's heart. I don't forget, I roughest duolo was national too. He used to be on overnight. Today in Z. I roughest. He went there and oh, God. He makes Bruce William sound like, um, like the answer man. And then he had pathetic. Then he had this guy on afterwards to talk about personal problems. Another national guy, part of Bruce William's his chef. Yeah, talking it. Yeah, talking it. That's it. They were just pathetic. One more thing. And then some bank and wife has a new promotional. You know, W.L. Y.F. Yeah. They have a poster. Right. The music. Yeah. Well, that's for people who are posters. Okay. People who are like postcard posters. They have a poster and one of these guys from the radio station. My own sitting on the desk. And they actually think they can do the candle. Yeah. Well, listen, it's obvious you got a richful life pal. So, all right. I would get out of MAP of the US today and start looking at a real series. What's in the air? No. Get August. Are you? Yeah. See, I had a thing about this guy just to tell his voice that he's had it. I'm so sick of stuff. I'm in a part of MAP. I'm in a part of MAP. I'm in a part of MAP. You know, at this town bites the big one. There's nothing going on here. It's his dead as a door nail. We got a bunch of old farts who are dried up in your condos running the whole town. I'm driving everybody else out. It just did sucks. You know, if it wasn't for the weather, there wouldn't be three people here. And the weather gets better. All these chamber of commerce. People try to blue sky everybody. Everybody how wonderful it is in the beaches. His dead is a door nail. And the four lot of nails even dead. I think the whole stuff works. It's just really so far. The biggest thing they got to talk about is whether the lottery drawing was kosher or not whether we should do it over again. Because they like if we do it over again, they're going to win it. Right? Yeah. I was fine. All right. Now you're talking. I got 76 bucks ahead in the Canadian lottery. So look out and I got eight months of drawings to go. I knew I would bite brighten up your calling. Well, I got new. I got new this for your call was mediocre, but it was sensational compared to any yesterday. I was full of information. That's true. You know, I didn't sound like an idiot, but I wasn't, you know, humorous. I could buy. Hi. See ya. Now he was very good. I must confess. Well, light years ahead of yesterday. Well, not quite negative enough for me, but other than that. He was honest. Okay. He was honest. This town sucks. Let's stop covering up for all these kneeanderthal, politician and chamber types. Okay. This town needs some goddamn life in it. Okay. Somebody who's got enough balls to see, you know, this place is dying instead of all these articles. Well, we built another strip shopping center this week. So everything's looking up. I got in plantation. We got enough strip shopping centers to last a lifetime. We could have the entire world shopping at our strip shopping centers. No restaurants, but a lot of strip shopping centers. It's 1125. It's W-I-O-D. Where everyone at everything is beautiful. Okay. We have an open line in date and one in Boken. Other the lines are working. We got two stinkin' open lines. What the hell is that all about? We're having a profound, meaty discussion of the current issues of the day. And we got two stinkin' open lines. And then Steve today is doing another abortion. It's about time. Yeah. I've been an abortion withdrawal myself. Now, seriously, I keep poking all week long. I've been poking myself with the coat hanger because I just can't handle it. 1125, W-I-O-D. Well, you're laughing, but if Steve had his way, that's what they'd do. Okay. That's what these poor women would be doing. It'd be running out there in back alleys with butchers and coat hangers. It's a child in there. I wanted. I wanted. Lori and I will raise it. Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood with the best service department going anywhere. As I said the other day, man, you can buy a car anywhere. Everybody in their brother is selling cars. But getting great service, that's another story. And the service department of Toyota of Hollywood's got all of the order. They got like the president's award. And they try to give him the vice president's award, but they gave that one back. You know, they want to be associated. But seriously, they really do a great job. In fact, they've got a little assistant there where you can actually stand and watch while they work on your car, which most places they don't even want you to see what they're doing. And don't forget the special in the service department for the month of April has been extended now this month throughout the rest of May. If you take your car in, mention W-I-O-D. They will change the oil and filter for only 995 and also toss in a 25 point complete safety inspection. They will check your brakes, your tires, hoses, the whole smear from top to bottom. All for just 995 when you mention W-I-O-D. And while you're there, take a few minutes to browse around and check out the great selection of beautiful 89 Toyota's at lower than ever prices right now. It's a smart time to buy. At Toyota of Hollywood on state road 7, that's 441 between tapped and Sheridan streets in Hollywood. Now we heard the other day that Dion lives in North Bay, Philadelphia. So every once in a while we're just going to play a little bit of Dion there. And not like the whole record because that would be wrong. Magic would get upset. But, and then maybe he'll call in or stop by for lunch one day. Dion, the moochie wouldn't have to be supplicated. You know, came in hung out for a while and people would be calling and say, who's that? No, our audience is very deon intensive. Okay, don't kid around with that. Okay, we have an open line in date County. I'm not giving these numbers out. Okay, because we went through a traumatic hour. Most of the lines were screwed up and we had all that hum and puke and pop on the phone. If you don't want to talk to us, that's okay. We understand is only 4 million people out there who could be listening to the show. I mean, this station reaches all the way up almost to Orlando. Yeah, it's right. And we get into the big time. We get in a Yehaw junction real good. New Samarna Beach. Fort Drum. That's a right. Fort Drum, like a local. Like a rock. I hear Jim from a specs. We don't want to keep Jim online too long because he may be paying for the call. I didn't do it, Jim. I'm not paying for it. Oh. Speaking of Dan, he was here at the warehouse last week. Well, no, come on. I'm serious. He said he really liked your show. And now come on. D.I. doesn't listen to my show. Yeah, I got pictures of the prove. Take yours of what? Wow. You don't want to. No, seriously. He came by here and he said he really liked your show. And he, you know, would hopefully come on there sometime. Are you serious? Are you serious? Now, wait a minute. Let's load on the meds when they were in spring train. The meds when they played down here. The Orioles, for example, they were listening to the show in the dugout. Yeah. Meds like to show. Dave Johnson and Tom Durkin are obsessed with the show. They're neelies to the point of embarrassment. And now, Dion who lives in North Bay Village turns out to be listening to the show. I don't know if he's a healer or not. Well, I have to get one to admit it. See anything about Monty Rock if he listens to me. Oh, I hope not. Oh, no. We got enough image problems already on. But you should listen to the new CD. So you really didn't. Well, you know, that new music, beat bolder once told me said, if you're playing in music, that's the kiss of death. But I have a right in my hand. King of the New York streets. And they're like, it's song in there called, written on the subway wall. Really? It's got Paul Simon on it too. It's great track. Really? I'm going to put it on with that. Or I'm going to play it this time. I'm going to play it. And I sure appreciate all the good stuff you guys are sure. You know, we love your show. And you know, I think you need this call of stuff. You have a old CD with pretty little angelized by Curtis Lee. I would sure love to have that because I had that. But of course, I left a lot of my oldies stuff at Zeta. And now they're never going to give it back, I guess. That's the one. Don't embarrass yourself on your project. Come on. You were doing so well. And now all of a sudden you're lapsing into this. Okay. I'll check that out for you. Thank you, Sir. You're a gentleman in Scotland. Say hi to Deon. I'm a big fan, by the way. Okay. Tom, I bring over Saxum Money. Okay. That's Jim. Bye. That's not that. He's shocking. Okay. You'd be pretty damn amazed at who's listening to the show every day. You know what? You would be shocked. Yeah. shocked. Yeah. Wow. All Simon. Yeah. Okay. 11. 15. 5. 11. 5. 5. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. Okay. 11. 55. It'll probably make you real jealous. But Joe Johnson has a killing client coffee cup. Oh, sorry. I have a zoo joe. Wow. Anyway, you've got a real nice birthday gift there for Mary and Fort Latterdale. Yeah. Huge balloon and all the stuff is inside. You've got a pop. Pop. The balloon. They don't easily let me have these razor blades. No. No. They hide them for me. Far away. Oh, gee. Even when you know it's wild. Shocking. And. Boy. Oh. Candy. Yeah, there's a nice candy. English toffee. I love that stuff. Yeah. What's fattening is something I still love. A tons of it. And that's all just on it. But it's. He was through a cute. And it's in the form like a big egg. Yeah. The balloon like a gigantic egg. It's a little nasty. Very a loyal fan. It's got a little nest. Yeah. On that candy. Really cute. Thank you, Mary. You're just a. Dion has moved to Boka from North Bay Village. Wow. Well, what the hell's going on Dion? You finally get the smart year old age. Oh, my. Well, half smart. He got out of North Bay Village. But now he's in a Boka. Well, North Bay Village is like kind of. Um. Marginal. Well, the problem in North Bay Village is you have to drive down 79th street to get there. Yeah. And unless you got a helicopter, you're not aware. See, moved up Boka. No wonder Dion is a little. Psychonic these days. Huh? Okay. We got a couple of open lines on the board. We had a first hour that was desperate. On to raw messed up. And since then, we've had shocking calls. shocking. Very true. Including Jim from specs in John Hammond and got all he knows will be calling in the next two hours. Of course, we're not too excited about it. Because any minute peppers is going to be coming with lunch. Which is become kind of like a thing on the show now. So Johnny can come at the moldies. So saw the. Johnny can collect on the Boka line or the Palm Beach line. True. Or he can pay for it. Okay. No Boka's open, right? Well, I can call Boka. And the Poca line. And Palm Beach. Okay. They're open. Yeah, come on, Johnny. Stop being a douchebag. Real busy. You're looking for a job. Ha ha ha ha. No, why? Yeah, right. Oh, this is filler to news. Is that what this is? And now here's Grace Swift. Or Winston by the. Ha ha ha. You look so happy. Ha ha ha. And one, two, three, like bread. I'm praising girl. I'm Grace's lick. You know, when I was on the road with Jevon's Neuroplane in his 60s, I changed a lot of white rabbit. And I usually chase them with scotch. Hey, but I don't get high anymore. Now I like to get Flintstone. I just drop a couple of days or denows before a concert and I'm getting a buzz on vitamins and minerals. Just like that. Modern Stone Age family down the street. Now, when the white night is talking backwards, I know my current day was probably just a reverse. So when the men on the chessboard get up and tell you where to go, and tell them you're going for some Flintstone vitamins. And we're going for a... Oh, we're going for a second. Ha ha ha. It's me, your friend. Ha ha ha ha. The old friend. Ha ha ha. Yeah, I thought it was the record. Isn't it great? I got it. That's all right. I have the Cushies. Anyway, Steve has got another abortion today from 2 to 6. We'll tell you a lot more about that later, much later, including the Reverend Pat Mahoney is going to be on for the 80 second time. That's way too shocking. Sports talk, sunny and Joe would Lou Gorman, GM of the Boston Red Sox. And boy, thank God, we don't have anybody from the Yankees on. And then we got Bush Bing Bang just briefly. But now and a half is all we can take. And the Yankees game at Oakland is a 935. So that's pretty much the agenda. That's the way the lay of the land is. It's got Sanderson's pitching for the Cubs today. So some of us are going to be rushing out having dinner at Mom's tonight. But you know how we have to kind of arrange these things. Priority Cubs games. Anyway, April War them is here with a new and Wiod News. That ought to get a lot of guys perked up right on the edge of their seats. And then we'll be back with more and probably would lunch. Ha, at about 12.05, we sure wish you could be here to enjoy that delicious, mouthwatering Mexican food from peppers. But better rush than you, I guess. Oh, Chris is just better to round. Even groupies that turning a bell. It's so hard to keep a yet sound. It's me, my wheelchair. Wish my face would do your own thing. I'm going to be back with you. But I'm going to be back with you. I'm going to be back with you. I'm going to be back with you. I'm going to be back with you. Wish my face would do your own thing. It's kind of wrinkly and unscrupulous. Father's eyes so gentle, gentle. Get me my wheelchair. Wish for all the gifts of life that I will live for the rest of my life. I'm going to be back with you. My name is Mike. From these occasions to leave you home. Grab my dancers and then put them down. Nature cream. You still look sharp when we were last. But if you think that we look really bad, check keep your future doubt that's truly bad. Get me my wheelchair. Wish for all the gifts of life that I will live for the rest of my life. I'm going to be back with you. I'm going to be back with you. I'm going to be back with you. I'm giving my wheelchair my wheelchair. He doesn't write to me. He's like, you. Wish for all the food. I'm going to go. Ouch. I haven't done any of these. That is hard to believe. Anyways, it's 12 o'clock at WIOD and our friends are here with the food. Yes, that's right. Shocking from peppers which is right up the street behind the place for steak. We can mention that. Look at that. We got chicken burritos and beef fajitas and rice and beans. No beans for me. My dogs get real at that. Beef burritos and case ideas. It all kinds of sauce. Oh my gosh shrimp and jalapeno fajitas. That sounds like orgasmic. Chicken fajitas and lots of food here today. So what kind of like sorted out first and see what's left for the peons? Wow. Good. He's always crazy here. Thank you very much. Well, listen, the feeling is mutual when you're feeding us like this. Is there soup? Are you tortillas soup? Well, that sounds right up my alley. Tortillas soup. I think I once had tortillas soup was excellent. So we're ready for a little lunch now. See you guys out there in the audience. Eat your heart out. We're eating great food. You're eating your heart out. Are there some spoons over there too, by any chance? What? Inside? Now these look like forks to me unless they're making spoons in a new shape. Now these look like forks. Anyway, it's not, oh, what the hell is that? Oh my god. Let me just take a peek at that. Mmm. Wow. Just tell Sandy. Okay. Was she trying to scomp it up before you brought it back here? No, now she's all right. She's just going through change of life. That is really fascinating. This is just, I can't even believe this. See what I'm going to do. I mean, it's kind of ridiculous, but what I do is I eat this stuff without the tortilla. It just eat this. I understand that. But I don't want to gain all that weight back that I lost. This is what all of this is fattening. This is not, right? That sounds good. It sounds good. Okay. Trust me. Just agree with me. Boy, this is tremendous gentleman. You have really, I've done yourself. This is kind of a little early birthday celebration. I'm very, very happy. I have a birthday balloon. And now we got enough food from peppers to kill the army. Wow, this is incredible. And, in fact, we got some spoons back here or somewhere. We had a million spoons yesterday for the soup. Ten-passed note of Wiod. It's lunchtime at the Mouldies. Not only. We got spoons. We got four. We got it all here. Man, when you got as much food coming as we do every day, you got a few tenses to a little sour cream. Cool, not for me. Oh, not quite. That's the only thing I don't like is guacamole. But I'm sure you love it, don't you? Sure. Okay. Just pour it on his head. And here's Nick probably got some spoons. Look at this. We got utensils that haven't been made yet for dishes that haven't been cooked. Yeah, there we go. Look at that little soup spoon. We got that tortilla soup. Just a little cup, perhaps. I don't want to be pushy or anything. Look at this. We got a call from Halton City, Texas. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. How you doing, everybody? All right. I called you from Jupiter a couple weeks ago and told you I was moving out here. From Jupiter. Yeah. Now in Texas and probably after that on Uranus, right? You could be. Well, that would be. Without here we're having like, what's what watch is saying. Oh, this kind of stuff. How are things down there? Hey, things down here are as boring as ever pal. It's just terminal. Okay, but we got an exciting lunch from Pepper. We got some Mexican food going to spice up our life a little. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm sure they got some real great liberal voices out there in Texas. Oh, I got a halt in city. Oh, boy. Aside from the religious great. I heard it's so good out there. You have to put a sheet over your radio before you turn it on. Is that true? Yeah. It's state law. No doubt about it. Well, I just wanted to say hey. Okay. Listen, say hi to John Tower for us too. Okay. And tell him to have one on us. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Put a pin in the map for me. Okay. You got it. Fine. Yeah. Bye. This is great, gentlemen. This is phenomenal. Are you all ready? Look at that. He didn't waste any time. He just digs right in. Right into it and goes nuts. What are you eating now? You're going to shrimp and shrimp and one? How opinion? Yeah. It's a little hot. I like it. A little hot side. That's why the steam is coming out of your ear. That's right. Thank you, gentlemen. This is a tremendous and we can't thank you enough. Believe me. Okay. Good to see you. Keep it up. So the speed. Okay. It's a 12 pass note. And WI-D. Speaking of food before I sink my teeth into all of this fantastic. Steve, we want to tell you about another one of our favorite things. Call 37 and WI-D. Well, they sure made quicker a lot of this stuff than they. They just went nuts. Right? Good. Well, that is good. We don't want to have a lot of stuff left over. Just leave us another one of those abortion. We don't want us to get to lose their appetite. Okay. We have an open line in date County 751 WI-D. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi there. Yeah. Great show. Really? Every routine that you have is terrific. Every routine? Every routine. Play in the records. Play in the tapes. Play in the cards. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. To the end? I'm out of material. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. Well, now I know why you're so easy to play. It's good luck to pal. Wow. The guy's laughing too much. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I had to cut you short. The lady will go nuts. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Now, excuse me while I extend my long cord. Where are you going? Well, I just want to see if there's anything left. Oh. Because what I had was delicious, but it's not constitute everything, no? Well, like here's a, um, what? Look at these, these sluppers are back for more now. They're out of their minds. Oh, rison beans. No, I don't think I'm going to participate in that. What's in the, uh, is there anything in there? Oh, yeah. I'm going to stop there. Because there's not a fan in there. That's great. Ha ha ha. I must have been tremendous because the newsroom is back for seconds. No, I'm not going nuts. Crattle. Oh, look at that. I just monged all over myself and all over the floor and all over everywhere. It's okay. I got it just a little bit, just a little, uh, just a little thing. Not too bad. Okay. It's 12. 39 at WIOD at all food radio. We could start a new format from the stone shoe, just eating all the long different. We have different places coming in like for breakfast and lunch and dinner and snack places. We get our ice cream places in the evening. Not a bad idea. And then during bush Bing Bang, we could like, uh, bring an arsenic and stuff. Okay. 21 till one. Let's get serious. Let's start doing a radio show here. Okay. What I'm through eating, which is going to be a wild. I'm monged on my beautiful house. I was like there. But I saved it from hitting the floor. It's Steve Appaplectic. You know, because he's got a heavy heavy abortion show on today, which is very unusual on a cane show. By the way, the guy called me back, you know, the fellas have brought the food from peppers and he forgot to call Dwight and Tim the owner is douchebag. Uh huh. He got for them. And we just did it. Now is there some more. Is there another fork anywhere? I'm sure there are. I like I said, I, here's one right here. Boy, this must be my lucky day. I should go out to the track and plunge my brains up, but I'm not gonna. Mm-hmm. Because I got to see that cubs game boy. It's going to be heavy duty today. And what's got Sanders in pitching will need all the help we can get. Anyway, so this is the chicken, the heat out without the tortilla. Mm. Oh, well the onions and peppers and tomatoes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Is this bad real? Ah. Ha. Ha. You do have an open line in day count. I still, I don't know why. I'm taking at least four calls today. I have one. Including one from John Hamburg. Excuse me. It was interesting hearing from John. One of them. You know, they have a, I'm real interesting, but it was marginally interesting. Sonski has a column in the hair. Oh, morning. Steve Sonski about, uh, NBC's new fall shows. That will be on John Hamburg stations. The best John Hamburg station. John, he had its station. Yeah. You didn't know. But the most interesting one is called, you'll be able to relate to this. It's called Nuthouse from a new fall show. Mm-hmm. Beyond the Wednesday night, Mel Brooks, uh, put this together with the Mel Brooks. Yeah. With Alan Spencer who did Sledgehammer, which I, of course, Leachman will be at Harvey Corman. Well, here's up here in a grove who can't afford to wait. Hello. Hi, Neil. What does that mean? You can't afford to wait. I run my lunch break and, you know, what is it? Oh, okay. Oh. I'm going today. Well, I was kind of in the middle of something to go ahead. Oh, I saw a sense of urgency on a screen with his call. Yeah. Well, I had to speak to it. Never coffee for it. I just thought it was time. Time for one. Then I'll call you once in a while. You give it to all of you from London. What? What? Did you get her once in a while? Forget it. Okay. Go ahead. Well, that was ridiculous. I didn't even know what that was. What? What? Do you know, I don't know. Most from the grove, doesn't that answer the question? Yeah. First, we have that. And then I see Bill Wise in front of me and I'm like, Oh, the day this is. Would you like some things up there? Because we played all that great music this morning and their numbers are. Here he looks. Here he comes. Yeah. Would you like some sleepover, T.T.R.man? Bill? When you play Judas Priest, he was nervous, but when we followed, it would let Zeppelin. He was just folding him up. He was. Go ahead. But anyway, I was reading over some of these. Other shows, once called. This is about FMB and dead in this part. What are you talking about? What is that crap? Oh, we don't want to play dirty stuff. And here, go take that next door. Mama's got a squeeze box. Squeeze this. Will ya? Get outta here. Let's go. Let's go. Let's do that good signal. I'm going to pick it up. Well, we're pretty far from the antenna. You know, from the stick. Get it out of here. We don't play until things stuff like that on a. No. Would you like some, Bill? There he goes. Well, yeah. Mad man. Out of Mama's. Squeeze this. Okay. Boy. What a potty mouth. Wash your wife. Seedy player out with chlorox. Go ahead. That was a lot better than what I was doing. Why not? I forgot what you're doing already. I bought NBC's new show. How's time at the new show? Brooks. Yeah. That's the nut house. Which I thought you'd like to see. Yeah. I'm fitting in right now. But some of these others, one's called day watch with Parker Stevenson. Hey, watch. Another one is called Hardball. It'll be on Friday night. But I was reading the little description of all these and it reminded me of network. It sounded just like a network. And here's one called man Kuso FBI will be on Friday night with Robert Lodd. Look at that. I was a taped in Batavia, New York, my computer. He reprises his role as Nick Man Kuso, a crusty dedicated FBI's. He buffed a nine hour. Yeah. Who hates bureaucracy, but can't resist in treating bathelling crime. So it doesn't sound exactly like me. A description of the show. When they did it network. That was all that. Yeah. All we need is faith. Don't know where to come in here in real day. But that house looks real promising. Mel Brooks doing a TV show. But you don't win tonight to 930. That's exciting. Yeah. Whatever you say. John Hamburg, I'm sure, is very excited today. Hmm. So anyway, it's 1244. Just to get even with Spike Wise. What goes on in your heart, then next to you, mine. You get loud in the middle of the night. Well, they crank that music as high as it will go. And it sounds like the telegram. Well, they have long hair and lots of tattoos. Seeing them and they like to use me a bright. The music is so fast and it's so loud. Oh, now they say the metallic color. You suppose to say to turn it out to like to get to see for once. But what's the shape to be just for all not like that. Anyway, here's an interactive, but it's a demo. This interactive demo is an example of how this might sound on your station. And we hope not. Let's call it Cubs Broadcaster and Future Hall of Famer Harry Carrying. We've got this number right here. Push this up. Yeah. Harry Carry comes broadcast here. And the phone is ringing. Waiting for Harry. Oh, hello. Here. Oh, get everybody. This is all right. Hi. The cops and I will be home on the 16th and 17th. Well, now, yeah. Yeah. Well, then we'll be back on the road and home on the 20th. It's a big time. We'll get here the phone. I said, call it is it? No. Anyway, when you hear the toll, just leave a message. I'll get back to you. I remember any reproach, Ash. We've conducted some other use of the description of this recorded message. It's strictly prohibited. So, turn it. If I think it could be, it is the code. Oh, we got solar everybody. Harry, I know they're putting you in the Hall of Fame this year. But if you don't start taking your medications, they'll be putting you in another kind of institution. Bye-bye. Call you later. Thanks. Yeah. Well, that demo. Don't you like the way they do those. Those interactive zozer. Have you do my favorite interactive? So, me, to assume that somebody gave me a diet soda again. Wouldn't that probably... Because it happened like two days and last week. Yeah. Because I'm almost out. I'm almost out of my little tiny thing. You don't want to push it. Well, since we feed the whole building, I assume that maybe just once in a grey while. I'm going to post upon them. Well, we'll see. We'll see what happens if somebody comes rushing up here with a diet coke. Or not, as the case may be. We won't feel bad. We just won't give you any more food. Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. Glenn happy birthday. Thank you. What a lunch today. Yeah, it's a lucky day. Good time. Shocking. I'll take that place that one day. Great. All right. First of all, I just finished Glenn with a lady that called and did like the laughing and a cat queen. Uh-huh. Oh, I haven't like it. You know, on a time field, don't understand. You know, they don't see what's going on there in the studio. You know, that you find funny or the mean. Well, it's an interesting thing to complain about. Always find that fascinating. You don't have to depress him right. Obviously. Yeah. Obviously. I don't imagine. Complaining about laughing. Just amazes me. Sad lies. I guess. I guess it's pathetic. I guess we should be glad we're not like that. I guess. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what to think about it. Nothing on the left. Yeah. Tell me, hey, listen. I just need to put a rejoin. Is real short one? Uh-huh. That's my, that's my doing now. So that's part of my floor mat. They're really great. I like them. They're like good. Why do I, you know? Okay. Well, I'm glad we got your stamp of approval. Yeah, good. Um. I saw Peter Boulder. He said he'd like to get it on the GKR pool. You know, when the window card will even. Uh-huh. I got notice for you. You may see Peter Boulder at the bottom of the GTR pool pretty soon. I don't doubt I don't doubt it. I want one more thing for a go. Does Rob Well? Have a nice day, sir. 1254 at WIOD. We have an open line in dates. 751-9463-751-WIOD. We have an open line in design gages and customizable sell indiscriminate places. I'm not a feeling no, I'm not a couple There isn't a single thing that I want to do I'm not a single, oh, oh I gotta get me a little bit I gotta get me a little bit I gotta get me a little bit What's running through the whole train? I fly my side like a woman I take a sin and something all the time So you fight, just show me out of the train Can't it be like a guy gets me a little bit I gotta get me a little bit I gotta get me a little bit I gotta get me a little bit There's no one's closed this night So you fight, just show me out of the train I love a little bit I'm not a girl, no girl Love a little bit I gotta get you I gotta get you I gotta get you I gotta get you I gotta get you I gotta get you I gotta get you And get you I gotta get you You know what's inside Okay, here comes the definitive story on the album for Mr. Music and there's a nickname. You've got subway walls, it's good, but the rest of the album is filler. Oh, there'll be a referee on here, and say, you say classic, because this is a great record right here. It's in the station. Well, all these great backgrounds, vocals, and everything. I bet you and the night's good still is great, too. Do you think they'll play any of this on there? They won't play it anywhere in this market, okay? Because this market sucks when it comes to music, okay? Yeah, but what about something? What about on WRMF? Oh. Only if they can talk over the last half. They can talk up and talk out, but they're trying to get done. What about second? On WRMF? We've got this. That's like that. That's how they do. They step on the field. That's the right album. There you go. What? Now, we'll forget. Now, this is called the clock through. Yeah. The clock through. Whoa. Time out. We've got to be here. Well, I'm going to listen to it in the car in a way home. Now, I usually listen to Steve, but of course he's doing abortion today, so I got something to listen to. Great album. It's Dion, and it's called, Mio Frankie. Yo. Yo. On a rister records. A little that I know when we started today, we'd be playing yo. A little did I know. Thanks to Jim, it's specs. And of course the perspicacious John Habrick, who's taste in music is almost as good as his taste in women. Twenty percent. Whatever that means. It's not that it's not good. Twenty two after one at WRMF. And Toyota of Hollywood boy, they got a deal for you. Those incredible factory rebates. She add on top of that all the great savings that they normally pass along. And then you add on top of that, the extra savings that a lot of cart dealers are passing along now. And you've got what it was that to a fantastic deal. Twenty five hundred dollar factory rebates on all MR-2s. Thousands of $2,000 rebates on those beautiful Toyota Camries and $14,000 rebates on Toyota pickup trucks. So for the deal of a lifetime, get in right now to Toyota of Hollywood and don't forget the service department throughout the rest of his month continues the WIOD special. Imagine WIOD the Givinoelle change plus filter in a 25.60 check from top to bottom all of that only 995. At the southeast Numerous Uno Toyota dealer Toyota of Hollywood on 441 at state road 7 between tap and Sheridan streets in Hollywood. This is the Neil Roger Show. This is your way. Any questions? He's an Ozone Provacitor. WIOD, we had to get that somewhere along the line we had to get. That was a great, yeah. Cat-to-dave and Dick Mutherely together in stereo. Palm Beach, hello. Hi, how you doing Neil? Okay. Great fancier. Well that's great. For my role as sporting goods and we were talking, we just had an incident, a friend of mine, the next door day, Wayne, see him a Moscow, it's to a dad there and we, she's telling me how nasty they are. You remember like you were talking a couple months ago? See him a Moscow, it's yeah. Huh? She went down where? There's a bagel-placed Mary, he's a big-el-place where you see? What? What are you talking about? Every sitting on nasty goes away, he's there or down at that big-el-place. I never hated any bagel-place. It's better even in a bagel-place in my life. Oh, you're kidding. No. You're always talking about it. I think you know, are you having hallucinations, I think? Yeah, maybe. I think you probably had too many prune home and talk about talk, but that's kind of carrying over. Is that possible? Is that possible? Is that possible? Yeah. I just wanted to know, do you read at the Salmo's Pizza? All the time, it's great. I just thought I spoke with Steven, he told me to tell you, because we're trying to get you in here. To come here is make a parent set the white world of sporting goods, and he said to invite you to his new grand opening in plantation. Yeah, that's right up the street for me, that's by my old wind mixing. Right, so, and you know, when is that going to be? They just opened, but he said, yeah, they were really packed and everything, but he told me to tell you, or ask me to tell you, to invite you to come there anytime. Well, that's great. I'll be there. I love to sell those, or food is great, and they're super-fogs. And are you in any sports at all? Am I in any sports? Have you ever heard this show, sir? Well, meeting sports in here, so. He means part is a- Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, okay. Okay. Got it. Okay. I'm in the mind, wrestling. I'm in wrestling. Well, at the any time you need anything, you can feel free to come in here and have a free for all. Okay. I'm here to meet. We're right across from the Broward Mass, so white world was sporting goods. Right across from the Broward Mass, like, on which- On each side, on each side, either. I got it right over there by the, that one restaurant there where they have the armpits for the, I understand we're talking about. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. Whoa. That was pretty shocking. When it went to I7, a WID, we have an open line in Palm Beach, 655 WID. I'm trying to, just relax not because all of that hot spicy, the Mexican food was great. And then of course the tortilla soup kind of like is turning it all up there. And I'm just trying to sit here and just let it all kind of, and work away, you know, and just kind of mellow out. You know what I'm saying? Kind of. And hope that it just stops gurgling a little bit quite as great. It was really tremendous. And third of the day, Hank's going to be here. It's the birds' birthday. So we hope that people out there who like, bake cakes and stuff like that. Well, I don't know what you're laughing about. Well, I'm glad. You know, we have a giant party here on Thursday. Okay. I'm sure. Well, big celebration. Maybe even boom boom. That's hope not. God knows who. Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Now we can invite Johnny Dark to come in. He's looking for a free meal. I have a question Neil, if the bread went to work the motivation station, if it changed names of W. Glenn and then. That's cute. One more thing I've, I've, I've, I've, I've, I've never happened to old the Glenn with two Wednesday. Remember our friend Joe? Yeah, sure, too. I wonder whatever happened to Joe, you know? I guess he's working for the CIA now. Couldn't find anything in my house. So now he's working for the CIA. Well, what a, what a deal that was. Some day I'm going to tell a whole story on the air was incredible. We're shocking. Wait, you hear it? You know what they say about Joe, don't you? He's an ozone provocateur. Yeah. We should only two ends. But I don't feel like you're in. Sure, no problem. What line are you on? I love these punk kids that call it. And every time you got a wrestler on, Hey, does tell you doing, man. All of a sudden, they get like real butcher. Real macho and real estate. And Dusty, of course, is putting his wig back in place. It's great. 21 till 2 a W. I heard that story. Dusty was talking about that. The love she was blonde. You know, and all I didn't say was a guy though. Anyway, let's take a few more calls here because we're getting really close to that exciting point of the show where we say goodbye. That's a, that's the exciting point to me. Not the lightning round. What were we say goodbye? I thought you're going to tremendous feeling of release. I thought you're going to. You're going to tell some Dusty road stories. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know anything about Dusty roads. And I'm sure he's a wonderful, a 12 fella. But I think about those professional wrestlers. Okay, there's still a lot of grappling and growping going on. And all this is a young guy. So many, so much on it. You know, it's, it's so anywhere there with these two priests. I think it's far. Okay, Steve today, reaction to that exciting rovers is Wade NBC TV movie. That was on last night. Susan Gryckman, pro-choice liberal, Melissa Don Prochoice conservative. Irving Pat Mahoney of the Florida Rescue Making and other guest appear for the foreign retirement this month at attorney Barry Silver joins the free at 4 p.m. for a veritable verbal brawl and fist fight on the scene. She joins the joy and the flame. Okay. And then on Sports Talk, Joseph Gackie and Sunny Hirsch together in stereo with Lou Garman, General Manager of the Red Sox will explain to us why all his players are so ugly. And then a little bit of Bush being banged forward by Yankee baseball against the A's in Oakland at 935. So we got some kind of lineup. I W I O D tonight. We can't say what kind of a song kind of lineup. Pembroke Pine, hello. Oh, for lightning round. Okay. How many is that? Waterdale. Hello. I'm holding it for the lightning round. Okay. Don't hold too tight. Where are we going? Right. Palm Beach. West Palm Beach. West Palm Beach isn't even smart enough to hold for lightning run in on a what they're holding up there. Miami. Hello, Neil. I think you're like this. Listen carefully. I'm listening. Your mother, peasant, plucker. You pluck mother, peasant. Yeah. Why? What? That's as far as I'm going with that. I was fine at that point. But that's almost the end of the show. And I'm not taking my life in my hands. Boca, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. The D on sounds like a hit. Yeah. It sounds really good. I've played Album Boy. I predict why 100 will be playing got to get you by August 1st. Why 100? Yep. By August 1st. What? Where's that? Come on. Which year? They made you playing the Hungarian Rhapsody's violgas first. They keep dropping. I've got a WOLD Spireyport. They got a new format over there. It's called Drop Like A Rock. I got a new WOLD Spireyport. Okay. They're broadcasting over life-thoned. Oh, that's cute. That is really cute. Uh-huh. Is Bill Wines in the room? And I don't think God is not. He can't handle when he hears all his new good music, man. He just runs for the hills. I got some great music for him. I want him to add. Yeah. But thanks. Okay. See ya. Bye. Just lost in there at last little thought. 142 at WOD. Too bad somebody doesn't come in here clean out his garbage. You know, we don't want to ask for much. But we do have several large waste baskets. It would be nice to people to come in and eat all the stuff. If they would just assist us and get you into the garbage. And it's not a big deal. In fact, maybe they would like bring one of those waste baskets and just let it in here. One of them that's not filled. And just toss these few remaining things in there because my waste baskets full of the brim. And I feel kind of guilty every day anyway because the time Steve comes in. It's overflowing because when I started to throw it's full. Don't you think maybe we could afford a little bigger waste basket than this little crappy thing we got under here like. Like one in the corner behind that poted planter something that you know, a big enough to throw all the schmutz out. And so we don't have to keep getting Dorothy apple-flectic in the newsroom. I don't see anybody rushing into the window. Oh, no. No. No. Let's see if this is a. All four. Go in. Wait a minute. Oh. Look at that. We'll do. Just this stuff. That old-led Dorothy get hysterical if you put it in the newsroom way back. The truth is that she gets really. One forty three a W.I.O.D. for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Nia, how are you doing? Great. Yeah, I think I know the song you're looking for but what? Beyond there? Yeah. Coffeine agent love. That's the song that you've got to twinkle twinkle twinkle. What's the one that I just played? No, it's not a ghost twinkle twinkle little stuff. Oh, I wonder. Can you imagine? Oh, no. What's that? Yeah, I see. All right. Let me get it out. Just see what you love. It's not a little so right now. Wait a minute. But just a second. He wants to hold up the light. Hold up just relax a second. Don't get hyper on me. Okay. I mean, life is more than just the lightning. Of course, when you live in this town, it's not much more than lightning. I can't help that. I'm doing my best. Which one did. Oh, I played lonely teenager. Oh, my. Oh, my. You're going to trade. Oh, my. Get it. Great. Not on this show. Hold on. Okay. Well, this doesn't have a little twinkle point out. But this is a big hit. That's an even the song. Twinkle twinkle little star. Oh. This on the other hand, this teenager in love. Each time we have a quava. It almost. Right. Well, this just got nothing to do with the house. It's crazy here again. Oh, no. Well, it is. Yeah. Oh, yeah. No. No. No. I love you. I don't know. No. No. No. No. No. No. That's what a mixed favorite. You don't understand. Nick knows nothing about Philly music. Okay. This is Ernima Resta and Dion and all these little all these Italian kids from Philly. Well, we talking. Excuse me. About that before. He was asking us about that. Yeah. They're from all over the world. No. It's not shot. Yeah. That's all. These kids today are aesthetic. And well, you know, the only kids we have is a burrsing. So we won. Oh, I'm stars in the sun. I'm saying. No. Without you. No. No. No. So with our Dion, it a couple of really big hits. Come on, little angel. I got those at home somewhere. Oh, I love come on, little angel. Amazing. Does anybody over it specs got the Bellmons? And I'm not the deal, but the Bellmai like come on, little angel. What was the other one? I need someone. Those were the two big ones. I need someone and come on, little angel. They were great. Come on, little angel was tremendous. It was our gas maker was so. It was just a great record. Anyway, it's 1.45. I have no idea what that happened. But like I told you, killed a couple of really valuable minutes. I'm so good. Thank you, sir. I know you're holding. And thank you so much. Not Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is the name of the record. Not Little Star. That's by the elegance. And also, of course, the diamonds destroyed it. They ruined it. But Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. And he says whatever the line is, that Paul Simon sings in his sentence song, which I'm going to go nuts. I'm going to listen to this whole album on the way home, which has got to be, oh, you know, something? Oh boy. Well, you see what happened. I got to get the answer. You're going to run car. No, no. No. No. I don't see the player's. Oh, good. All of my cars. I'm not some kind of Schmerl. It's the problem. I got to get gas. Oh. And I don't see. I was too lazy to get gas this morning coming to work. And you know how in my Corvette, I got one of those digital things, where it shows you how many miles. How many. I got, well, it varies depending on the mileage that you're getting. So once I get on a turnpiker on 95, if it's clear sailing, and you're getting about 24, 25 miles to a gallon, it goes up. Yeah. I got, I think, 37 miles left. And I think it's about like 40 miles from here to my house. I heard my drive as minister of zone. Can I switch off for 20 miles? I'll make sure I don't see any bits of dirt from. You know what I mean? You're dripping off. If one doesn't control. But I mean, you're graduating like your house and they're all got a problem, having all the balls that you go downhill. Time out. Practice to get on a boat. Now one of the reasons for climbing a nice trip, at three o'clock for three days or 24. Yeah. I think that's a nice day. Oh, man. Like, great morning, to race for more i start for pressure, I mean like you and have a streak and then the best way to break a bad streak is to play against the cubs. He badted twice, he pinched, he bad got to walk in a single. So when you're in a bad streak, just play against the cubs and you'll break out of it. Okay. 147, WI do, we're going to get an lightning round, which I guess we must. But if you guys need a little help knowing what the lady in your life, I think we ought to do the other one, don't you? Oh. If flowers in a bottle of wine make your lover's smile, imagine what a gift from pet just out of spite because I knew where the tin would go on a thing. And we were on I-94 in Michigan headed for the track and I pulled off the exit. In fact, it's spotted on a highway and started it again and it started up. He was screaming and I pulled off the exit. There was a shell station and I pulled in and just and I coasted to the point. And it stopped right at the top. And this guy would just hysterical my former sales manager in Kalamazoo. Anyway, let's get with us now. And two, they count. He, hello. Yeah. What is that? Oh, no. Oh, what was your, I so well, pal. They, hello. That was exciting as content. That was good. Okay, hello. Steve James himself is an accrociant to do a flag for us. We got a computer doing douchebag stories. That's right. Palm Beach, hello. Hello, back there. Big money, temperature. Broward, hello. Good. I'm crying over here. Date County, hello. Lowcot's mama. Oh, it's his. That was all right, I guess. There's some truth to that. Broward, hello. One, 53 of WOD. No more for a language comment. Okay, all in English today. All right, I know what that would mean. All in English, please. Well, these guys. We have to wait for the lady. We got the new ethnic lightning. Yeah, I was downstairs. I think they hear the show in the building. Pre delay. Do you know that? Well, that's good. They probably get to tell you. Well, that's great. You hear the good stuff. They get to hear the good stuff. Broward, hello. Is it true that WOD can inside? Yes. Yes. Okay, hello. Mike Disney is a dishback. Tell us something we don't know. Broward, hello. Come on, Glenn. Give us a chuckle. Mmm. Let's see. WOD and F and Tampa just added two cuts from the Dion album. Really? King of New York streets, which we haven't even heard yet. We just heard a little bit of that. We don't do subway walls. That's a subway wall. A or station. Yeah. We don't why you. Why in us? Yeah, how about that spike? Get with it. Start playing some goddamn music on that station over here next door. Yeah. You blew it on Orbison. Exactly. You blew the Roy Orbison cut. It was only number one ALR in the country. Mm-hmm. And we're going to make it now hop on Dion. So to speak. Dave County, hello. Hello. Good to be you. Yeah. Oh. Oh. It's the unlightening round. Broward, hello. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. A little Tom Jr. Dave County, hello. Danny Pates is a bitch. That's the word around here, sir. Boca, hello. How about this, Dr. Bob, that's going to hold for King Michael's. Boy, since they let him out of the trunk he's never been the same as him. Broward, hello. Yeah, get to that. And he's on. Broward, hello. I'm Dion over here. Nice reading, sir. That was shocky. Nice read. That was very impred. I'd hire him right away. Dave County, hello. That was good. You're out of time, sir. Broward, hello. Hey, sometimes you see I've been up. Sometimes you don't. Yeah. Dave County, hello. King of Chopin, a bowl of corn and dinner with daddy. Well, they are really what happened all from yesterday. Today, I guess they really woke up in a big way. Did they? Yeah, always. Yesterday, they were in a comb of the day. They're doing a Mexican tap dance. Much to the food from peppers. They'd, hello. Hello, listen to me. Are you a quick whosy? Who is the whosy? What was the whosy? Ha ha ha. Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Hello. Do you have my son, don't you? Call from when more. Vunderma. Yeah. As in vots. Broward, hello. Hollywood, Hollywood guards, or douchebags. Did County, hello. He said to clean me a time and a vinegar. Ha ha. I like the levels. Busy is out. He put that in machine three. Number one is the levels on these things are all over the place. Stayed County, hello. Nearly really been buggering me. Ha ha ha. My luck, I pressed one. I just put the thing in machine recovery. Must be an oldman about that, huh? Boca, hello. I am the Boca Fierre. Well, thank God. This is the end. They without him would be like a day without Hartford. Where's the door, lady? Palm Beach, hello. My name is Joe Martin. I love get a door seat. Broward, hello. Yeah. This is the reality. Ha ha ha. Oh, god. Lower than the last. Hey, County, hello. This is Joe Povacotour. Any call? Boca. Hello. Boca. Hello. Boca. I only. Well, he doodle. Now we missed that again today. Can you believe it? Two days in a row, we missed out on Willie Nelson. One moment please. Did we get fired in real quick? I wonder they sound a little bit distraught. Okay, probably the level will be real low. Polywally doodle all with it. Okay. Thank you. Broward, hello. You know the different twin sugar apples and ginger. That's it. Junior Junior Junior. Broward, hello. Show. Stop. Get a radio show, pal. That must have been trembling. Junior wasn't it? Boca, hello. Yes. Did, County, hello. Broward, hello. Dr. I've got the blue balls. Did, County, hello. Did, County, hello. Hey, Tim, it's time for North Korea. Oh, what a couple of holes in the road. Kindle again. I ought to control boy. He must have that the TV just smoking right now. They, I think I punched two at the same time. They County, hello. Mitch Webster is an error per rocket tour. That was a good idea. Do it, I don't know. Why is that guy so boys? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Broward, hello. Get ready. That was it. That was it. That was it. This is what I don't know. I couldn't make it out. On B, cello. Okay, what's the point? That was Lori King Jr. Dave County, hello. And that's the way it was. That was that stop press number one. It was nothing in the machine. What will really be great is when the buzzer goes off and there's nothing in there. Broward, hello. Oh, that was Rush Limbaugh. That wasn't it? Yeah, I think so. Dave County, hello. Oh, he is this condom. Oh, good one. I think that was young Esther. Oh, that's not it. Just like Esther. When you're running again in Hylia, Esther, Broward, hello. Holy, God, man, watching in my mouth. Ha ha ha ha. Palm Beach, hello. My ass is in the swing. Broward, hello. You're a door. Yeah. You don't want to watch you down there. Dave County, hello. Mommy, you're on this full of rabbit terrible. Help me. Oh, my amy, sure is van over there. But we haven't heard that voice in a long time. Yeah. Dave County, hello. It's Sally and Jane Loveett and Susan Lickman with Dan Ratter. And finally in Broward. Hello. Okay. Well, that's going to do it here on a wonderful Tuesday. This is sure a big pick me up from yesterday. Or so with death have been a bit of a mess for me after that. Okay, Steve has got a four hour aborty show. Come up. That's got to be something. I'm personally going to be listening to the, uh, see you in the car. But you stick around for Steve. Sports Talk, sunny and Joe and Lou Gorman GM of the Red Sox. It's a little rush-bing bag in Yankee Baseball. And then we'll take a full tomorrow on which one is most depressing. Have a wonderful day. We'll see you tomorrow morning at 10.