Okay, it's 1105 at WIOD. See all the possibilities that has been. It goes with anything. That's a great thing. Octopologyingles, they kind of fit in with anything. We have an open line in Broward now, we're really very concerned about it. In fact, we had a meeting, a staff meeting about it during the 11 o'clock news. At 524WIOD, the gentleman who eats corvettes with his Mustang is on a line. Right, five in 0. Five in 0? Well, Mustang is a, there's no question about it. A hot car and I don't know though. I haven't raised the 90 though. You probably stay away from the ZR1 though. Well, yeah. Yeah. Anything you said of the Lamborghini to pick, yeah, who's the R1. Exactly. And I don't know the 90s. I can't really notice yet because I've only had it for one day, but it's, it's fast. Oh, you'll get around to it. You'll feel the, you'll feel the power. Yeah. See, I start out when I, you know, I get to stop by and I pull along when I get a new car, pull Alongside like a fierre or something like that. But on the car, maybe a shavette, you know. On the contrary, I lost his super, not too long ago. Did you? Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what, I'll meet you with my super. We'll see what happens. Well, you know. I'm in a highway. We'll start out slow and then we'll work up to the vet. You know, I still think for the, well, for the money, I mean, the vet is a beautiful car, but you know, the Mustang is a horribly fast. I don't think you can beat it for 14. Well, I got to be for how much? $14,000. Oh, no, that is, that is a lawyer right. But I got to tell you, because you know, I have that Ferrari that incredibly expensive piece of garbage. Very fast. Well, it is very fast, but it's just, it's so damn expensive. But the one thing about Ferrari's though, they increase in value, that car is worth $30,000 more now than when I bought it. Oh, absolutely. A year. But if I don't think they're, they're not going to make any more till the tune of mix or July mix here. Yeah. And so they say in five years, that car is going to be worth a fortune and all of that. But it's a beautiful cut. But the plan I'm trying to make is that a vet, not the CR1, but just a regular core vet, is really a bargain is compared to like a lot of those real expensive foreign cars. A lot of Ferrari's in a portion. No, no, like you were saying earlier about the 17 inch tread, you can't, you can't lose the tire. But the, the night of 18 inch, having they got a safety. Yeah, you're right. They're bigger than even the other ones you're right. Incredible. But, you know, when you, when you blow tire, you got to work, you got to work a little hard to buy when you're. Yeah. Oh, I know. I thought, what are they about 300 bucks? I think, don't you have the, the good, your 18 inch caterback from that mistake and how do you know that? Well, I'm in the cars. Yes. There are their expenses. They're like $2.95. Yeah, like I said about it. Now, why are you about five bucks? Okay. When you get to 300, you just round it off. This is true. For goodness me. In fact, this is my, fact, that was my choice. I was either going to put new tires on the 88 vet that I had or buy a new one and I figured why is well buy the new one. Well, what's, how many miles a grade you have? About 29,000. Oh, that's all that car was a cherry. I know. That's a big. Absolutely. So, sir. Well, listen, I'll see you out there in a highway. So, governor himself, a court. Recognize my most thing of what? It's black and beige, not the light wreck. And have a one? Have a light wreck. A light wreck. A light wreck. Oh, rack. I thought you said wreck. I've had a few cars that look like that with the light wreck. Okay. Listen, take care of yourself. Good. See you. It's 1109 at WIO. Today, I guess there's my first challenge. Boy, I just to get a new car. I'm all excited. And this guy's already wants to drag. Or he was in drag. One of the other. Uh, look at those phones today. What the hell's going on, man? They're just sizzling today. Aren't they? Maybe this is good. Maybe this is a reverse of reaction after the dolphin loss. Because it was a good game. And they didn't have the lead to the last. How many seconds were left? Two seconds, five seconds, something like that. Two seconds. And Kelly just unconscious. Just kind of rolled his way into the end zone. What I was that was sickening. That was disgusting. Jim Kelly. Jim Kelly. I do. From love 94. Yeah, like Paul and I go. Yeah. Yeah. You rid of that motorcycle jacket. Somebody might, oh, here's Joelle on a mobile. Joelle? How are you Joelle? Oh, my God. What's my talking to you? Get serious. Okay. I can't believe you. I can't believe you. Well, things are very fine. Were you guys, what size of threads were you guys talking about? Size of threads. Yeah. On the tires. Threads. Yeah. You were talking about threads. Talking about 18 inch tires. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, you got the wrong thing. Sorry. My friend and oral cable is embarrassment from my boss. But it's okay. Yeah, I imagine he would. If he heard there was a guy named Joelle calling and he would get your license plate in Notepad. I'm in Palm Beach and I go into your JT's right after me. I wouldn't be surprised. Especially from all cables. I can that rearview mirror boy. He's writing up a storm. I tell you what. I got a Joe being for Rural at runs pretty fast. Yeah. Well, if you had all of heavy baggage he's carrying, you'd be running too. Well, listen, I call to say it's not true. I am not an I think. And I didn't want to say it. This is not Joelle. Right. Is it true? Joie? No. No. No. No, come on. Is it Joelle? Yes. Is your name Joelle? Well, why did your boyfriend, I mean your friend, they're say Joelle? Well, I don't know what his problem is. Is that what he calls you like an intimate moment? Well, he doesn't go in himself accordingly. I see. Well, we don't want to get into this too deeply if you know what I mean. Well, I really don't want to get into two things. Because Senator Innoeil come right down and grab me right off the air. Well, the thing is he doesn't hold onto what he's got. You don't want to be able to hear. Listen, he will renew his show. He might start. Yeah, I know. Okay, listen, Joelle have a wonderful life. Thank you, Senator. Go in yourself, according to your will. We sure will. Okay. Wow. It's 11 past 11 at WIOD. We heard from Joelle today. But this show is really all I know why things we, oh, no, they're all lit up. I thought they might slow down just a hair. You know why? You see what time it is? Joie's on now. Oh, just. And I understand he's got the smeg green follow up to that big show he had with Smeg on Friday. Oh, she's everywhere. And she is just like a legend in her own mind that's smeg. She is phenomenal. She knows nothing about finances or money or anything else. But she looks good. She really does. She's a very attractive lady who knows nothing. And that's the kind of show that we strive for here at WIOD. There's a lot of people on who either sound good, look good or combination of both. And know nothing at all. Speaking of that, Steve this afternoon. Has got, um, Marvin. Oh, this is such a morbid topic. I hate to even promote. Isn't it morbid? Yes, it is. Look at Nick Nick. Hey, if Steve's doing it, Nick says it's got to be okay. What are you doing in here? What are you here for? So early. Are you kind of like to go for now? You just kind of run around and okay, here comes a message. Not because we got all everybody's got their own board up now. Roger does Reniri show exclusively. The Marvin is doing our show because he wanted to get off night. Oh, you're doing Sharon's job. Yeah, that's right. Oh, Nick is doing Sharon's job. So he kind of like checks the facts machine. And he puts out these in sipping little promo sheets. Well, we know Sharon is history. Did you want listening when we said goodbye to her on Friday? No, he wasn't paying any attention because he figured, well, this is the last day I got to put up with this crap. So I'm not paying any attention. Now he was doing some business. He was writing some business on the hotline. Yeah, we were sharing the best. I really missed the boat, so to speak. But I kind of, I kind of was shocked because she brought that motley crew in that she ran off with it. Look like from one of those pirate movies. Yes, what was that awful movie with Christopher Atkins? Not Phoebe Cates. Was Phoebe Cates in it? Paradise? Mm-hmm. No, that was with Willie Ames. Well, this is a Linda Blair Christopher Atkins. Some pirate movie they were on this ship and he was running around. Naked is always and she kept spinning her head around and throwing up piece soup. That ship, that movie is what that crew looked like that. She had in here man, oh man, did you see her boyfriend? Captain Hook. Oh my god, he was all sh... What's he? And he looked like with a patch over his eye and with a... What do they call his phony hands? Oh, hook. Yeah, there's a word that goes before that, but we can't say it's 11.13. But a recueve come on. Come on Johnny. Johnny, John, come on you big girl. Oh, you fucking son. I don't know. A magic. They don't. That's with Johnny. Yeah. Another card. Where did God go? Oh god, ladies and gentlemen, we've discovered the magic card. That's magic with a gene. Yeah. That's right. Hey, whatever happened with Waxy that everybody was supposed to get fired and the station was supposed to go through and... They're all going to walk you off Ricky's cap and they're all still there. They sure are. Well, what the hell happened? I guess the sail didn't go through, I maybe not. Probably Senator in a way is checking it out. Make sure that he doesn't want Ricky off the air. He said if it's the last thing he does. By the way, we want to welcome the WIOD boy Gary's new assistant from Louisville. You know, the incredible, this guy that he brought in his name is Joella. You want to say it? Isn't that a bitch? You go a whole lifetime. You never meet one guy named Joelle. And then all of a sudden, two with an hour. Is that what you're going to call him? Joelle. Are we going to refer to him as boy Gary in Joelle? We got a mobile on two, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm the same one. The same guy that called you the day up at the dog situation. Oh, yeah, you know, your name isn't Joelle, is it? Oh, this is a dog. Well, we got three in one day. We'd be in the Guinness Booker Records easy. Your name is one. Oh, that bill. Bill Bill. In a car phone. Bill on a mobile. Yeah. Bill on a mobile phone. I'm on a mobile phone. Oh man. Now let me spin on Neil. I heard all about your new bright shining Corvette. Oh boy, this is the talk of the town. Isn't that the first guy in town, I think, with a 90 vet, probably not, but that's what they told me. What it is. Tell you, let me say something to you. Yeah, that's still colder. It was four details. I know. I heard it mentioned something about yesterday or this morning, and in some guy called in, it was talking about my white cattle act or something. Well, no, no, no. I have a yellow cattle act. You have a white vet. Let's put it. There we go. Let's get it straight. Okay. Now I'll get it. The only thing I want to mention is that I want to congratulate you, of course. And I want to think up a collection. What? Help me pay for the car? There you are. System. Or as my car address. One of the other. Yeah. Well, I think the last one is probably the right one. In fact, I called my mother last night to brace her for the shock. Because you know, every Tuesday, I go over there for dinner. So tomorrow, I'll be driving over there in the new vet. And I just wanted to brace her for the shock. And of course, she said, Well, you needed that like a whole day. That's like my mom. Yeah, oh boy. No, no, no, no, no. I go on by new underwear. She gets all hysterical, you know. All right. Couldn't you have saw me old ones together? What you have a nice day. Okay. Bye now. It's 20 past 11 boy. Everybody's in such a good mood today. It's shocking. Isn't it? I guess that dolphin loss brought them back to reality or something. Although I shouldn't say that because they played a hell of a game. They really did it far, far beyond anybody's wildest dreams. And then only to blow it in the last two seconds for that. That is so typical of Jim Kelly. You know, that just right up his alley. I wish Jim Kelly could play for the cowboys with JJ. And they could go Owen 16. Wouldn't that be great? That is really ashamed though that the cowboys never even put a point on the board. They were really tossing their muscle around so to speak in the preseason and showing everybody how great they were. Now all of a sudden when the game's really count JJ gets slaughtered. Twenty eight to nothing by the Saints. No, I suppose I'd be embarrassed. Wouldn't you? I'd be humiliated. And probably when they play the first home game in Dallas, the fans are going to start screaming. We want landry and stuff like that. And goodbye, Jimi. Probably have Jimmy Johnson, boo doll, stuff like that. Twenty one past eleven at W.I.O.D. I guess we better take a little break here because we got those trends coming in. Don't want to sour. Oh my god. You're getting real nervous about that. Oh, wait a minute. Maybe we ought to do a little dick feral promo. I pledge allegiance to the flag. Okay, just a little bit at a time. In fact, I have a great idea. Remember how we used to play two carts like alternately back and forth? Sure. Come here, Hillio. One, two, three. Up in United States of America. Okay, we can kind of get hairy and the ferals kids together there. It's appropriate. Oh, god. Twenty one past eleven. I'd love to. We don't want to talk too loud. It's a Monday. We don't want to wake up the natives. But we do want to tell you about the melting pot. Twenty ten two three public. Three three out to the ball. Four out to the ball. Four out to the ball. Four out to the ball. Four out to the crowd. One nation. One nation. One nation. Two jack. Underrod. All the care. Five out to the ball. Okay, come here. They're out of control. You're playing, you're holding me. You're playing, you're holding me. You're holding me. You're playing, you're holding me. You're playing, you're holding me. What's the good going? I'll be just no stopping these people. 25 after 11 at WID, where those trends are coming in 20 minutes. A lot of pressure. Now, who would you say is that of the most pressure in this trend? Not better or not asked. No. Miami. How are you doing? Great. This is a new mistake, guys. Call. He told you he was black and beige and white, and he'll be looking for either trooper. Oh, that's a high-o. I got one. He's got a supercharged 5-o. Yeah. Okay, with that front end. I didn't understand anything he was talking about. He has a supercharged front end. No, supercharged, supercharged front end. Wait, say that for the cane show. We have to discuss those kind of things out. Who do you think waiting is just sleeping with to keep this job? Come on, I want kind of a statement is there. I've got to say the thing. I don't have any ideas. Okay, let's decide. Let's do that. And all of those people that put the dolphins down. They're playing the team that's going to be in the superball. They didn't. I don't know why you say that. I don't agree with that. I mean, don't give me wrong. Not taking anything away from the dolphins. But I think Buffalo is overrated. Buffalo is not going to be in the superball. And they're just because Larry King says so doesn't make it so. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. 26 past 11 at WOD. The lines are beginning to thin out now. We have a couple of open lines. One in day to one on Palm Beach. It was only just make believe here at the beginning. I just want to give us a false sense of security. Okay. Let's see if there's one more on here. I think would be really good exercise for Johnny. Boy, I'm pressured. That here's the name of the most pressure. Johnny died. Johnny died. Yeah. This didn't step on. Now that was fair. Close to show you. Even Johnny's not perfect. Coconut Creek. Hello. How are you? Great. Yeah, I just call that. I want to complain a little bit. Okay. Let's get right down to the chair. This is what we're here for. That's right. This is self-law. It's my right to come to. If you want to see anything on this show, sir. Listen. You know, the hero's crap about that one arm band that I've been watching to and give me problems now. Oh, I don't say that. That's terrible. I know it's terrible. I'm sitting. Wait a minute. What do you mean the Harold? The Harold is? No. The Harold, too, but I wasn't. How did he say the hero? The hero? I'm banded up and watching him. No, not all me. That don't keep repeating mad. What? That's grotesque. I know. I'm sitting here. Put me in one arm band. He doesn't have one arm. Yeah, he does. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's right. That's a war injury. Well, don't say that about our great beloved senator in a way. Yeah, you're right. I'm sitting here. One of my fingers. I was on the top. I'm sitting home from work for a month. Now I'm going to be a chronic on your show now. What do you do? Slice Bread. Oh, yeah. Wow. Anyway. God, I'll muddy. Think out it was only your finger. Yeah. Can you imagine the possibilities? Oh, you're a little too close. I don't be saying those awful things because you know, Jack's on the award processor right now sending letters off to our good friend senator, our good liberal Democrat from Hawaii senator in a way. It's a wonderful job at the Iran Contra hearings. Yeah. Yeah, so often I was about you, okay? Well, wait a minute. Did you see the piece? What? On channel 7. No, I didn't see it. Was it on last night? No, it was on. I think what? Nobody saw it. Boy, that's quite a commentary that almost nobody in the world has seen it. We had one guy who called it who saw it. And nobody's watching channel 7 news, I guess. I think that's quite a, quite a barometer. It rick-sanches. I don't know. I just rose you in the wrong way. So to speak. Oh, boy. I don't, that's a line. I'm not even going to touch. Hmm. And Miami-Herald two weeks ago last Sunday. They had a thing on a, in a traffic section. You know, the magazine section? Yeah, my favorite. Yeah. On the front cover is Dave Barry. You told me a basketball, okay, with middle finger, okay, I'm purpose is showing you the thing about that. Yeah, what kind of a disgusting gesture is that? All those little kids see that Dave. What are they going to think of that? That's right. They might do something. All those matter of fact, most of those kids are giving Dave back the same gesture because they read his column, okay, and they know how boring he is. Dave Barry is the epitome of this community, okay? He's pathetic. He's never said a funny thing in his life. But it's some of things I've read. And the only funny thing he ever said was, let me just do that. Well, a couple things I've read at magazine section. I mean, I can't believe they're printed. I mean, in bookshore, they think they use the... Volger. Volger? Volger? I think we need a Senate investigation of everything. I think we ought to have rampant censorship and all the kids in school instead of the pledge of allegiance ought to be forced to sing Deutschland du Barollas. What the hell are these people doing complaining about you when they can just turn your damn radio off and set a listening to you? Well, they don't have anything better to do and they don't like the fact that they think I troll for sex on the air. I tell you what things, sir, if I'm trolling for sex on the air, I'm probably the most unsuccessful radio broadcast during the history of America. Because I forgot to even what it's like. It's terrible, I can't believe it. It's terrible, well, that's not a good thing. Hey, just by the way, just so Joey showed us, no, he's doing a robocs just now with some guys. He was doing a robocs with some guy, was one of them named Joel? Yeah, poor Joey, boy, it's really something. I'm glad that he's working, but I don't think it's going to be for too long. Longness that we're crossing your show now. I'm going to call him in the Louis D. I'm becoming a co-worker of the creek at least twice a week now. Louis D. From Covalet's what we need. We need a new bunch of chronics notary placed some of the old ones. That's right, I'm never going to do nothing. I'm crippled. I got to call you up and bother you now. No, you're not crippled. You had a little accident. That's not going to last forever, is it? WLB for a couple of months. I'll be played up. I'll be able to do much. Uh-huh. So when you call, we can say it's Louis the geek and coconut creaks. Are you calling me a lion? Is that coconut creaks? Yes, sure. That's right. Louis the geek and coconut creaks, right? Don't call me that. Louis D. You can call me Louis the geek. All right. Okay, Louis. You're great American. They're not going to talk to me, are you Louis? I'll talk one on a week. No, not next time. Next time. All right. Okay, Louis. Don't try to keep him on the line. Finally, get rid of Mary said all those disgusting and temperate things about our beloved Senator in a way. We don't even live in Hawaii. We can't vote for him. Although I would like to live in Hawaii, but not if he's going to turn out to be a nerd. Okay. I thought he was a pretty good guy. But I guess he's a governing himself accordingly these days. Plus we never even saw the peace anyway. I wonder if Cheryl is listening up front. Did we ever get the peace from our friends over next door channel 7? Because we were going to work on that. See, if we couldn't find out what it was about. Dick Ferrell is online eight ladies and gentlemen. What if America's truly great talents? Hey, it's not a year bleeping business. Get off my phone and go to sleep. I'm going to keep playing the card. Are you on there? Hi Neil. Oh, he is on there. Let's just get up to the right start. I'll come to you. Sounds so subdued. Think as it's early in the morning and the bus is the year show. No, it was early in the morning. He was early in the morning. The last time you called and you were hostile and just. Wait wait, like last time I called. Hey, it's not a year bleeping business. Get off my phone and go to sleep. Say. The last time I thought, do you was saying that? He's right. Well, now you said some nice things that I must thank you for them. Well, you don't think I'm going to do it. What do you mean? Well, listen, now that I know you're a one time New York police officer, we have to speak nicely about you because you might take down a license plate number of my new vet. Well, actually, I don't know what it looks like, so it doesn't really matter. Well, you know, it's not really too hard to figure out. Listen, we're going to have a lot of problems because I'm a postman. You're a what? An ex postman. Oh, great. Well, I knew you had a lot of problems. Lank is going to burn you today. Is he really? He's really been burning his last three starts. He's one and two with their own run average of almost six in his last three starts. He's been getting bombed. Well, but it seems to me, and a couple of things seems to me the first time that the cubs met Lank's been up in Montreal, Dawson and the three road home were in the first inning and they beat him four to three. I could be wrong, but I think that's a whole bad night. Yeah, that's right. Listen, the song by the grassroots is not called at Wacom or your mouth that's I'd waited three years. Oh, excuse me. Oh, I got a no is going to be out of the nature of the United States. We have another one. We have another nitpicker joining the stand at Wild. We could use another nose picker, but not another nitpicker. Well, listen, welcome to Wild. I think you're there. And when you're going to start October 2nd October 2nd. October 2nd. Well, what's the day today? Just a 10 or 11. That's getting pretty close. Of course, you know, the trends are going to be out any minute now. Yes, and you're going to give your fingers crossed. Not for what? Because you want your trends to look good, don't you? Oh, this guy's going to be a great addition to the staff, isn't he? Oh, boy. You're really care about ratings in our yard. Now, we're not here for ratings. Sir, we're just here to have a good time. I need a good meal every day. That's all accounts. And the good news for yours. Exactly. Well, we're looking forward to it. And I certainly hope you clean up your act before you come over here. It's already a bit polished, clean like your new vets. Great. Okay. We'll see you. Bye. There he is. Dick Ferrell. Remember his ice cream parlors up in Detroit? No. Do you never heard of Ferrells? Are we going to have to go through this again? I forgot. What kind of a guy should cup are you anyway? That you never heard of Ferrell's ice cream parlors? Everybody in the audience who knows Ferrells. Look at that. No, buddy. Those Ferrells. You know, he knows Ferrells. Marvin once met somebody named Ferrell. They were on your team. You know, well, you don't know from Ferrells. It's an ice cream parlour. I think they had one or they have one in Dadeland. Don't they? Are they used to? What is it? What is the one in, um, in Westland? Oh, well, he don't know from Westland. Are you kidding me? You know, Westland. Hey, I used to live in Highly, a pal, right? Block the one. Go to Highly. Do you know that I used to jack a go crazy when he hears this? This is true. I used to live a block away from Miami Lakes High. Yeah. Now, if he knew that, and the amazing part of it is I never drove through the parking lot. I never trolled for anybody over there. And, um, huh, I guess I missed out based on what Jack is saying these days. But, no, I lived there for a year, 1977. So I'm very familiar with that with Westland. Yeah, not me. You're not? I don't think they want me in there, do they? Don't you have a passport? It's 1134. Together with what pages glue. Kind of like from the WNW West School. By the way, speaking of WOLD, you want to say especially the morning to Dennis Collins this morning. Because we certainly know that Dennis is either monitoring directly or indirectly. Hmm. Still, over the weekend, if I had a lot more communications between our friend Jack and Dennis Collins. No. Just, uh, seeming like a never-ending back and forth pattern. Now, you talk about the general manager at WNW West. Oh, yeah, Colin. Bard Dennis Collins. Yeah. Isn't that kind of bizarre? I guess it's just a coincidence. It's 1138 at WOLD for Waterdale. Hello. Okay. Nice to talk in you. Kendall, is it a spy report? Yeah, it's a spy report. This is amazing. Are they still on the air? Well, they've gone beyond turning the corner. I think now they have covered themselves accordingly. Um, you may have heard this one before though. What about you? Who is this? Yeah, you know this is. Why, this is, uh, listen to that voice. I've got a call today. Oh, man. What? I thought that he's auditioning for the Dictoral Show. Not quite. Um, by the way, you're involved in those, uh, writings. You're just, uh, prominently in there all over the place. I know. That call all the time I should be. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. That's okay. Did you know that every Monday is commercial free Monday on Zeta? Yes. Oh, yeah. I didn't know if you guys had told that. Yeah, the bird already kind of ferrated this out. So to speak last week. I'm glad it didn't hear that because it's because they can't show the show. Not like all of commercial free. I thought they were already doing it. They were used to that ever since we left. They had commercial free Tuesday Saturday Saturday. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I, uh, you know, when you get a new car, you set the buttons on your radio. And I put a button on there because used to be once in a while. I bought every fifth record. I enjoyed. So I had a button on there. And last night I punched them up. And I don't know. I don't understand what they're playing anymore. Do you? I don't know. I took the off my radio. I took that off. I don't know what they're playing. I put love 94 back on. I know. Oh, my God, you are trying to really get on. I did. Look at this. Love 94. I late. They need your help. Yeah. No. They're what? They need you. Vandling. Don't take it personally, Greg. But, uh, you know, it can't hurt. Right. The channel being so. And you're the shooter for that. You probably have them on your computer, right? Oh, not me. Any second. Not not me. Have a great day. I'm on you. Okay. It's 1140. W-O-D. Wow. This is really exciting. By the way, Jack, that was just a sarcastic joke that you have money computer. It was just a joke. You don't have to call up our patron and get all of us. Oh, God. It's a, if you could see those notes. What we need to do is get some TV time. Because on radio, it's not effective enough. Get some TV time and show. First of all, we have a camera panning in on these stacks and stacks and stacks of letters and notes and ramblings and, uh, oh, it's just amazing. I mean, this is two years of somebody's life involved in the harassment and surveillance and, uh, being a general pain in the ass. What a way to go, huh? But, of course, the God that told him to do this. That's right. That's what Turkey modest said, too. Del Rey, hello. Yeah. Hello, Neil. Yeah. We see program. And in a way, also said. Wait a minute, ABC program. NBC, I'm sorry. No. No. No. They used to be NBC. Now we're getting warmer. All right. But one would Sally fits. Whatever it was. Okay. Uh, and all of so many is we're going to have a good grasp of what I was in a quiet. In a way, also said that he's going to have the SEC check into the licensing of WILT because it's coming up for renewal. Yeah. Okay. Uh, what do you know? Wait, wait, wait a minute. Don't, no, just a minute. Did he mention me by name? Yes, he did. Senator Innoe. And the program itself had a picture of you at your board with all your lights and the telephones and everything else. So, uh, let's clarify this again. Senator Innoe said he's going to get near Rogers off the air. But he's going to try to get you off. Oh. He's going to check into it to find out exactly because he has some papers. Yes. And he's going to check into that and have the SEC check into WILT. Well, wouldn't you think before he'd make an intent and juvenile remark like he's going to try to get me off the air that they would conduct the investigation first rather than to make such session outrage of statement. Well, let's, let's put it first where he's still in a row of row. Okay. Uh, one other thing I wanted to bring out of you. Yes. Uh, I'm only done here about almost a year. And on WMCA in New York there was a torture host, uh, family, and a real good thing. What's the matter? What is his name? I think it was very cheap, very cheap, very cheap. Very great. No, not very great. No sir. Very esteemed. He's on. Well, whatever he's saying. Well, this guy was a, a maniac. Very nice thing of maniac. Uh, nothing he said was, uh, he wanted all the boys that were second place to sue their parents for, for just figuring them. Hmm. This guy's screamed and yell when I said, screamed and yell, he did. And finally he got a whole of one guy that called in. And this guy really raced into this guy. The guy only lasted on WMCA 13 weeks. They forced him to make a public apology to the man that he ran best at on the, um, on the, uh, on the, Well, let me ask you the guy that he lambaced on here was he circumcised. Well, whether he was, maybe his認 was circumcised. Oh, no, no. But the thing was that the guy was no fool. And he told him, he went and led it to them. And he put in the business with WMCA's license. So he must have had quite a bit of money also. Yeah. By the thing is that the people that probably watched that, uh, news broadcast are probably smart enough not to listen to you. That's why you don't have so many people. Well, what is that say about you sir? Me and makes me a damn photo to listen to you. Okay. Well, glad you. 1144 at WIOD. We have an open line. Lisa's honesty was refreshing. What were that? Not to intimidating, but somewhat refreshing. We have an open line in dates. 751 WIOD and one in Boka at 2789463, 278 WIOD. So evidently, now that was an entirely different version of the story from the one we heard from the earlier caller. And here we've been on for almost two hours. And we've got two whole people who saw that on Channel 7 News. So they obviously are really having a tremendous impact in the market. And like I said, since the story allegedly was about me, it's unfortunate that we're so far from their studios that they couldn't have come across the walkway and talked to me about it. Good day. We've been a little bit too tough. Kendall, hello. Hey, hello. Yeah. What's going on? Not much. Hey, how about those cups? How about I'm sure they're doing it. Hey, they're kicking, uh... Some serious butt. Some serious butt. Yeah. Hey, bird. How about those cups? He isn't going to respond. Um, Hey, I don't know if I, you know, if it's kind of important, but I heard that lady in WNWS, what's her name? Sandy. Yeah. Or Debbie Ellis. They have a lot of ladies who wants to win WS. Some of them have got. The one that was from 10 to 12 percent. Oh, Alice, Rand Tell? No, no, the other one. Debbie Ellis. Right. She almost said, uh, she was saying to be in though. Yes, at the end of her show and she almost said WIOD. Really? Well, probably WISHful thinking on Debbie's part. We, you know, we have a problem because I can just barely squeeze her to the doorway. Debbie would never get in the building. She'd have to do the show from the parking lot. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Um, well, uh, can I call somebody to do that? Yeah, don't, don't be around the bush. This is a lesson. No matter what Senator Innoway says, sir, the first amendment is still alive and well. This is America. And we're not going to let some douchebag from Hawaii come over and tell us what we can say on the radio. Okay? That's right. They want to call Alex and her, the douchebag. Wow. And guy, he's a douchebag. There can be no question about it. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I mean, I don't want to have any hard feelings for nothing. But this is like kind of a chronic cough. Is it? Yeah. Who is this? Uh, Fabian. Well, you were okay today. All right. Now, if you just wouldn't have told us that at the end, it would have been a lot better. 1146 to WIOD. We do have an opening in date at 7519463. 751 WIOD. I like that guy that called about that ABC telekander. We didn't know what network it was on. What channel it was on? Who the people were? But he sure all knew about that Neil Rogers and how embarrassing it was to admit that he was listening to the show. See, people in television enough to watch the news. He has a good point. Wouldn't be listening to the show. So what was his excuse? That's the $64 question. And when he calls us again, like two years from Tissierball, maybe he'll give us the answer. 13 till no boy those trends are going to be out any second now. And he's like, um, God. What? Under tremendous pressure. You can just feel the walls vibrated. Can you? Oh, that must be GTR cranking it up again and there. What come back? We don't have anything to do here, right? Now, we're just to sail in a long swing of the song. We'll be right back. René here. I know you all heard about heavy metal music. How is it affecting your children? What is it causing our teenagers to do? Tomorrow morning on the next inside edition of the Micronary program, which occurs from 530 to 10 o'clock. We're going to get to the bottom of heavy metal music. We're bringing in a two-up player. 530 tomorrow morning on New Stock Radio 610, W-I-O-D. The next episode of the series is the 25-year-old. Honey, Depth and Patty, her, together again. They're making a new movie. Oh, they're in a movie together. The first one is the Prime Baby. It's Sean Waters' new movie. It's Johnny Depp will be the star. Be out. Probably not something about him. You know, he, because I remember very vividly that day we did that show with him in the studio. He's one of those people who looks entirely, he's like a comedian. You know what I mean? In other words, on Monday, he can look one way. You know what I'm saying? That's where the Rolling Stone picture is. Yeah. He's going to be hearing down to his puppet. He doesn't look like himself in that picture with Patty. Oh, that's what I'm talking about. He looks like about 20 different people. Yeah. But anyway, you folks don't care about that. It's 10-B-4-Nune, a W-I-O-D. We're just sitting here breathlessly awaiting the arrival of those trends. Who's going to bring these now? The chair isn't here. And your land has gone too. Who's probably Nick? That's right. And are you going to believe the numbers that Nick brings in here? That's the question. Okay. He's probably going to doctor the numbers before he brings him into the studio. Pomp and O. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. What is this? This is a big day, big day for a cup of sand, big day for Montreal. A big day for Montreal? This is their season. It is. Yeah, the three of them. Six left. French, a cog who was free in Montreal. I know that. And, you know, this could be something you're going to hear just going to eat. Why is that? Do you imagine a Montreal Toronto World Series? No, I really can't. The way the expos are playing, they've lost. They're lost 13 and 23 of their last 36. Well, they're really doing it. Well, they're doing it. If they continue doing it in about a week, you can forget about, you know, O. Canada. Yeah. Is that, is that? They're my back on this three day right station. No, that's why he pitched Wilson yesterday. And he struck out ten men in five in his pitch to great game. Oh, well, we got a chance, then. There you go. Let's go get him. Who? Montreal. Montreal. You've got a lot to be sure that Lankston is pitching today, boy. He's really hot. Okay. No. Good luck to you, sir. You'll need it. Montreal fans. He must be in Alice Rentella's near. Because, you know, Alice is a big ass for a very, very monster expo. He must be nuts. Yeah. He must be. He must be. He's right on the edge. Christ, when these trends come out, boy. There is somebody. Now, we have the new lineup Dennis Collins new revised and the refurbished line up over there. They shuffle those cards. And I think this trend will go a long way, or it's showing us what that's going to be all about. Can't wait. Hmm. I'll be exciting. And Greg and Donald, of course, is sitting out there in separate rooms waiting breathlessly. Yeah. Who else is like hanging on a thread? Of course, Carter's hoping for a little up swing here. This would be a first indication perhaps of something. Irene Ritcher. Irene Ritcher is out there just shaking in her throat. Now, if she has a bad trend, you're not going to knock her eye in. You're not going to knock her eye in any way. Make some kind of vicious assault on Irene Ritcher. If she has a really bomb of a trend, you're not going to do that. You got me confused with some other guy. Yeah, you would never do that. Okay. There's an open line in Broward now. If you move very, very fast because they've been just coming out of here like crazy. They haven't had like termites coming out of the woodwork. 5, 2, 4, W, O, D. And let's go to Miami. Hello. I knew how you do it. Okay. I thought I'd channel seven report about you. Okay. Now, this is the third one. So this is kind of like the tie breaking vote on what it was all about. Okay. Now, was it an ABC report? No, it was channel seven. Oh. Jane Ackrey was the reporter for it. And what they were basically, they taught Jane Who. Jane Ackrey. Ackrey. Well, however, they pronounced that. That's correct. Jane Ackrey. Well, anyway, that isn't correct. That's not how she did it. This is her name. Ackrey. Yeah. It is. Oh, well. Anyway. What a Yahoo way to pronounce your name. Anyway, what they they interviewed Mike Disney for a while. Speaking of Yahoo. Yeah. Really. And they shows a picture. They show a tape of you eating. Oh, yeah. Well, that figures. That figures. And shrimp. No, that could have been any time. Exactly. Come say that. Yeah. Oh, they showed that tape. They showed that tape. Is it a tape? Well, it's too far for them to come over here and take new file footage. You know, it's much too far. So they just relied on the old stuff. Yeah. Obviously. Well, that's about it. I'd like to call. No, no, wait a minute. That's not about it. You didn't tell me anything. All they were talking about was the challenge to the FTC license. Right. Right. And what did Senator Innoway say? They didn't actually show him talking. They showed a tape of them, but not speaking directly about you as far as I can remember. Uh-huh. Well, it certainly can flicks with that old fart that called it a little while ago. Who I think was making it up as you went along. Where did you come to write what the whole is. Yeah. Well, that's it. He'll okay. Well, it's fascinating. We've had three calls on that news clip and every one of them is a totally different story. Yeah. Isn't this great? Now all this guy wants to do is call his friend, Dushback. Okay. Go ahead. All right. I'd like to call Bob LeBaron and Boydman. Well, no way. I'm in a way to make no you laughed over his thing there. Come on. Who is it? Bob LeBaron and Boydman be the real nearly a Dushback. Okay. And by the way, Jack governed this accordingly. Okay. Good call. Okay. By the way, he'll be right over to take down your number. It's 11. 55 and Wiod and another open line now and date on the heels of that sensational call. Oh, I know what I wanted to tell you. Friday. Guess what they had on C span. You know, every now and then they show a talk show on C span. They go in and they tape a whole show and they just go in the studio and you see a radio show with the commercials and everything. They had the jury William show from Warchio and Boston. And it was so ponderous that it was comatose. It was incredibly boring. Shocking. Talking about heavy. You were talking about Barney Frank. Were they? Yeah. And they had the three people on there who were dressed in drag. And no, seriously, he was talking about that and then they got in to say he had an open hour. And the calls went on much too long, first of all. And the spots, the live spots he was doing like we're so geriatric. It was sounded like WD. I mean, he had a lot of them. And don't get me wrong. I think Jerry is terrific, but it's just he's doing that same old stick boring. You know, and then he was promoting the fact that next the, sometime next year they're going to have the second annual C span was kind of up to give it the first one. They're going to have the second annual Talk Show host convention. And he's the president of this group of self important Talk Show host. Right. It also be there. Oh, Alice and Mike Seagull. He was a Mike Seagull name. He's a buddy. And all his underlings. It was really boring. Dick Ferrell probably be there. Now, are you going to pick on Dick. I will grant you. I must say that his call that we have a little while ago is really ponderous and very puzzling. Wasn't it? For a guy that's coming to work here and looks and wants us to say nice things about it. I thought it was really a disgusting call. Yeah. It was like a trouble baker. Exactly. But that's his nature. He's a trouble maker and a provocateur and, and of course, the thinking is here that he's going to come in a night and stir everybody up and get a lot of listeners. And the certainly good luck to him because boy Gary and his sibling a little. Hello, hello. What is Joella? Joelle. Where the ones who evidently came up with this masterful stroke and it's no doubt we'll be tremendous. Okay. Let's take a call from Pembroke Pine. Hello. How are you doing, Mr. Rogers? Okay. To me, you got on the first time caller and you got the great shield here. In the history of broadcast. I'm just a village. I'm looking to every morning. Well, bless you, sir. I'm afraid of my tell me he was having trouble with you. So I got one. And I could, you know, it's great. I wouldn't have a cable for anything in the world. Well, you're absolutely right. I would, and I've got mine all straightened out now. I wouldn't, I don't disagree with you at all. You get everything that's ever been invented. And the cable companies are just a stick it to you. They give you whatever the hell they want and it's wrong. Right. In fact, a senator in a way wants to get involved in something useful. Why doesn't he go after the cable companies? That's the true spec that if we're running around telling everybody he might get me a Rogers off the air. Just, uh, he's a, uh, to the, I'm like he's a, you know. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Mr. Okay. So have a great day. Okay, Baba. Two minutes till noon at a WID, the time is getting close. And I'll see they settle up in 45. But I guess that's when they started feeding them on the computers, perhaps? Probably. Or not is the case, maybe. But during the new news, we'll go back there and check it out and see who's being naughty and nice and maybe they're holding stuff back on us. Now, a spike wise in the building doing a probably. That's trend day. Because if it's trendy and there's stuff in there, we can count on him to come rushing and he's especially if GTR goes up even even marginally. Okay, even just, uh, no, seriously, he'll come racing and he, yeah. And keep mentioning 97 GTR over and over again to the point of being juvenile and embarrassing. That's our bill. Yeah. He liked that. The Beatles record act naturally. That was his favorite. He certainly does it all times. Okay, well, that's going to just about do it. And I can't believe we've already, excuse me, killed two hours. Yeah. And here we are at the halfway mark. All right. This is great. It's kind of like all downhill from here on in. Steve this afternoon with that, uh, incredible show. Marvin Weinstein with parents of murdered children. And then on sports talk, speaking of crime, we have a, the dolphin edition with Rick Weaver talking about, uh, how just letting that slip away from us in the last second. Being a lot of gnashing a teeth and speaking of gnashing Chuck Myers standing by with a new and W. I. O. D. News, welcome back as it gets closer and closer to the moment of truth for broadcasters all over this got forsaken town. The kick and ass with 50,000 colors, ladies and gentlemen, this is the lightning round on the Neil Roger show. Okay. Well, it's 12.06. I. I. I. W. I. And W. I. N. Z. J. I don't want to hear that. You know, it's ponders. And it's embarrassing. Well, we're up to a for eight again on W. I. O. D. From a four four. And it still includes that bogus month of June. So when the summer book comes out, of course, we do have the Alex Ben E. Factor on this, which remains to be seen. They have four asked the Russ. And it's a kind of, but seriously, it's all passed. And you'll I do a back up to a four eight. And I have a feeling that W. News and W. I. N. Z probably are down there in the in the upper twos or low three upper twos is my prediction to wait two nine right around in there 12 plus with ancient demigraph. So now we're just waiting all the hot shots, Bill wise is out there and Disney is standing around like he understands that. And the boy Gary has got real. He's got double suspended on today. Well, he was nervous. The trends were coming in. He figured if the first pair of snappy better have a backup. And his partner in crime Joel was back there. I haven't even seen Joel. Does anybody know who that is? Yeah, I'm that I'm sure. Oh, yeah, guy. Yeah, Kurt. He's Kurt. And that's with a key. And so I see kind of like the guy that called in before. Okay, it's 12.07. A photo. That's not to almost nothing. I don't know what happened. But I think that everybody's just on pins and needles now for these numbers. And well, that's a good sign. The station overall 12 plus would up from a four four in the last trend to a four eight. Now, this is June, July and August. Okay, for the arbitron trends, the arbitrens. And the odd June is not a valid part of the summer book, but they go three months at a time. It's a rolling number. And of course, there are a lot of people in the business rolling in the aisles right now. Okay. Waiting for those numbers to come in. And people at 1194 are just, oh, God, they're just following it to mother. They got their fingers crossed their knees crossed. You bet. And of course, in Irene's case, that's probably a good idea at all times. And who else? Well, this is exciting motivation station. Motivation station is hoping that they're going to make it again. I'm going to show up just a little, not a lot, just a little bit. And of course, the Wolfie radio is really nervous over there at FIU. They're praying that they, their number is a real big one. View M. And view M is a very tense. So anyway, this, this happens once a month. It's kind of like something else like the way every month we go through this in this business. And of course, it's just more pressure than anybody should have to deal with. See, those of you pee on's out there in the audience that have these menial, meaningless jobs. You know, people will have their sobrette hotdogs stand or whatever you do. And you figure you're not making the big bucks. But you don't, you don't have to go through this every month. Okay. Okay. Okay. If you have your own sobrette hotdogs stand, probably nobody's even coming by taking down your license plate number. So there are a lot of things to be said for being self employed. Okay. We've got five stinking lousy calls on Edward. It's embarrassing is how I'd be embarrassed. For example, of Senator Inoei came in the studio right now. I would be so depressed as well. There's six, but two of them date aren't lit up. Seven, five, one. W I O D. I'm really curious to see how many different versions we can get about that story on channel seven news last Wednesday. There he has been a reason. We've had three calls. Each one of them is as different and the unique and it was an ABC report. Was a channel seven. Well, that guy's a little confused. He probably didn't have his metamusel yet today. Well, I shouldn't say metamusel. Jack will get a very upset. Really? You should see all the letters he wrote to Metamusel at the FDA when I made that joke about lacing Metamusel. Oh, Jesus. Oh, this is a serious matter and the people's lives are at stake. Oh, I remember. You know, this guy's got a sensey humor that is so incredible. It's almost, oh, here's my. And here's boy Gary right behind him. I'd look behind if I were you right now. I'd be very cautious. Top 20, hit on GTR. Here we go. This is six a.m. tonight. The June July August trend life. What does that give you an idea what this market is about life is number one with an 8.6. How the mighty have fallen hot. I'm telling you, hot's going to slide because people are going to start realizing that that music they're playing his garbage. Have you listened to it? I don't listen to it. I don't understand what that music is. I can't get it. Hot went down to an 8.1 power of 5.2 magic. Oh, my God. How the mighty a 4. Oh, yeah. See, I don't, I hate to say this, but I don't believe this. Okay, it's bad sampling again because listening habits don't change that dramatic one month. The station doesn't go from nine to like hot to an 8.1. Especially in the summer when all the kids are out of school, unless the sampling is screwed up. Of course, if we do real well in this, I like it. Anyway, so hot was sick of the 8.1 power had a 5.2 that's up slightly. So they're closing that gap. Well, a vegetable here from Bill Tanner today. QBA, no spaghetti English. They had a 4.9. IOD of 4.8. So we were number five. Overall, one of the English speaking station. Well, of course, number one A and by far English. CMQFM and other, no spaghetti English had a 4.5. Magic went down from a 5.3 to a 4.2. Bad sampling. Well, I Jill Johnson's going to be a bit more. So I like this next page. I got because it doesn't have any call letters on it, okay? Well, you don't need that. You're a great copy. It has no call letters. James, but when we're going to start the printing. All right. Now, wait a minute. QBA FM. Now, I got it's going to take a moment for me to write these down. So you people listening just a whistle. Dixie or something. Spike wise has come rushing racing in here. Oh, just the, sorry. Well, when you have something important, then you have to go back to the track. Like I said, when you have something important. Who is up? Really? Where? Newry. That's up. Oh, you've got it there and you're holding it back. Oh, my God, look at that life and midday had a, well, look at that. We passed magic and I don't understand. Life had a 9 9. Well, they do 10 sometimes. It's embarrassing. And I OD, we had midday. We had a 6 8. Now, that's still with that awful month of June in there. Now, what's going to happen when June disappears? Of course, we do have the Alex Benet factor in the last month of December book. Now, that could be a real blow to at Hot Hat of 6 7. So we had a nice increase there from a 6 to a 6 8 with the hot. Oh, but yeah, they're not any hot three. Oh, yeah, they were third. I'm sorry. But they dropped all the way around. I told you they would drop, and I think they'll continue to write life. Be the 7. You can't write. Yeah, well, I don't know. But you can't tell. It's elevator music. And nobody pays any attention to it. That is a very, very, very excited about the fact that those life numbers are just way up there dancing on the ceiling. Okay? And if you're a potential advertiser by the way, you spend any money on background elevator music. I just want to caution you because nobody listens to it. And nobody, unless you believe in subliminal advertising, I'd save the money. 12 13 is incorporated in North Miami Beach. He says we have a lot of nearly so we hear. And on the 13th of this month, that's Wednesday, isn't it? Yeah. In North Miami Beach from noon to midnight, the Camilla's house truck will be there at 1999, Northeast, 164th Street, brother Harry Summerville, the House Director of Camilla's house will be with us nine PM to 11 PM. It says we're not soliciting cash donations. Goods only food clothing, toiletries, medical supplies, linens. So that's coming up Wednesday from 9 to 11 PM. And that's said, 1999, and 1999 Northeast, 164th Street in North Miami Beach at the Hall over Shark and Tarpen, HST. So if you've got food stuffs and medical supplies and linens and so on, covering yourselves accordingly and place up at the Camilla's house. Okay? Anyway, with the trends are coming in here, we, well, I'm glad we got that in here early. Okay? We did very, very nicely. It's just the ground. Thank the audience for whatever it is we thank them for for their, well, for their stupidity. Like the guy said before, you know, the guy who was watching TVC report. Also, this is really shocking. It almost is deserving of a jingle. I have a note from Alex Bennett. Uh-huh. Shocking out of San Francisco. In fact, the letter is so light that it kind of left over during the door. Do your Neil just want to say what a pleasure it was to take over in your absence. Hope I didn't rearrange the furniture or dirty up the place too much. You're a rare thing in this small thinking business and Miami is very lucky to have you and have a station that supports your madness. Again, thanks for the opportunity, but not too much. I don't want you to blast me on the air for kissing your ass. Alex Bennett isn't at you. I always liked Alex a lot. You know, he was right. I heard that when he was here, it was really almost indescribable. Anyways, 12 17 at Wiod and, um, geez, I can't believe these trends here. I attempted to take some calls because every line is lit. So we take a couple of calls while waiting for more. I wanted to think about the trends for a second. A six eight. It's one to. Now, are you going to start going on the air saying we did a six eight and we did it because called or ripped you for that too. But why did this? And we had that for taking credit. Am I taking credit because I happened to be a few more here? It would probably be an eight eight. I see. I just said that just to make call or happy because he hates your friends. I think you're the first one. I think you're the first one. I love the amazing. Well, you know, the women are so shocked from that dolphin game yesterday. There was a black Sunday. Yeah. The left, Ross, the Yankees Ross. Yeah, a bad day for New Yorkers. How about those jets, huh? Well, the only bright spot was the Dallas team. Mm-hmm. I love it. If you ever noticed, I think you mentioned and I know are deleted. I've never seen them together now that you mentioned and I think they have the same barbedo. They both have those cubby cheek, they look like squirrels doing that for the winter. Mm-hmm. We're going to let two Brian Norcross. No, I'm from up to New York. Really? Well, good. Let's move about that for while I really get the bird out there. I'm from airport. Fairport, right outside of Rochester. Right. All the way to minute KT just came in so you know he's got his important. And here's Nick right behind. We got like a parade of people coming in here today. I could ask you just one question quickly. By the way, to the Arney, I did not lose the Craig B. G. O. Carrot. You can be sure they have a special place in my heart. Yes, man. You used to talk about South Western restaurant in Broward County. South Western food. And I've been trying for a week to remember the name of the name of the day. Armadillo, can't say. In Davy. Yes, we can. There's no wise looks real real. Oh, God. He looks suicidal. Uh-oh. GTR must have taken a day. Oh, you wouldn't you know my waiting one second day. No. Well, wait a minute, here's all the stations. What happened to GTR? They're not on the first page. Uh-oh. Where the hell are they? Uh-oh. Now, come on, Spike. Where? You might be there. Uh-oh. They went from a three, three to a three and 12 plus three. Oh. Go ahead, man. I don't want to give these on to your Spike. Oh, good. He just swiss. Uh-oh. That bill wise. You know, our good buddy Bill. Look at this. Renuria in the morning, five eight to a five seven. So he stayed just about the same. Yeah, what else have you hear about this? Me? No. No. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm trying to get you involved in the conversation. It's obvious, you don't care about these ratings, right? Now, magic in the name of year. Magic in the morning drop from a five one to a three nine. Yeah. Hot went from an eight seven to a seven nine. You're still number one in the morning, though. Now, what are about that? The Colonel's Army before the Colonel bailed out. I wondered if the bomb would go back. He had a one seven in the morning. That's up from a one five, but still pretty desperate. Zeta. Oh, my God. Just when he was catching on. He went from a one five to a one eight and they let him go. He was sizzling. He was smoking, man. Just as they were starting to take off like a rocket. They knocked that show off the air. You know, we have to look. They think they asked us to really you had diarrhea. Oh, God, God bless you. Yes, we did. I don't listen when you're not there. I'm not going to comment. Um, I, um, if you're not there, I mean, I was like, that was life at a nine nine. I, oh, do you had a six day. Let's see our quen went up about twenty thousand. We did pretty damn good, okay? So Senator, in a way, before you take me off the air, maybe you ought to take a look at the book, all right? That wouldn't influence him at all. Because he's got that tape from Jack and he's got his mind all made up. Uh, how 105, six seven down from a seven three. Uh huh. C. M. Q. A four nine Q B A of four nine. Joy. Four six to a four seven magic midday from a five six to a four six magic seemed to be just have hit their peak and power from a three eight to a four four W snooze. Look at this. Woo. Uh oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This must be the effect of um, Debbie Ellis. They went from a three one to a three eight. Woo. And midday. That Debbie, I told you, big in this business. She is a giant. While 100 from a three four to a three six followed by kiss. Oh, I know what we need to see. We need to see the morning numbers for call. We already saw a number here. The Gospel. Now just a minute here. Renery had a five seven. This is twelve plus. Oh, I've got my fingers and legs crossed for are they on here? Did they make it? Oh, no, come on, that would be ridiculous. They're not on this sheet. Well, I want, um, oh, it only goes down to a one one. I want, uh, spike wise to give me the QAM numbers. He remembered he did that last time, because they didn't make the one one. Well, he didn't expect that. That started with a point four, so maybe if they went up to a point seven or point eight, that would be like almost, that would be double. Oh, boy, I can't say anything because they'll take it as a rip no matter what it is. Don't talk about colder show. He hates you like poison already. Uh, midday, we're worried. We had that big WL. No, she did increase that dramatically. Yeah, three eight. Now, when did they make that change? And double the WLD. When did they make the challenge? Oh, no, I'd like to look, oh, no, he is going to love it. Look at that. Steve went from a three one. Oh, well, how come you're not giving me Steve's number? Oh, here it is. Okay, wait a minute, I'm holding my breath. Well, three seven to a three six. Okay. And at night, WLD from a three one to a four four. So I guess that means Ferrell's not coming, huh? Okay, Dick, if you're listening, because he must be listening, because he called a little while ago. Boy, Gary, just let me in Odee said he changed his mind. Don't buy a house. I need another soda. Do you think that Ferrell is listening up there? And she's got that executive stash up there in front lane, damn. Look at Marvin. He's smiling like, I'm not going to go running into you a soda, right? Nick would go give me a soda, but not Marvin. I'm still thinking about Chicago. By the way, I wonder if Jack has Marvin's I, Tinerary in Chicago, written somewhere. Boy, that's what he's going to talk about a scan. Yeah. Okay, seven of midnight. Look at that. Now, what about seven of midnight? They're always a bragging about their big sports shoe over there and how they're going to kick ass against sports talk. He way, M from a two one to a two two. So they went up just a hair. Got a two, but our night time seven of midnight went from a three one to a four four. Now, we want to ask some specific numbers here. Oh, we haven't gotten to gloves 94. Exactly. Well, I can take a learning morning. They show on love 94. We're on the first page. We're on the second page. Now we're on the third page. Now, they made a little come back from a two-o to a two-two. Now, this is 12 plus again. I just mentioned that in passing midday. They're not on the first page, but they are on the second page. Come a two six all the way up to a three-two. Okay. Now, here's your girlfriend. I read in the afternoon. Now, on the first page, but on the second page, come a two four to a three. All right. So, how do you like that? Okay. See, there was that everybody got stuck this summer with one ridiculous, ungodly inaccurate. Now, we have a gentleman on the phone who is in the business of analyzing radio ratings. I heard that coffee and Greg was probably that was great. Wasn't that great? Nice to know that Greg and Keith and all those people over there love us and I personally love the bird. Well, that's who that's a water squint. What? That call Greg made. Well, did you ever call Joey? No, not not. Marvin, what are you doing? Are you digging for change? What is he doing? Cheryl? What? She doesn't have anything up there? What is he talking about? I don't know. By the way, Marvin, it doesn't make any difference. Whether she's there is the door open. All I want is a soda. She doesn't have to be in there to take one of those sodas. You have to get permission from her. She isn't there. Marvin, you got to learn the ropes around this joint. You just take whatever you want. Go ahead, sir. I'm very sorry to interrupt this extremely important one. Marvin, it's a great improvement. Yes. Well, don't say that Nick is in the building and Nick is very sensitive. In case you haven't noticed. Such a nice guy. No, you don't need permission. Don't, don't, don't believe anything she tells you. Okay, we feed her like it's going out of style. It's thanks to us that you stop looking like Ikebodcreen Jr. Go ahead, sir. Anyway. I hate to keep interrupting this extraordinarily well. Well, one thing I had to say about when there was a caller talking about. And then, let's take a look at the mornings on W News and the Alice Rentel fact. They went from a two seven to a two nine. Now remember I said he wouldn't break a two. How did I only do by the way? Ernie, let's look at those FDL. Oh, you're talking. What a great old friend. Oh, seven a midnight. All right, not. I don't want you to repeat that. I dumped that because that was the most disgusting thing I ever heard. I have to start dumping you. I don't think you've ever been dumped. Well, you have now. I'm not putting that kind of film. I'm usually in control. I don't. I must confess to you. I don't find a number. Maybe there isn't one. Is this still on the air? Well, he's still on air. But it's not on here. He didn't make the cut off. The cut off point is a one two. Oh, they're not. The crony didn't make a one two a night. I'll bet Arnie will never find screws in his tires. I would imagine. Thank you so much, Marvin. I see wasn't that difficult? That's terrific. Oh, I. What was I just saying before Marvin's so rudely interrupted with that soda? All about Ernie, you know, he didn't make it. I wish Spike Lies would give me the QAM numbers so that I can have build callers number. I hope it went up to like a point eight, which would be double. Just for build, you know, he deserves it. Doesn't he? We'll see we're all afraid to say anything because he's a subripping. Oh, he does. He does deserve it. Okay, listen to that. Anyway, no, we never got our. We never thought it all. I just told he didn't make it. It's not on here. That means he just did not have any rating. It means it was under a one two. We need to QAM breakout. No, I don't know. I want to see if Carter had anything in the morning. No, he can even pull QAM out of there. He did it for me last time. It's under 25. Yeah, it's didn't make the cut. FTL didn't either. Boy, Gary's laughing. I don't understand why. Don't laugh at these people. This is their livelihood now. Okay, here's 25 to 54. WMD from a three eight back up to a four two. So it looks like that one, you know, when June disappears, we should be in great shape, except for the Alex benefit factor. Now, I want you to give me your appraisal. All I think didn't you already do it? No. About Alex benefit. Do I have to pay? Yes. That was it. That was an excellent. Phil, excellent. He's kind of like a man. Can you say that again, sir? Nothing more needs to be said. No, he's been from PhD. Listen, he sounded like, uh, Joey Reynolds with an animal bottle. He sounded like Joel Reynolds. Something like that. He was not an oasis. Nice. Well, I'm going to tell you, it took me a solid week to get the audience back. I guarantee that my hand is a sky. I wouldn't even call. Hmm. Huh. I can listen. How are the Dodgers doing? I need to ask. Forget, don't, it's not worth taking any time from the show for. Okay. They're, uh, they're just buried in oblivion. Uh, put Tommy. He'll be all right. Yeah, at least you keep in the way to. Mm-hmm. Well, it's obvious you have nothing to contribute today. So, no, no. It's going to real pleasure. One last thing. You know, we got it out of the way. Glenn's talking about how nice he is at all these, uh, when he makes these guests appearance. Oh, he's not. I have to tell you he was really rude at Toyota. Oh, God. Yeah, you were talking about that. I already know that. Let me tell you the story. Yeah. I came up with my wife with never met you before, okay? And you turned on, you said, you see the doorclad, you see the doorclad, and I said, no, she's not. You turn your back me. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Have a great time. Good night. I can't believe you did it. Well, I think the truth is finally coming out about you and your tempered behavior. So you behavior. So you're better govern yourself accordingly. So I can say Wednesday, it's specs will be a good time to start on on a whole new turnover in New Leaf. Craw 35 at WIDK and see that he's really moved and see there's some people in his home. There's no, there's a message. Some people who refuse to get the message until it's too late. You know what I mean? Look what happened to Don Agony. 25 till one at WIDK will be right back. Okay, 1238 at WIDK is there anybody else you want to know before we proceed with the calls? I can't think of it. Because the audience hates this. They don't care about any. I mean, they'd not like to know that we did well, but they don't. This is strictly for people in the business who want to close enough to management to get the information. Right, numbers with decimal points are favorite numbers with testable points. Jeff Gonser, we want to congratulate one from a one nine to a two one and twelve plus. So just before they blew everybody out over there, they were doing their biggest number ever. Turned the corner. They had just turned the corner and they blew everybody out. Can you believe that? That's what they talk about bad driving skills. They just don't know what the house is going on. W-Y-N-Z in midday 12 plus went from a one eight to a two one. So Tim Williams, congratulations. You and Dennis can rest easy. Make no mistake about it. They are doing it in both places. Okay. I can't wait to get the demographics like 25 to 54 and see the great numbers they had on those two stations. And in the afternoon, believe it or not, but Sandy, I guess they got everybody in the right thing. Dennis really didn't. He put people in the right day parts. Make no mistake about it. Because in the afternoon, WNWS from a two seven to a three five would Sandy. Oh boy, and of course don't forget they've also got that channel 10 simultaneous. There that must be a big number. That must be a heavy weight number. Okay. So congratulations Dennis. Maybe you don't have to drive me out of the market after all. You guys are really kicking some serious ass and life went through the roof. So you better call Jack and tell them to just a government himself accordingly. Okay. From the car probably be a good place to call from. 21 till 1 at W-Y-O-D. Daniel. Hi. And one of the people who saw that channel seven reports. All right. Now you're number four. So far we've had three distinctly different versions. Well, you know, it basically just showed you in the very beginning like they said that. Oh picture of you in the air. I was eating right. All over and stuff. But you know what got me about the whole report is that here they give. Talk about that guy and how he's been trying to get you off the air. You don't mean Jack to you. I mean I won't even you know for users name. But they never gave you a chance. I mean what happened to Fergiornism here? Well, they don't know anything about that. Well, they did speak to Disney. And of course I guess that was their idea of giving equal time. Because you know, somebody's going to have all these allegations towards you. You'd think they'd at least talk to you. Well, they are pretty far away, you know. Yeah. And as far as I've said it ago, he kind of, I continue way to go. He's going to look into all of this. Well, let me let me ask you. Did he specifically mention me by name and say it's real? I just think he really used Neil Rogers. I think he said we he's going to listen to them like your tapes. Oh, I see. If you'd have to do anything about getting it off here. Because he thinks the shock radio is getting too far. Well, I tell you, I know the tapes that were sent there. And there was a lot of stuff taking out a context and a lot of material that we haven't played on here. It didn't online. Yeah. It was very nicely edited by Jack. You know, that's not the way they do things in Washington. You know, I can't believe that somebody like that can really really go around to voting their lives to this. Absolutely. Every waking moment of every single day, this is the only life that the man has is just the trash. 37, 37. Oh, my God. Well, he has a retired. His wife is an attorney and she works and brings home a paycheck. And this is the way he is. I just can't believe that somebody goes that far. You know, like what you're saying about life and plates and everything. I mean, give me a break. Yeah. You know, whatever happened to the right to privacy. Well, maybe he read too many Sherlock Holmes stories, something like that. But, you know, it may work in your favor like Mary with children used to be really, you know, not very well. I always liked it, but the ratings were never that good. Yeah, like this. When a woman made that big stink about it, the ratings went up great. Yeah, like this show we never had much in a way of rating for them. Well, I don't like first of reading article a couple of years ago. I never knew about, you know, really about Neil Rodd. Are you serious? And then I saw it in the paper. Oh, geez. Somebody who would wear a cell and deal that sounds like my kind of show. Well, that's great. Because I know that the sunshine magazine over at the Sun Sentinel is going to do it. They got a woman is going to do an incredible hatchet job on the show. It's coming up real soon. So I'm sure that'll probably increase the cue by 20,000 people. It leads. But, you know, I love your show and the better not take it off the air. Because it really is about the only thing to listen to. Well, you can say that again. Now Florida. Okay. And you don't have a good day, but I'll be right there. Okay. 1242 at WID. Now we have four different stories on the channel seven report. And it is nice to know that there are that many people watching. There's an open line in Broward. Five, two, four, WID. If you'd like to know how your favorite station did in the trends. I'm sure a lot of people in the audience that are just shaking and quaking out there. They stopped coming in, though. Did I miss something? We got to 25 to 54 and he stopped bringing him in. We've only got the whole day, the whole week. 25 to 54. We don't have the day parts. Why do they stop coming in? Is there some reason for that? I want to see those 18 to 34 as myself. Bill wise will be just to Apple plug that you won't get that. I don't think. We'll get him. We'll have to go back there and raise what I also didn't get the QAM numbers either. You know what I'm saying? You think about those? It'll be taken out of context and it was to the round. Well, what were you to that, aren't we? You know, you know it. Senator Innoe, I'll get a copy of the comments. Miami Beach, hello. This is a fifth report on the channel. Okay. Well, listen, we can get up to about 20. We can have 20 separate reports. Well, here's what Disney said. They showed him sitting at his desk. He said, simply said, he seems to be quite on the 10. Smiling slightly. And he said, go mind your own business. Well, we don't use any of those seven forbidden words. I don't remember that. Well, at least not on the year. I've heard him use that. Yeah. Well, remember, as you be eating, you're being shown eating. There's no ender. They showed you two three times, no one's telling. And you look pretty good. There was no indication that you were eating. There was no food. There was no food. There was no food. There was no food. Is it as incredible? Because we've had two different reports on it. Let's take a poll. Eating or not eating folks. Well, you may. I don't know what position you take. You sit down and lean over. You like the phone. If you just, that's probably what you had have been doing. Well, lately I've been like Jim Baker. I've been doing the show in the fetal position. I curl up under the table. Okay. Now, what about Senator Innoway? What's the kind of smart ass stuff that he had to say? Well, they showed Senator Innoway. And now, as somebody said before that, he didn't speak. Senator, that they just talked about. They just talked about it. He just talked about it. He just talked about it. What was said? Jane Acer. Yeah. Jane Acer. That's the way you pronounce it. Exactly. You know the name A.K.I.A.R.E. But you pronounce it. Exactly. Well, I always call it a Jane Acer. Well, somebody else. Some of the others did so, but it is. Exactly. Choose to be on that show. Green Acer. Okay. Now, what did Senator Innoway have to say? Let's get right down to him. You were looking at a paper in front of him. And he said, just what he said at the Iran concert thing. He said, I'm shocked. That's the currency. You're the yellow thing. Jane Acer said that. He said, it's been said. I will send for the tape. Well, that's a long time ago. That's about two months ago. See, so that's footage that they took. They pieced together a thing from weeks apart. See, that goes way back in the beginning. Well, we see that wasn't wrong. And the candidate was there. Yeah. That's the way they do it on TV. You know, they just take a bunch of stuff. And they, you know, snidded all up and they slap it together. And that's it. Well, he shot these, I guess. Well, the orange is one of the things I want to say. And that's about that very part of the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the football players that they're charging and so on and so forth. The worst things are really provoked. There was a story that they'd be formed coming out of the list cards, and that the, that the, that the, that there was going to be a big upset. There was one, one, a, a young, was concerned with ball player when it's a detail about it. And that probably defaults the living energy. It has to be spawning up at the score. Uh, in the first five or six minutes of the game, it looked like an upset with a thought to occur. Uh, and only had, uh, some three to the one pass in nine tries. Yeah. And, uh, and they, and the other team, uh, I was conscious of sports first and was treated. Yeah, so I saw that part. I was at the track they had to game on. Well, and the cost, uh, the idea was, uh, so, um, so to get out and get, get us confident. So he, uh, uh, uh, as when he started rolling, uh, uh, the coach left him in there long enough so that he, he got a firm, um, a firm grip on the body, right? Can we say that? I firm grip on things. Right. And, uh, we don't want to sit, center in a way. I'll get upset about that. Well, listen, don't lose any sleep over to just a game, right? Yeah, some other time I like to call him and, uh, get, and, uh, get you the origin of the words, and this, and the, uh, well, and, but it's funny. You should mention that because the next time channel 7 comes in, and I'm going to be eating carrots, and this on the air. So it's going to be great. And you look bad as right now. No, no, next time. Next time. Don't use, don't use all your good material and one call, sir. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Like about a year from Tisha Boe, he could call back in and tell us about some, and what is that stuff you got over there? Somebody facts me an article from the Wall Street Journal about the problems, uh, the Pat Sage Act show is having. Oh, yeah. Big problem. On your metal problem. They are like no viewers. Yes. That's exactly right. Mm-hmm. That's the problem. That's a matter of fact. So what are they going to put on there? What are the green acrees there? Yeah. It's a matter of fact. Didn't she send me the plant? Or was that somebody else who sent me the plant? Was that somebody in the acre? And I call her soy maker. And you didn't even correct it. He did. All right. What did you really? Yeah. I don't know what her name is. She just says, she says, okay, she does a good job. Yes. Plant died, but it's a 12 minutes before I want to double you out. No, she's very nice. And what's your name's very nice, too? Not a lot of talent, but she's very nice. What's your name? Yeah. Anyway, let's tell you about soy. Yeah, I don't know. Huh? You don't know. Boy, you're ready to not commit a murder. You don't want to say anything. There is what you talk about colder. The track? No, the tacos. The show. 89s are flying out of Toyota Hollywood because people are getting deals of a lifetime. Right now, they're literally just a few days. I mean, a very, very few before they're going to be loading up on the 90s. They're going to be coming into the car. So you better get over there now and check out these tremendous deals. A brand new 89 super with leather interior and power seats, 19,800 and 89 terselle 2 or 6790, a corolla ford or 8990. Don't forget similar fantastic savings on use cars right across the street at Toyota of Hollywood's used car lot in 84 Mazda GLC, 2295 and 88 GMC G15 pickup 9895 and 86 Chevy Z28 Camero 73 95 and 88 Nissan pickup 6795 and 86 Celica GT coupe with automatic air and stereo 84 95. We could take hours and go down the list of really tremendous bargains, but you got to get your butt over there and look around and pick out just the one you want. Right now, best time of the year to buy a Toyota of Hollywood on 441 just out the Sheridan Street in Hollywood. I am. Charlie Galley was a rookie in R&D. Exlement when it came to brainstorming, but not real strong in the practical application department. I remember one time flying midway airlines, the home office and Charlie was captivated by the low fears. By his, off the cup of arithmetic, the company had saved a bundle by year end. And up to put in a health club, built a new R&D wing and fly everyone to St. Croix for the annual meeting. His logic was a little sketchy. It somehow made it all sound possible. Last I heard, it turned his 27th million at age 27. Maybe there was something in his logic after all. Or maybe he still flies midway. Midway airlines, our spirits of daily part of business lives, happy not only the baby money, but time and effort as well. Midway, our spirit will lift you. Sounds like an alibi to me. Also, if you be 1251 at WIOD, you were still looking for Ernie Sochen on this thing. You didn't make the... I don't want your looking for. They don't have ratings on when you're looking for me. No, I know, not a word. Okay, let's continue with the calls here. We have an open line in date county. 75, what look at that? There it goes. Why, but you don't get calls like that on FTO. And even Palm Beach, look at that phone. And every line is just blazing here. And it's a Monday. Look at it. It's often lost. And the ratings are out and they were great for us. And they're still calling. Now, I think it's Marvin. It must be because everything else is the same. The fact that we got Nick out of there. Well, I don't want to put it in those terms. The fact that Nick is busy with other duties during these offices. It's not a nice diplomatic way of putting it. I think the audience has just changed their whole attitude. Now that, see, it's not me. I'm not the one who's intimidating. It was Nick the one who was intimidated. That's why there were times a lot of people were terrified to call. Right? Exactly. Anyway, I want to thank my friends over at Channel 7 for doing that. We've had five different reports on that story so far. Each one of them has been entirely different. And do you have any idea what it really was all about? Would you like to wander over there at two o'clock? No. Why are you out of your mind? I got the exposed lanced and against managed running with me. What? What is for you? I got my brand new vet convertible sitting out there. It's starting itself. It's already to go to my house to watch that game. Well, for you talk about me. How about you wander over there? You have nothing else to do? How do you go over there? Great. Good idea. Maybe they got some food over there. Okay. It's eight minutes. In fact, if they do bring some bags. So, that's going to go check this out. You can go back for some food today. Have you noticed? Nothing came in. No food. And it's too late now. There's no way that we're not eating now. Crawl springs. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hi. Listen. First of all, I want to talk about the cubs. I was up there in Atlanta last weekend. And I'll tell you, I got Andre Dawson's signature. Great. Yeah. He hit two homerons at the end. In a game they lost. Yeah. Eight to five. I was hoping. If you guys wanted to finance me going to any of the games, I'll get his autograph. Well, I'll tell you. I don't want to finance anything for you. But I do have some old tickets from the cubs. Met's games. On that Sunday, the last day we're there. We had about six extra tickets. And I didn't want to scalp him because I knew the jack would probably have some people there on the street waiting to arrest us. So, I have six souvenir tickets from the last cubs. Met's game. That's the one that the Mark race hit the homerone. Mark race. Yeah. I got all I got his autographs. They are so nice. Yeah. Mark race is so nice. There's no question about it. But they're energetic. They're young. Well, that's terrific. And that more Greg Maddox is young and energetic too. I hope he's very energetic this afternoon for about seven innings. But let me tell you, I will have to say that they did not look good. In Atlanta. Yeah. Well, no, we had to get that out of our system. Better to do it then than the way to the last two weeks. You know, we had to get that little thing out of our system. And did they did? Yeah. We had a great time. Also, I wanted to tell you that you were talking about Maddox, Mueso. Oh, yeah. Okay. Very big in this town. Okay. A lot of stuff in it. But I will have to tell you last week there was an announcement. I think it must have been on a Saturday on WD. I should say that. And that wasn't smacked green was it? Well, he was announcing the scroll that was going to talk about. It was going to take pictures at a fight. And what he came out and said that he was the girl was going to take pictures at the Far. Oh, that was Jane Thomas. That was in the newsroom. Oh, I have to tell you. My daughter was to the wrong. My daughter enjoyed that. That would take quite a camera, wouldn't it? Yeah. And I have to tell you. Only because you're a cup of sand or a listen to you. Well, that's great. Well, I have a salon and I try to keep you on all this time. But sometimes my ladies, they get a little upset when you know you talk about the green flum and all that. Yeah. Well, tell them do take a little bit of medical things. They're holding this position. Okay. Listen, have a great day. And we'll try to see if Maddox can do it today. Yeah. And win the game too. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. 255 at WIOD. And boy, it's really great. What are you reading the newspaper? I don't understand. And landers. Leave me alone. Oh, excuse me guys. Oh, are you finished? Oh, I was reading about the teens having said. So you're starting this again. You were reading about teens having said. Oh, that was all. I was just totally into the sandlanders world. Who wrote the letter, Jack? Somebody in Oregon. Boca. Boca. Are you, do you believe that? Oh, I'll remember. I'll remember. Okay. This is a period because of your intemperity. And like you're attitude. Carl Gables. Hello. Hey, doing now. Okay. This story on channel 7 is in this the great journalism that lost the affiliation with one of the big three networks. No, they didn't lose the affiliation because of the journalism. They lost it because of Weston because general electric. But the channel 4, which owns NBC. Oh, that's what it is. Yeah, they didn't lose it because of their crappy journalism. I mean, that just happens to be a constant. Okay. And also about the center there. You know, every time they go after someone that's of impotence, it usually covers up some scandal. Yeah. And he has been seen with Jessica Han look alike. Yeah. Having dinner with Barney Frank. Good big. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. So hold your guns. Okay. I'll be there with you. See you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome to six of WIDL. A lot of tension building on this show today. And we're coming in here. And all of a sudden, we got to the 25 to 54s. And we got the whole day, the whole week. But we don't have the day parts. The 18 to 34 is most certainly have not cast the shadow on this door. We've only got one hour to go. We don't have a lot of time to waste. You're going to have to go pry some of those. Yeah, during the one of the clock, I'm going to have to kind of, you know, Dr. Back there. See what the hell is the slow down. The only way you're going to get to see what is going on here. Well, I guess Spike is, he was not happy. How do I have to camp or when he walked out of here the last time? Well, he looked those GTR numbers. And his head started spinning around and then it looked like Linda Blair. Bob McCay from QAM is he on WRIZE. He called, well, why didn't he speak to us on the air? Calder? Oh, well, thank God, I'm getting this from somewhere. Calder went from a point four. We know it was a point four, right? Point one. Two. A point six. Well, that's good in one month. He was only there. He's only been there for two months. Oh, QAM from a 40 from 4800 to 12,100. Well, that's almost triple in no time at all. So how do you like that? See, if he breaks a one over there, which he will and probably the next, you know, in the summer book, there'll be a static. So you started with nothing. That's all I wanted to know. Well, that's great. Congratulations, Bill. Thank you. Thank the Lord. Praise the Lord and past the ammunition. Okay. We got the big one to two hour coming up in the meantime. We have three open lines to attend to there. One in date, 751 Wild, one in Broward, five, two, four Wild, and one in Palm Beach. See, I made a very bad mistake. I made that comment about how great the audience had been today. That even with a good trend here and with a dolphin loss and with a being a Monday, and they had come just been incredibly involved in the show and enthusiastic and some of them even had something to say, which this show is very, very rare. And now all of a sudden, they have a feeling they're going to slack off. One thing I should have learned a long time ago, you never ever compliment the audience, because then they rest on their allorals. Okay. They sit back and they rest on their allorals. Okay. We do want to remind you that that incredible channel seven news is coming up later on with the Sally, and that whole crew. No way. Then we want to give them a little plot since they've been so kind to me. And where is that thing with Steve Show on it again? Oh, here I keep trying to hide it because it's so morbid. Marvin Weinstein is the guest on the Cancio appearance of murdered children and then on Sports Talk, Rick Weaver will tell you why the dolphins were robbed in yesterday's heartbreaking loss to the bills, followed by, oh, bush-pring bang. We've got just a few appearances remaining until baseball season ends until the start of the Dick Feral Show. That Dick Feral, he is so good that it defies the script. In other words, there is nothing I can say to you to make you understand just how talented this man is. So, why even bother? Right? And we'll come back after Chuck Meyer in the Water Clock News here on 610 WIOD. New Stock Radio 610 WIOD presents Neil Rogers, to get in touch and talk, call 751 WIOD in day, 524 WIOD in Broward, or 655 and 278 WIOD in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call Colette. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers are not necessarily those of the station. Now, here's Neil Rogers on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD. It's the water to the water. It's a little loose there, but right in the middle of the sentence. Well, we don't have time for the show. We got so much importance to going on inside. Okay. There's numbers. Well, anyway, 18 to 34 now. Spike Wise, I got to admit, even though he is among-head. He did hand me all of this stuff. He was a real gentleman about it. He looked really depressed. Well, look at this, 18 to 34 midday now. I don't want anybody to get nervous, but WGTR, one from an 840 was 7.8. We went from a 6-1 to a 6-7. Now, 7.8 and 6-7 are not that far apart. Am I right? A point of paring. This is 18 to 30. Or, which we're not even supposed to listen to, A.M. When we came here, it was 1.3.0.3 or something like that. I think it was a point. Now we've got a 6.7. I will tell you, gloves 94 had a great 18 to 34 midday. It was 1.2. That is great. So they jumped right into the fray there, which is incredible. Now, let's get to these 25 to 54s, because all of you in the audience know that 25 to 54 in the radio and television world, nobody cares about you. Okay. It's like you're a non-person. And in the morning, Reneri had four, let me see, four one from a 4-3. So about flat. What else do we want to see in the morning? This is the Alice Renel factory at work. It is shocking. Collins must be going nuts. They went from a 0.7 to a 1. In 25 to 54 last 25, they only ranked 25 in these. They're still last, but they're at a point once. So they're moving it on WXDJ. No, 1.1. 1.1. And in the end, they're closing in on those stations. Now, what happened here in midday 25 to 54? Let's take a peek here. I promise I won't bore you with too much more of this. Magic from a 95 down to a 7-8. How the money are dropping? Well, I was a fluke anyway. I, O.D., went from a 6-3 to a 7-4 and 25 to 54. And of course, that includes the 2 o'clock hour. Why are you snickering? Hot can of 8-7-2. Love from a 35 to a 47. Love had a real nice trend here. Okay? So it's good that we made up with them just in time. Just in time. Hey, Greg, how you doing, babe? Yeah. 25 to 54 in the afternoon now. Let's take a look at Mr. Kane from a 35 to a 35. You stayed flat. So that's something. I don't know what, but it's not. Let's check out WOLD here in midday 25. Debbie might have put a real, uh, rank, let's see, I and Z. 0.7 to a 0.9. Oh, oh, Debbie, Alice. She had that bigger number in midday, but it wasn't, it was old. Because 25 to 54, they went from a 15 to a 1-3. So evidently, Debbie has added the gerrital and metabusal set to that, after the midday. Afternoons, let's see if Sandy has brought her usual sparkling touch with the younger demos. Yes, she has from a 1-8 to a 1-5, 25 to 54. Dennis, it isn't just about the peers to be. You continue selling that. That's a great combo that life and WOLD old older and old is man. Let's talk about those, uh, nursing homes and those ACLFs. Oh, God. I remember though, you know, oh, yes, those adult congregate ACDS, adult congregate dying facilities. Oh, I love that Debbie, Alice. They don't come any bigger than her. Wow. So the worm is turning ladies and gentlemen. We had that depressing month in the month of June. And I guess Jack probably thought, well, they're going to be off the air anyway. You know, their audience is just vanishing, but. Oh, I like the pitch on that pitch. Oh, I like the pitch on that pitch. Oh, I like the pitch on that pitch. Oh, I like the pitch on that. Don't you? It's like somebody goes to singers there right at the very end. Can we see that? I don't want to get Senator in a way all upset. It's 10 minutes past one at WIO. You know, he's got a good sensey. He worked as an e. It just didn't show it on the outside. Kind of like stern and grim. Howard Stern and Bob Grimm. Charlie Grimm used to manage the cubs. Okay, 10 past one. Let's tell you about speaking of the cubs. How about Don Zimmer, loosen that weight on neutral system. You can see it because when a cubs pitcher is pitching bad. He races out there now. He doesn't have to water like he used to. He's lost about 25 pounds at least. Our very own sunny Hirsch. He he looks tremendous. Different different. Different. Absolutely different. It's amazing. And he hasn't been on it that long. He's lost. I'm sure over 45 pounds. And he has only been on it a few weeks. So if you want to lose that debilitating fat, which is disgusting and on healthy and looks like Let's face. It looks like awful. Yeah, you know, sunny wears like real shirts now. Yeah, notice and talks a man. Yeah, which is a sure sign that you're not fat anymore. Look at that. There's a proof. You get involved with neutral system. And you're going to fall in love with it. And you know, you'll get all over these stupid gimmicks and diet plans. It don't work. This will be the last weight loss program you ever have to get involved with. For your no obligation computerized weight loss consultation call neutral system right now. While it's fresh on your mind and in no time at all, you could look exactly like Don Zimmer called toll free 1-800-344 thin. That's 1-800-344-8446. Finally, a home service that really cares. Self-larda home services offers a variety of professional service. They also know the worry of bringing someone you don't know into your home to care for what you work so hard to acquire. The folks at Self-larda home services are dependable. Hardworking and trustworthy. But everyone tells you that. The professionals at Self-larda home services want the chance to prove it. They're monthly cleaning service provide service when and how many times you need it. You can have your home or condo clean by one or two people depending on your needs for as low as $35. And they bring their own cleaning supplies. Just $35 can make your home sparkle while you attend to other things. Self-larda home services 100% guaranteed, everyone. Let me first do that. Okay, it's 13 past 1 at WIOD North Lodernigl. Hello. I need to. Okay.