Okay, that was great. Five, sixty, double two AM. I'm go-caller and nice to be with you this morning. Hope everybody's okay. And we're going to go right to the phones. I got some calls on hold. I can't believe it. It's wonderful. I'm online one. What do we have a surprise caller? Is that what they said? Oh, boy. Well, keep your hand on the dump button. Save, save. We might let's keep your hand on the dump button. Good boy. Hello. Hello. Good morning, Bill. Good morning. How are you? Fine, thank you. Bill? Yes. How is New Orleans? How is it? How is New Orleans? I was New Orleans. Yes. Phil Cabassi. Oh? Hello. Phil Cabassi. What's that? Okay, well, I'll just take it a guess. Okay, could you put me on hold? Which one hold? Yes. What do you want to hear the show? I don't know. I have a radio. That's what it's for. Who is this? Oh, come on, Bill. Wake up. You know who it is, Steve? You don't know. Okay. How are we to you, while you play a song? You wait for me while I play a song? Plan song, please. A sing one. That's something. No, I can't. I won't be able to talk. You mean off the air? Yes, yes. No, I can't do that. Yeah. Phil. Phil. Why? Well, Bill, Bill. Yes, yes. Bill, Bill. I wrote you a letter while you're playing in New Orleans. You wrote me a letter while I was in New Orleans? Yes. I'm on work with, I'm on my leave. Intent. You're on leave? Yes. When my work release program? No, no, no. A vacation. Somewhere. Oh, from the Middle East. There you go. Oh, I am really... Are you still don't know? No, I do. Oh, come on, call her. Hey, listen up. Okay, I'll give you a clue and you'll get it, okay? Ready? Hello? Yeah. Hello, Neil? Okay, now have you got it. No. You still don't know. I have no idea who it is. Are you kidding me, of course? Yeah, give you a clue. You're... I'll give you another clue because I'm sure we're boring. You're... you're many listeners, all set seven of them? Hello? I'm going to hang up on you if you're going to do that to me. I'm going to... I'm going to... I'm going to hang up on you if you're going to do that to me. I'm going to... I'm going to hang up on you if you're going to do that to me. If you don't, I'm very ashamed. Because you... no, I'm not trying to embarrass you. Oh, my God, I don't believe this. There you go. Oh, I hope Neil isn't listening. No, he's not listening. He's in... where's he at? He's... he's... he's... Oh, my God. He doesn't know how I'm reformed. See, that's the whole thing I called him up yesterday and he was totally out of it. Did he hang up on you? No, he didn't hang up on me. I said, what am I coming to visit? So, that plant to visit him, whether he likes to do that. Oh, my God. How do I get the QAM to say hello before I leave? Where are you going? I'll leave him at 12, so September. Well, we can't have any visitor. We're going to set up for visitors till after the 13th. Ah, it's funny. That's a good one. How do I sound? You sound wonderful in the music, because you're in better. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Isn't this weird? Don't give your name. No, I don't. Please don't. I wouldn't. I wouldn't even attempt to, I'm back up. Well, Latchon, try. Are you going to combine? See me someday? Yes, I want to do that. I want to have a chance because I haven't. How long have I been, been, uh, been using your show for? Yeah. Yes, and you. Why, the unbelievable. Yes, and yes, ever since you were, uh, all over the country. Did you get, did you get on the show? Yeah, but it took too long, too long. And what did he do? Hang up on you? No, he didn't hang up on me. It says hello, Neil. I want you to. Did he recognize your voice? Yes, after, after, well, it's, I started out like monotonous. It says hello, Neil. It says how are you? And he says, well, by the time of this course, getting kind of boring, I go to the world, because you don't know. You don't recognize the voice. He says, oh, it sounds like somebody from Kendall. Oh, I said, right. It says, when can I visit? And he says, never. Ha ha ha ha. I said, why not? And he goes, the voice is changed. He doesn't have to make a new operation. Yeah, that's right. That's what I was going to say then. No, you want to say that? No, he's already said it. I don't want to write on his coat, too. All right, let's, like, run, call me now, okay? I will. Okay, there he goes. Mystery caller. Well, projectors, here's that. I'm going to be in so much trouble. But he put him on the ear. What the hell? Um, Chris. Okay, you're on WQAM. Chris. Yes, come on, Bill. QAM welcomes you with open arms. Oh, well, that's so nice of you, huh? Well, we, we'll go a step further as a matter of fact, um, wait, I have to cough here. Okay. Oh, what a nice play. Okay. Let's have a go. What time you going to be at, um, uh, base I talked? From a guy who has been booked to sing a old promise me in Lithuanian at Larry King's wedding. A guy called us from West Palm Beach. His name is Larry Barrenoff. Well, hokey football. That was an incredible call. I wish everybody could have heard it. But listen, you can't turn. You just have to go with what you have, right? Okay. Now Bob Horne is just standing by. Now I'm, you know, I'm putting this stuff in. I'm taking my life in my hands. I'm putting this in a machine without having heard it. The first wire, the first wire. So, okay, 1007 at WOD. Yeah, the bird is really making noise. I'd say that he got a couple of calls at home. Yes, they couple of frantic calls with some more bird spottings and sightings. And, um, what can I say? What can I tell you? Anyway, Alex Bennett is going to be here next week to do this. You, I have no idea who that is. Everybody else in a business seems to know who that is. Okay. So it must be very famous and really great. And he got fired at KITS in San Francisco. And it says, uh, he's setting the parts here from KITS is caused quite a stir in a market, etc, etc. Hmm. So he's going to be here next week with the bird. I understand. And then, of course, so when I come back, the following week, then we'll take care of that problem. Okay. Hey, it's 1007 at WOD. A Michael Putney of Channel 4. We certainly want to waste a good luck too. Heidi overpaid, a great guy, but evidently very much overpaid. Let's see. Can you give any numbers in here? Well, Steve will probably come on and tell you how much Michael is going to make. I'd like to talk about how much people in the business are making. But Michael Putney is going to Channel 10. And it's kind of like, it's kind of like what they do over at W News. I'm not trying to relate to talent because that would be a shot at Michael. But I'm just talking to these revolving shares that they've got in the market. How, you know, one day, one guy's one station and one anchor woman is another. And they just keep revolving around and around like a deck of cards. You know, so Michael's going over to what being anchor, I guess. It's Channel 10 in February. No, I see this is only August still. He's going there in February. I wonder what that means. He's still going to be on four between now and then. And every time you look on there, you're going to think you're watching Channel 10. I heard all about Larry Barron office morning on the bill called or show. And I was just driving off the road. Nobody understands what that means except me. So I'm glad that the bill has got somebody in the audience who's understanding is some of that bizarre humor that was just about when I also heard a call on that show this morning. You know, it takes more than just changing your voice. Okay. There's a little message to one of our friends in Kendall who called here yesterday. And his back briefly, we hope it takes more than just changing your voice to show, and you know, sending a majority. One of the things that certainly would help would be kind of diminishing your obsession with radio. And with radio personalities and with being a groupie and call. I mean, I was such a boring call this morning that I can hear it. It was almost as bad as Bob Martin. Okay. Same genre, I think. But what can I say? Okay. Now I'm going to say after 10. We're here to kill four hours before I go on vacation again. And then Steve has got open phones this afternoon. And we have, oh, I didn't even realize we got the game tonight. This is really bizarre. I didn't even realize that we must not have done a great job of promoting it this week. Because I didn't know about that. That's a definite press at six. And the special multi hour NFL Indigenous Sports Talk following the game. The dolphins at the Redskins with kickoff at 8 o'clock. Yes. Hello. Um. Hi. I want to look. Oh, man. Sometimes you really want television. Um. Yes. I'm on my way to the track. So I just, you're on your way to the track. Yeah. So I just, um, thought it stopped by and chat for a moment. Well, it's sure nice seeing you. Well, yeah, I bet. Uh, there's a reason. Alex Bennett's going to be your next week to work with you. Yes, I know. But that's not what I came by to talk about. Oh, look, I do a break now first. Of course. I'm sure this is going to take three of these times. Yes. Great. This is called the All-Bye portion of the show. I've got to be very exciting. Yes. And I've been really getting just all these emergency calls at the house. Me too. Even Capri decol from out of town yesterday from Seattle again. And I said, Hey, I'm on the other line with an important call. Although he's threatened to call here today. I'm not threatened, but he promised to call on the bat line. I have no idea what he wants. Oh, good. I have something to tell him. Well, it may not be why you're here if you have to go to the track. Anyway, so 11 past 10 boy, what a, what a great surprise. Boy, this ought to be the beginning of a really swell day. Okay, let's take that first break Roger when we come back at all to start really heating up to my, trying to raise these people to tell you what we were talking about. Well, they said, yeah, they told me one thing. Now, who were these people? Anybody? Well, no. Good friend of yours called on to show the other day. Well, who is that? Just a minute. I want to get the card out. Oh, yes. I know about this. I was told about this too during the video. Yeah. Boy, those yentas really were up to unbelievable. I really, really thought it was talking. Yeah, people are really talking. I don't know about what. It's I don't understand what I have done. Uh-huh. And I would like to address the issues. I notice nothing has changed. You still can't find inner carts. I'll find it. All right. You're really searching. Trust me. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And to say, okay. All right. Here we go. Hi. It really is Irene Richards. Hmm. One of the legends in the market. That's correct. How they said that one of your complaints, maybe the biggest complaint. This is what the main thrust of what they finally told me was that I did not attend the remote on Wednesday. This is the... Well, I probably, because this was the week that you were going to be gone and you had made the specific plan. Remember that? Yes. They have a plan. If you used the usual to do that. No excuse. This is my big deal. Well, yeah. This is a very nice book. I know Mark always booked up for a heavily this time of the year. That this week, what do you time? This is the week they told me to go on vacation. They told you, oh, no, wait a minute. Boy, it's no, no way. They can shovel, please. No. I have said, so if you had to go on vacation this week, let me clarify. This boy Gary was just a smoking at the years. About what? About what? About the fact that you first of all, when we went to Chicago, you gave a lot of crap about that. And then this week, when we had that big thing at the bizarre where we had a great turnout, even without you, it was shocking. We had a great turnout and you pulled the same trick again. I just want to give you advanced notice on the 13th to September. Listen, we're doing a... I should say I'm doing a remote at specs in North Miami at 124th in Biscayne, which is only up the road away. No problem. Over in fact, it's not far from Arnold. I'm no problem. That's in Miami. Let me say this. I said this is North Miami. I said this over and over and over and I'm going to continue to say it until it finally... I guess registered. I said this to them. And then what? We had all these sightings, these bird sightings coming in. I've been in and out of town. Jimmie's. Yeah. I've been in and out of town. Magic 102.7. Fizzed it some friend. And on Tuesday, no less. Power 96, I think it was. We stopped by to have dinner with a friend of mine. Is that okay? Well, I guess. While I was sitting with other people in that remote, all by myself, with Johnny Darkt's filling his fat face on one side. In that rich filling his even fatter face. Let me say this again. I've said this on and off here. I'm going to say it again. In March, Bill Wise pushed and pushed and pushed me to get my vacation weeks to register them with Yolanda. Remember her? In March, I've been for Yolanda. Yeah. You know, I've been for that couple of years now so that boy Giri could bring you his body. In March, in also where I have to. I have to be a memo. Two weeks. Which could have been one that I can. History of Broadcast. Yes. Really tacky. In March, I picked two weeks out of a hat. Two of my three vacations, thanks in part to the sales department and also thanks in part to the lawyers and the courts and all this ongoing insanity with the friend. I changed two of the three weeks. My week stayed. The weeks I picked and marched stayed. Now the first week. So in other words, you can't change. Is that what you're saying? Don't say that. There was no reason to stop it. I mean, if you can't change. No one asked me to change. They didn't ask you about going to Chicago. No. Well, he told me about the remote. The birds alire. I went home. I checked the dates. I went back and I said, I'm going to be with a conification. They said fine. Now that Chicago remote was decided the date on while you were in Europe. I picked this week and marched. Now this week, they said they came to me and they said we have a remote. August, whatever it was. I went home. I checked when I ate. Yes. Twenty-third. I went home. I should have bought the paper. Did you were over at magic? Shmoosing around with Joe Johnson? No. It was not that day. It was a day before I was at magic. Oh, the day went to power 96. Same day. Shmoosing around. Two some radio enters over there. I stopped by to visit some friends. I thought it was okay. I thought it was a little bit in this station. You were on another station. Which even made it like that. Now working. Rubbing salt into the wall. No, it was something. It was my vacation. Late too. I wasn't working. It was my vacation. Finally. Now you told me something in June. And if you rack your memory, you may remember you told me the birds of the liar that when I go on vacation. I should go and I should forget about work and I should have a wonderful time and I shouldn't worry about anything. So that's what I did this week. I went. I had a wonderful time. I totally forgot about WIOD, which is what you told me to do. I did not even realize it was Wednesday. If you wanted to know the truth. I did not think anything about work. You didn't realize what was Wednesday. I didn't even realize it was Wednesday. Or there was any room. I didn't think about this place. I did not listen to the show. I've been out of touch. I did what you told me to do. I went on my vacation. And now, because I do what you do. I hear that you're on the air saying horrible things about it. No, not horrible things. True things. What? What? You know, horrible things. True things. What? What do things that you signed this again? Well, we desperately needed you to be there. Well, we have a heart of the show. You signed this and shows, rather. I mean, if you had been over in Marco and joined the sunshine and relaxing and being oblivious to what's going on anybody could understand that. Anybody could relate to that. I did not think. But being here, like within a stone's throw. I was in Kendall's. I was in Kendall's. I was in Kendall. I'm going to go. Oh, I'm going to go to Fort Lauderdale and work. On my vacation week. Do you do that kind of thing on your vacation week? Well, but sometimes, for example, the reason I didn't take two weeks to go off was because of the litigation that's going on to go to court. The reason I didn't take this week off was because we had the remote. No, the bizarre. Nobody said anything to me about it. Let me say it again. I could I have taken this week off. Well, we had a remote that we had signed up weeks and weeks ago. Could we have done that? We? Could I have done that? Sure, show. So I could just shine those nice people over there at the bizarre. We had a great turnout. The people who run a place are great and little Tommy Deniburt. We sure wouldn't want to ruffle his feathers. Isn't the copy say you're going to do your show from the bizarre and it's said not one word about me. Not one word or a horse because you'd already planned this in city as act in sub-ordination. There's a atrocity of in sub-ordination. Yeah. Well, I want to talk more about it. Well, after we talked about Toyota of Hollywood, where he also was in sub-ordination. That was really many of the people in our wonderful, proud, large-time, kind of sub-human. Kind of the same way he treated Jim Scholar, who used to be at Hot One O5. You're now your right about that. You're right about that. And see two summers ago. And that's correct. And the signs, just turning his back and treating him just like some kind of sewer rat. But anyway, one thing about the bird, at least he's consistent. They may not be good, but he's consistent. And they're consistent at Toyota of Hollywood and giving you the best deals in town. And this weekend, be a good time for you to get your little fanty over there and check out the incredibly low prices on those beautiful new 89 Toyota's. You know that every dealer in the country right now is telling folks and honestly, in fact some of the dealers, it's the first on the thing they've said for years. But with Toyota of Hollywood, they don't play those kind of games. But the bottom line is they all have to move out the 89's that they have on the lot to make room for the 1990's that are coming in just a matter of week. So you're going to find prices last. You'll find the same great service and the same great folks to do business with and right across the street. Of course, over on the west side of 441, you'll find a tremendous selection of really great recondition use cars too. It's all waiting for you at Toyota of Hollywood, the sound thing. Number one Toyota dealer and you'll find them at 1841 or state road 7 in Hollywood. What is this from? Is this from the, oh it's from the Sun Sentinel, it's somebody just thanks to us. Oh look at this, here's another great fact. It says that donut guy is not one person but two. David, ex manager of the bird road, donut store and Tom fired from the Tammy Amy Trail store. Did you know that blank says, going out, I'm not going to mention your name. I'm not a business a few months now. They've been out of business. Huh. Fascinating. It's said, so did two other places that were owned by the same company. David is from Iowa and Tom from Miami and if they didn't spend all day trying to call you, their stores might still be in business. Anyway, they're both loose bags. Tom once called the Steve Ponsho and said, oh geez, I'm not going to repeat that. The donut stores are auctioned off today by a company pointed by the court. Isn't that fascinating? No, I know why we never didn't say, Rich, though one time go into that donut plane and saw the guy calling. Remember? And how long does it say that they've been out of business for a few months? Yeah, so I guess, like, that's possible. Sure. The other thing is a, uh, one add a personal from the Sun Sentinel. This is incredible. It doesn't have any names. Broadcasting male executive divorced 65 45. I think that says, or six college graduate, excellent above average income likes rainy nights, beautiful sunsets, travel, kids, dogs, Disney World, etkot, long weekends in San Francisco, late night talks, jazz, old movies, new ideas, museums, zoos, and cheers. Something I can't, uh, family activities and much more would like to meet a young woman 30 to 40 who was sincere kind on his genuine entirety of being alone. Children welcome. If you're interested in meeting a down-to-worth man with big shoulders to lean on during good times in bed, and you'd like to be cherished, loved, pampered, and spoiled, we should chat sometimes soon. Please, no drugs, heavy alcohol use to those with emotional baggage from previous relationships, replies to box, et cetera. Think it's someone who we know? I don't know. Well, I hope six, five sounds like a monster in the business. Oh, my God, speaking of a monster in the business isn't this an incredible coincidence on the bat line from Seattle, Washington, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning. Yes, sir. Are you there afternoon over there? Wow, it's funny you should call right at this moment because we have a surprise visitor in the studio came into a visitor's on the last day of his vacation this week on his way to the track. It's too bad. Well, somebody that, uh, you know and love. Uh, the good friend of Irene Richard. George, please. The second yet he proved. I had some careful not at all. No. A good friend of Irene Richard. Yeah, well, I've just been a little sarcastic. Oh, glam? Yeah. Ah. Ha ha ha. He came in today to defend himself against the latest accusation yours also. One of yours too. Mm-hmm. Well, this ought to be great. Well, I was just sitting here just trying to kill four hours. Little did I realize that we were going to have this kind of level of intensity today. This is great. It is intense. I'm confused. You might even have to skip our exactity and just stay here. No, no. Thank you on for the whole four hours. Oh, what's left of it? Well, we'll go over to Cancho. But that could be. Um, Uncle Neil told me. Related to me, uh, a tie-raid you threw against me. That was a wire. That was a wire. That's a wire. That's a wire. About me? I'm the tie-raid. That's what he said. That you tore into the yacht. Start backing off here. I'm not. I'm trying to remember what you're talking about. What the hell is pissing you because you're telling people like that's fired? And I raped little children? No. Well, he didn't say you got fired. Oh, he did. Oh, he did. David, I have never, to my knowledge, said anything negative concerning you that I know of. Oh, that's it. That an architect, right now. That's going to lie. I mean, that's incredible. Well, I know. You said, why didn't that chair over there? What? Why don't you dare to sit into the. And said, what? Rip this man and ask the likes of a guy. How about a lie? I don't just a lot of garbage. No, I have not. Oh, trust me. When he was on that morning show at that unmechanical station. Uh, about stealing ideas and, oh, just on. Oh, didn't we ever resolve that? Doing those talk ups that Johnny Darka invented the idea. Ah, come on. Let's cut the crap. But let's have a little bit of honesty here. At least for a moment. Yeah, really. I'm an honest person. I don't lie. Fabric said that the birds are liar. I was saying you were actually lying just that you could. You could somewhat a lot of misinformation. In other words, it's like the old thing about if you say something often and if you start to believe it. No, right? That's the, yeah, that's definitely your own BS. That's true. Yeah. Well, no. I don't know what it is. It's just that it's not a matter of lying. It's just that you say something and then you start to believe it's true. And also the birds on the air. The pulse of you just can't control himself, I think. I mean, the bottom line is too chairs. Exactly. A hundred years from now nobody will give a damn, right? Well, I mean, the fact that he was in town. He was supposed to be at Marko Island on vacation this week. He left me to do a remote at the bizarre up and for a lot of days. All by myself on Wednesday, which somehow I managed to squeak through. And meantime, he was in town here, smoozing around with his buddies over at magic. I was on vacation. I was on vacation making a tour of the local radio station. No, I visited a couple of the, you know, the people I visited a couple of people. Maybe a lot of Bama and a visit broadcasting studios. You know, no, I had to talk about a disease. I had to take, I had to take Joe Johnson a video tape. Oh boy. And Rick Peters was there and Yelton was there. What is that saying? It says, pluck the bird. Anyway, I thought it was a, a radio answer. I thought it was a loud alarm. I thought it was a loud alarm vacation when I had some time to it, because I was in and out of town. I wasn't in Marko as long as I'd play into being. I thought it was allowable to visit some friends when I had some time. It's of course not. It's not when you're in radio. And I did not think I had to go to work while I was on vacation. This is my big crime day. Now, there's the fact that you're calling from Seattle, boat well. Does this mean that you're working? Oh, yes. Oh, thank, because I never heard from you again. I was at home a few nights ago. I was actually what happened just a minute now. I was here in the daytime in Nicky of the, and the message that the manager of this station in Seattle had called and said if Capriita calls you, meaning me, give him this message. And just by coincidence, like some kind of a psychic vibration, that night I was watching the cubs game or something, and the low and behold, here's Capriita on the phone. And I gave him the message, sounded depressed. He was hundreds of miles in the middle of nowhere. Driving around aimlessly in the middle of the night, wondering what the hell was life was going to be. And what was the middle of the night? It was afternoon and Oregon. Well, like I said, I can lie with the best of them too. Anyway, It's so weird to hear you guys in the radio. Doesn't it sound better though? You drive it around the middle of the night. It's raining and you're windshield wipers are broken. And you don't know whether it is screamery to banana and all of you. Get this message for me and you call the guy and he gave you the job. Right? It was real crazy. I must admit that I intentionally left pretty quickly. And what was that? That's my traffic person. Oh, you're, are you on the air? Yeah, 730 here. But you're not on the air. Are you on the air? Yeah, I'm on the air. I got to put you on hold for a second here. Well, we gotta do a break. Okay. We're ready too. Hold on. Okay. Hold on. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I see he won't put us on the air. Hmm, they're not ready for this show and see you. Hmm. Okay. We have an open line in Palm Beach. I have no idea why I'm seeing that because we're never going to get you on the air. But I wanted to look good for our visitor in the studio. 655, WIOD, and we'll come right back. Okay, it's a 1038 at WID is a celebrity caller back. He's not back. It's he on the air really to think. Or is he just probably calling in a phone booth and he's got a couple of friends standing outside and making gutter will sounds and making sounds of a helicopter for the traffic or trying to make it sound like he's working again. Anyway, Caprido, be back on a line any second. We want to remind you of course so you don't want to forget about that ball game that I geez, that wasn't even aware. We know that the bird will be listening. Huh, hanging on every word. The dolphins had washing in. Oh, and the boy, my glad I'm not going to be here next week. So I don't have to listen to all the, uh, uh, fetching and carrying on. Okay, it's just an exhibition game, all right? Oh, good. So actually the Redskinscore, their fourth or fifth touchdown in the first quarter. I don't want you to start getting all up sentence. It's just, uh, just stick right with it. Okay, just hanging there and be a real fan. As only people in this town can do. Well, I don't know if he's ever coming back. Well, these dishes, we had a, um, a secret. Oh, there he is. So what's going on? I heard him breathing on the other end of the phone, which is a good sign. Now are you really on the air? Yeah. What are you doing? You playing music? Yeah, it's kind of like, um, the waves, the breeze, the wind, whatever they call themselves now. The breeze, you know, like, what's the station down there that does? The stiff breeze. Yeah, mostly stiff. They were the breeze and they were the wave now. Yeah. Now they're the, uh, might white tornado. The hurricane. And the one that Jim Kelly works on. Oh, is he over there? Yeah. Did you stop by and see him? No. Oh, well, today would be a good day to stop by and see Jim Kelly. See if he's still wearing that leather jacket. And motorcycle jacket. Well, that's not what the fact from Amsterdam. Got her to bunch of talk radio driving out here and up through California. How better was great. I heard maybe one or two that was listenable on the rest was just, it just reminds me how we used to make fun of the people that talked about, you know, um, uh, what's the matter with your train or plumbing or, you know, really pertinent topics like that? Yeah, or like the Megreenshow. Yeah. But, um, KGO and San Francisco sounded good. They had a couple of guys that sounded pretty good. Well, they don't. You shouldn't. I've heard KGO and San Francisco, uh, Owen Span and all those other really boring guys. They don't say too much. They're not pretty exciting. Well, that was the point I was getting at, is that the sound good, but they don't say anything. I just can't. I mean, you living in Miami. It seems like a big city like San Francisco with really, uh, could really use a talk show. I don't want anything to do with San Francisco. It's a stress thing, uh, a grotesque weather is awful. It's cold as hell. Kind of like Seattle. Oh, it's beautiful here. It rains every day and it's really cold and it never gets over 65. I don't go for that kind of stuff when it's under. I get up about five and it's kind of foggy and about 50 something. And then by the afternoon, it's beautiful over here. And 62. It's a little bit about 72. 72, holy Toledo. Yes, it's a key. You have a heatwave in Seattle. I've never been in Seattle, but everybody says it's a great place. Of course they said the same thing about this place too. And I guess that by the way, I have the September money magazine out today. I was going, hold on, hold on. I'll show some time with this. Well, we can, we can't hold on. You can hold on, but we have a show to do here. Okay, Capriita. Seattle's number one. Amazing. One. Yeah, I was right there. I brought this out. This is the top 300 places to live compared with last year. Yeah. By there's number one, this is the readers of money magazine. Number one is Seattle. Last year, number 11. And Danbury Connecticut last year was number one. This year drops number two. And wouldn't you know it? San Francisco last year was number five in this way up to number three on the hit parade. So I guess that tells what kind of people they talked to for the survey. What would now? So this is the survey in Money magazine. And it's got Seattle listed as the number one place to live in a country. This is the survey of their readers. It's supposed to be the best place to have a hard attack. Up from number 11 last year, number one on the hit parade with a bullet. They got like about a dozen Northwest cities on that list. Miami is number 75 down, or up from 111 last year, right behind Rochester New York is a matter of fact. I thought up. The other day, I was really getting home sick thinking about everybody and about my amy, how much I missed it. And then I did this news break. And the first story was about that, about Seattle being number one. And the last story was about South Florida being the number one place where toilets break down. And all of a sudden things started falling into perspective and I thought a little better. Number 187 is West Palm Beach. Well number 120 is Fort Walton Beach. I'm looking for Fort Lauderdale. I had the thing on her yesterday, but it's way down the list. Fort Walton's world is fat people live. Yeah. No, that's Tamarack. There's Dick Gregory and no, there's fat people live there. Dick Gregory? Yeah, the guy who he's making the comedian who helps people lose weight. Oh, I thought you meant he was fat. He weighs about 40 pounds. Raidenton is 172. And we're the hellest for Lauderdale. I know it's on here somewhere, but it's way way way way down the list. 286 is Poccipsy New York. Wow. And 289 is Jackson, Michigan. And there's some place near Detroit is the last one. No, Detroit did very well this time. 47 up from 71. So I know this is full of baloney. No, the very last one. Number 300 is a city that's near Detroit. Oh, the last one. Oh, Benton Harbor. No, that's on a West Coast. Michigan. That's way across. Yeah, that's a horrible place. Everybody's going to work. It's like a city that's out of business. It is. But anyway, enough of this small talk. Let's get back to the real purpose of this call. And let's get right back to the nitty gritty. Okay. Well, I'm looking out this window. This is great. It gets kind of foggy in the morning. I'm overlooking the Puget Sound away off in the distance in the missedities mountains. And then it clears up and it's really beautiful here in the afternoon. Uh-huh. Great. But I did get kind of home-sick and over this work. You know, you don't get homesick for the kernel. And for that in sippin morning show, you know, that nobody's even talking about that station anymore. They don't even rip it anymore. That's how obscure it is now. Nobody even remembers that it's on the air. Uh-huh. Just give them a break. The kernel is a great, uh, I'd like to work with you. Oh, man. Okay. You try to get into the same league with the bird now. Is that it? What is that? What is it? Oh, I see. Yeah. We'll draw you a map. So is there any apparting words that you want for your friend here? Uh, no. Just a party back in town in a few weeks. I've still got all my stuff here in my pussy cat. It's still down there. Magic. Yeah. Magic still down there. Seems like you've mellowed against me, Dave, which is good. I don't think so. I think he hates you with a pass. I don't think he's going to put on a good hand. I just don't understand you sometimes. Some of the things that you've seen. Some of the things that you've seen. This is a low shot. Some of the sheep shots and a vicious subbehavior. You know, I don't have any animosity to record. I just think that some of that, you know, it's funny you should say that. Could somebody called yesterday when he wasn't here and said the same thing. Hi, it really is. I read your. Is it an incredible? Sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. You're really sorry. You weren't here to chat with her for a while. I'm sorry. I want to play that on the radio. Yeah. I'll be happy to send you your own copy when I come back from vacation. We can't connect. Okay. Well, I'll see you guys hopefully in a few weeks, man. You'll see us. I'm going to be down there for a few days. Really? And you're going to come in here on the show? Well, the car needs to be stills and has. The show is going to be there. Wouldn't that be something, boy? If Captain Dave came in on the show live in the studio and will feed him like old times, boy, don't you? I'm Mr. Stold at suit. Yeah. Yeah. You missed a food in his us. We know what it's all about here. Great. Okay. Say hi to all our pals up there in Seattle and all those have been marked with radio people. And. I'm just going to tell you what I forgot. Well, it had to be ready. You'll probably write us on a letter. You know, on a post-cran. Mother's said it must have been alive. If I forgot. That's correct. And don't forget to close the birds of the liar. Okay. We'll talk to you soon. Okay. But isn't that something? Dave Caprita. On the bat line to expose you for the doos bag that we all know you are. What are you talking about? You realize that I could kill the entire show after you go to the track. Look at that 285 Lima O'Hio down from 284 last year. Melbourne, Florida. From 247 all the way to 236. How do you like that? I want to see this. I don't. Solve my dog. That's cute. I'll sold me my dog. Okay. I thought she was and all call from Captain Jimmy's. You think we ought to call him on the ear? Why not? Okay. Let's do our last break of the hour for Nutri system here. And then when we come back, we're going to talk to the people of Captain Jimmy's. And get it right from the horses. I have nothing to do. Were you in there this week? Yeah. Anyway, you got to do some thought about Nutri system like so many people. What was that? Did you hear that? You hear what? No. I was. Anyway, Becky has lost 20, you know, Becky. She lost 20 pounds already on Nutri system. It's just amazing that this building, which when we came to work here was like leaning like the tower of pizza from all the weight and it was about ready to tilt. And now it's kind of leveled off a little bit because there's so many people have lost so much weights. Honey, herses down 30 pounds on Nutri system. And fat rich believe it or not is over the 70 pound mark. He looks like a shadow of his former selves. And you can do it too. It's good news. You better do it today because this is the last day today to take advantage of the unheard of discount that they're offering a new to system this week. Only 50% off on your new Nutri system program. But you got to do it now because once the beginning of next week comes, it's going to be back to the regular price. So column right now and start shedding those disgusting unwanted, gross, test ugly pounds of flab and flim and garbage. Okay. Call 1-800-344-thin. You call Nutri system right now. 1-800-344-thin. You know, I really can't find four-lutter nail on this list. It's got 300 cities. Wouldn't that be embarrassing? Start at the bottom. Look at that. The bottom three are all in Michigan. Benton Harbor Flint and Jackson Michigan. And battle creek is 295. So of the last six cities for them. Our in Michigan, you'll ever guess what number 294 is. Atlantic City. Wow. A horrendous place. And I told me, oh man, what a toilet that it all means. I don't buy this, though. Boy, Elvis, would Elvis be upset if he saw this. Number 275 down 30 points from last year. Calamazoo. There, Nutri, Calamazoo's great town. Okay, let's give this a try now. Just a second. Fine. All right. Say, oh wait a minute. I have to dial one on date. I'm down at County. It's pretty exciting. I try to forget that. I'm in date County when I come to work every day. It's a 1051 at Wild. We're going to get to the bottom of this mystery. If it kills us. Yeah, what a mess. I keep their place. A Neil Rockies at Wild. We're on the air. Sure. There you go. I'm just a sub here. I'm not quoting my source on this because it could create a lot of problems. I know, but somebody was told not to say anything about it. Really? Somebody, you know, let the reveal count out of the bag. Okay. Now is this a crime, Keith? This is a crime? Right. Right. It's not just a topic. Let's not start with all of this, you know, butlicking here. Let's try to get to the bottom of the sun. In other words, well, he was supposed to be in Marko Island vacationing. So the only reason why he was leading me in the lurch that that remote on the Wednesday, while Nick was putting all those crank calls on one after the other. You can mark didn't even know he was on vacation. Mark, Mark had less than a show in a few days and he didn't know but was away. Mark? No, he just didn't think anything of it. Right. So, well, yeah, nothing would seem to go far. We sneak into places where people wouldn't realize that he was signing us. Yeah. Shining you. Yeah. Well, let me have. Yeah. Thank you. Easy for you to say. Okay. 10. 55. And Wild. Yeah. I wonder. Well, there seems to have been something said to you by management. That isn't about what about this vacation week. Not true. Well, then what are you talking about? They came to me and they said there's a remote. How long did I say that I don't want to go do that remote alone? I said a dinner burger on Monday and I said it again on Tuesday and I said it in previous weeks. It'll be much better if there's something set up over there so that either you're going to be here or there's somebody there when you because all these people were coming up to the table to sign pictures. Yes. And as I tried to explain it, what do you mean yes? How do you know that? I thought you said you weren't listening. I wasn't listening. Oh. Well, anyway, I'll leave you. Oh, okay. That's good. All these people were coming up for me to sign pictures. And then the jingle would play and the break would end. We come back on the air and all of a sudden they all hit emergencies and they all had to go home. So I'm writing. Good luck. Time yonkel best wishes near Rajas and all these other stupid messages. And there's like, roles. And of course, your friend Johnny Dark who was sitting there in front of a microphone for Tending that he was in who would, Jonzy for your job. He wasn't adding anything. All he was doing was filling his fat face every time I turned my head. He was eating pizza, which I never even got to taste the pizza. And he was eating hot dogs and cookies and everything that was in sight. And then the food court there at the bizarre. Okay. I understand. I mean, I do want you to understand that we had a tremendous turn out of the show and find. So they tell me I didn't like all the dead air. I didn't like that part of it. Now it seems. Well, that wasn't your fault. That was Tom Dennembris fault. Because generally speaking, he's a moron. But they never I'm telling him when I came in this morning. He or somebody had a big thing up there on the wall under the clock that said the cubs suck. It was not. It wasn't enough to make you speechless. I was. It was. It was not discussed with me about postponing my vacation, which I probably would have been open to. If it had been brought up to me. How am I supposed to know this? If it was. Well, you have a lot of people who are a lot of a lot of a Vultures out there who are just gathering around for pairing for your demise. I'll tell you that right now. Because I don't know because they hate your guts or something. I don't have any. I don't have any knowledge of this. I've been done anything. Well, you must have done something because you have a lot of people that are just ready to dance on your proverbial grave. Why? I don't know. You'd have to ask fat rate. I mean, you have to ask some of these people who are just apocalyptic with you. Just a little bit tired of your people, you know. Like fat like people, you know. He's upset with you. Everybody's upset with Bill Carter is upset with you. I didn't do anything. Fat rich is upset with you. Like like worse than management, I think. Management of course is upset with you. They think that you're just some kind of a total waste of space. But other than that, everybody's okay. You know, what has seemed at the remote where you talk about the wood of the Nigerian. Sure and things that you ought to be boiled and oil is no question about that. She just walked in there so I made it up. I know. I could have been there to help at the remote. It seems like Alex Bennett boy is just foaming at the mouth. Wait till next week, I'm sure glad I'm not going to be here for that. Do you know who Alex Bennett is? No. I don't either. Everybody else seems to have no idea he just got fired in San Francisco. And he evidently does a real filthy show, which is just exactly what we need. I think so. I don't know what he does. I really don't. I haven't got any idea what he does. He's old. He's about 182. Good. So you can relate to him. Mm-hmm. It seems like I would have been... Or you got a lot of calls here when we come back. Because you have a lot of favorites. You can call in. He's got to bathe on it. So if he wants to call in after the news and see what I would certainly be able to do. See what I've got my life. I don't want to expose his confidentiality at all because he's a good guy. But he's also getting a little carried away. And he's becoming divisive and creating a lot of animosity and hitting the upset and hysterical. Yeah. I think I just saw Fort Lauderdale on the list here somewhere. There is 113 up from 123. So it's not so bad. Henry Barrow is standing by. The great expert on the Dolphins of course. Henry is not going to be permitted to go with the team on the bus or even the shower with the guys after the game. And he's going to tell you why along with the 11 o'clock news. Then we'll come back at 1105. Steve with open phones. And don't forget the Dolphin Express and the Pregame festivities start many many hours before the game. While it's the third day in Holland and in the 514and they go you know From the ins there was an cruise water. Fort was stared on Urséra __Sch was a war demonstration in Zurich Bay. What kind of sport do you need us to test These 10 of you on the first cousin who Menace also had?cuss demekity and burrow in Bali again in our sights. To日 ? Good boys ! While I've got some guests here, we've sent々 together from today. And Hyderan sells. H Fleet Guy. Don't know why we love to move on. studio with you know who and this ought to be quite an out well this is just all developing by accident is not even contrived controversy I don't know why I'm here there's that I don't either I have a good there's no food here there's a little breakfast that was left over from public from renewing show which is delicious by the way some cold cuts in the potato salad macaroni salad you're here to answer anyway there's a thing in the political people in the here all this morning on page to be about yesterday's a Steve had Xavier court taught a debating a Gerald Richmond and anyway it says a second would be surrogate for Ross Layton and date Republican committee man Richard ciderman never gotten near the microphone before court taught a ride ciderman listened intently to Richmond solo interview with host Steve Kane in case something is said that is totally erroneous in the building this is he was here in the building Mr. ciderman okay ciderman state put despite repeated demands from WI's I of the executive producer Sharon Mahoney that he leave the premises she finally pleaded to several people in a hallway someone helped me get rid of ciderman please after a tense confrontation before reporters ciderman finally left he wasn't pleased and by the way Sharon don't call me again he growled on route to the exit what a douchebag okay comes in here a point himself as the monitor of that debate and of Steve show yesterday this is Steve's good ex-friend okay who comes in here is no business in this building who is a just piece of mong and the ciderman stay out of this building okay all right that takes care of that piece of business now let's get right out of the nitty gritty of this show I guess Glenn wants to know why I hate him some I'm curious I don't it doesn't hate but is very up I have a clue you know during the day there was a guy who called in Neil if you recall and asking about Glenn's car about what color you know the color right ever and I think that may have been the guy oh that was the bubbles guy was that who it was the bubbles that we're hanging out with bubbles over it to hell and they'll boy people are talking I've been on the case excited you know you've been everywhere I've been with friends but I watch you're direct gonna start following you around to you know I haven't done anything could you imagine what to be like if I had done all this I think the bone-to-contention is that it was under the impression that the you know that you were gonna be away and I plan to be things change this is real life there's no script things change for personal reasons I was back early and it was just a coincidence that both times that you're away were for the last two remotes no kidding and I think this is your fault now I think about it you mentioned earlier that I picked these weeks you know by the way I have some incredible affidavits here I just mentioned in passing it turns out that the a week ago today we went hearing in court and a lot of people thought that was the end of this whole business with Jack Thompson which it certainly unfortunately wasn't but it was a very narrow thing the judge was ruling on to keep him away from me and away from this building while I'm here and et cetera because there was a psychologist who testified as many of us also believe that the Mr. Thompson could be dangerous and represent a threat to a some of us and though we have affidavits from two of the people over here channel seven next door they don't want him here either on a property and he has no legitimate business over there in fact that after our hearing last week the people of channel seven called the judge and said that we're very upset that you made an exception to allow him after three p.m. to come on a property to come over to channel seven because he has no legitimate business here and we don't want him here so I find that fast and I just mentioned that in passing okay now let's get back to the real important matters that have what it's my fault that what that I picked these particular weeks because you mentioned about an hour ago that I picked them you know in conjunction with your vacation you have a see I changed my vacation so you could have also changed yours very easily in other words the fact that I'm going next week you could be on the following week very you're right but no one mentioned anything to me about that and logical thing to do with no one brought it up to me on Wednesday at the bizarre where no is that which you're going to be out the week of September 13th is that you see that was a shot I know that was a shot a real smiling but it was a shot you people are saying very upset you about what you're a piece of just mong I think is the word I could use it now shaking is heading out yes that's my track buddy you guys are going to the track with me today sure now this is tell the audience anything tells me a lot boy I'm telling you you people are so fickle and so wishy washi it just incredible you just can't I don't know what it is boy this is sad this is really sad you're not what don't joke around the audience doesn't know that they think that you're sucking around now by the way can I have some more that roast beef it's delicious and it's been a spoil sitting there on a course rich sure getting here the food is always a dangerous sign are there any more those great little olives I love those little olives with the pomegranate yes there are yeah I didn't ask you to touch them just just kind of explore for them thank you so much now is this anyway it's eleven past eleven this is the whole complaint is this it what we've been dealing with is this my don't know what we come back you'll have to ask him I don't know what else he's upset it you about he's very upset call me at home breathless last night just um excoriating you on the phone well I wouldn't have repeated a this but he shows up here today and we need to get all the testimony out before the audience and they can start it start all fall together now in my mind yeah all slowly becoming clear what's going on is it long glad it is to you it's eleven minutes after eleven at Wiod to a Yoda of Hollywood invites you to come by and check out the great deals on brand new 89 Toyota's like a super a brand new 89 super with leather interior and power seats only 19800 bucks an 89 Toyota Turcell 2-2 or 6790 a Corolla Ford or 8990 a Toyota 2 by 2 truck 7495 a Fordor camera only 10,997 and right on down the line through the MR 2's and the cellocus and all the other great Toyota's you'll find similar savings waiting for you right now in fact if you're not close to Hollywood you can pick up the phone wherever you are and call the Toyota hotline and they'll give you a specific quote right over the phone on the Toyota of your choice 1-800-842-4699 that's the Toyota hotline 1-800-842-4699 at Toyota of Hollywood look for them on 441 just south of Sheridan Street in Hollywood and please tell them that Neo Rogers from Wiod sent you by the 1150 to Wiod and what a way to end the week this is just what I had in mind the roast beef here too I'll look at that for good old-rich boy help us don't want this stuff to go bad we can always come on rich when there are 40 50 pounds of food sitting around getting stale so we're worried well rich was saying as you may recall or may not realize I have a separate Capriita I haven't taken one call we haven't used that time we have to get to the bottom already have all this ridiculous what let's just take one okay um... daynia hey Neo how's it going all right now what do you think of all this so far well don't rip the bird too much you know as far as uh... you know capriita sounded good here and all three of you on the air again you know uh... i don't know why he came in today the bird is still on the k-shan i can come in on Wednesday on his vacation when we had that remote the bizarre yeah i want to be when there's actually no reason from the be here he comes in yes there is a big reason for me yes i want to straighten out when it's been myself i feel like what i feel like as i have been tried and convicted and i haven't had a chance i think there's a fair assessment that's what i feel like on the one straight now it seems with capriita he seemed very melodored me yeah maybe if he does come down here y'all can really get a show where y'all three sitting need it would be like all time i tell you it's he was the only reason i'd listen to zayah but after y'all left and uh... when he left i just can't stand here in the kernel of last one last from him and you know i have to turn to channel quick yeah you know it's not like starting to catch a bird's laugh is good you know i love his laugh but oh god the kernels i start pulling my hair out but uh uh they've only one thing i have to say for next week when your application is yeah or don't take it raw with no showvenistic shows please he's not going to be doing the show i'm like spent it's going to be doing he's just going to be cacling in the back of that that's good it's going to bring in all those twinkies and do that disgusting embarrassing stuff Alex will do that and uh i wish you had someone good following your show neony i'm going to stop i'm going to know i want that stuff to come on well don't listen to me don't listen i don't want to talk to you was your right hand stand what takes some call i didn't want to talk about Steve all these cheap uh Steve came cheap shot artist i mean granted lot of what they say maybe true but uh enough is enough already god just don't you see that that's that gratuitous crap i don't like that okay they think that i want them to call it in rips Steve anyway we have an open light in pomb it what was said no well don't be uh touching my olive would you please god almighty open light in pombie jit 655 wit is even with all this so going on here today pombie doesn't care isn't that tell you something so can i even though your feathers are in a ringer see a rod you're having great life thank you so can i sum up always a time for a summation i don't know is it whatever you say i've got a lot of time i have three hours and forty two minutes left as you do so in my mind what my atrocity against this show is no no the way i see it my my crime we don't care how you see it i noticed yeah i detected that yesterday's what i hear that you don't care what i saw my crime is that i didn't go to pombie hello is this pombie yeah you want to talk to nil yeah hold on a second are you gonna hold hello you're gonna hold i don't know okay hey listen uh if if we call last week okay the bird was saying that he couldn't change his vacation because he had planted hit to staple had reservation yeah that's correct and he kept on saying well no i'm not going to do a nil i'm not going to do it i can't change can't change i did yes you did i had forgotten that this is a great call circus on my memory is getting very weak in my old age and i've gotten that well correct i do have a table if you'd like to i can't change it i'm not a table of it how do you like that here it let's hear it let's and i bet you just got a table of it too yeah any better govern himself accordingly right that's right okay thank you sir you're a great american and of star witness okay thank you i feel like that and a trouble maker uh it's not true i'd like that rich yeah i could have changed my vacation how i don't want to i don't want to we can tell us you but i'll tell you i was on i forget who i was i guess i was talking to build calter last night and the other line rang it was fat rich and i don't want to say that he was angry with you but there was steam coming through the receiver he was smoking about well you get specific he was smoking about you and about the all these sightings and about the fact that when we really when a push came to show you just a dessert of the ship you deserted a sinking ship how come how come you didn't he was there come to me how come you did was there how come you didn't come he was an on vacation yes he is his matter back how come he's on a permanent vacation with aerosmith how come you didn't come to me to my face and say why don't you you know push you did that on the air the guy just got through calter we went through that and you said i can't change this and i said you're going to let me go to that thing all by myself and you said i've had this plan for months and i have my reservations it's all coming back to me thanks to that last the pain and he asked caler now i remember that i do remember that very briefly one time that was mentioned but no one had ever come to me now it's me no one had asked me anything common sense would dictate not necessarily part of the show you don't just shine when there's a special thing coming up that you would have gotten paid extra for speaking to getting paid extra for by the way where is a Tommy Denhamburg is Denhamburg in the building well i forgot about that where's my checked in and burgo okay well forgot all about this you may either you need let off the hook i got mine did you get paid Johnny dark out his check right there on his body well now this this could be why it came in just like on Perry Mason and yes well the trial of that there's a little sidebar that comes in yes is this just dawned on me because i was gonna say you would have gotten paid extra for just like i did and now it dawned on me i didn't get paid anything that you see why i'm here that's supposed to be part of these deals is supposed to be big bucks when the big celebrities go out on the road man's supposed to be some serious serious dollars and it's just an unalmy man i've just like Steve when i go out and do these things i want that check now oh look at that i wanted right now because i'm broke man i haven't got tunical stirrup together like Steve you know that seems to be next year in tempered behavior that seems to be the number one on a hit parade question everybody is asking now because Steve keeps coming on here and um flaunting the audience well Denhamburg's on a road but he's got a phone in his car and he knows the bad line he knew it enough to call him to be a pest on the lightning round he can call in now okay on the bad line but uh where's Steve's money all going why's he always broke and why does he owe nick money and bill mullin and Sharon that's an inquiries the guy that washes the cars out here and Spencer how come it what is that all about i mean it's his business obviously but when he chooses to come on the air and uh beat his breast about how much money he's making and he does make a lot and he does make a use a far too much for him um one has to wonder and everybody is talking about that now that's like the mystery oh so you're you fall in number two excellent well this is good news you know in every city you'll find a restaurant that cat drivers and hotel deskslurs recommend to out of counters in fact you'll find five of them in Sanfala or they're called shells where they're dedicated to serving only the very best seafood available everything is cooked to order i mean fresh as the fallen snow and you are gonna love shells they never give you anything that's sitting under heat lamps or been getting mungy you know hang it around look at that there's your sporting news now you ought to be very happy so if you want to grate not there he goes again uh wing and stuff around did you see what he just did share and brings you in a sporting news and you go flinging it all over the floor and a childish juvenile in tempered way well oh you know it doesn't it fits in with your behavior with your personality lately i want the audience before they vote i want you to be aware that he just he just flung the sporting news that Sharon so kindly brought in all over in pages are flying and gross good wait box picture who out of my breakfast here so you had this weekend with a whole gang for great seafood tremendous portions doxide prices to any of the five soft lotus shells you can't be doing with a stick they're open every night seven nights a week for dinner beginning at five p.m. and you'll find shells in coconut creeks sunrise open park north by me beach and candle self-floor the cries out take the bird and pluck him it might not be as bad okay twenty seven for eleven at wio d where and somebody i want to thank them for sending me these great bumper stickers they say happiness is a hundred thousand Canadians heading home with a new yorker under each arm these are the best okay thank you so much and we'll slap these in the appropriate spot before the end of the show i bet you're pardon what we were about to say before you were so rudely in a row for Alex Bennett boy he's really going to be up a creek without a paddle working with you next week why ages is he didn't doesn't understand all that's preceded him that's all's like jumping into the fire no kidding jumping into a in a fronno and and did i'm told that they want me on the show a to show him the ropes and be there and and yeah and be there for the kneelies and i go well i think well and why am i not just here alone if i they want me here for the kneelies because they don't trust you only alone and of course now that you brought up this part of the yeah discussion yeah that we've reached this part of the uh... deposition i would like to say publicly that kneel did go to bat for me and did go to management and say that you would prefer me doing the show as it has always been done i would like that known well i would like to know i didn't say as it's always been done i said the last of the alone yeah i thought it had gone if they could keep you under wraps and take all the cards out of here that uh... shouldn't be in here i don't think that's a problem to you well i took them out myself yeah so i don't know what their problem is i want me to give you an example of one if you want just briefly except you now okay i just want you to listen breaker briefly you should get out of these nightclub uh... that's one uh... yeah it is never ever again trust me no one's anything to me but i just said it oh that's from you that's from okay higher up huh it's from well why don't they ever because you're not here you're busy over in magic and power talking all these uh... i was on vacation all this has been the never one well you're never here you're always on vacation yeah i'm always on vacation in fact they were looking all over the building to me just what i told you right now so don't see you didn't get the message they why is everything said behind my back you know why don't you want an answer i have no right there you go who's that so who did you see at power is this something we can discuss on the air yeah no friend of ours how much how many gifts not willy be not willy be that you're in the right area and all friend of ours who let's show you where dalyan uh... could get us who uh... had been yes alien uh... someone who when alien has been with us in the studio at zeta alan closer getting closer you're in the right city bob uh... bingo we want to bring there watch out for your talk by the station bob so jack and get your license plate number okay yes he was he's working there in sales bob is working at uh... power and sale yes and he was i was in the lobby talking to built-in her and bob walked out for the end of the day with a kneel rider squeeze bottle under his arm oh cheese i could somebody any excited when here there i was squeezing his kneel uh... where did i saw it with my old eyes i'll be dancing well i guess it was something to it uh... anyway it's eleven thirty one looking at palm beach line is an embarrassing here we are this could be one of the most consternating shows in the history that i've been on a year here it's intense and they don't do they couldn't care less in palm beach they do want to talk about rick's sight of him getting his hands kicked out here yesterday what would you like sure or those yours those are uh... those are great those are incredible in other words the people of channel seven are just a they're more apoplectic than we are they don't want to make we're near the building well poor patio for their boy that's that's shocking okay is what that is but what goes around comes around so you just keep making it up jack in the uh... cows will come home to roost now cows don't roost well the chickens will come home to roost okay let's say she'll be take a couple of calls you with the audience makes out of all of so far delray they know how you know it okay this is when the reason you're not on by yourself because you're not that entertaining well that is a good point and that's what they told me and i said well now you're nitpicking i think deal you're the greatest man well we know that i know that i'll say we know that it's getting to be the one plant in fact today it reminded me of that jerk that you come on at one thirty or so you know it's a part in there the guy on the start ripping him again will you he's getting all paranoid and secure anything some try to ruin his life and ruin his show and i don't have any uh... i'm afraid to show i know he does not have the worst rated show i'm a station well that's true when go back and get out of your home over and i listen to your whiny little fabley voice i don't need it man i don't need it i don't like it glad you know sir what i don't like you why not i think you're a jerk why i think you're a trouble now so you're good guy to me yeah i am why are you ripping me sir because you're a jerk when you're at don't you know you're whining your you know you're just a a pinhead i can learn well yeah whatever a dream a friend go to the track with a touch what are you doing there today anyway man what are you doing at the station i came in a nation i came in the bug user i came in specifically my friend you succeeded you know you good so i said i don't know what to do i'm going to take care man get out of here what uh you know what thirty three a w i o d pleasant uh call that new york drop from number nineteen last year to number fifty no wonder all the new yorkers are here boy it's dropping like a rock so i dropping a penny from the top of the world trade center anyway pombie just now that must be a broken line huh not sounds like it's working fine to me six five five nine four six three six five five five w i i guess debbies got that pombie chart he is sewn up and she i don't know cheat one he's upset he is really upset the last call or i think was the final straw the straw that broke the birds back but the call it did say he was hung over here yeah well he considered the source sounded fine to me yeah side of like a good guy to me anyway let's uh continue i'm sure that they're going to come to your rescue here because you know that all the aburts suckers are going to get on here real quick now and start the kissing and kissing well i have a pombie show was a well wait a minute let me handle the cello protect the bird he's all right okay see just brief comments from pombie i haven't done any he's not or it's pretty old like he's in my mind i have in my heart i have done anything all right let's take a survey now who'd you rather have in the building rick cider and or the bird my only crimes seems to be that i didn't go to work while i was on vacation that seems to be my big well i like the way you've twisted around i would probably put it in a different way that you took your vacation when we needed you the most no one asked me no one said anything to me you like you know marginally but i was miss so when we go you were meant and it's i was missed and instead of you were missed and we were meant yeah and instead of appreciating me and saying oh well maybe you know he does serve a purpose maybe he does have a no instead of we had a chance to serve a purpose then you shine this nobody asked you're kind of twisting it around you're funny and you're funny and you're funny and you're mind me if somebody i know who listens every day to the show and likes to take the obvious and twisted around to suit his own distorted warped purposes where am i wrong then where am i wrong everywhere what do you think if anyone had asked me to post for my vacation my amy hello yes okay sir this and but i'm glad to come into the finiest off because you had a hard time on monday trying to find trying to run the show he'd be sure and no question about that monday was it a zaster well new mister and his show has been kind of if he since then and then when thing he realized that the show when it didn't go without the bird so bro that's not now that's not a curious show on wednesday went fine but instead of being missed i'm just ripped because i didn't go to work while i was on the course yeah yesterday he ripped you so much but you could tell him is in his the way he was talking that he really missed you and he needed you back for the show so it's good that you came in the day to think yourself and keep it up man like you're doing a good job and uncle neary really missed you okay finally uncle nilly to use uh finally a coherent uh uh uh uh uh for you to say yeah uh eleven thirty six a w i would deal let's do a little quick break here and uh what we got a collar to take first though hello hello now it's time for the break let's sure glad we got that pombie to call it before they had a head out for lunch we'll come back right after this wow eleven thirty nine a w i o d and the mark to dino who used to be a channel six uh news right here in town fact uh mark was involved in our last big fiasco when we had Marlon Bailey and the mimey vice jackets sure a couple of years ago and the mark did get his though he said that some of the piping came off and now it says mimey ice so that's far so mark i would save it for and there could be worth a lot of money someday okay Marlon will buy it back for a buck and a hand but uh sure good to see mark i'll tell you boy he's one of the few people that was ever on here in this town who looked good twenty till noon at w i o d and let's go now we don't want Michael punny to eat up sick his Michael just has this big exciting new chapter of his life that's only gonna happen in what six months or something is it really similar to when i've ever been to send me a favor six months going to ten do you understand that i don't get it is he still gonna be on four and then everybody's gonna know he's gonna be a channel ten that's a little tacky isn't it i guess i didn't read that would have been like being on zeta for six more months off everybody know when we were coming here now it is oh no joke yeah that is pretty heavy duty all the way to stand they would like to have you back sure for waterdale he said and the other end of the line was dead well i guess oh was there somebody there yeah well yes hi i'm just wanted to call and say please leave the bird alone and so to be on vacation that's correct well what's he doing here then and uh well as he said he had to come in to the vending them said no actually i think that you uh you need all years of one that starts on these uh venomous attacks absolutely an end of the mean nasty guy and then if you've done all your dirty work you try to put the blame on others that's correct well you got me you got me with my uh oh sorry rumpens sir and you're a coward and a hypocrite right and it does back on everybody shows you're true correct that's correct but you wouldn't miss the show for all the money and I don't listen to it that often but you don't listen that often but you just happen to have an accident and be listening today right you miserable disgusting lying sack of mong it's eleven forty two at wild we look at that fat rich is getting so worked up now he's eating pull cuts he's chain eating you want after the other boy he's just look at him did you see the way he started with that you got a piece of hand there he's attacking like he was uh invading uh Atlanta or something wow anyway after hearing from that very pleasant lady let's go to hialia hello hello yes sir hi no this is a South Miami it's one South Miami well it says hialia on here it's close enough okay listen I want to take a look at the county I want to catch base uh with y'all a couple things yes sir okay now first of all uh bird yeah i'm gonna be