We have another way to start. It's the 10 to 11 hour. Oh, no. Oh, no. How about those cops, huh? Everybody's feeling a lot better today, even the bird has a look of relief on his face. I think that was an incredible first inning last night. You don't remember? Was it that exciting? Huh? Anyway, what? All downhill for the giant snowman when that fat rush will doesn't even make it through the first inning. You know, they're in big trouble. We have a guest in this studio today, which is just, let's not even get that music coming from the next room. What's your favorite thing? There are really getting excited for the ratings coming out. It must be having a GTR celebration party. I hope we can hear our guest over the noise. Man, they're just going nuts in there. What? Anyway, we have a nice card before Tom Jickers starts in with his usual crap. Nice to see it now. That's great. But those cops are talking about them. Yeah. You're not one of these men's fans. David, I'm talking about that. Yeah, that. A lot of men's fans are splitting their wrist about that this night. Hey, I'm happy. Anyway, here's a nice card. I see the same writing that I've been seeing for now over 13 years going all the way back to the cat. But this one's not for me. It says, to the management, why not give a fellow a break who could give something to the audience. Take Glenn off the program. He is a joke or disgrace to the audience. Put him in the back some place. Wake up Wild. Do something. You have to drown with your host. Nice card. I'm starting writing. I'm going to help you. Anyway, this is going to be quite a day. I hope you realize you're part of history in the making here today. We have not only your favorite Dickie Ferald and I talking about bedwitting, but I don't know what I want to think about. I'm sure you do. I'm sure you do. I'm not a problem today about me. Well, screw him. And the Stanford, of course, one of the legends in the industry of Culledon, I'm Reneri Shove this morning. And he must be taken as oxygen earlier today. The theme will be a good movie. The guy's like a radio yeast infection. I just hope you think it's gone. It pops up again. It's done, Billy. I mean, I thought he really tried the last day. Oh, boy. He's going to be brutal today, aren't you? Well, I don't understand. And of course, the board he's talking about, we have your best friend, Hank Golddigger, is going to be on to this. We're really doing it all the way around. By the way, I want to say this on a serious note before we start. I had a note on the screen yesterday from some caller that Big Wilson had passed away. And I didn't put it on the ear because with all the cranks that we get, I like to verify something first, but then Bill Culledor called me last night to tell me that unfortunately it was true. And he was really a nice guy. Class, nice guy. Yeah, super guy. Yeah, really, really was. And he was only 65. But I think between that weight and the smoking, and of course, this business, which is just built that he thought he'd done of a broken heart. Really? Yeah, which may have been exaggerating early in a highly emotional bill gets. But really, he just was crushed that he had a pack up and leave here and that nobody would hire him. And you see how that happens to a lot of guys. Oh, geez, I actually hope that isn't true because that was true. You know, Bill is kind of dead through our all the time then. I mean, for a Bill, he just can't catch a break. I mean, we're talking about a real talented guy or just can't catch a break. Well, if you could die of a broken heart, he's still getting married. He must have been practicing. No, you know, you are brutal. I know you, the guy is working now. I know, I think it's great. And that is a real talent. And he's begging me. He says, don't give my number when a book comes in the market. What credibility could I have not to give you number? I think he's going to go on. I've been in long enough to really how he had to do with the summer book. He was there all the time. Once we had the beginning, of course, it was like changing the guard. They blew out the whole, uh, mutt-kissing audience there. They're a country audience. And then he had to start from all over again. But I think he'll do about a one. If you go to the one there, that's the big family. Yeah, my mind is for actions most of the day. And then you get to this board tonight, the, the, the, the fractions. And they're sports tonight to be honest. We've a little overrated my opinion. I could be wrong, but I don't think they're doing all that great. Well, I want to be sports tough. I have to, I have to hand that, I'm not nuts about my hand. I do like Ed, though. Well, you like Ed, because he, you and he go up to the track together. I know nothing about racing at all. You know nothing at all. Ed? Nothing. Oh, you know, all right, hands he knows. And I've cashed him good tickets to get. Have you? Oh, yeah. Really? Well, he's like the king of the batteries. He really is. Not as much as Hank though. He doesn't know as much as Hank. Well, I, thanks, okay, too. No, but what you want to have, we got to talk about it. I'm not going into this. I'm not going into a thing with my best friend because it would be wrong. Anyway, let me do a little break and then we're going to talk about all we're going to. He's going to rip everybody to the, I can tell you. I'm not sure. I'm going to be a nice guy. Even said something nice about Carter, but he's sure a little. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going to hear about that later, you know. No, I, I'm going to hear about it. I've written more columns about Bill called as in, didn't probably anybody who's here. Well, I wouldn't say that. I, like, I just think he got some real bad deals. He has gotten stabbed in the back. I'm saying that the man is going to like die. No, in a hard. Isn't that what you said? Well, I said, I hope that is in true. Well, I hope it is not said. I hope you can't. I don't really have any feelings for him to get it cold. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. He's old for the meeting. Oh, my God. And getting farther away with every race. Well, I say, I have a race in front of him. I'll get him one foot of my heart away from every race. By the way, I apologize. I said yesterday, go out and plunge your brains out for about 280 or 260 on solid Brian. And he's still running. You never ran a lick. 30 cents on a dollar and he finished dead lands. You know what, he's one of those climbers who goes up the rider. And as soon as they start coming down, they'd like to lose it all at once. Really. Yeah. You know, they got the $5,000 climbers. Yeah. Become, you know, 50,000. I know how much starts to win. All of a sudden, so to speak. Anyway, 12 minutes after 10 times. Jacob, of course, the radio TV editor, the four-laterdial news and Sun, several and of course, for many, many years. One of the great thorns in the side of how our client berg it to my own, I mean news. Anyway, we want to invite you to your 10-th of season. It's W-W-I-V. Tom Jick is here. We're going to rip everybody to pieces and then about a quarter to 12. The book is going to come out this summer book. We have some of those pseudo intellectuals from Channel 2 in the other room. And by the way, if anybody in the building can bring them some money, you know, they're always looking for money. They're not doing a fundraiser at the moment, but still, they're always ready for your cash. You know what I'm saying? So they could put on those animals doing things with other animals on the screen. That's the one thing I don't understand. You know, it's funny. I thought I'd like the ultimate porn on movie. You could get away, you could turn out all the real perverts. Just do a film called Animals Doing It. And you have, you know, Gorillas and elephants. They already showed that on TV. I'm not supposed to be. I'm supposed to be between the nations here, graphic with a large drone. I must have been, well, I trust. I think so. I'm all in there. But anyway, build concerts at this whole thing up. And where is that? You're a good buddy. He didn't even show. Now, you see, we're talking discussing that yesterday, whether he would show his face in here. And you notice he doesn't have the guts. Well, I think he, I also, we should point out that there are papers with courage and there are papers with no courage. Exactly. And the hell will not allow there people to come here and the four-lettered on this sentence. I'm not told at the same time. Good night. And I don't do it. Absolutely. Don't question about it. So anyway, what we're going to do is they're ripping this on Sentinel. So they all put some pressure on to it. Don't do that, please. Anyway, Lee followed through this afternoon by the way. Longeur A Fanchions models from the undercover where Longeur A is. This is going to be on the third. That's not real. That's serious. He's ripping me off now. When you're still, when you're still, when you know the real, what does that tell you? Well, let's get serious. Okay, let's look at your inherited from J&O. Yeah. Well, you know, let's start with him. That's good. I was going to start somewhere else. But what a great night. He wanted to hear his show tonight. And for his two-zand summer is called in to discuss the pearls of bed-witting. Is that for real? I'm not making any. He's getting dead. Yeah. The funniest thing I've been getting desperate is on five nights now. He's getting dead. And I've been by court in the last night. You know what he was doing? And he was talking about, and he went out there. I've had any bad experience with doctors called me in and what, you know, tonight he's going to do. What do you think about social security? Oh, you know. Yeah, he was really funny. The funniest thing. The second 90s. I...and that all yant. I think it was the one of calls that he'd go, yeah, I've been asking. Because it sounded just like a, so she calls up. She's gone through this whole routine about you and how miserable you are and everything. And a little dick he goes, What do you call in me and talking about Neil Rogers for I see there's what you can never get through the deal That really He has a great voice. I mean if he doesn't really oh, yeah, if he doesn't make it radio He can like the MC at Irish wakes Oh, I just dropped the people on the floor of the page of the week with that with that comment. I mean he makes up, you know What he don't have an intelligence he makes up and live and then how do you like his show Tom? You know, I just like I said what he doesn't have an intelligence he makes up and how why did they hire? I was and on other than Steve needs to run this rent his condo out. Why did they hire him here? I think Steve pushed from pretty hard. Well, they needed something to put that between baseball. You know what I want you're calm. You kind of indicated that you think the one space ball starts again. He's going to be out and I don't wish anybody even a hand. I don't wish anything. But I think the one thing I'll say on his behavior maybe learn drive talk is good. I agree with you with that live talk is always preferable to the cans stuff to sell and you guys see the Bruce Williams any of that. So, you know, that's fine. I don't know why he's chosen you know the last three nights to attack me over the you know the one column and he's He's hanging you. Oh, for the last one. You know, yeah, maybe he's been listening to you. Well, and that's the other thing. They should look at that and you over there. He last night he got no I'm the I'm a non person over there. It's really funny. They call one day. They wanted to comment on something on television and so they said whatever they got it to play. They said, well, Tom, Jack is our television and they said, guys, thought about it for many goes, is there anybody else there? Oh, it's really funny. Dickie goes on all night because I've been working late the last couple nights. I've been listening to him driving home. And you don't know all night about how he has no idea what goes in this program. He doesn't listen to what he can understand why anyone listens to it. But he knows every single word that's set on this show. Every single like last night he's doing this routine with the chip monkeys guys got this little chip monkey. Which is him talking into some kind of a voice box. There's some comes out like a chip monkey and he's gone through the whole routine that went on in this program. I think it's a durable not a chip whatever it is. And he's talking back and forth to the chip monkey on anyone on used to talk to was. Yeah, like he's doing this whole routine. And he's telling the chip monkey. Well, I don't know anything that went on in the Neo Roger show. And of course the chip monkeys talk. Well, this is what they said and this is what they said. So like right now he's hanging on baby and he'll come on tonight and go. I don't want to talk about that show. I didn't listen to it. But meanwhile he said, hi, Dick, good morning. How are you? He's wound up like an old. I've been ripping me. For nothing. No, because you wrote a really constant column. I don't think that was a cross. No, I think it was honest, but it was a cross. Oh, it would have had to be. You know what he was up there. You wrote it. You said an essence he has no talent. He's a piece of crap. I didn't have to say that. An essence. And then he just kind of like a temporary feeling. And he's a wasted time. You know what? And he couldn't buy a hell. He was most upset about. He was the most upset that after I let him rip JNR. I let him have his waist. That everything he wanted to say. That I gave them a chance to respond. That upset him. I mean, he's a guy is in the business. He's the same guy that when people call in a tank him not only does he hang up on him, but he dumps it. I don't understand that. Yeah. What thing to hang up? Well, he's been doing that for years because things become thin skin. But you know, then when you dump it, I don't get that. Well, he had last night was a sick a fast from up in Palm Beach, we're calling him up. He's practically begging for calls. He was going on and on. I think it's always a real good idea to start somebody on the night when a playoffs in the world. Series are coming up. That's a good time to put the live nighttime programming on. Well, you know, you got that count. But meanwhile, I've died. Remember, your estate and what baseball did to your book one? Yeah, that's what I know about that. I'm just being sarcastic. Yeah, as what I'm talking about, even if anybody listening in there. Maybe five or six. Well, you got to watch an on TV, either distracted. But I wouldn't worry about it because blind mics start Monday night. And I think you heard that call. Yeah, I was going to call. Yeah, I wasn't even closed. Mike won in a landslide. Yeah, we're going to bring him an audio. And he's going to reminisce about all the crank calls he used to make. It's going to be terrific. I talked to a friend of mine. Mike's the other day. Today he did the Paul. And I said, how come why am I acting a unbelievable thing? Oh, finally, he was listening to Craig. That's why Craig's his body now. He's done drag all the time. Craig takes his car. Craig puts him on the air. Yeah, I heard Craig the other day was filling in in the afternoon for an extra hour. And don't get me wrong because I like Craig. He's a super high-tech. Craig's got a lot of ways to go. But the colors were like the fuzeless grandparents. I mean, FTO has got the oldest callers in history. So, Craig. And then, you know, some of the voices I remember from KT days, a gravely voice guys from the World of Women's Room, and a baby said a call and, do you want to do all much ruin? We got into a discussion. I was on the show and, oh, you got a break. I can't believe you're letting you go. You got a break. You got a break. Oh, no. We're not going to be fired. If nobody is snoozing. Yeah. And he says, oh, you know, they're nice people and everything else. See, that's, there are some people in the business. And Craig is one of them calleders and other one. They're just two nice. And they don't, they just don't have it in them to just hang up on somebody and say, get lost. You know, you have to have some sense of self preservation. Well, actually when these hangers on come along, I mean, I shouldn't put Bill in her head, but at least, you know, choose some of these people out like Lester. But I mean, Craig is just such a nice guy. You can hear the impatience in his voice. You know, he's trying to hurry them along, because he knows they don't belong on the air. But he just let these people to the throne. Yeah. I said, I said, don't know, that was there. You know, you know that voice. And I said, oh, Craig, don't tell me you have him on. And he said, oh, you know, he's a knight and a kid and I want to, you know, he, and that's it. Craig is too nice for that. Good. Yeah. If it's because the majority of you are rotten bastard like me. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, I can't 23 and WIOND with Tom Jickle will be right back. Oh, yeah. 26 and after 10 and WIOND with Tom Jickle. Yeah, that's history. I read that in your column. I didn't realize that because I don't pay much attention to thinking far full, but it is true that he was looking to try to create a control. Yeah. Yeah. Now, where do you think he got that from that contrived? Yeah. Can't you talk to that came all the time? Constantly. Like this. He talked about the Dean or I last night. Dean, oh, yeah. Dean loves the Dean by the way. So they give you a little bit insight as to where how he has degenerated in the industry. One thing, you know, I like Steve, but the one thing you say about him that's true is he has the worst choice of friends that have ever really done. We inside him in and the Dean and in this guy that's going to be back in, you know, Lake Bahaoki, New York or every game from. Who what? Where do you come? Mount Kisco. That's where he's from. Mount Kisco, New York. He worked like a crazy guy. He worked in Mount Kisco, which is like, you know, a full-out station. All right, let's not spend four hours on the ticket or a little bit because it really isn't worth it. You know, they would be like spending one hour for each listener. Anyway, the book is coming out at 11.45. So we brought Tom into make his predictions. Oh. Oh. I'm going to put you on the spot today and say like, man, like a night. Well, it's like picking horses out of the thing here out of the newspaper. Look at me. I had a great 30 cents out of dollar horses. They won't define. And he's still running. He's coming in right now. Yeah. But Dino. One Carlos Cotex from the Harold called me yesterday at home. You know, Juan, he's just obsessed with the show. And he asked me, so well, I got any predictions. I said, I don't make predictions on the numbers. And he said, well, what do you think exciting? What are you looking for? I said nothing. I don't think there's anything. I don't think there's anything. No, we don't have to do this all our book. I don't think there's anything exciting going on in the morning. Things significant. Nobody changed formats. So, growing in any great personalities or others in the one we've been talking about. He wasn't here. He wasn't here for the book. And in the summertime, you know, you got, I think most of the personalities in the market take the vacations during the summertime. You also got the, I think it's skew. Which is always going to be skewed by the way. You know, people are good down. Yeah. Well, I wasn't here for the two weeks. And it's a little different. Oh, you got it. Wait a minute. Does it get celebrity power? I wasn't going to take any calls for a while. But we have a celebrity. Are you still there? Mr. Celebrity? What do you do hang up? Johnny, the oxygen. No way. And much more. Let me try this. And now he's probably gone. Hello. He's gone. Who was? Oh, Don Cox. Really? Yeah. Now when Don Cox hangs up. Why, I just, I don't need to. He probably is still going to be working with any calls. I just saw. I've been here a while. It's 20 Fox won't call. You never know. Sunny Junior might get in touch. From where I love 94. Sunny Junior probably call. But anyway, you don't see anything exciting. I think probably the rock or all stations is a little bit better because sometimes kids are home or how long or five is going to go down. I think so. Well, there's a, there's a, EDR is claiming that they were playing a dirty tricks campaign with them. What one of their contest and something that they had a computer. They were dialing in every time they were trying to get requests or a contest. Today they're computer-type the phone lines on the way that it's true and not, but they're claiming that they caught him and that's been not doing that. The numbers will go up. But they might have just seen the trends. I think EDR, okay. My, all those calls on the hotline just tell them it's cranking. You're rid of, okay. We didn't call any of those people. Let's still go on. Let's be going on all week long. The company are calling all these sports people over the country. Like last Friday, Wayne Miss moves. I heard that in the afternoon, which I was tickled at FB2. I never were kind of fun. Big chat called in and the land vermin. But now, you know, we get to all these people that we never even heard of calling in. So just tell them audio is in good luck. Talk to them. You're a thing Hank could be doing that. Maybe. I mean, who else is connected to that? I mean, exactly. Well, I'm so glad he said that because I thought I was paranoid, but you know, Hank, how I can't believe Hank is really mad at you. I mean, you guys were too good at frying. Oh, vicious. He really is. Yeah, I don't know. He's a thing like stuff I do on the year. I don't. I would never. Well, I won't say never, but I can't think of an occasion where I want to get somebody in a business fired or create a real problem for somebody. But with Hank, once you cross him, man, he's you're on his list and he'll just go to No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He'll go to the ends of the earth to try to destroy you and get you fired and just, he really can't. He's a vicious person. I've never seen. He was like, that's kind of like fun, but with Hank, it's like venom. I haven't seen that. Oh, trust me. But he is my best friend. I hope so. Anyway, speaking of good friends, you know, the thing with Hamburg is really getting me very upset. I don't. I think that's a real thing. Yeah, that is where we're going to win the win until they find somebody. Yeah. Oh, yeah, he's gone. Really? Put on. He's just a question to win. As soon as they find somebody, they'll pay him off and audio is generally. Does anybody hear you? I don't know. Did you? They don't know. They're all incredible. That was bad. Yeah. Thinking that everything you don't want to tell us, well, it's not something I don't want. It's just speculation. It's not that it could cause some problem. Because it could be interpreted the wrong way. But I think that, yeah, it's just a matter of finding somebody to replace Hamburg and then he'll be gone. And I think it's unfortunate. Because, you know, the best proof I have that I'm right about this thing is when I talk to the other stations, they all say the same thing. We can't wait for them to get rid of Hamburg. Yeah. It's strange to this thing. Oh, exactly. Yeah. There's a nice question about it. Yeah. So the other stations are more excited than Channel 4 about getting rid of Hamburg. And it seems to me they're losing their identity. The Rosmergo who was outstanding. And then they said, oh, we made a mistake. Now they're going to do the same with Hamburg. Then they'll say we made a mistake. Put these going over to Channel 10. Yeah, he's gone. They stuck weaver in the morning and they put the guy with a weather map on his face and and they actually only had great. And the public just hates him with a passion. And then they got a bunch of silly people there, laughing and puking. You know, besides Tony, I don't want to stay in a course tank. Well, yeah, I'm going to leave Hank. Well, Tony and Hank, I said a bunch of silly people. Tony and Hank were there when they got there. But if you think about it, they have not made a good high up since they've been there. The people they've hired have all been through this. We do, they brought the guy in from San Francisco. He last, oh, yeah. Yeah. The guy who had the truth problem here that that civil injector was his name. David, David Jack. Oh, he was to, you know, could the last time I filled in the cane, I guess. So four, five months ago, and I had, I had the dick level from Channel 4 here. And the entire hour was spent with people just running down and Cliff Marison. And he got really no backing from law, though. You know, he says, well, you know, you know, they really had you to bat it. It got so ugly that the Cliff Marison called up. Didn't it? Yeah. And he was upset. And I know people at the station said he was beside himself that that his the General Manager of the station sitting here while people are running them down. He's not even defending him. So that was kind of ridiculous. Tom, do you think that John Hamburg is? Who good do you think that? No, I don't think no, no, I'm not going to get crazy about that. I don't think John Hamburg is too good, but I think he's the best thing about what they have now. Me too. And I think they're making a big mistake. I'm going to tell you something. I don't care what anybody says. He's the best anchor in this market. I don't even give me a song of the dance about Anne. And looks like a warehouse. He's getting so big. And I'm going to, and she looks so maternly with those sweaters. It's like watching your grandmother do the news. I think Anne is like, there's some kind of a con job about Anne. In other words, he's been here a long time and it's become, it's become acceptable to say, I want you to be sure, but she's the best. She's not the best. It's like it is. It's like watching your great grandmother doing the news. Well, she's not bad. Don't get me wrong. She's not like Hamburg. I'm not going to, I do. I work as a live. You know, Hamburg and well, he's very animated. But people don't like about him. They say he's over dramatic. He's too animated. Yeah. Maybe he's my life. Maybe he's too animated for this market. I watched, maybe we could have the comatose news where we have a bunch of stiffs. I'll prop up and tears, you know? Well, and somebody doing voice to it, that the cutest news team. You got it, met that. You'd see it. You know, between the hell. Have you met? Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. I want to do it. Then if you like to do it. Can I stick hands with you? Oh, sure. She's a real sweet person. She does it for me to. Oh, yeah. Oh, thanks. Got the hot for a big time. Well, thanks. It's very him too, by the way. Oh, yeah. Okay. Let me do a little break here while we try to open his back. Now you're going to hold on. It's a good time. I know. Oh, cocks. What the hell is going on here? What do you mean he's back? Are these not working now? I don't know. Obviously, he's back in his real. So it isn't him. Hello. Hello, Neil. What is your problem? Are you some kind of a mental defective? Oh, yes. Are you in your car? Yeah. I saw him always. Yeah. Well, we better talk you now. I'll do the right thing. Yeah. Let's get it over with real quick. No, but we do a regional icon. It was a huge honor and nice guy's a business. I thought it was my cue. Well, you don't have it lost in heavy. No, no, no, no. Yes, sir. You're going to let me tell you one quick thing. This is the dean is coming back today. Yeah. The dean. You know, the main mistake is perfect for it. The wonderful island dreams. Sir, sir. So there will be several people snoring this afternoon. If the island's a dean. I'm out of jail tonight. That was it. You called twice for that? Well, yes. Well, did I like you when a book comes out? You'll need it. Well, good luck to you. Okay. Bye. I'm sure you'll beat me up when it does come out. I sure will. I'll break your extra notice to do it. Bye. Bye. For he is so chronic. Yeah. I was obsessed with West honey though. I mean, I was just one. I just didn't hear me calling you. Just for he say, no, we have no fear. Everybody can not learn. I was in a balance. It was. 1036 and WI leave him. Don't have four. How is everybody? Come on. Goods run, you know. I just. It might not be as bad as everyone says. You. Okay. 1038. WI don't. Johnny Dark. Did we say he was coming in today? No. Was that a joke? Well, what? Because there was a lot of food coming or was it real? No. No, no, no. Coming to me to embarrassed because then Tom would write something in the call. That's seriously. You ought to do it a little research on Johnny Dark. Because a man, I don't know what he does. I know from New York. I mean, I know him. I don't know what he does. He hasn't worked in years now. And yesterday he came in and we fed him once and he said, well, that was okay. But how about having Arnold. I'm not joking. We had to have a second lunch for him yesterday. For the NWABP. He has original. You know, WNBC. WNBC. WZ on any other one? No. NBC. NBC. But I met him. He was there when I was growing. That was the only one that I met. I knew that. I met a group of people. No, no. Now, you think that someone else. Dark was at WNBC for about eight years. And that would be in the seventies. Yeah. The 18 seventies. He was somewhere in the sixties, too. Why in these there. I came here in 1972. I moved to Miami and said. It's not really in my, too. We're trying to keep an audience here. Okay. I'll go to the history of Johnny Dark. Because nobody cares. Nobody, even Johnny. He's a part of the, as long as he's eating, he doesn't care. He's bringing the food in today. Maybe Arnold will come by and feed on why. Yes. Yeah. Royal. Well, whatever. I'll eat or add. The only thing he was here yesterday, Wayne would be honored to feed Tom Jickett today. When he comes in, he'll get a nice ride up in the stunts. I, I, I'm likely Wayne would give it a shot. I was, I stopped at a, a white cast of a new aqua. I was up there on vacation. I had to get off the highway and go to the bathroom. I mean, who's right through? I'm telling you. What kind of a show was that? The thing will be on it too. Okay. You already ripped it in. So I guess we know, what did you say about, like, how kind of a disease, like a used in the fact, yeah, he's a radio, used infection. I just want to go, I've become, I've had a baby. Just keeps coming back over and over and over and over again. Speaking of a bad dream, you mentioned something about WOLD. You took a vision shot of them during the break. Where did they find this guy, Charlie Manos? He was a news kid. With a real happy voice, I'm Charlie Manos. And he put him on because, is nothing like that. You wake up first thing in the morning, isn't that what you want to hear? I am a ballet. You know, he reminds me of Cliff Clayton on she is. The guy on those, he doesn't know. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. That whole show is just incredible. I'm going. It would be like hearing some idiot cackling in the background for four. I mean, this is when I am running. I feel like I've got to check these shows out from time to time just to see what they're up to. I'm your mother. But she raised you to chance to watch, just to speak out last night. Oh, I was going to go. Oh, I know. Yeah, getting incredible reviews. In fact, if anybody saw it, I saw selected moments of it. Well, I did see that they probably noticed the resemblance between what's his name and Roseanne brought. Not from the front, from the house. Yeah. From the house and Roseanne brought on on on on on on on. Alice in a sidekick. So I kicked that. Oh, yeah. That means what's his name? Debbie and he's getting it all confused. I was in the, you know, this is how when you watch when he was in that station, all the time for identity is all murdered in there. You can't figure out what's going on. Yeah, I love it when they talk about how they go out tonight, towards the gather and then kind of think what the parents might be in those situations. Yeah. You know, and then the other day I was saying something about how they were doing that thing on that rape case and I was saying how Debbie always dresses tastefully. Well, you know, what's that? What the world I was at? Yeah. I mean, you know, exactly. It's the same way to go. People get lost. Anyway, we don't want to do that. I want to make a tax because like I said, the book is, uh, this just isn't an exciting book. We hope to go up. We hope to do about a 20 or 30 share and anything sure that will be very disappointing. And we know that renewery will hold his own. He always does. He always holds on to what he's got and I don't, you know, what can you say? Amazing. Like a legend is owned by his name. He is in the market. Absolutely. And he, and he holds that. And we probably be holding our own and of course, on the show, we're used to it. We was on pretty well. It's about to a clock and then it's start. Here we go. He takes a lot today to get him started. You better get over here Wayne. He's getting vicious. We better feed him something. Substitute. Yeah. Your fangs are out. Yeah. What it is, I haven't been to you about nine ten. Maybe you because you and the steam get along. Okay. All right. Okay. Maybe you can accomplish what the rest of us have failed. Okay. Because I don't want Steve to do badly. I think still somewhere in the back of his mind. He believes I do or that there's some ego thing. That's not there's nothing in it for me for him to fail. Okay. I want him to do very well because obviously if I come over here, Yeah. And Renery and Steve both do very well and increased off what they had before. Then it's good for everybody. An installation is great. But the problem is Steve will not listen to anybody. And like you said before, he's kind of like one of these people. If you say it's day he'll say it's night. So therefore the people he gravitate toward are the people that I would just bar like the Rick side or men and Ellis and all these other people. Yeah. But I can't control who his friends are because I have nothing to do that. But his soul he insists like this week. Wednesday he and Ellis Rubin again with a heard go on with the conversation. And he's a native away. You're saying one to a minis. Yeah. Okay. Interesting. The hearing like a 20 hour minis. Yeah. And then yesterday I couldn't believe it. The man looks. Did you see him yesterday? He looks like a hundred years old. Now he's starting to look like one of the characters out of the. We're talking a little bit. No. But he's got a lot of crunch. Oh, and he's got this green beard down. And he looks like Moses or something. I think about I was Moses and Grant here inside him and was. And I though it's thought they had been joined the side of him and come on. It's kind of like the other giant. Oh, well he's up a J&O. Is he? He's a. He's on a. Oh, I was up in the big time. Come on. Get with it. Well, that means he might have a shot to do not. I mean how many times and I like. I like Ferrell. I mean forget whether you like him or not. I had nothing against him. Well, I've done it. And then I realized how he really wasn't not just but the bottom line is this. Topical stuff. And like Stations around the country, like last year, to went up to WLS in Chicago. And they're doing the same crap with these boring topics. And then you read them out. No discussion on it. Wayne is on his way by the way from Arnold Rowe Castle. So you're in good shape. But abortion. And then I didn't read the article. Paper about how they got a shield plan on gun control. It all in a great sin, and sure. I mean, what what is wrong with these people? to take to convince these people at the public isn't there's nothing left to say about the Ryan thing and book it comes out today. It'll go along way and like FBL, I forget that they're not a lot of major talents available to put on the year to talk especially on a little station like FBL. But at least if you're going to put and then they put Craig on doing topics that's not his thing at all. I don't know what I was on the one day we were talking about TV and stuff but I don't you know I'm doing the topics is that what he's doing. That was never Craig's never hitting back used to get on. I mean I don't want to be a big daddy like guy with the organ on 120 million is organ yeah and you know it was interesting you go back to I remember back to a new father Craig and right he did like this yeah yeah yeah right you drive one before and he did ten years and beginning he did noon with three and I did three to six men. Sid Levine came to us and he said well got a great opportunity for both of you I don't have any more money yeah but I'm going to give you the honor instead of doing three hours a day of doing four hours a day which was the K. T. We're doing for him. He's ignoring way of doing things and so he was doing ten or two and I did to this. I remember I'd be driving the work and I could almost tell where I was on the road by who was on the phone. You know it's a baby still and I what I was a cozy bomb Martin the guy and he all hands on a hundred you know and then they they'd all talk about having dinner the night before which we pray for those for people that the rest of the audience but what they were even in spite of that until they just totally took over the show like a boardless school inspired that he had a fun show. It's a good night and I like Craig I think it was super guy but to put him on and to put on these other people doing topics and screaming and yelling nobody cares I mean even like the thing with the topless bars in a four-lot of hell ordinarily that being a good subject but nobody cares if you're just television nobody cares about it and this yeah I don't care about it and perverse go to topless bars and this sleeping in the daytime yeah you said that all right let me do one more break here and then we'll get into the release really start ripping some people it's 1046 W. I. D. V. unconscionable Tom jica the radio and TV and I heard a four-lot of newsonson said no he used to be much more mild mannered when he worked for our planter but now that he's working for a much more open-minded organization he's really letting it hang out for the speaker I'm working for the honor of the cops yeah that's right the tribune company okay well it's about time he changed your allegiance anyway that's why he was glad he said that David Johnson's coming back for the match that's been printed for next year that should say he's okay that would have been he didn't get him like a little plastic surgery yeah well that's I mean having like his right peak on his arm you know it's a little embarrassed that would have been that would have been such a Yankee thing to do to get rid of him after one bad year you know I just didn't want to say that but if that's just one bad year there's just a feeling there's an ambiance there and I know he just let a kid out of control it was no control and that team everybody went their own way you know guys were going into taking their shower in the fifth inning and going home and even though it in fact managed was pretty upset about that because he said he likes to see the end of the game and you know Jimmy he likes to shower the guys anyway 1047 and he did a whole show on that by the way I thought leaving now he said that Ted foot probably is one of these people who never showered with the guys and I kind of wouldn't you think it was a little unusual if the president of the university went into shower with the guys oh they know it's really especially the wood you but that man did you know you know those guys who went to Michigan man they're all little strange anyway when you're proud of your home you wanted to look at his best and stay in mint condition but there are three things to consider when it's time to make home improvements they take time money and specialized skills so what do you got a big job in mind like maybe in W. Ellis's house you can see that like remodeling your kid in her bathroom or just a small short of the way we're placing a door there you go plastic design builders can handle it I mean even a month and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers okay I'm sure you want to well Larry's getting married yeah I had a great idea that you know when he was on the other he was talking to Mike the other day and I just had this vision that there they would be at the altar tomorrow night and you wouldn't even be I guess we'll do the ride by we go if there's anyone who has any reason to see this couple should not be joined together the county clerk comes running and he goes they're really coming you are I'm interested in your business are you going to the wedding time I'm right in inviting I know I'm being invited in by me either but he is coming by the billies coming down here the 20 seven he was on with Mike yesterday I couldn't believe it was shameless way I know I commented on this yesterday but a bears are peating over and over again they had them on the phone that's what I heard of you and Mike and Henry and Sonny and they were just all tinkling over here and it was like he said Sonny when I'm going to be honest with you Renarian him never got along to begin with okay I get that through the grapevine I don't want to mention called his name but I get that through the grapevine from somebody who was here at the same time but boy they just I can't understand you know what Sonny said hey Larry how are you and he goes on you worried yeah oh no if I'm his name he'll report with a hot scoop okay hello Neil yeah if you recognize the boy don't mention my name okay this is a big scoop this is a serious scoop John Hamburg's office has been cleaned out effective last night everything is off the wall three anchor people auditioned last night after the news with the woman anchor person what's your name I forget Susan what's he yeah that's right you wonder who the three are yeah well we know John proper right from NBC and Mike Schneider oh no okay I don't believe that well Tom yeah you should have been on top of this story but I don't believe anything you said so far I can I can accept some of the right on the third name and you won't believe that either and if you want if you want it you're a call we could put some money up for a favorite charity so far no no good who's the third man Glen Rinker that doesn't surprise no that's the only one that's surprised now wait a minute if Grinker come you're Grinker if Grinker comes in and Bob may or have to go out because they don't have that many phone bars oh they're gonna do not them brief yeah this is this is hot it happened last night well it has it has been in Prince yet and you guys broke the story well thank you very much but I'm just stressed out in the middle I always can't but I was gonna tell people that my mind they call them would be on the radio ratings but I guess I'm gonna have to make a good guy and he's a good talent and he's getting a real sprowing is too good for the market yeah okay well all three of them were there last night and and as I understand it so was ham brick in the building at the same time well a great touch of class well I would be keeping with the way that handled all right yeah yeah okay okay appreciate it all right how do you like that for getting a scoop right right here I believe that is it I believe everything but the mic's not a part and I'm not saying that's not true just that's the thing that I find them hardest to but because night is in a real great spot now he's on the network now every morning at six thirty what do you want to come back to this I'm isn't this the place you know he did he yeah when I over the way I'm doing all right he's on the network now and you know you got knows what that could lead to he's in a great visibility spot what do you want to come back to this where he knows he's in a tough spot there and he's gonna be bucking his knees all power and I did just does that doesn't go all I am yeah isn't that have a ring to all right him his old buddy he like Mike did you really yeah I mean as opposed to Jerry he's a but you know and like Mike well that's all the info to grasp very badly he looks like a ghost there's no way they can make him up maybe if he can enjoy his makeup people yeah hey we haven't talked about Joey Joey yet no yeah well it's coming on in five minutes oh I've been at that program it's beyond description isn't it well the five people people attack me because I think I ripped people just for the hell of it I do it gratuitously and that's not true and there's a hamperks a good example I'm not gonna rip him the guys getting canned and he's getting a screwing is an excellent talent I ripped people deserve to be ripped and Joey again I like him personally but I can separate that from the fact that he shows stuff how did he get that me going I mean how he was up with a goat and failing on she was another one of these local TV stations that just they got all the answers man why would they possibly put him on or looking for that big buildup for their 1130 news and they put on a a good giant bomb like that yeah there were people and you know there are people available to I mean stand would be better than Joey it's true all of Stan on TV well from a distance from a long shot for Stan has kind of like a Bella Legosi image you know when he comes on you know I mean yeah there are people they could put on there that wore his car law I mean Greg you doubt for God say I mean he's done I'm just think it come on well we're talking Joey yeah well you do have a point no but there's no point in putting any local show on unless there's some point to it unless there's something there I mean like there's something on 17 that's another one of these like having Don way ball over again you know it's a way it's just a waste of everybody's got to have they could put an old documentary on and just fill the time and get the same 20 people watching if you're going to put something local on do something different I mean Joey show you can't even describe what it is that he does Daniel what do you do besides Joe or try to run around half naked in 20 years old again what's surprised you know about the 80 and maybe you got a shot no matter what what else you say channel 10 is the best run station in this market has been for years and that's what surprises me they knew they were going to lose her out of and I'm surprised that they didn't have something better than Joey to plug in there because they really do a good job of programming that station and it's almost like the night before they lost her out that he go God what are we going to do I mean that it looked like it was a con book quick you're in there they could play a thing here in the middle they don't show you a black and white leave it to beaver yeah that black and white Gilligan's iron we're looking at too many ideas we're under in these hours now that I'm sure yeah so we kind of like the fact that Joey is on air effect we promote the hell out of the Joe Joey how do you get the job I have what do you mean I know him well he's these come in from time to time has me and you talk to us yeah yeah come up with us by the way yeah yeah several times I can't stand it what does that mean well I do you know some I have I've never talked to the guy I was going to do a piece on the show and the only reason I down him and you know the idea and how it happened and I didn't do it because someone else at the paper decided they were going to do it for whatever reason I got a time and it will feature story and that should become an artist for anytime now so I hope before the shows goes off they better give you know I have a feature in the Sunday TV book called TJ Q&A and I answer the question last Sunday people asked me who is this guy Joey and I said you know what this was actually in the in the comments when I got your question I answered it as quickly as possible because the other thing right now I know we're talking about you know and but I mean and the girl was writing the story I think I realized that he's vicious to yeah thinking farphles got a point and despite everything we say about the end and everything channeled in that is number one in the rating and we were well the credit tremendously well run station if you think that they've been the ABC affiliate during ABC's darkest times right still been the number one station in town and they've been the number one new station in town after 10 years that's right how are you got that is besides and they do said you're great job quite a lot of deal for example they do a great or after they didn't have a lot of it but silly but they have silly but the fact always got it back that they don't please you or they don't always please me doesn't matter they do please the people the people they tune into what the people in this market weren't they've been that way so 10 years and now that four's got hard copy I think there are a lot of trouble yeah and what they're doing that is way that'll do it yeah I forgot about that yeah that's going to put them over the time I think so and especially if they've written if the Glenn Ranker comes back in man look at that is not going to be yeah the guy started like you knew what he was talking about well then again yeah I was going to say but they just seem so strange but they do strange things are they can bring in Mike Spindell to do the sports job mayor knew the business news and ranker in could all be sitting on top and do like the make it rain and that's that's right why rankers about three feet tall what are you talking about oh yeah no I've stood next to ranker and I'm sure but he was on so you saw that I know he's not I think so I've got ranker yeah I would say rankers about five seven five oh you've got to be kidding me give her take a foot yeah yeah oh this is I I mean Bob may I know I know it's ranker trust me about three three six maybe okay listen with the end of the hour here's a giant in the energy is Henry in there today Henry is not here today who is it Dale not so bright is Danny Bryan boy this is a rare treat with the 11th of 242 news and then Tom Zico who is becoming more costig by multiple back with us what Steve doing this and all that's right it's the day and when the dean is on nobody else needs to be on Ryan what why are they a we why cover your hurricane put up tomorrow on new song radio success WI O D try this Larry King come on up I said back a little bit your breath is very bad it's 1186 WI I just though we'd play that for all times pretty little not sell that and it's good to see Tom starting just a little pre-lunched to cleanse his palate we like yeah of course we like to have our guys cleanse their palates with just a little something is a sob-a-coming in and the sorbet will be in between this and then the Arnold's row castles so we need to have it all spaced out for him diet rock and rye what is that I know it rock and rye used to be I drank it when I was like four all I mean it's up there for you I mean anything we've got this for you because we got it all for not only you right I didn't you always look to the other book is gonna be out in about 1145 today now this I wasn't just the first time we've ever done this because you haven't been here for a long time yeah but I'm just trying to be on January well you're our only guest I mean we've had Stan major drop in right because he's busy and we've got a lot of you oh I'm invited yeah we used to have we've had we used to no right I could not hear that this show because he was the best I'm trying to when he and what I like the best when he was yesterday that a wigs man he can't really the most exciting thing I've ever seen in my life he came on the TV press tour in that wigs you remember the scene in La Tajra fall where there's the dinner table and his wigs starts falling on swiney and that's what it reminded me of that page of a last summer he was doing a show for show time so he came out and he did the press tour and it was like the tour because it was like the worst rug in the his I mean it makes for it Reynolds rugs look really super easy now there's a real talent for you isn't it okay I better keep my eyes on this because we're not really I don't want to take these boring calls you know when my favorite challenge that may that's in the old days okay that's history nobody wants to do that but if we do have a celebrity like cock stalling and we get rid of him real bread it's the first or that how that call was good though yeah yeah that's very depressing very depressing I think everybody depressing but that's surprising well it's too late you know I would mount a campaign but it's too late isn't it I have everybody else channel how he will write him a letter until level what a jerky is where did he come from he came from Chicago he's not a jerky the bright guy and yeah but he had wrong in his instance he doesn't know what they're always doing he doesn't know this market well he's not caught all the shots exactly either he's getting very angry of people coming from Chicago so runners they want to stay so I didn't mean came from Chicago okay now that should speak with I mean well he hired me but that was only by accident he also hired Farrell so he hired my and he's bringing a dean in today to pinch him for Steve there would be like putting yeah you know he thinks the reality like I was gonna say it'd be like putting in Mike Balecki to pinch him for Ryan Sandberg but Balecki did get a hit last night yeah just in case you want to be like Steve Blast to pinch him for Mark Gray or Steve Blast was he? Steve Blast the one who went last whole life without getting a hit did he? I think so yeah I think he was one of the I don't ever got it here he's a guy that just woke up one day and lost yeah I just think they are he does the color on the pirates not I don't know if you ever watched him on his 320 yeah they're the most boring broadest and you know they don't have big crowds especially at the end of the season in Pittsburgh and it sounds like they're in an empty room somewhere just talking to each other it's terminal it's awful but anyway we don't want to get bogged on on that because I said they will get a TV questionnaire upstairs a TV question we have a question we have a question I mean it said okay I mean it really even when it's a boggy and that's on TV that is TV I don't say anything wouldn't it be red and scully is learned right or the rest of the series boy I don't I'm not that big on costus to say the least I like I would I have to compare to scully yeah that was great it was like a breath of fresh air I've been down on costus since I think it has something to do with the outcome you mean I'm going to go yeah I'm out here I'm perfect game okay I'm maybe a fall ahead I still can yeah I don't want to I'll read that card again I don't want to say about that postcard I'll read it again for the people who weren't listening earlier if you don't cut the crap everybody makes fun of me for even these tabloids but in the new inquire October 10 there's a big headline this is back-stabbing Brian Gumball's plot to force Jane Poly off the today show yeah now USA today comes out this morning and the big headline is Scott's today forecast cool front yeah now do you know anything about this Deborah Norville yeah I'm sure there was the air is apparent is that he is coming started NBC and and Jane Poly got there so annoyed that she went into the management to what I hear anyway and she said you want Deborah and all you can have it right now you're just by me out none of them and it's not like that at all you know you're still on your favorite and you know Deborah's going to do what she does but you can say I mean Deborah Norville gets to do things that the the other news John home and they've got to do nothing next to him on the podium they're on the day is and he is becoming started NBC of the 90s yeah it's a survey and of course it has everything to do with the fact of what a brilliant news woman she is and nothing to do with the fact that she's blind and blue I'm gonna do a spot for Toyota Holly would I don't believe no in a freight is brought me these prices before and I don't believe them okay so I'm not gonna do them that's how low they are but I would feel real bad if I gave money and found out she made a mistake I mean he's got prices here that are so absurd that I just couldn't possibly give money to I checked it out you know I'm saying are you following me but I'll give you mom serious there's something that I just can't be possible but if it is I'm gonna take like four hours out of the next week and just go on here keep repeating them but whatever you do take the green light and go to Toyota Holly okay so 1114 and WLMD were here with Tom Jick at the radio and TV editor of the prestigious for Latterdale News and Sunson why are you looking at your line I want to see when they're rating is coming in oh man this man what is it about it now this is almost like you know you asked for a horse of all they're not gonna come out it'll have 45 is that is that the time that they're sending him or is that the time that they're gonna be fine oh can we fight out about that is there anybody in the building listening find out what time they're feeding him okay so because we come in a computer in the back yeah and it takes about 45 minutes for the computer to get all the information loaded you don't get anything until everything is in there and then it starts feeding out printing out so it'd be sometime between 1145 and 1230 on the last the information is being fed at 11 in which case it would start coming so we'll find out what would you guys are we five never been here the day they came in actually now this is exciting but it was when I like to know the election that I was here with you not here was over the other day I and do you know oh no oldie when it's down in seven and WLD that is probably you mentioned WLD because quite frankly you made some horrible comment about Charlie Manos and you know which was understandable but can you explain me of course Dennis Collins I just either another negative things I could say about Dennis Collins or what he's done to that place but this business they're shuffling the deck and shuffling the deck remember they did that in fact he was there too with with Lee at GBS they did this thing they had this incredible failure they were doing ones they had that big 50,000 watt signal and they just have shuffling around and shuffling around a bedsmith and David Gold and the Dean and this one and that one he was embarrassing and no matter where the show was there was they had the same as two at WLD I mean you know they went up a little bit in this last friend because naturally anytime you make a major change like that people will sample although I will say this even only went back up a little bit their demographics continued going down their demographics are so old you can you know that the fun the Dean is a teenager compared to their demographics so can I just frightening you can hear that whatever they go to the phone and I know you like Sandy personally but let's well you are always terminal Sandy has not spoken to me I guess in more than a year what I don't know whether it's because I'm in G at the station or whatever but it's like I've flown up to face the I've had no contact whatsoever from her now anything else I want you to take a look to your eyes you know I don't know I guess I'll just assume this is coincidence okay because there does happen to be food coming in again that's our overall cancel not so never guess who who just walked in oh good Johnny dark oh good heaven well have a steater too John here the food that he said no it clearly I said he's coming back to that I mentioned yesterday that Tom would be here in a determined demanded a lot of food and that we would come through as we always do and you thought I was joking with that is that for us is that a piece offering is it a PD well I'll be darn if we could get boom boom to do what I'm not on yeah that was super hit what is it you don't think I'll play it rock what is it how 105 rock see well what does that mean you know what they're not we're also here shaking our head don't you know what that means rocks being music more than this this is face between what is it more than this nobody here knows anything what all you said this would change his opinion a Brian fair or this has something to do with Brian fair rock see music yeah now it's all slowly filtering it is gone oh yeah okay well we'll keep it in the not excuse me not today now with Tom's right here in the rating you're coming and that's why he is coming and we got to go check this John Hamburg thing and the John Hamburg story I didn't have some one and John wasn't radio story or he well how are you going to tell him to us you have a microphone to give him your mic or a second or move moving to these chairs over here would you please oh we could kind of do it like now he goes around he's actually would always always if it's not bad enough when he comes in and hangs out and then starts eating but now he's talking I guess I was at the bank today and they had making out or putting in do we have to ask they had waxy on yes and they ran a promo with Bill Sidman calling waxy to guess the scrambled oldies Bill Sidman is the program director of magic yeah and they said you know one of these things like see other program directors from other states and even listen to waxy I can't believe he did that I heard it with my own early exciting and well okay that was no one way to start out slow and any move up I'm sure there's a big story coming I hate to tell you that well that was it you said I have a couple of radio stories okay why micah left stories and hahahahaha what a good job wait a minute wait I like some jingles oh look what I do I don't appear oh my god don't let me forget that carpet's on the floor but I can't read you with her that one that you can pretend that you don't see his there well yeah that's sick it yeah he's got four little types up there he's got his own spot in the I just noted that. I didn't want you to get it because don't you see what it is? It's the pledge of allegiance. It didn't play that way. Are you getting playing? Well, wait a minute. I'm glad you're getting this. The other night when he had on the cults and the witches and whatever the hell it was. Oh, no, he's got satanic bedwitting on. That's the cure. That's when mom comes in and you say the devil made me do it. Yeah, and I don't know what that is. I've been on top of that. I've got self-sacurity for nine or eleven. Yeah, no. Yeah, I know. I'm very proud of self-sacurity. No, no, no. You know what he did to joke? You know what he did to make a joke? He made a joke. He made a joke. No, he did. Well, you know what he did to doctor last night. But you know what he did? He said it really annoyed me. He was talking about how he went to the doctor and the doctor made him wait. And he actually said, you know, I'm not a way to a system construction work. I'm a professional. Yeah, he should have the class of a lot of wages of construction work. Because people are not going to earn this salary. He's got a lot of them there. Well, it's strange to a banner day here at WLOD. We have Tom Jickhand. Of course we have. He's done. The ratings will come down. See, I was right the first time. It's their feeding at 11.45. Well, it's already feeding. Yeah, I don't think that's the right way. It's on. Well, I see it's already a little feeding going on in here. Just a little preliminary activity. The ratings will come down approximately 12.15 to 12.30. So, call all your friends, call everybody in the business, call the dean. Everybody, you know, because everybody's waiting with baited breath. Well, Dean never had the way to raise ratings. No, they were at death. Wow. When I'm on the, no one else needs to be on the, do you believe you're going to have some believe in your income face to face with the dean? So, you know, the people who never had any ratings don't believe in them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Wow. Oh, that's a kind of a holiday. Great. Dean, last long and few of the healthy. Well, he claims he left. He didn't like it there. And he hated the people and he hated the time. Have it a lot to him lately. He had watching my kind of place. He dumped him. Yeah, how famous it happened to him all the time. Yeah. Well, he was here on several different stations. And it just wasn't the right station. You know, if he could just ever find the right to live. And when the numbers come in, I think it's going to have the trends going back a year to like when we first came here. Yeah. And it would be real interesting to compare like these 0.6 they had in many 10 to 34 to the 7 or 8 or 9 or 10 or whatever. Well, he didn't like this. Yeah. We don't like talking to those dummies. We prefer the older people. Those. Sure. Ah, probably Tom. That's Mr. Alan Burmissie. Yeah. Mr. Dean. Nice to meet you. And that, of course, the John Dean's going to be on with Dickie Farple. So that ought to be really going to do these things. All right, we'll pay that celebrity caller in a moment. But first we got some very important business here. It's 1122 in WIOD. A lot of people lie. Amazing part of it though. And spite of what you just said about all the talk stations. There's days and going talk. A lot of talented people not being able to get work. Man. We're talking about. I said talented. He's just a joke. It's just a joke. He is so he's another one. What happened to the show? He's still working on it. I wasn't supposed to be there. I don't know. I don't know. I'm telling you give them some time. You don't do those things overnight. This for a guy who's been out of work for as long as Johnny dark. This man has got more shots in everybody. I mean, it's one thing if you're working and you're doing pretty well. You can take some shots. But when you're like on the breadline, when you're at the soup kitchen and you keep coming into eat free every day, you don't. You're just not in a position to start with your people around. You know what I'm saying? Anyway, so we got about an hour or a little less than an hour to go and we're going to be taking numbers out of a hat like they do over at Birch. Maybe we'll get some celebrity collars on the line. Some really important people we haven't heard from an hour. Yeah. Wow. Anyway, tell me. I have a question for you. Something that's bothered me for a long time. Oh, we got this celebrity yallers today. Like I said, people we haven't heard from in ages. Now, when he, when he suggested everybody run out and see Tom can said, I did it. Okay. When he said, wait a minute. When who suggested? The Tom's best friend. Oh Steve. Yeah. Are you picking on Stephen? I'm not. I'll go ahead. He's not here today. I just want to know what he basis his selections on. The movies he tells the most have got to be some of the worst movies. Well, why are you asking Tom that question? How the hell are they? How the hell are they? No, I just think he's got bad taste. Tom already said he's got bad taste in the friend. So why do you have good taste in movies? Tom, let me ask you about how bad is the movie that comes out of your scene. I haven't seen it. No, and I have no plan. I can't tell you how bad that show was yesterday. Oh, God. Who is this other guy he had on the yesterday? He was ridiculous. Well, he made a good scene like the rocket your brother. This other guy he had on. And close to I swear it looked like Moses in drag man. He looked like he looked like a hundred years old. I can't believe it. And he came in and of course I'm getting a car outside and Steve is telling me, you know, you just ripped you for four hours. You know, that would have made good television. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe he may be a bob can be on the Debbie and Alish of the squeeze him onto the set. Oh, I was like that. That'll definitely be one of those. Yeah, I would imagine it. So yeah, I'm waiting for a day. Hey, what about see a lot? I want to see that right. Can I ask a question? What, what, you don't do movies? I don't do TV. Why are you talking to him about movies? I don't see show. There's always talking about movies. Every time I want Steve's show. No, you're thinking you've got to see all your talking. Bill Cosford, you don't know your ass from your elbow. I've been on Steve's show twice. Why? Because the day what you and once was the day hosted at myself. He thinks you're Bill Cosford. Oh, that's what it is. No, I was so kind that I wouldn't be here. Oh, you are. I just can't believe you. Chronicles one thing, but chronic can confuse law Harvey. You look like finally figured out who's leaving. You're recording my conversation with you. Believe me, I'm on my answer machine. Oh, you did. Somebody's doing that. Yeah, I figured out who it was. Who? You know, earning those my lawn on the weekend. Yeah. And the day he came in for a glass of water. I'm almost sure he got me down my phone. I wouldn't be surprised. I bet you have to stop for missing to be a person. I'm not going to. I've checked out the office. I've seen which way they're hanging on the roller. Two. Yeah. Are you going to read on these numbers if he has to. Oh, believe me. They'll be some of the first to get on the air. Excuse me. It depends on it. I'll tell you what though. He sounds good compared to you know what. You're in a way. Say it Paul. Richard. Dick. Oh. Little Dickie. Little Dickie. He is wide. You got to give him that. Yeah. You're a dancer working with Lee Fowler up there in J&L. Radio for the heart of hearing. Yeah. Okay. Good day. Good day. Oh man. Talk about confused. Do you think he's talking to build cost for it about movies? I don't know where that was coming. And this is supposed to be one of our semi-interesting. I know there's a lebre. That's Paul Harvey June. Why? We used to have a better course as a celebrity. Wow. Well, they're the audience is crumbling. We're a JV. The time's turning today. They'll be there. They'll be down here. They will. And they're up. And they'll be there. They'll be there. That's what they'll be. Yeah. Oh, Jack. And he was the big fan. I know that. And Johnson. They both are. Johnson did a racing. Did you hear that? He called the race to make believe race for the derby or whatever. Which one ever? And he was using all the names of the people here. And instead of horses. And in fact, right on the outside and the bird flying down the middle of the track. I came in second. Yeah. He didn't believe it. I mean, he knew every director. Yeah. I think it's a big in the press box. A giant in the press rack. Yeah. And that's a great area. And that's now. See now you're talking a guy from Michigan, OK? Yeah. Big harness guy. He's going to know what it's all about. And Wally, Mackel, Murray, and Joe Marsh, and Donnie. He knows racing. And it's, you know, what it was really something real. Anyway, it reminds me. Pomp and it was opening tomorrow night. I'm going to do that spot in a couple of minutes. But you'll be up there. Well, I'll be at the drug tomorrow night. No, I'm going to mean tomorrow. But I mean, I can't. You're in the season. Yeah. Yeah. I have a friend. This real. Really. Oh, yeah. He's my, he's the guy he saw to me going to Pomp and I was my neighbor when I first moved in Miami. Absolutely. He had a great meat last year. Parts. And a lot of race. He was my best. My first best friend in Florida. Next to Hank. No, I mean, before I even knew Hank, where I knew Hank. Now, that's saying a lot of thing. Goal burger. One thing about Hank. Goal digger. One thing about Hank, man. He's just about everybody's best. Yeah. Doesn't he? Tell me. Well, you're next. Do I want to take some of these calls? And I have about this. Well, this one might be good. Well, I said no. Oh, you know why? Guess what line it's on. Yeah, I said no. It's on a vocal line. What? How could I ever guess? We haven't mentioned a word about over here. Which direction are they here? I get seven here over here. Who's this? Yeah. As a guy. He's doing. I mean, he's money. I know you talking about GTR. Right. Why forgot about them? Because the music quieted down a little bit. Wow. So the guy, you couldn't hear yourself. Yeah. Boy, we better pray. Especially with your own kipper coming up a couple days. We better pray that GTR goes up a little bit because why is it just not a happy camera being in line? He was not a had right friend. But it's not. Well, I think not. Well, I think if he knows numbers right away when they come in. It's made it a monkey. And the 18 to 34 male numbers, I sure hope we get those in today. Because you were right. No, seriously, we were right on the edge of midday of going ahead of GTR in 18 to 34 men. Now that would be embarrassing for that. That's why I'm in charge of you. Yeah. Maybe that's why they're trying to get an up a little bit of time to get some numbers. It's really difficult. Maybe they try to bleed into here and helps you bleed into that. Like, we haven't. Well, they're already bleeding. I saw their numbers. But you haven't said anything about seven. We've talked about every, you even mentioned Channel six, which is pretty amazing. Not a word about seven. They're doing well now. They're trying to sell this show TV news. There would be like cops, but with a TV news show. I'd Rick Mancha as apparently he's going to be the star of this thing. I mean, it was incredible. I was going to take the dog out the other night and I went to the window and I looked in there was Rick Sanchez was peering in my window. Yeah. And the camera's in the van was out there and I couldn't believe it. Well, they're going to do it. They got a new show that they've also got in the works called America's Unknown Mysteries. And what it is is that you call up and you squeal on your neighbors and then they're on them and they catch you. Excellent. And you know, they give you a little bit of a neighborhood. Yeah. Tom, have you seen the crime watch show? They put on in place of bitter one of the toughest. Yeah, 730. Have you ever saw a boy? Yeah. Holy, to leader. Oh, you got, well, that's, you know, they'll just keep putting these things running until they all burn themselves. Oh, they must be about 10 of them now. You know, crime watch, crime and look at the crime be to a credible thing. We got cop, cop, talk isn't there one of them really? Yeah, they're like, I'm sending them. I think Sunday and Sunday and Sunday grow. So, it does. It cop, talk. Charapama, other on for a while. And between that and the current affair and inside report, inside story and outside, in that story. He can put John talk. John talk, this, and that, and all the little load for Tom there is anything subversive. And he, well, it could be significant. Yeah, it might be. Yeah. It could be, oh, my goodness. You want to go call him during the break. I'm going to do a break now. Okay, guys, you can go right in there. Yeah. All right. And you got to call for off the year after I do my spot. Okay, it's waiting for you. For me. That line. Oh, listen, we got things really cooking out. Okay. This time he's on it. I have a major news break. Okay, yeah. Okay, everybody hold onto your seats now. Especially if you're close to the floor like Bob Mayer. Yeah. I like Bob. He's a nice guy. Which is for little stories. Anyway, this Saturday night, that's tomorrow night. The gate's open and the brand is season of Great Harness Racing at Pump Thetopark. John would like it up there even though he doesn't care about the racing because he loves free meals. Hmm. Or are we back? Wow, that was, that's right. It's a short break. Okay. You're going to have to stay goodbye to a missing there on the phone. I got a run. She'll tell her goodbye. Good to hear from you. Goodbye. Bye. Bye, bye. Okay. I'll take you by. Okay. All right. No, no, no, no, no. The speaker's not available at the moment. Really? But they just called you. Yeah, but now they're in a meeting. Oh. What you already said where it was. You don't have to give me. He's he's mouthing like you already said channel four. Oh, did I? Yeah. Oh, yeah. You got the message. Yeah. Cool. You said the global, but you said channel four. Yeah. What's that global, but it's the person who will call me is now meeting me. It's the him and bull in a dog named something. Yeah. Hammering. Oh, that really frost my ass a little bit. So he's going to be a denial. All right. How they're going to deny? Well, he's gone. His desk is cleaned out. Well, it's that we can trust that call. Oh, yeah. Believe me. Hamburg should call us. He's called it in on the show. Oh, that would be tacky. I wish he would. I mean, I love to talk to him, but he's I think he would feel uncomfortable. I don't know. I don't know. But I love to have money here. Yeah. But I just don't feel he's the kind of guy would want to do that. Maybe he is. I have no idea what his relationship is over there. I'd sure love to have him in here. If he would want to do that. He called about the DN album. I heard that. Yeah. He was just obsessed and he ran right out and bought it. And, um, or can I say really? It's a shame. It was a guy's good. I don't get it. I just. I'm one of the problems in this in this market and in a business in general, but especially in this market, if you're good boy, you've got a problem. Yeah. That's why I've been able to stay on till long. Let me do. Yeah. You were actually the living proof. Yeah. Well, look at Ricky Tickey. There you are. Can I read Richard? What? Oh. Did Johnny. Well, well, not bad enough. Yeah. He is working on being bad though. I'm trust me. I only want to know that WIOD, so we covered all of TV stations that count, right? We just count two was even here filming, taping or whatever that was all about. Aping. Cosplay did not show by the way. Although it was interesting that Paul Harvey Jr. didn't call in with some movie questions just in case he had shown out that would have been cut. And you ripped Steve pretty good, you ripped Dickie Farple in the ass, we covered WOLD. Haven't discussed much about FM. There's nothing to say is there. No, a lot. I mean, we talked about how 105 and I don't understand what they mean. I see here's a big fan of how 105. I don't understand. No, I just said that EDR is climbing that they had some dirty tricks going. Yeah. Paul, and I heard something yesterday about how 105 night, again, it's just a rumor. Yeah, and they used to say this about my throw, too. So I'm very reluctant to buy into these things. But somebody was telling me that they're having a great deal of difficulty selling time. Even with the big numbers they've gone. And because they're perceived as a black station and they don't feel the right arm. Well, no, they're trying to get into normal audiences and pick up a lot of black listeners as part of that audience. But they're trying to be like a mainstream station and they're being perceived as an ethnic station. And they're not having success in selling mainstream advertising. Now that's again what I was told. After a day of a system, everybody's not confirmed either. I was able to confirm this dirty tricks thing either, but they brought a spot to the, and he listened to the station. I don't know why that would be though because black music has always been kind of on the cutting edge of what would become main. But it's a good place. This isn't black music that's like, I don't know what it is. I can't describe it for you. Well, it's not heavy. You have to have Mr. Know it all over here. It's just that it's just tremendous and it's marvelous. There is nobody else I talked to who has anything good to say about their music. Okay, because basically I don't hang, you know, I don't know who those people are who listen to that stuff. But do they play like Paula Abdul and Janet Jackson and all the big hits? No, they play Karim Abdul Jafar. After six, though, it's unbelievable. Yeah. So I'm not saying that. And power is strictly still doing their ethnic thing in spite of all their protestation and I know Tanner and Cox are listening right now. Yeah, they go on heavy for the light and nobody. I mean, that's their whole thing. But again, it's probably good business in this market. And Zayn is still on the air, which has got to be one of the most important. Yeah, talking about over there, Tom over there. I Zayn is still on the air. Oh, yeah. They're still on the air, barely. Oh, yeah. They're doing something this week about kids, they're talking to parents of kids who kill themselves or kill each other with guns or nothing like that. One of the kids who shot the radio, I said, maybe that we're listening to any of them. But that's what they're doing. They are still on the air, though. Yeah, but you see, they're where they want to be near, they want those one, four, and one, five. That's what I want to have. The five, they had to worry about Billy, a lot of problems like that. On the public. On the public. On the public. People and the whole thing. Yeah, it's a favor, it's easy to go for sure. I mean, taxes and you got to have accounts to account the money. They want to quiet. They want to quiet. Oh, but seriously, can you believe? I mean, I know what the answer is, but can anybody believe the bulger and Mark Tune are still the program directors of those two stations. And stations that have had such phenomenal failure the last year or two that it's just, it's mind-boggled. What you think of where they were a few years ago when they had their doing talk when you were over there. And on the FN, they had I-95. Yeah, when they were doing almost, or I'm going to say that, but in the eighths, combined, maybe even more than all of them. And now, combined, what are they doing? They're making some serious money. Yeah, they're doing. And now, that's what they wanted. They said that they didn't want. And today they have this mentality that no matter what they put on, except when they were doing all news, which they loved all news, even other hand. See, way, way back they had big numbers with all those huge numbers for a while, but then all news peed it out. It wore its course. And no matter what they put on after that, they couldn't be exclusive as we can't sell it. No matter what it was, we can't sell it on the AM. And how long can you keep saying that? They couldn't sell me. They couldn't sell Stan. They couldn't sell Jay Michaels. They couldn't sell Lies. They couldn't sell Lies. They couldn't sell my time. They'd be able to get different sales. But wow, there you go. Maybe maybe some different man. Wasn't Norman Kent? You know, Norman Kent. When he opened it for one? No, Larry Kent. Larry Kent, right? Norman and Park was over there for a little while. Yeah. I can't remember. I can't remember that. Yeah, right. That's what he took away what I mean. I don't understand. These are very strange market. I just continued to tell you. No matter what anybody says, the music on FM and this market for a major market is so pathetic. Yeah. Now, I don't know. It's like in Dallas. When you go to Orlando and it got an A.R. station 96.5. I don't know the callers. That puts anything here to shame. Oh, gee, I shouldn't have said that. And they got an old East Asian cool in Orlando, which is outstanding. The cool and Phoenix tut is your fixed station. Well, no, I'm just like, okay. Yeah, this is what this is. So, regardless of what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, what the Phoenix is one of the best early stations in the country. Yeah. Really is. So, why? Why is it half to be that way? It's so frustrating. Now, you get most new radios in your car. You have 12 FM free. But you have nobody with any guts here. And you can punch in and punch in and punch in and finally you say, I'm just going to slap and taper a CD. And then I can't take this anymore. They all try to use. Somebody does something he has, he has a, a, some success with it. And then 14 other stations are copying it because then I'm doing anything what they have. And then I just split the, oh. He was doing five and six and everybody started copying and seeing how they were doing one-and-a-half. But I gave up trying to make any sense out of Zader and wins. When they hit a hero, Isaac Sikthas was throwing up their one. When this guy next door here, every time a big record comes down, it's like number one on the AOR charts. He won't play it. Like the Dian thing, and the Roy Orbison record. And then what was the other one here recently? There was another one here in the last month or two. And he just won't play it. Or anybody can play music, people want to. He's going to find his way out. I don't think that's a point. What imagination is that? You're right. If you know the people like it, what do you need a program to direct it to play a hit for? That's an excellent point. I'm going to remember that when the spike comes in here. Oh, no. We hope they do very, very well next door. Not that we like them all that much, but especially since they've been through the had a hit in the hallway. Yeah. And also to make everybody a lot more money and keep everybody a little bit calmer. Yeah. But I don't get it. I don't understand why FM I travel all over the country. And you can go even to medium markets and hear much, much better FM. And you don't have to keep bread. And I have to be as a care as brutal. Awful. It is not a station that used to be decent just iron anymore. In fact, I'll tell you at one time was a great station. I'll tell you like FTL is a good example. For AM stations that also sound like you're in two eggs before in Pahoki. Like FTL is a good example. I mean, that sounds like a minor market radio station. Like a little league radio station. Or a signal not too terrific. Yeah, I forget about if they had 50,000 watts. Would it sound better? Yeah. Same. Really, just marginal, middle higher. Yeah. Really, middle league minor market sound station. Too many stations. And now you tell me there's a new station. Really, a lot more. Really, a lot more. I'm worried about three or four more AM stations in the arms. On where? In English? Well, doing what? What kind of power? 50,000 watts. 50,000 watts. Yeah. Now what's the station on 6070? What the hell is that all about? WFV. I mean, WWFV. No, it would not be nice if you hit it. We don't work for it. Perfect. Wait a minute. Okay. I thought I need to hear that all the audience can relate to you. You're babbling in the background. WFV. Well, I mean, you can't talk for half hour without a minute. I don't like. Okay. He still see he feels that he knows something about this business. And believe me, he doesn't. I don't care what he tells you. Explain this. WWFV. 50,000 watts. That's Spanish speaking. Reyes. Just what we need is another spot. Yeah, there's only 10. Do you have any idea how far a station on 6070, 50,000 watts gets out? You can hear them like a table in Jacksonville. Okay. And do we really need a Spanish speaking station? They can be running. What we're trying to do is get a station going away to Union New Jersey. Yeah. There's a lot of the human, the Maryel people went up to Union New Jersey. So my point is that they're wasting a lot of power. They could be running a thousand watts and cover south Florida's fine. That's all. The other stations that are coming on those is all the clear channel frequency. For a year, like 80, 80, I know. I know. And 10, 30. And like I think 11 something or other. 11, not three or four more big ones coming. And they're probably all going to be a Spanish. Oh my god. I kept hearing about this assimilation and pretty soon we wouldn't have all these Spanish language stations. And pasted you time that would all go away. Remember all the happy start you with your. I still say to all the other all the ethnic stations and have their own book for a very old. Yeah. And just have a book for English language, you know, non ethnic stations. I agree entirely with that. I don't see words. Oh, yeah. It is because. I mean look. I mean, we do that. Well, I want to try to put it in perspective. You realize in date County that we have right off the bat 50 percent or pretty close to 50 percent of the potential population in date county. Well, not going to listen to an English language station, okay. Exactly. Because an awful lot of them don't understand it. And a lot of them listen to the Spanish language because that's what they want to hear. Whatever the reason. If 50 percent of the county is gone. So how to how do we possibly do these numbers that we do. You know, if that was all taken out of there, then you see the whole thing in better perspective. Yeah, because I don't think you're really competing for the same audience. I mean, it's almost like baseball and football. It's like comparing what a baseball team does the way football team does. It's just a different game. Well, that's what we would be there. I don't know why that it would benefit them too because then numbers would go up in their own. Oh, you're that. Absolutely. And it would no question about it. The hell was to do. To say, oh, yeah. The hell was to do. Oh, he's going. Oh, he's just come down. Let's leave this head of stuff for picking up our whole thing. Well, hey, we don't want to take any of his topics away. I'm speaking of that. We have been very remiss today at two this afternoon, filling in for a sea, who's out there looking for a job. But what is what is the you doing today? And if they know that nobody's got a baseball card. Thanks a lot more and down my mind. Maybe that's it. Maybe he's got a baseball card. I don't know what he's putting them all in nice little flat anyway. The thing will be here this afternoon. And we're going to know what he's doing. No one else needs to be on. Mr. suspenders and they're all the hangings that in the shame that the dean will be on because if you look back in the book, the dean is invisible. He's like Ray Malay, the dean of the invisible man. He's a good friend of Wild. The dean's been actually having a good sense of humor. We're giving him an action. I hope that that'll stop the calls to Disney for a while. Anyway, two to two, 30 is open phones. Two, 30 to fourth, 30. We talk about censorship and the meat. And they got in out of hand at the TV network. Fundamental is towered Chromey. It's that out of the last about ten minutes. Talks to Chris Haasford from the software to coalition against censorship. And it's 5 p.m. Laura Van Wormer who's one of those soap opera people. Calls to tell us the real sexy lively and steamy dirt on almost everyone in the world of TV news. Is that the dean? With the dean. TV news followed by Hank Gold digger on sports talk. Oh my gosh, he's working right on the eve of your on kipper. I'm happy. Well, it's close to not for me. And then the dean far fold the night when he or favorites. And the special segment tonight between eight thirty and nine o'clock actress Suzanne Summers calls in to discuss the perils of bed wedding. And then it now. What do you like and dislike about social security? You're your school. Your name. Well, I'll let it say that from ten to nine. And then not. And then not. Look at that. Look at the boy Gary just goes out of their breath list. He doesn't know whether to scream or out of banana. So what they all could I do? I tried to put this big time talent on there and he just won't give me a chance. Well, we've given you a week and trust me. It's not getting any better. Anyway, it's 11.50. Well, I'm W.I.O.D. Citywide insurance agencies want to make sure you know that the new four to law requiring minimum liability current is now. Okay, so 11.50 five. W.I.D. Russian out of the control room. We've got a fly boy this man has got a gigantic flag. I can see the way he's just a burling in here. Tom, do we have a we have a vehement denial from Channel for all. All right, here's the story. Whoever said they're claiming that that was a dirty trick by someone. And 10 and they said that they have never talked to Mike Snyder as I suspected. They have never talked to Glenn Rank if they have talked to John Palmer. Yeah, and the reason they're talking to John Palmer is because Hamburg has told them that under the circumstances he would like to leave. And as they find under what's the well, the whole thing how they got him twisted in the win. I mean, they didn't put it that way. So then how can they deny it? Well, but Hamburg is there his office is not cleared out. He had a day off yesterday. He will be on the internet. That's the official way was on the last night. They did a day off. Well, I saw him last night with my own poor. Well, then maybe they're lying about everything. He wasn't. Well, I don't know them whatever, but that's that's the work. And I got it from someone that I trust and they said that they suspected that was a dirty trick by someone at one of the other stage. They admitted they are talking to Palmer. Yeah, that's been in USA. Yeah, and so it's also been in the for a lot of the on those Glenn. Well, I just didn't get that. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. It's the way to help on there and you'll be able to buy sent it. It was in the National Enquirer. I'm sure. Yeah, and the star and the tamper tool. Okay, Mr. Smartie. But anyway, that's it. They are talking to the purple signal. Oh, yeah. Well, that's an interesting thing. John Palmer, you know, the guy is. What? He's a, he's like 56, 57 years old. Tom and I was doing weekends at Palm Beach with that. Palm Beach. That's the bonus for talking about the 50th market. And the kind of I understand John, first of all, John Palmer is not all I'm exciting to begin with. I've said you who's on the W.O.L.R. Now, doing the news are used to be on the, uh, steam years. Morning show. What is his name? Oh, yeah. I'm not that good. I like the, I like the news better before when what's your name was on there. Sarah, cashler or whatever. And he'll remember the name was. He'll remember the name. Certainly. Certainly. She was good. She makes good. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody can be thoroughly. Nobody doesn't like thoroughly. Yeah. That's true. Anyway, let's do that. That's the word. Handbrake's where they have four. I think it's got there for a while, but he's leaving. Yeah. And it's very unfortunate. So they can say that it's, you know, maybe it wasn't dirty. Tricked to try to give them a little stilt on the side. But the bottom line is they've tried to replace them. Yeah. I didn't think that's the thing. Yeah. The Schneider thing never made me. Well, it's hope not. Yeah. Because he does. He looks like from the Boris Carlisle of Skler to Brookhead. He's got that real white pastey complexion. It looks like you're, you know, everybody else has got like a normal skin color. And he's white. It's, in first of all, you know, like I said, he's got a, in a much better position now at ABC. He's got national exposure. He's got a kiss to ground. Yeah. And that's a little bit. And that is not good. And the other thing is any station that brought Mike Schneider back would have to live with what he did on the way out. And you know, I would be the, I'd guarantee I would write, there would be no problem. I have to calm. Yeah. I mean, there would be, like, like, if I were to leave Zayton, go to W. I would do. There'd be no credibility. And all the things I said about Disney, out in the management, he has cars. Well, be no credibility. But I mean, for those people that I know Mike Schneider used to be on Channel 10 and he left about three, four or five years ago. And when he left, he said the reasoning was leaving what this was in a fit place to raise his children. And, you know, he was running to the right. Yeah. And he was closing the yard. He was really, I mean, he went to New York to live in the subway. And he really just dumped all over the area. And, you know, he happened to live in an area where there was virtually crime proof. I mean, he was down there and one of those rich, the subdivisions down in the, the Nutler, a not color rich, near Sagab, Sagab, over by old friends and talking about chieverning ID. He's like losing it. No, he was, another way, he lived in one of these real richly sub-developments that all kinds of security. Yeah. It was just, when you're trying to stay as he was for a crap, you know, you're trying to stay as he was and he was going for the big bucks, but he wanted to try to be a prima donna and be holier than now. So if he tried to come back with his tail between his legs now, he'd have no credibility. And the station would have to deal with that. So that would be like the Dean saying he didn't like the people in Philly, and he hated it there and coming back here with his beer beer. That's right. And he'll be here at two this afternoon and just to don't forget it. Okay, we got the Chuck Meyer standing by old Chuck E. Meyer with the big noon W. I. O. D. News, Tom Jicka, the radio and TV editor, the four waterdale news and Sutton Sentinel is here. It caused a more trouble than usual. And in this coming hour now, not only is Arnold coming with more food, but the numbers. Yes, are coming this hour. So everybody's breath your cells in. W-I-O-D. Lay in. Fourth waterdale. Talks for tonight on Sports Talk. Beginning at 6th on news talk radio 6th. W-I-O-D. News talk radio 6th. W-I-O-D presents. Neolusures. To get in touch in talk, call 751-W-I-O-D in days. 5-2-4. W-I-O-D and Roller. Or 655 and 278. W-I-O-D in the Palm Beach. Other areas may call Colette. The opinions expressed by the host guest store callers are not necessarily those of the stations. Now, here's Neolusures. On news talk radio 6th and W-I-O-D. All right, now, we can throw your cells. No, we're not playing spots for one the air. Everybody just calm down a little bit. We're a big right in. Take care of your stuff there. Mike's in here for 20 or 30, no problem. Look at that. We got BLTs. Wayne just went crazy today. Thank you so much Wayne for Marnell's role. Thanks Wayne for Marnell's role, Castle. For just making this really dessert in Pupi. I don't remember. Where's the locate right off the I-95? But 125. Okay. Just a block off the expressway. It's easy on and off. And they say, yeah. Okay, 12-06 times. Just because here they book you've been during these. Next to 20 minutes or so, the numbers for the summer, both the arbitron numbers are becoming in. I'm going to take a while. Why? Why? Let me say it again in the next 20 or 30 minutes. They will be coming in. I don't think so. He just came in here and told us. Who told you that? Right there. Boy Gary and Bill Wise. He just came in here and said in the next 30 minutes. Who? Boy Gary. What did he tell you? He's going to take a while. We know why Bill Wise is kicking the plug out every two minutes. You don't understand. You see, you just refused the manual. Listen to anything I say. I'm saying what they said. They're starting at $0.45, okay? And because it's a whole book, and there's that much information coming up, it's going to take about 30 to 45 minutes. So about 12, 30, which is 22 minutes and 40 seconds from now with, it'll probably be coming Give her take a couple minutes. Are you stealing from Chess? Are you stealing Chess? Are you stealing Chess? Oh, you can't do that well at all. I wouldn't make that sound again if I were you because people started to talk. Anyway, so did we take care of you? Boy, I think it's wrong to say anything. Well, I can't chew an eat. Come on, I can't do it. I can't do it. I bad radio, but you can do it. That's right. What I'm doing out? Are you going to eat some of these because if you don't, I'm going to be I'm going to be really pure. Yeah. I've been thinking all about what's on the year. This is that little special time of day on the show every day. I'm writing the car and listening to you people doing this and going, God, they never did that when I was there. Well, we are today, okay? Yeah. Believe me. And I was really hoping it would be Arnold that would come in. Yeah, we're here. We are here. Well, we love him and Bernardette, they've been great to us. The best. Boy, you almost can't even find the role of so much stuff on this movie. Boy, who are you? Did they actually sell these? Yes, double bacon, nearly. Boy, double nearly burgers. Jesus, they're surprised that they don't have any camera jam. The hot plane realized, not, yeah. And I'm going to become a Bruinspan part time because they got a player named Nielie. I'm a Jersey Devil fan. I got them at 25 to 1 in Vegas. So I took a small piece of the action on the Devil's. By the way, I got to say the two comedy defense. The Wild used messed up. I know that's a new role. Might be a lot. I've actually got the same live spot. I was so moved one to the next hour. Okay, just amazing. How big are your pardon? I have a Devil's got to do that. Well, a lot. He done. Okay. All right, you want to take somebody's calls now. For now, we've covered all the big. You know, they were talking about getting a hockey team here in Miami. No, oh, yeah. What would happen if they had a hockey team? The Devil's came in with the two Russian defensemen. Would they let him play in the Miami arena? No. Well, I mean, there you are. Nobody's in the... Proposed. You know, old kidding. No, they're actually talking about bringing a hockey team. That a hockey is in Florida. I think you were on. You do? Yeah, I do. I think hockey would do as well as the heat. Well, maybe. But they're not having to give up this job to broadcast it. Yeah. Did you ever do hockey before? Yeah. The best. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Which team you do? Rochester. I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... Yeah. Now, Tom, yeah. If we talked about this on this show, so if Neil did play by play on Miami, Hurricane Baseball, just type of that a call. Yeah, I mean, I think Neil should be doing play by play. Don't you think I should be color? Well, being the big baseball expert that you are, I mean... Don't you think I should be a different type of broadcast. Yeah, you could sit down and snorkel for three hours. That's what he says. He says he's game over. You know, when when it is in it? We only play five sets in 10. That's why they play nine innings. Yeah. Yeah. Which you're at a new dimension to it, exactly. Until Fraser came up and physically removed him from the show. It's ten minutes past noon in WID. The numbers will be entirely in spite of what some of the people are trying to, you know, some of that. Travelmakers who wander the halls looking for problems during the news break. So, they will be in momentarily. And he walked up to me and said, It's going to take a while. Well, so what does that mean? That's all he said. He was more specific in here, okay? I know he'd been in here. I was just telling you what while I was telling you that as you were giving me your usual snarling, rotten, crappy attitude. Well, you should write a column about putting up with this graph every day. Boy, you think you got problems. Anyway, Toyota of Hollywood, I'm not going to give those other until it gets to her. I sure can, but you know, you have to consider the story. Hey, you're very welcome. We're very happy and active for all. Okay, it's 1214 at WID. Thank you so much, John. I'll give you a carried away there. And the magic moment is coming any second now. Well, we're sure going to have to clean this mess up before the Dean, Oh, and boy, absolutely. For the Dean, the first of all. Oh, oh, oh. What kind of a big star is there a set away? We know how far that we go. By the way, are you eating all of the BLTs? No, by the way, do you like that? No, I'm more than half a wanders. What, what did you have? Do you want to have? No. Stay sure. No, thank you. Because we're sitting in front of your face. No, I want to be a cue. Hold on, sit down. Well, I don't want to overdo today. Because yesterday, well, I just went crazy in here. What do you mean? Back in those days. When, oh, real radio. We used to read poetry on the end. I thought it was on. Well, of course, it was on tape because I had better things to do. Like, sleep. I'm going to like, meet a listen to my point. I'll do a review of my audience. I spent most of my time sleeping. Well, okay, 12 or 13. I'm not 14, man. I'm telling you, why don't you write them to me? I'm going to give you some of the TV stations. Don't want to miss a bet. They're going to have that camera. It's a view. When we bet, it's an hallway late at night. You say passion, a hallway. I'm curious about that. Is he going to come in here while we're still here? I don't think you're going to do a rest of it? Oh, Nick just loves the dean. Nick is, oh, he does. He's obsessed with me. Are we going to do a crossover? Not a lesson. No. Like, standing in there, Mikey, do a walkover. Another, it's step over the body in the hallway. No, Alan, it's just a joke. I don't get all emotional now. It's just, he's all right in his own bizarre. We know how Alan, Alan, Debbie yesterday when she was going to bring in those sugar cookies again. I think he got his women mixed up. Certainly, Debbie doesn't look like standing. Well, Alan's head is woman mixed up for a long time. But that's enough. He's got those doors. Okay, it's 12.15. Oh, here's somebody who wants to rip. Wait a minute. Is that something important? No. Something a little thing that Nick, are we already got one of those? I'm not going to promote that kind of crap on here. Anyway, Steve was one of these appearances. Steve is appearing so much he doesn't have time to sleep anymore. Banner with the best. Huh? Thursday October 12th at the JCC. What is that? The Jewish community college? I guess. Oh, it is. I was just kidding. I was just making it up. The Jewish community set around sunrise, both of our plantations. 750 per person. And the banter with Steve. I like what they do that when they can listen to him for free every day. But I hope he made that on a mic. He'd be on the block. He's going to sit at a table and try and open it. I'll try to do it. I'll do it. More power to him. More power to him. I'm all for the talent in this business. Down with management. And up with talent. Okay. All right. We'll say this. I hate to say it while you're here. But they've been really nice to me here. I know that sounds frightening. But I'm not surprised on. Beyond your wine. I've taken some shots. And beyond your wine. I wild as dreams. I'm not surprised. I hate to say that because you know. It's froze the image of the whole show. But they've really been great. Our role. I have to leave it open. You know. Because otherwise, they start expecting you to know every now and then about what's good and bad. Here's a caller to rip Mr. Jicken. Oh. I hate Tom Jicken. Really? Yes. Well, please go right ahead, sir. He's here. He's ready for you. Yes. I don't know. See, from the angle. Yeah. He's your best friend too. I can tell you not my best friend. He's a friend. Next to Dick Farrell. He's his best friend. Yeah. Like you, right? So what's your problem? You got a material already? No, we got a lot of this at Whiteman. He was just trying to be a young provocative tour. Here's a hot 105 spy are you there? Yes, I am. Great. I know. This morning I had an unusual experience. I had to take two high school kids to school. And the first thing they did in the car was put on hot 105. Something called the work in Mindy Show or something like that. I mean, Marron, Mindy, Mark and Marron. This was about the earliest video. Really have ever heard. I mean, this makes it how it's turned sound like a fire boy. Talking about all kinds of, you know, wet under drawers while slow dance and really. Really, honest stuff. So now. I'm a, some of the called Dicky Farple tonight. I mean, really, this, if the kids are listening to that station, I think there's more to it than the music. I mean, this was just fat type driving the work after that for about a half hour. I couldn't take turn the station off. I couldn't believe it. Well, I'm here. All right, you know, Johnny Darken, I was nothing about the business. So they don't have kids listening. I guarantee them. That next to power ninety six, and they may even beat them in teens. I guarantee they're either number one or number two in teens in a market. Okay. Right. But Johnny Darken, they don't have kids listening. It's the number one. What do you think is listening to that station, Mr. Dark, Dark? Adults? It's the ice-clad team's audience. Yeah. Since the evening left time, I've had nowhere else to go. Let's hear adults. The team's talking about over a hundred. Okay. Okay. Thanks for your report. Okay. You are. I'm telling you, the man is so full of it. Adults are listening to the guy. Yeah. Good. Well, we'll see when the number will come in. I guarantee that the biggest chunk of their audience in the morning is teenagers. But, you know, you don't ever see the books through you. Well, how do you just pick these things out of the air? We get the numbers. I mean, very glad they showed them to you. Although, I'm not so sure you don't understand them. But I mean, they do come in and blacken white. They're all there. They have to see enormous teeny bumper audience. All the kids listen to hot. And I do agree that at night they have even more of these. They're wrapped up wrap crap people listening to all that junk. They play. I said they're probably number two to power or maybe even number one. And while hundreds in there, those three stations are virtually all the teens in the market. Yeah. What? What? Hey, wow. Just barely head of hours. I'm not touching that line with the 10 foot points. 20 past. No. W-I-O-D. Tom Jick is here. Johnny Dark is here eating again. Which is just incredible. Look at this. He's putting all he puts the condom and stun. You know, Jay is looking at he squeezing out ketchup on the little Arnold's burgers and he's going to put them in the sauce on there, the man went to put that on the beans. Yeah. Squeeze some of that on the chair before the bean comes in. Because that'll really spice up the show. Okay. Let's do a little break now. And this is quite a day in W-I-O-D history and you're a part of it. So, Aaron is right for right. I-I-O-D has his own TV show now. No. Yes, I'm, um, where's the call? It's on the big county cable system. It's him and some guy named Narely. Did you take care of you talking about local access television? Is that, I guess that's it. Wow. Yeah, I watched the few minutes of it. Did you? Anybody who walks in the studio can get that. They sit there and talk sports and stuff and, uh, There's no commercials, right? No. I don't like that. I don't like to do commercials. I don't like that. I only watched him for a couple minutes. Hey, Tom, I got a question for you. Yeah. I mentioned Palm Beach Station. How does a guy like that support to cast our channel by today there? Um, I'm not that familiar with this. I'm still living in Miami. Anyone got a house in Broward. They like to sell. Anyway, but I mean, I'm still living in Miami. We're looking all the time. So I don't see that much of Palm Beach teller. Guys, name's Murphy. He's got, he's got this with Constant Act and, and he doesn't know he called hockey. He likes to cube today. Yeah. There's no the names. They talk about hockey. I was watching channel 6 last night and they do this foolishness when I got their new sports guy and he's posing with the sunset high cheerlead. It isn't. It's a bit about four minutes still in that. An opening night of the hockey season. He doesn't even mention that it happened. No score has no nothing. Great. Typical. One other question for your time. Well, or not, you guys. You guys are mentioned in high US some stations with like these series like that. One out in Phoenix. I mean, I would talk about some people. Where exactly do you mean by that? I mean, what can they do differently? I mean, they just play the music, right? Is that it? I don't like pornography. You know, you can get hard to identify, but you know it when you see it. And the stations here. Like, you listen to that cool and Phoenix and the chaos one or one in LA. Those are just, they just really sound good there. Music, play a list is good. Oh, yeah. For example, you can tell like if you're driving in the car for a long time for an hour or something. And you punch up a station and you don't have to keep punching the button. When you listen to magic for example or waxy, you have to keep punching it out and punch it out. We did well because they played crampy music. But the numbers just came in here. So hold on tight. I'll feel it. Bye. You don't know your ask from your elbow, okay? Here are the numbers ladies and gentlemen. Double-dedad at the door. Just a minute now. What do you have? A trumpet spell out here. I'll be stuck those in the in racks. You need to over here to me. Who knows? Brogger's got so much stuff here man. Oh, yeah, he did. See, I know he's the way his sick mind works. Just a moment now. Have you got some time? Me? All right. Here we go. Well, I was right about one thing. Number one. This is Monday through Sunday. Six A.M. to mid-9, 12 plus. Down from a nine. But still number one with an eight three. Hot 105. But down almost a point. Mystery dark. You know what I'm saying? Number two. Hi, Greg. Jerry. Oh, hi, hi, hi. Number two. Who would I down from an eight seven to a seven four? And this one doesn't even really count. W. Life. Yeah. Okay. So I wouldn't at least some people died over the summertime. Number three. Up from a four seven to a five one. W. I. Oh, number three. And if you take out light. That means we're number two because nobody counts. Number four. No. Speak it in English. W. Q. B. A. From a four four up to a five. By the way, let me see. Okay. So this goes all the way back to the summer of 88. So we're going to be a dean coming today. We can compare what our numbers come up. We can compare last summer to the summer. What would that be a lot of fun? Okay. Number five. From a five down to a four four. I bet Cox won't be calling back. Power for the four four. Okay. Now is that interesting in summer? When you think that they should hot at it. How would do better? But they didn't. They should because they're more kids here in London. You'll have all the data. Listen. Yeah. And we did better. Yeah. That's actually. Number six. Yeah. Wrong one. I've heard it. Down from a five one to a four one. Did I also predict this? That's the one magic. Did they look at that? A full point drop to a four. Oh, he's happy about it. That's a four. How? Followed by WCMQ, which is in those beginning glazes. But I don't even know what that is. That is music. Stage AMQ. I've been. Three nine to four. Followed by. Oh, it's still there. Down from a four seven to a three. Why? One hundred. Whoo. Oh, I have to fire another program director. Yeah. You fire super day. What's going to happen? Yeah. We did that last break, didn't we? We're okay, right? I'm getting lost. All right. Oh, my god Dennis has done it again. He pulled one out of his head. He pulled that rabbit out. Up from a two five to a three six. W. Oh, the. Right. Right. I think. Wait until those demographics come in a little bit later on from the west coast. But boy, I'm sure they're going to say we've turned the corner. Yeah. They got it now. Yeah. And Bishop's bottle. Right. And she's the second out. This calls for something very special because they're really doing it. Okay. So a three six. That is. You got to give him credit where it's, I mean, that's almost the third. I don't know if they had a four. And the demo is going to be different. All right. Okay. Well, let's. You don't have to. How long is that going on? I wonder. I think it's an endless list. All right. We've. What you relaxed life was down. I was I gave that if you were paying attention, but as you enjoyed your busy filling your family. What your blood pressure goes up high enough, it plugs up your ears and you can't hear. Followed by. Wacky, radio a mom V from a 3 8 to a 3 5. Joy stayed flat with a 3 4 followed by kiss from a 3 2 to a 3 3. W. Y. N. D. Ladies and gentlemen from a 3 2. I'm going to go to the end of this in time. Pretty unlikely isn't it with all this? Oh, geez. It's always hit a funny. Well, we go. We have a car for every station in the market. Kick it at with 50. I'm going to rock our all over South Florida from the keys to the Palm beaches. Even out to the bottom. This is W. Y. And on they get from the home of a 3 2 2 2 2 2 2. We're going to go to the home of a 3 2 3. Oh, where's all the data that I'm going to save it? I'm so happy from a. Oh, my. Oh, my. I don't know if we should talk about the. Better put your seat belt on. Wait a minute. Just a minute now. Yeah, exactly. Devon, everything about. Yeah. A minute. I want to mine. Try to get up and. Down. I don't know. Here. Bye. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Who. We're going to the. Race of place. We're going to. We have one of them hiding. Yeah. Do you think so? Yeah. We have a car. We're going to be. We've been in the world of getting right. We've got the first car. We've got the first car. We've got the first car. All right. Now it's double time. Ha ha. The fire. And. Down. With a three. To a two nine. T. T. Oh. Oh. Holding right along. Two four up to a two nine. You're at monkey. Oh. Did you hear what I just said? Oh. She was an up. One. Two five. Two eight two nine. Two ladies and two. We need the. First time in history. All. It's. Never have. Oh. Bill. Not being a good. No. I think they're going to be some. Really amazing. Sounds. Coming from this building. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Black CFM. Three out of. We'll wait. You hear that. That's our lowest number. WEDR. This is going to shock you from a one four to two seven. Wow. That double. And the big jump. Which goes back up even beyond in the winter. They had a two five. So they've gotten back a good chunk of that audience. WKBA FM super cue to a two seven to two six. Zeta. It is. Cocking ladies and gentlemen. Sounds like I'm a broker too. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh. One seven to a two five. Oh. They got you out of there. That's four. How about a two four. That's three. One seven to a five. Well, that's my last number. They had a two four. That's a must. Well, we were there. It is a monster number for them. And maybe if they continue with no commercials, they can continue. Just building like a giant. WTAMI from a two to an intellectual two three. WXDJ for a one seven. They stayed flat for WEDT. WFT. WFT. From a one four to a one one. WQAM from a grand P. W. UAM from a point seven to a point eight. They'll get it. Well, we don't. Hey, I want it now. Just come on now. WKT from nothing to a point eight. They didn't show in this frame book. And that's about it. So that's the whole day. That's Monday to Sunday. Sixth. And the midnight will get the day parts and the demographic shortly. Super. Sure. If I don't know. I'll show off. I'll just to check that out again. Of course, most people can't pick it up on a radio. Oh, here's somebody with a bone to pick with us. Hello. Hello. Yeah. How are you, Anthony? Okay. What's your bones, sir? Well, my bone is this. I went out and I purchased. Wftang. Talk to a hub. Wftang. Yeah. I'm sorry. Probably bought the softest one. It was you. I recommend. Excellent. Everybody have talked to loves it. It is good. But on the other hand. On the other hand. You're welcome. Watch that hand. Yes. Right. Thank you. The person that they just shouldn't get it said. Those are not. Right. So we're sure not. What do you want? That happens. What? You got to buy two. You told me. I want two. That's right. I said it's good for one person. It is. What's wrong with it? Well, because I want to eat for two seventy five a person. No, no. Because the four. I'm not. You can't afford four and a half bucks for lunch. Go to help. Twelve. Why isn't that true? He wants lunch and dinner. I guess. For like four and a half bucks. Yeah. Send him one of those. A little burger. It'll be the mail along with a gift for my dogs. Okay. So we've got the main numbers here. We had a nice increase there. It will five one and WIOD. And we'll start getting the breakout. The day parts and the nitty gritty of that momentarily. So I told you. Did I say around 12 30? I mean, maybe a bunch of crap. I did not want to apologize now and retract your interpret remarks. They were not in tempered. I just really say it was going to be some time as if indicating when I said a 45 minutes lap, I wouldn't count my numbers before they hatched. Isn't that about what you said? Once you guys have realized what you think of the ball, I wouldn't go near him. Yeah. Well, we must have gone up in this day part because Tanner, the only time he called us was there. Time we had been the, well, was it the winter book? Well, we got room and screwed in June in this rainbow. When we got screwed when we had, you know, the last one in one trend from a 76 to a 63 in the book. Now, here he comes. Wait a minute before we take the break, ladies and gentlemen. This is my cop. Oh, man, 18 to 34. Man, 18 to 34? No. Well, this is six a.m. midnight. Hot within 119 down from a 149 down 3 points. GTR 97, feet with a 9 1. Oh boy. Oh, the 8 1. Zeta with a 7 2. I O D a m with a 6 in many 10 to 34, 60 in the midnight. Now, I wonder where most of those men who are not having a seat part. Why would I remember the five one, lower the five one, etc. Okay, we're going to take a little break. Obviously, the numbers are pouring in from the west coast and all over America. And we'll be right back. The other day of feeding so far, but I have a feeling it's going to be pouring. The next to be 25 to 54. I guess there's been so much time. There's been so much shocking news already. What? Oh, good. You're not listening to me. It's going to take more time. Of course, we still have an hour and a half. But we are more different demographic things coming over because it's a whole book. So there's a greater breakdown. I told you it was going to take a while. But obviously, the island dreams did very well. We're very excited about that. Now, let's see where we stand. We had a six. This is the entire station. Many teams of 34, which is a furry, young demographic for AM. We were certainly far in a way. The number one AM, stationed in that demo. And number six in a whole market with a six. And the next closest competitor, not on the second page. WMBM. Head of WF2. WI and Z had a .9. WLWNWS had a .5. We went into 34. And we had a six. That's the entire station. So trust me what I'd tell you. The audience has to be 90. Oh, their audience is post-mortem. Yeah. I call it the Matlocks syndrome. Like Matlocks, big successful show with big numbers. They're all over like 55. Yeah, well, I'll tell you what. This is what they'll make big enrugs this afternoon here because their audience, they have to remember around when he was all absolutely. Yeah. So what's that going to leave Sandy? Yeah. That's going to be talking to her. Today. Wow. What is James Sandy? I can't believe it that she hasn't spoken to in over here. You used to be like a chronic regular. Yeah. What are I on for a bit in the station? I'm sure that. It's nothing. I should have known as much. But now I haven't. Maybe more than a year. And isn't it ironic that you used to be banned from over here? Yeah, I've been banned everywhere at one time or other. I guess. And by that I was a little bit tired. If you're thinking of getting a house in Brower, yeah, that the Fort Waterdale City Commission may take you up there. The opposite of bars now. That could be next on the agenda. Well, that's right. I just used to my house then. Yeah. I won't have any of that idea. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, we're sitting here waiting. I feel rather foolish because we should be getting some stuff in. They don't want to get a little bit of the money. You know, we're just taking it on. We're just taking it on. We're just taking it on. What do you mean? If we were to take a while. Yeah. I mean, the trading bill out there. We're going to stop picking on him all the way. We'll see. They're going to have to do something. We want them to do well. We don't have to listen. They're big all the time. It's a good thing. They don't have the life and all the money off of the AAM and the future now. But boy, that's incredible. because you'll probably get a memo from Bill Lies about, after I was just barely eating her hair, a bad radio. But you would never believe that, though, would you? Two-nine. Oh, she's making a little bit of a comeback. A big comeback. Hmm. And I said, in love and love is a little bit of a bit of a... I mean, that is, I think it's a thing that a little bit of a music station's coming back in the summertime along, you know. It seems like they're just spreading out. But I bet you if you added up the entire musical audience, it's probably bigger than it has been. It would seem that way really. But then, how do you explain... How do you explain all this talking about? I think he's just to be side himself. He doesn't know whether he's a screamer, he'd have been added. There's so many between the Hamburg thing in Channel 4, and the amazing developments we've had already here. He just doesn't know what to do. He just... Don't try to figure it out. It's just really, really fast on making a guy as venomous fingertips, and I'm trying to try to... I'm just going crazy. Yeah, I gotta get copies of that. Yeah. Oh, you can... Yeah, you can get copies. No problem. Make extra copies for Tom back there. Okay, he's a good friend. I've done a lot of days of care. No, you guys. Like the intro. Boy, I feel like... My two... Really? Yeah, I feel sorry for his such chair. I'm in here one day this chair... When the book comes out, she generally faxes me those, page by page, like 80 pages. I feel like... And then I go, I miss in one. Yeah. Well, that's all right. I'm so busy. We like keeping here all busy because she's under a lot from men's pressure up there. Okay, so we take a collar too. I will wait for more of these to come in. I feel embarrassed because they should be here. There we go. What page we want? I'm in a page he's bringing in. One page, this is 10 a.m. The 3 p.m. Monday, if you're Friday, I'm 18 to 34. Don't tell me Debbie, beacher. This is the moment ladies and gentlemen that we've been waiting for. This is shocking. Are you ready for this? I'm going to turn that off because I can't stand it. Number one, men, 18 to 34. 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Within 116 here, W-I-O-G. 116. Number one, in many 18 to 30. What did the dean have last? The dean had a point four last year. Yes, he had a zero point four. He's pretty proud of it too. You got 15 times the license. You are impudent as. I think you really have a plate for me. Look at it. Look at the sheets. Okay. We're number one and many 18 to 34 on an A-M station. And the God forsaken geriatric market. It's the most incredible thing in history. Number one, and we beat him by over two points by the way. W-G-T-R. Huh, shocking. They had a nine-fought, a nine-five. W-I-O-Hot with a nine-one dropping from an 113. We also beat H-I-O-N-18 to 34 midday, John. I just mentioned that in passing. I was thinking, followed by G with a seven, and the power was in eight-one. Z-A-W with a six-nine. I think those numbers are perfect for them. Love with a six-five. And while 100 with a five, we're number one in many 18 to 34 on an A-M thinking radio station. How do you like that? Even though I don't know anything about the business or anything about the market. What was that? The dean said that. And the dean knows. And little Dickie Farkle probably said that too. Didn't he say that? He doesn't have any idea why anybody listens, etc. Something. Well, he doesn't listen. He just knows everything. He just says he's psyche. Well, that's why he had to psychic on. Maybe I'll be able to have to listen. He can just get the drift of it. So the spake. And drift, I think, is the operator of expression in his case. Why? I think what if we do a car or a silverwood to do? You want to ask him about those numbers. You can do it, okay? We stay in the building. I mean, doing an auction in the sky. From a point 4 to 11 something is 30 times the audience. I'm a 30 times. 11. Six. So it's 30 times. To be precise, it's 29 times the audience. Hmm. Hmm. Well, you ask him about the terms. Yes, you asked the question. You would jump in. It's 1244, W.I.D. Even Johnny Dark has grabbed the microphone. Now he's almost expired from overeating here this afternoon. I just wanted to make an observation. Yes. I think that this is the bird's book. Yeah. That's what you remember back. There's a lot of bird bass. I don't think he can discount the Alexander factor. Yeah. Exactly. For where's Alex when we need him? And of course, there's two weeks that I was on by myself when we had 15s in 20s. That's going to have a little something to do with it too. But we don't know. The bird is obviously a part of this, probably like the point six. Well, that would still be, you know, being that. Thank you Tom. It's a very astute observation. Now we know why he covers radio and see. Yeah. Thank you Tom very much. Well, I mean, Bingo, he just jumped right there. I picked up on that immediately while the rest of us would still be fumbling around with our cigars. So anyway, that's really shocking. Boy, do you see the look on boy Gary's face when he came in here? The same guy who gave me the memo on it's bad radio. He's been down the year. Now he's beaming and bringing me cigars. Which this is a perfect one for boy Gary's depository. Wouldn't that be great? It looks like something stand major with some of us. Yeah. Trust me. And 11, six. Number one. We finally, we not only did we beat CTR in many 18 to 34 midday. But we beat them by over two points. I just mentioned that. Is that the first time in the morning? Yeah. Yeah. Well, let me put it this way. The dean was number 27. It's a time for 27. When we came here, we went to number four in that demo. The number three, number two, and number one. So we've increased one ranking each time. And next book, we're going for number one half. So that's the dean, of course, number 27, not a bad number. If there were 900 stations in the market, there wouldn't be too bad. How was that number? How was that number? Am I? Yeah. Number compare with your I and C number. It's very close, isn't it? I don't remember. I don't know. I think on Zeta we had like 15 or something. Then we 15 or 16 and 18 or 34. I think so. Well, we can tell. Oh, yeah. I don't remember. What the hell was this? A-9 traced the dean. The numbers midday should trace this. Oh, this is in the morning. But these are guns or numbers. That's why I was a little confused when I looked at Zeta. I don't remember. What the hell was this? A-9 traced the dean. The numbers midday should trace this. Oh, this is in the morning. But these are guns or numbers. That's why I was a little confused when I looked at Zeta. Gunner, three-nine last summer. Now that he's gone, they got a stick now. So the guns are factor maybe helping Zeta of course in the fact that they're not running any commercials. It's commercial free and listener free. That's what they're looking for. And I think they're well underway. So GTR, boy, look at that. Oh boy, they had last summer. They had a 19.8 in many 18 to 34 in the J.A. And now it's a nine-file. And what can I say? I was some other great music in here that I was hoping I would find. But I can't find anything that I want now. I just- oh, here it is. You don't think they would take offense to this. Yeah. It was those who took it. Like that's what did it. That's what helped you turn the quarter baby. What those who took it's what goes around. I'm done around. Yeah. Okay, let's do a little break here. It's 13 to out to about 12 and it's still one. We'll be right back. The sports collection ends in number one sports fan. And now it's another big free autograph section. You can get a free. You can get a free. I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger. Okay, plus 51. And I'm going to be a free. I'm going to be a free. I'm going to be a free. I'm going to be a free. I'm going to be a free. I'm going to be a free. Okay, plus 51. And WI-D, you're right. They are coming in very slowly today. I told you it's not me. And gave me what you were right as usual. But so the only thing we have for this state part is that one page. But it's sure good enough for a while. We're just stop looking at him right now. Okay, just go home. Anybody got a man's by the way. I got his great cigar here from Boygurri. Who said it was in Louisville. We used to use these as depository. And he should know too boy. But here we are number 18 to 34. Aren't you impressed? I'm impressed. So you can leave now Tom. Okay, I'm going to get my copy. I've got to get up to the paper and get this written. No, you're not leaving now. Early dead. Don't start giving us this balloon. You're going to stay right here until the dean comes in. Okay, yeah, when you talk to him. Because I'm sure he is on the real day. You're really dead. Right. Once before when we had this kind of a crossover, it didn't they have like summer and weighted outside. Well, we left it. Yeah, that happens with me a lot. When Steve follows you, you know, you're going to have like yesterday. It couldn't be coming, but we both avoided speaking to each other like crazy. He was waiting for me to speak first. And I was hoping he wouldn't. And it worked out great. All right, spoke to him. Did you? Well, last night. But no, it does happen. Of course, Cyterman has been out there at times. So there are these people I just speak to him. Try to avoid like the play. Well, the dean going to have Alish Rubin on today. Because he has a lot of sharp shots and swans. Well, no, it's not a fact. Bob Kunst is going to be on. He's having fun to metal is powered from these. Who's a real piece of work. And meanwhile, we're on this other guy. We're on thinking of it. Do you see in, you know, Alish's latest thing with the satellite, we're going to sue the dial. You know what he's going to deal with that? He's going to wind up screwing all of it. You know how? Because what's going to happen is the NFL is going to demand that the game's be scrambled everywhere. And so everybody you get to, so these bars think to be in smart hire in him to, to get an order that the dolphins can't order the game. Well, I got you all of them. Yeah, that's right. They're going to scramble everyone at the NFL games. And then nobody is going to get anything. Well, when Mr. Disney brings the numbers in, and then we know that it must be something very meaningful. This is, what is this? So six to midnight. This is 2554. Hot went from an 880 to an 899. Magic from an 840 was six to eight. That's almost to the point and a half plus drop. Line from a 46 to a 520 followed by joy. It was 9437 to a 480. That's a good book. That a good book. It'll go rest. Now to go back down. Okay. CMQ FM 540 will 46. Wild 43 to a 420. So we stayed about flat there in 25 to 54. Zeta from a 27 to a 412. Boy they have a turn. The corner there. Zeta finally. GTR 45 to a 380. This 4 to a 380 followed by QBA, Waxi, QBA AM. EDR with the 3-3 power with the 3-2. And down it goes all the way down. A QAM from a 0.7 to a 0.6 waves with a 0.6. Wild, Wild, Wild, 25 to 54. You expect to find them? No, no, no, no. One, two, one. Just behind radio martyred. Yeah, just a head of WOLFF. And when's, let's see, when's from a 1-3-downable 1-2. So they're demographics are pretty ancient. That's okay. Wild Zeta. What do you mean by that? What does that mean? Something's okay. They got a fluke because they want you to think. Well, but it's good though. It'll keep them going for another month. Now you see, that's the way this business works. I don't have to tell you. But they justify, boy, we've turned the corner. We got rid of all those pain in the ass personalities. We're cranking out the music now. And we're really doing it. And they are doing it. What? We can't well we can't say it on the air. We mean nobody, lady, used to doing the best. We have nobody with a match in this building. I don't buy that for a second. We're the lighter. We're the match with anything. For this wonderful cigar. No, I'm trying to sit here and smoke to celebrate my luxury environment. So here's it. That's what Gary Lawrence used to say. Look what happened to him. Okay. Remember he was finnatic about things? He's a man with a hot brown. Hot went up 25 to 54. From what? It 8 8 8 8 9. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, my. You think he like all that crap? You think he had stock imiters, you would think he's creating his statement main for a piece of hot 105 at a piece of apple pie. And he said he would trade it for either one of those, probably preferably apple pie. Especially if it had cheese or ice cream on it. And maybe a little ketchup for one of those kinds. Well, 55 times jik is here and I'm hesitant to take any more calls because I know that they're coming rushing in, look at Linge, he looks like he knows what planet he's on. Oh, he wants food. Do we have some? You don't want these here, do you? These are kind of like, oh, thank you so much. Look at T.T coming through and I sure hope they're going to spend some money. Wouldn't that be nice? Please, stay gone, you want. They're here just for you. These are, this is the slowest they've ever come in though isn't it? It's also like creeping and crawling in here, my oldest, a very slow process. So that's good. Oh, keep some people hanging around for the one to two hours. The book's selling, they use one. What's in? What are you talking off the years? The biggest thing is just really, really. That's a string. You know, they're always the right two, three, two, four, two, seven, all of a sudden up to four, one. I mean, what? Yeah, almost one. It's the book's just in for, yeah, I had to go back down next time. Go ahead. It'll balance out. Trust me. Yeah, we have a, you see, a major job one way or the other, I'll go ahead and there's no no logical reason for it. You just have to see it. Maybe just where the books, they sell in the right, right? No, it's correct. So, look at this. A request for a feast from Australia. Next, there's the adenuin, the Australian rules football people, the fastest cup people are going to bring in a bunch of food for our own people. They're delighted. This is from Bill Mullin. That's like tailgating. What is tailgating? You get my brains from Koala Bears and something, it's going to be great. That's your right. Yeah, so that'll be next Thursday. That's terrific. I think I have an appointment. No, that'll be terrific. Bill, no problem. So, we're sitting here kind of stalling for time and killing some time, I guess, because we're just waiting for more good news here, right? More those good numbers boys and girls. And I know that, well, where those morning numbers are ready. Yeah, see for Uncle Mike and we want to see if our caller had a little increase there to keep him passed aside in Tom's so I can feel free to call in later and not get screamed at. We want to see bottles number. We want to see old Greg there. We don't get a big comeback, which I know please, as you know, and the hours of course. Alice with those giant with those well ahead of do well, 12-ploss. Again, their demographics are horrendous. They're just like the end of the world, but that's another one. Stayed WOLD. That'll be another station that'll say, oh, look at this. We're turning in the corner. The 12-ploss is way up. You know, they're demographics are US-type KAT. That's 25 to 54. Yeah, for the entire week. Yeah, with a what? 0.5? No, 1.1. This is Mike Gun. No, it is now. I'm going to make a difference. Yeah, the WECC beats 2 AM. WECC. That's a religious station. It doesn't have to. That doesn't have to. It's a gospel religious for the signal worse than FTO. Wow. That's a brand WS. They go from a 2-0 to a 1-8 to a 1-4 to a 1-2 to a 1-0. Yeah, I would say it's a pattern. Wouldn't you? Yeah. Well, it's a different. But Charlie Mettoes will make that difference in the morning. You'll see time. We'll get those morning numbers. Bye. Okay. Well, listen, that's good about doing for this hour. The last few minutes have dragged a little bit here as they say on the jewelry rental show. But, well, listen, you can't hear everything. The numbers are coming in slowly but surely. I guess it's kind of like covering the data election. Yeah, they're all just saying you get that, but you wait all night. Tony kind of broke it down. Right back in the before you compute it, when you actually used to get votes. Yeah. That was fun. And the presidential elections, boy, it's there to be actual numbers on there. Now they come on and get a check mark. Okay, it's all over. This one one here. This one one there. Go home. Yeah, really have taken the fun out of it. Yeah. And it's a lot of hard to fix this way too. Anyway, that's going to do it for this hour. We got Chuck Meyer standing by Chuck, of course, of part of the great W. O.D. family that had this powerful five one in the summer book. And we're delighted to have him here because he's an honest, a goodness human being and he's a great meal too. And we'll be back with the one to two hour. And then, of course, the dean. The dean probably is way right now. And he's the dean in the limousine. On his way to the studio right now to fill in for Steve this afternoon. Oh, I forgot to see a big one to two hour. I guess we can live without them. Now, although we do have, well, we had some reaction though from the people of GTR to the book. But we just want to play a little piece of it on the air. So, I want to say to the W. O.D. Tom, jick is here. Now, of course, Tom immediately is going to come. And this is like the analysis after the elections or after the incident. Instant Analula smart and a grass-ski. Bollywood teeth. Yeah. How the way not to hang out in the glass. Yeah. It's begging of that. I think we ought to mention, who'd be following? Oh, here's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. I think. Boy, Alan, I hope you're listening right now. Remember Alan, you and I just go back a long time. I'm taking two of your jobs now, but it's not my fault. But it's jick. The one who's really just unmerciful here, just a vicious attack. I can't believe it. I'm thinking on a guy of that age. Well, just have me. I'm respect. Like, thinking on your, it's like, taking on grandpa. See, the day and I am. None of them all done out of love. I believe I could get up and just walk on in here. Now, he would do the, he just turned him loose. Man, do the whole thing. Yeah. Yes. Dame. None of us would be here if it wasn't for the dean. That's for sure. That's right. He's got a team. Mark Coney of talk radio. Don't you understand? It's what Steve said yesterday. I already went to have a mock car and he was doing it. I got a show. All right. Just a second. Radio. We got 25 to 54 is now. 6 to 10 a.m. And hot. Had a 96. They went up a point. They've been going up and up and up in 25 to 54 is they ought to just be making millions of dollars in retire and close the thing down. Magic went from a 7.9 down to a 5. 8. Good enough for a second. But for that's a big drop for 25 to 54 is QBA of 5 a.m. CMQFM of 46. No speaker to hean glaze. I can see that assimilation really shows. Joy with a 46. That's up a point. Life with a 45. That's up a 10 to a point. Radio Mombie from a 5 to a 4. Waxy with a 4. 3 kiss. Radio in the morning 25 to 54 from a 2 to a 4. 1. And I bet you the kernel is going to call them and say see I told you so. But it's too late. Because most of that they the crew was there during most of this. They're now it's like they went from 17 to 10th. Love from a 3 4 to a 3 8. Addable I Greg is Greg and town or CEO off again. You know when it comes out he generally lays low. GTR from a 5 to 2 to a 3 8. Power from a 5 to 2 to a 3 6. I OD 5 to 3 5. And a morning Mike. Well what can I say? EDR 1 8 to a 3 3. It happens to the best of us Mike. A power from a 2 9 to a 3. See from a 1 9 to a 2 2. And the wins from a 2 0 to a 1 6 in the morning. 1 5 to 54. 1 6. I think that's the lowest in their history. WS news from 49 Alice brought that way up to a 1. See the Charlie matters. Charlie matters. Charlie matters. He brought those young people in. They like hearing people are alien. Come on in. What is it? This guy. Yeah come on in. Our condolences to you. It's got to get better now. Has to be better for he looks like he's. You beat us. Managing the very least. Oh not even for Alice by 2 points. We know that. We didn't. We're here. Number 1 and number 2. Yeah that is. Great. Tom. Absolutely. We're going to have those pimples spots on here. There's acne spots. The Pat Boons still doing acne statin. We can get him on here. What is that that he says? 25 to 54 morning morning. You're any high as 10 that here. Is that all that is? What are we going to do right now? I'm going to make this a whole better. Oh boy. Okay. Let me see that. Can I see that? Because you're handing it to a man who hasn't got any idea what any of it means. Why don't you get better, Bill? It's still a big red. Look at that. Even Joey just stopped by to congratulate us. 10 to 3. Here we go. 3 to 7. Okay. Ready? This is 25 to 54. Hot from a 9 to a 9 one flat. When you should call a flyward. He would get hysterical. Magic 8 6 to 7 3 followed by life. Love. 3 4 to a 5 3. How do you like that Irene? I'm sticking to him Irene. Do I? GTR 5 2 to a 4 2 and he afternoon is data from a 2 to 7 to a 4 1. I have a feeling that there's diaries. It's data just fell on the right place. KISS 4 2 to a 3 9. Waxe 5 to a 3 8. CMQ FM IOD 3 9 to a 3 7 25 to 54 and he afternoon. What did we do? We went from a 6 4 to a 6 9 and 25 to 54. How far 1 to a 3 5? How about our, let's see, how wild 100, 46 to a 3 1. Can't wait flat. Same number. WNWS. Now here's where they're really doing a 3 to 7 25 to 54. Now that's sandy's on the afternoon with our sugar cookies. A 1 9 to a 1 2. Ah. Ah. Huh? Wins from a 1 to a 1. Consistencies there by were okay. And the motivation station even cracked it with a 0.6. Lord, I sure wish we get the 12 plus numbers for the day parts. That would be real nice if we ever got that. Wouldn't it, or do we see? How come we're getting 25 to 54 day parts first? Is there some special reason for that? Wouldn't you think we would get the 12 plus day part numbers somewhere sometime? It must be holding them on for a last. Anyway, we have a break to do here. It's 12 minutes after one time is busy analyzing all of these numbers. And of course waiting for his third best friend in the world to show up. Did he? Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. I bet you, you, now have you ever spoken with him if you were heading to dealings with him? Oh, no. Ah. Ah. Ah. I haven't had the blood. Oh, oh, oh, I suspect it will happen. Maybe. I thought, I think it would be the topic of the first half of our today. Anyway, when the urge for seafood food. No, this Johnny Dark was on with a bad guy. It's one for today. It's one for today. The WIOD. Tom Jicka was our guest for the first three hours, but now he's hyperventilating on These burgers and he's just making Dean like sound, got a little sound on and on. So anyway, I think I was fairly on target here. Right, I said that Hob would probably go down a little bit, which in some demos they did 12 plus they went down. I said magic would take a hit, which they did. I sure to. I said we would do pretty well, which looks like we did. Yeah. And what made you think about our agenda for a treat? I just think their music is deteriorated badly. You know, when he keep hearing Bobby Vitton records on there and I just sign up. At one time, they really had fine tuned in pretty well. The market though, pretty much certain. Oh, yeah. No, they're not that they're dying on the vine, but they've lost a lot of it because they keep screwing around with the music and all he got to do is drive up to Orlando and listen to cool. And they get a good idea. I mean, they have to program directly, relatively new within the last one. I sure hope he's not the guy that's putting on the Bobby Vitton record on his idea. Yeah, yeah. He's built dead. Well, he's a programmer. Well, he's stopped making phone calls to wax the impact attention to business. That might help. Look at that. There was a little onion on there that he never put up with that. I know I understand that either. It was crazy. That he called wax. Well, it was it for real. Yeah. It just now was happy to be a put on. Yeah. He would never do that. Yeah, unless he's going to work over there. And of course, we don't want to leave it on. Oh, what? Yeah. We have it. Talk to that. What's going to happen to wax? Yeah. We keep hearing things. They're building bonds. Yeah. It has. Well, the wire all those people still working there. They were all supposed to be gone a month ago. Or no, the company that brought them has a history of not changing things that are working. And you believe that? What? You think that that's going to be? Well, it's not the company. The least thing is that what I'm working with. Actually, isn't it? I don't know. I don't know. But anyway, it's not one of these company. It wants to know a Steve numbers. Well, first of all, the only number we've got. I don't know why we can't keep those 12 plus numbers. Or I can tell you, it's 25 to 54. Steve went from a three, seven. I'm sorry, from a three, nine to a three, seven. And an hour that's yours is, or an hour is sports talk, right? Yeah. And I thought it went through a few weeks from www to winTEEN 2 with money. Question is. Well, in I say you're on app sector and so weren't! Math or lesson, I guess. It was from the world. But 40 people gotpelled a lot of real rubbish track who was held in the. The teacher gave me a ground lesson in a second for this. That's a Saturday night possible from the last Thursday. But what did you say about? that's a 12th that's 8% of their broadcasting and all they're doing is slapping on a television station and claiming that to hours and that painful. It's outrageous. It's just an affront to our sensibilities in the industry. Where are we starting to do it? The sevens right next to you. You will imagine how cheap that was. Just try to think yeah. Oh yeah. I was right in the middle line. Put it right into the middle line. We just got a WOLV soundboard. Look at that. We're working for the already guy to say. It's a crime check. That channel WOLV. Have you heard how they degenerated again? Technically how bad they sound. I don't think I should have read it off. Well they cleaned it up for a while or now they got that real muddyness back in their signal. I don't know what they're thinking about. Can't they hear that? I mean don't they understand it? I don't get it. So we're still waiting for the 12th plus and I would beg anybody back there. What the hell is going on? Why don't we get the 12th plus numbers? I mean those are the ones. Those are the meat and potatoes. I mean granted. We like these younger demographics. It's great because that's what it's all about. That's where the money is. Well here's seven amid 9. 25 to 54. Top with the 129. What up again? I'm glad Johnny's out of the room. Imagine to stay flat with the 6 3. EDR went way up to a 5 5 to be a 129. Waxy from a 4 8 to a 4 O. Love. 25 to a 3 9. What? The Dean wants to hear? The Dean is in the middle line. No, Jane. Oh, my heart. Yeah, tonight. This is 25 to 54. This is all. Look at that. WOD from a 1 9 to a 2 8. We were really doing it until we put a digging sparkle on. But these are 25 to 54. I mean, for example, wait till you find Witchner on here. Man, it's got to be an almost look at that. Gobble at all. He had a big increase. 20 to a 1 1 and it is nonetheless based tied with radio a swave and VcG. He's got those young demographics ladies and gentlemen all tied up. And if you ever unties them, maybe they can get to the radio and turn it on. No, can't he? Would you, can somebody go back there? Find what the 12 plus day parts are? I mean, why it's 120 already? All day and we still don't have that and we don't have any of the day parts 12 plus. That's, yeah. No, Monday. Yeah, Monday. Friday. Day parts. Now Monday through Sunday. There is no such thing. Monday through Friday. No. The man knows nothing. He's, I'm just, the man is frightening. Well, I'm not supposed to make you Sunday. I don't. I want Monday through Friday. Day parts Monday through Sunday. I don't know. There's nothing about the business. I'm serious. This man really believes you know something he owns a statement. What's with his thing? What height? I mean, the guys got to say not for hot man. It was like some chick that works over there. No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, I always love those comments. Should we put this mobile car on? Hello. I think you ought to put me on. Okay. I'm putting me on for you. There's Evan too. What's your story? Well, I tell you, it's annoying to be listening to that. You know, listening to that WIOD. Are you kidding? WOLD and have them, uh, final casting the news. And they're telling you, and here's a film. You're thinking, what? And they're real. If you mean, when tell these people, this is really, yeah, and I like when they, when they show the weather map is my favorite. I'm just too bad in an of one of wealth. Let's go to the scene. Yeah. Who's filming my knife on this idea? I don't understand this. It's incredible. It's an incident on to our sensibility. Very impressive. I remember that. I got a PSA for you. This is definitely a traffic update. I'm on the green roads. I'm actually at where the green meets, uh, road road and crawl people's eyes. You could never be there. For I'd say, it was a little girl that was along this incredible. Um, I'm sitting here and there's this wrench of pet that's coming south on the jewellery about four miles an hour through the traffic and there's this red sign on us. It's white sign with red lettering on top of the car. I swear to God, it says, rust in the driving school. So I'm thinking, who the world is going to let this guy teach them the drive? What Indians you want to? You assert you want to answer to the question? Who? Can he drive? Hey, I got to ask you something else. Five. And I'm not sure I don't want to be repetitious. If someone's there else is already mentioned this to you. Just let me know. For you're just like full of it. Aren't you? I said I really am floating well. I haven't had a radio act one. What? Why? I like lifting the mic. When you start playing those records, I got to hit the dial. Yeah, let's get that music off in a morning. So I agree with you. Hey, he tells me he's telling the audience that your records are definitely about my records. I mean, I know you're taking my records. Boy, Gary, it's boy Gary put all that music in that way. Anyway, I flipped over to Alice and um, what I need you? What that geek over there that's his sidekick is absolutely incredible. And anyway, I'm not sure if he heard this or not. But he was reading an article about a lady who's been married the most time. They are the lady in the country. She was married 21 times. And she quoted her saying she was looking for the right man. And he's chuckled and said, join the club. I almost saw the club. Did you see that? Yes. I was. Oh, I don't think he's that. Yeah, I do. I wish I had you occasionally sticks a little toe here in there. He said, join the club. Yeah. He said, well, anyway, I'm out of material. Well, let me tell you, you certainly covered all the bases here. I think so. Just like the clubs. Well, that's almost an ankle out of the club. Okay. Well, watch out for the rest in you. See ya. Thank you. Okay. Haven't played that in a long time. Have we? Do you want to do a physical work now? Yes. Yes. The printer is out of thing. Ha ha ha ha ha. Now, that's a copy of the shooting. Broke is the first to be big in me and copy. That's right. This is a big time radio. The printer is out of it. You think they would think about that. And they don't have it. They're the first. Right. What do you mean that's right? This they're going out for it. They don't have any. That'd be like the dolphin's lining up for the kick off suddenly. And someone got anyone bring a ball? He's someone got what's funny and good stuff. Excellent analysis, Tom. Since early. If there's anybody at any other station in town where they got some ink, who's got some numbers 12 plus bill, bill Tanner, give us call bill. We need you. You believe this? I can't believe it. You would think it. What did you think since they knew that today was the big day, that they'd have some ink laying around? See what we're talking about? Or maybe they could use board in there instead. I'm sure that bill is probably split in. One of them is already. He could probably give a couple of courts. And we could do the rest of the numbers in red. Okay. That's one 23 now. I'm telling you that by the time we go off the year, we will not have the 12 plus numbers. And sound good now. They could get them on the phone instead of the computer. They can get them on the phone. I mean, that this is bogus. This is unacceptable. I mean, these are interesting, you know, marginally, but there's a lot of stuff there. We want to find out. What are they doing back there? Just think of a circle how or another? No, seriously. What are they doing back? Are they running around? They just now. What? What? No, I'm asking a serious question. What are they doing? They're just sitting there looking at the empty screen? They sent somebody out to get more ink. I feel like I'm serving. Things will end there. No, no. They just didn't. Yeah. Well, what else can you say? Send somebody out to get more ink. Who do they send? Nick? Bloody. Yeah, Jenny! Yeah, yeah. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. I know who they should send. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But kidding. Oh, this is just so typical. You know, and I think we're going to do pretty well in here. I don't know. I could be wrong. And I guess we'll ever find out. I'll have to wait all weekend. Well, it's nice we at least got the 18 to 34 men page. Isn't it? We got just the one page. We don't want to go overboard in that demographic, but we are number one there. So that's nice to see. Anyway, if you want to lose a ton of weight, I'll leave for Nickelonies under a lot of pressure is very offended by Tom's and tempered behavior. It's 28 past one at WI of the end. Tom just gave us a report from the sales group back there where they're working feverishly to get those numbers for us. They didn't go out and buy ink. They brought a whole new machine in there. So they did. And is it doing anything? They're hooking it up. They're hooking it up. It was fine. I'm not sure if they put their shirts in the street up. What are they doing? One of those followers is machine life support systems. Are you sure they're not doing it up on the FM transmiters? That would be a little wise. Yeah. Yeah. Now that's what that people do. Are there a lot like long tubes hanging from it? You've got about four people. You're hanging around. They're all moving. And we guys underneath it. One guy's behind it. Yeah. Anyway, what an exciting day. I predicted this. Did not have it today would be chaotic and exciting and record breaking. That this would be a day that would live in the anals of infamation. And I told this. I would make the best of, by next week. Oh, I would think so. Yeah. And I predicted it would take a while to get the book if you recall. A WLSPI report of hell. Are you gone? Well, that would be, well, they probably couldn't fit under the phone. That's a problem. It was just too big of a call for us to handle. So we're sitting here with this stuff here. I think John, I'll be back there and keep a close eye. So that somebody runs up here. I'm not trying to push anybody around, but I'd like to get that 12-plus on it. We only got a half an hour. Do you think we're going to get it? Yeah. I've got to get a cow on it. No, you're not knowing it. It goes up. It comes at least to post to that time. I don't think he's coming in here. Do we get out? Mm-hmm. But I do have a lot of stuff to slip on here. So I may have to make a couple of trips. Mm-hmm. Right? Mm-hmm. So when you come back in here to get more stuff, will there be an open mic anywhere else? No. There's a knockout. I don't open mic. But he won't be with any of this. So he won't have any of this. No, I won't. So we take a call or two here while we're waiting to kill. I feel like the last 45 minutes. So we've been doing it, basically, killing the eye and crew. Maybe haven't we? Yeah. Maybe we'll put this at best as on. We're on day one as a 1 o'clock hour. Ready to take in shots. If everybody in a market that there is to, and of course, I'm sure they must have the morning numbers. I wish I'd get that morning QAM number 12-plus. Just so, called, it will be, you know, a plan. He's probably just making more paranoid. He's probably got it already. I'm sure that their machine didn't run out of hink. QAM. No, he won't be at it. I know from a cap, when they don't let their people see. Yeah, they do. Yeah, I know. He's got a meeting you a crock-a-malarky. Okay, they call it always cool. They call it a hall. Well, they don't let it see the number. I don't know. He got some. Here we go. Just relax. 6 to 10 a.m. What do we got? We got everything in here? No, some mornings. It's coming out. No, no. All right, but it is coming out. Okay. Great. Well, look at this. There's nothing wrong with that from a point 6 to a point 8. Call them in. They're 30 to 10. Yeah. All right. Sure. Nothing wrong with that. No. In fact, it was down when he got here to a point 1. So, he's up to a point 8. There's nothing wrong with that. He's the only thing they've got over there. Exactly. Yeah, probably. All right. Let he go. It's a house. What the hell are we got? Oh, this is mornings. How did Uncle Mikey do here? Where the hell is he? Probably now he's on the first page. I'm on my own. Oh, boy. I'm organic. There. I panic. Okay. Hothead and 8.13. 10 to the point drop. QBA is 6.9. It's a big increase. A.M. So, that the simulation factor is definitely worth it. Life stayed flat with a 6.9. Time for a second. And that interesting. QBA in life. Those two are like two thorns in the side of the entire industry. They're always in there. They mean nothing to anybody else. Well, I just say, yeah, and I think there's the same factor we're working both. Well, life is just there because it's on and offices. And I think QBA does it. There's an ethnic loyalty factor where people who might not be listening to it put down that they are listening to it because they feel that it's their own ability. Well, just a radio mom B was fourth also by the way, the five down from a 6-3. So, second and fourth in the book are, no speaking in English, and sixth also. Fifth WIOD in a morning Mike from a 5.9 to a 5.2. So, he got a third of my English language studies rock writer. And you know, he got a fluke good drop. He'll go back up. He always, he's always right around the 6. CNQ FM from a 3.5 up to a 4.2. So, there's no question that the people are funding right in that this Spanish radio thing is just the fact. Y'all 100 from a 5 down to a 3.8 in the morning. What? What? See what happens if you're far too far? No. Yeah. See what happens when Johnny Darkaw's super-dave is job. And while on 100, I think they're going to be calling you at home. And that's all for you with job either. Imagine from a 4.9 to a 3.6 in the morning. Yeah. Six to a 3 for work. Yeah. Yeah. Burt before, but not the dean. That's a different bird. A kiss from a 3.1 to a 3.6. Power 3.5 to a 3.4. Wins from a 4.4 to a 3.1. That's the lowest 12 plus number in the morning that I can ever remember on WI and say, I don't understand it. And a bombination. Yeah. And then it didn't suit it. It's not too our sensibility. Well, actually they don't have a god thing to use yet. But snooze isn't really doing the news like they used to anymore. TTR Hermann McQueen from a 3.6 to a 3.1 in the morning. 12 plus W.2 is from a 2.3 to a 3. See how a student has been increased, but again, all over the age of 100. As the demo is pointed out, Waxy 3 to a 2.9. My 1, 2, and the morning to wait 2, 5. Ah, ho, ho. Sucking. You got it right where they want it. EDR from a 1, 3 to a 2, 4. Well, from a 2, 4, flat, 2, 1, 7 to a 2, 0. Q, B, A, 2, 3 to a 1, 9. Who else are we interested? F, T, L, 1, 8 to a 1, 5, and the morning 12 plus W, S, D, J. Just about off the ER, K, T with a 1, 3, 1, 3, 10. Yeah, for a 1, 2, 3. Yeah, so that's the mornings 12 plus, now we're waiting next should be. It might be, it could be, and it will be, as soon as it comes in here the midday, and then we'll get to have the news, we'll get it all straightened up. All right, nice to see you here. All right, doing business with you. Are they comatosed on the FM? Are they having a 9-off? It's just one book, right? Yeah, he knows, boy. He's seen him coming, he goes. He's seen the panic and the hysteria, the blood dripping from the wrists and all out of this stuff. It's just one rating book, isn't it? Yeah, I think I mean, it went out for a weekend party tonight. Yeah, it's funny, he's your mention that, but remember, if Guy Gannon over at the Carroll City, even when the book was bad, he's the ratings party. He's bad at the book, isn't it? And they'd go in the toilet, you know, on both days today, we're having a ratings party. I don't understand that, but what do I know about them, huh? So anyway, we did, so the station went up to a 5-1, that's overall, and Mike got a 36. I think I could do it, so I don't know. Well, on the phone now, they picked out articles here, I think, OK, and the Dolph S. Dickie Farco can really put it over the edge, don't you think? Well, yeah, when they, when they, when they night is proctorologist, they behind all all up problems. You are really cool, now. I think it would be great for you to be a guest and that shows some of that. But you better do it soon. Like the next month, I think, just to be here. Now, you could be a Joey Reynolds Joe and Dickie Farco in the same day, but I've ever been real same time. OK, it's 135 at WI-D. I think we'll take this little break here, we'll do it on time for a change, so Mike doesn't have to give hysterical. And then when we come back by that time, it just a real good day. Yeah, it might be. Let me write that out of ink again. Yeah. We'll see if the jirb will got his WI-D, I'll say. We'll be right back. OK, 130 at WI-D, exhausting. There, let me tell you one more time about Toyota of Hollywood. We give you those incredible prices. We tell you about the new. We want to be 40-hour and we're sitting here waiting desperately. This is kind of like good. It is like covering the data elections. It's a better break down for data elections. It's a better break down for data elections. Usually, if only here, upset stomach and just getting a little bit of time, we've got to 12-plars. Now, we need midday and afternoon. We need both of those. We've only got 20 minutes to do it. Are we taking up an office pool? I think so. Now, you're getting nervous? Now, you're talking about the job. Do you want to talk about the job? Do you? Johnny Dark is back there on the job. Sure. Anything is a guarantee that it'll get screwed up there. So they have food that way. He asked me if we wanted day parts Monday through Sunday. He doesn't seem to understand. Monday through Sunday is like the overall station number that he knows the weekend. When you start getting into day parts, it's Monday through Friday and the weekend is a separate number. I mean, any, any, any, several. What also estranges why obitron breaks those into 10 to 3 and 3 to 7? When just about every year all the station, you know, does 10, who does a 5 out of it? You know why they do that? Because 3 to 7 is considered afternoon dry. Now, see in this market, it's hard to relate to it. But like in New York and Chicago and LA, drive time is all a way. It'll 7 o'clock. Yeah. In this market, really, it should be right to the 6. Yeah. And 6 to 10 in the morning. Then, to believe me, that 2 to 3 hour, I don't want to say this, especially with Steve Out of town or wherever he is. 2 to 3 hour kills us. I mean, just absolutely, I don't mean to be out. Yeah, I don't mean to be out. Yeah, I don't mean to be out. What even so, but we still have to live with that number. I mean, 10 to 3 is our number. Yeah. Just like that first hour. I mean, to say, I'll point the top. They still hear it. Well, no, that's true. There's no quite eight out of 10. I'm trying to be controversial. You know, we're trying to be like Dickie Farrell. Okay. We're still waiting. Yeah. I can't do that. It's the end of the week. And I'm just trying to conserve for the ball games this weekend. I'm trying to be nice and calm. Tomorrow, I'm going to be a pompaddle park watching the game and plunging at the same time. So that ought to be a really good thing. I'm doing a good run into my name. Where am I going to be? Yeah. What is it? Name's Casual Mike is in the 4th or 8th. I'm going to be there Mike. You know why? You talked about trust before. There's one another one that I own. I did the first time I've ever owned dogs. It's all one winner. And I have one named Crosstick critic. Good name for me. And it'll be running in 4th or next month. You want to get next dog? You got to name it for Dean. 30. 30. Great. Yes. He could run till he's real old to a bat. How about Mr. Dean? Very low, no problem. I'm just saying that. It's very real. It's very real. The numbers players. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 142. We still. I can't believe the last hour and a half of it. You're just sitting here killing time. This is the smallest trickle. But Johnny Dark ladies and gentlemen. He's got a whole pile. Oh, stop. I want whatever you go. Okay. Just don't. No. I want 12 plus. Two. Friday. Six. Okay. I can't forget this. I can do it. I find it down. I know where the secret is. I've heard it. Yeah. He's first fall is printing double size. Six A and a midnight 12 ply. I'm a current figure's that are printed first. Okay. Oh, this is a mess. Oh, he's a mess. We already got this. Anyway, what do we know? This. This is you. We've already got this. Do you know his old plus six. The minute. How we don't. That's the first thing we got. We had a five one. Right. Let's see what it says. What is this? No. It's the first number printed out as a current number. Okay. Five one. That's what I just said. We already got this. I thought I'd say God will let me. We, oh, yeah. But you're going to go nuts try to read this. Long get me the good one. Get me the good one. Get me the good one. I'm going to get a column. Real part. Just relax. Now, what you want to leave is oh, what you're trying to say. Oh, there you go. There's. That's not that. I'm having a bit very slowly. Oh, man. Slowly. The word for it. And here's men and women 25 to 54. But what about the 12 plus? John. We got 16 minutes. Four. Okay. 25 to 54. What do we got in men here at the afternoon? Okay. Wild. What number one? This is my fault. We're trying to motivate you. You're only hope. We got a 12 one. We're number one and men 25 to 54. How's that? All right. Midday. What is the mic doing in men 25 to 54? He's got a 48. Number five. And Steve in men 25 to 54 has Steve. Steve. A 65. Number three went up from a 5 9 to a 6 5. And so it's in women I guess that we had a little problem there. Let's take a look now. 25 to 54 women in the morning. Renery is. 50. That's from a 35 to a 2 4. And we are like nowhere. Man, we have got in women 25 to 54. We're not even on the second day. 2.2 down from a 2 4 or 16th in women 25 to 54. See I told you there are no women listening to. They are they listening to. God only know. What are they listening to? Joy 99 hot. Love. Magic. Life. Red to kiss. So that give you a good idea. Nothing. And in the afternoon, Steve women 25 to 54 also is like desperate. And so those ladies are kind of like slipping away and you know something tough. Right? That's the break. Just women just are all women are at it. Getting tattoos. Yeah. One of the bottom lines is it's tough getting a, especially a women's. Women are not. They know this in the talk shows. The man is the important thing and we're just knocking them dead. Isn't that the way we're supposed to rationalize it? Huh? Oh. We are. That's what it's all about. And we're the dollars are my friend. Yeah. Where the. Well, now I'm still is 145. We're still waiting. The audience must be on tins and he must be ready to blow their brains out of this point. Because I know I sure am. This is ponderous man. Ponderous says Casey would say. It is weeping ponderous. They're going to die. Well, I did give you. Right. Yeah. Look at this. Look at the way that's printed out. Man. You have to be Popeye. That's a read this with glasses. For instance, thick. I just can't believe it. Look at it's floating. Plus. Well, I guess that'll be something they're on the wall or something. Because we got the morning 12 plus. And now we're just waiting and waiting and waiting. The only thing we got we got renearies number. And we got callers number four. What you went up to a point eight. He's on his way. A woman that listens is on one. Do you think so? A woman that listens. What does that mean? Hello. Hi. Hello. You listen? Yes, I do everything. Well, thank goodness. That is. Well, that's it. She only listen. Why don't you call her? That's right. No. Most of the women will listen. But they wanted me to listen. Oh, they don't admit it. Why is it like some kind of a disease or something? No, not real. So we have a lot of closet ladies. I guess. Yeah. I think he got a good pole. We're going to have to try to open that closet, right? Try it. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Well, she was here a little while. Yeah, but she didn't want their voice to be recognized. And I guess in the female crowd out there, it's a closet kind of a thing. And old bag. What is this? And old bag that wants. Getting a message here. Callers. Callers number numbers. I haven't even heard that. I haven't even heard that. Well, this is really a very, went up from a point to a point eight. And on QAN that's a massive morning number. Okay. I mean, that's good. He's only been there a short time. And he's getting close to a one. And if there's nothing to promote in the best of a, I think he'll trust me. It didn't, no, it had to be. The only promotion. He's got to be on the show. Yeah. So we give them a more, on the ear promotion here than they have on the ear over there, which says a lot about them, right? I guess. I mean, you wonder. How do you get known? How do you even? How do people know you even there? Well, you have to go over the track with me, I guess. Anyway, it's wonderful. You said seven is W. Why do you? Huh? Yeah, right? How did Lester do? Where's Lester's numbers? Is he on here? I think he beat the motivation station. I just can't believe this. Like, here it is. It's like, when did these start coming in? How are 20 minutes ago? They've had to 12. And how are they? And how are they? First ones came over there. And here we are still waiting for 12 plus midday and afternoon drive and night. And that is shocking, isn't it? Or are they the regular and out to the bitter end here or something? Or a way. But cook counter here. And Johnny was on his way to the back and somebody had some dessert, but he's kicked or something. And I would be not to see him again, you know? He may be already coming. He's coming. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Wait a minute, ladies. He's been handed down. What do you mean? I'm not going to get him. I'm not going to get him. No, what? You may get midday in time with us, but it's. What? Why is that? What's coming over now? 6 to 10 a.m. 6 to 10 a.m. What did you already have? What they're doing 12 plus again? Yeah. Why are they doing it again? We've already got that. Oh, okay. Let's take our last break, ladies. Gentlemen, we're going to really hold our collective breads here. But of course, if those numbers come in, I'll come rushing back in during the deem show. No, no, no, no, no. No, I don't think they're loved to tell you. Oh, I can imagine. 149, it's W-I-O-D. Chuck Meyer here. How do you spend your Saturday mornings hitting this news alarm eight or 10 times? That's cool. But if you want to get an early start on your weekend, why not join me for the weekend magazine. Every Saturday morning, it's 6 to 10. We have the news, weather sports, traffic, beach reports, entertainment calendar, and interviews with people from all walks of life. It's all geared to the South Florida lifestyle. So if you're heading for the beach, the mall, grandmars, house, running the dog, you're taking a job, keep the weekend magazine in mind. Saturday morning, just before the best of Rogers on 6 to 10. W-I-O-D. Here's something that the greater percentage of the public agrees with. The Honda Accord is one of the world's great, automobile. That's a fact. Now for the other percentage, the new Honda Accord has been changed. It's a hundred percent different because it was re-engineered and improved. The new Accord is bigger and better than ever. It can look every bit apart. There's more room inside with more space between the front and rear passengers. The ride is more comfortable over the longest distances, and the R is more responsive on their all driving conditions. The new Accord was redesigned to create an entirely new car, one that raises the quality of driving, and the fueling to the driver. You will have to drive it to the lead. The new Accord from Honda. Just go with the percentages. First time at the jet-40Bi, there's no final play fake raps to throw. Which left, got a man down there? It is hot! What's that? These two-three dollars in its flat, round trip, he's only $7, which was three-fargines. First bus leaves, two hours before, and the main boarding location is in India. It's $54,000, and the other time for the boarding site, called $357, $8,000. It's $80,000, and it's $80,000. It's $1,000, and it's $1,000. All right, $151, and WI, we've got eight minutes. John is going to, well, we really appreciate him. This John is getting more exercise today than he has all the... He said, it only does his E. He's out on his right foot on his best to go here. My head out is when companies are rushing back there again to see if we can't, at least give midday. Why would they be running morning 12-plus? We already had that. We already went through it with a fine-tooth column. It must be an unbelievable. So, do we got an important call on here? Hello. Good afternoon, Leo. Yes. It isn't that the ladies don't get vote for you. They do. They can't get through. I try many, many times. We're listening to you all the time, and I know many ladies are doing. But the line is always busy. I'm just going to... I'm just going to... He does not take the calls from Miami really. Who doesn't? Whoever answers the phone. Oh, my goodness. Tell him off for me. Okay. Let's start taking those calls from Miami, Mike. That's right. Okay. We'll follow you. We'll follow you on 100%. Okay, you're going to be listening to the dean this afternoon, sir? Well, possibly. Okay. Have a great day. Bye. Okay. Well, I think we saw that problem. Eight minutes before the hour counting down. We've got seven minutes left now. Boy, this is amazing. Don't you think they're doing this on purpose? Maybe we could do it. I have to do it. Oh, I know. What is going on? This is just starting now on the day numbers. Just starting now. Oh, he should be near the top. Well, then you can tell us what they are. They're gotten near the top certainly going to be in the top three or four. Come on. It'll be another three. Oh, this is like a game. Is that this is a little bit too. Ranging and dragging. Otherwise running that is he. Yeah. Now, he's inside the machine now. It's going to be down the way. You remember once upon a time in America? Sure. The end of the movie. I think garbage truck here is being ground up inside the machine there. Spike wise is with the sanitation people right now as we speak. So, we may have to run over time. That's it. Yeah. I don't think all days I don't think today would be today. I didn't tell you. I mean, break we never left the end. So we had a winner. Well. Back. There's nothing more disgusting than listening to some self-aggrandizing pump as. Just talking about his numbers. I'm going to take extra time. So our old pros. We don't need to worry about ratings and numbers. We know who's number one. Oh, I can't wait for it. I'm going to take extra time. I'm going to drive home by way of Jackson. I'm going to make sure I can pick up the whole show today. It's going to be incredible. Okay. Now it's 154 that clock is ticking away. Frantically now. Another woman on the line. Hello. Hi, New York. How are you? Great. Right. Amanda. You know, something I have been trying to call you for about three weeks. I was at the fix and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I met Johnny Dork. I've been to watch my car for me. Wow. You got it on everybody. That's right. Hi, darling. Good. How are you? And I can't get through to tell you how much I enjoy your show. I mean, I keep darling and the line is busy. I realize that you're a very busy man. Yeah. Well, that's okay. Because nobody wants to hear how much you enjoy this show anyway. But I mean, we appreciate you. I really do. I really enjoy it. And I really tried many times to get through. And I just get a busy signal. So I just wanted to let you know that you got a lot of nice listeners out there. And their women and their neighbors. Well, we're excited to hear that. Okay. Thanks, darling. Bye-bye. Now it's 154.30. Boy, you've never been on anything. This is like, oh, man, cutting it. We got that warm in four and a half minutes. It's how long could it possibly take? It's so slow. It's the slowest machine ever we're seeing on our own. Let me check you. Yeah, there you go. Oh, my God. Another run to the back. Wow. I have never seen this man put such energy out. This is a loyalty about it being on the call of duty. Right? It's something. Yeah. We'll have to get him some food someday. Like Monday, no doubt. But boy, this is really right down to the better. Be good now after all this. Speaking of women, how you doing with the doc lady? Great. Oh, really? That is true. It is true. And how about Robin? No. Mount Desel for Nandes. He'd like to start a face with Desel. Can you do me any good there, Tom? Yeah, I don't know. But, I know anybody can do it. My good buddy Hank, I promise him. He's not. He's not as intangible by the way. But, she's been always west night back. You know, ready? Oh, I know what. I know what. Hank is not her type. What I mean? Well, I don't know. He's from 5545. I drive a bit to it, I'm not her type. Almost 15, six. We have three minutes and counting Johnny Dark is not here. is not here he is I see that head where all he's got something to say and then I'm going to rip right off the machine what do you mean right all of them what is that the enough still work on where is it first now all well that's fine that's all we want it don't get all better shape mid day number one w life list with a down from a 10 6 to an eight four as I told you number two wild up from a 6 3 was 7 whoa seven wow you're supposed to say wow no time jittka says that I don't say wow when he did the he knew say wow how did it hot from a 6 night it was six seven and QBA am joy magic for a five five down to a four five power with a four and that's about all we got so you had enough you could leave the building holding up two fingers like next thing you know I'm number two a wait a minute here's w news with a 39 now that's some yeah 39 that's Debbie yeah from a two five the only problem is are all over the age of 400 while 100 with the three seven loves with a three six also probably a way of the VTR from a three seven down to a two six so that's what we've got to leave here so we'll take the seven and run home with it oh yeah seven that's such a big it's not here no we have a seven three in a winter we got really jobbed in the spring when that zoom month in there done with six three and now we're back up to with seven great which considering all things equal consider all the Alex Bennett factor there for a week I think pulled what are you huh yeah that it's not a top liver well anyway thank you very much I really like to get out of here about a minute and a half early because you might want to encounter the Dean in the hallway but yeah the A-A-A is out there in the hall or she's I'll be there what is this he with a two six midday Zeta from a one seven with two six the Gonser factor is gone and that must be helping them I don't I don't get there I know where that's coming from I and Z you'll want to up to a two they definitely on a road to recovery and that's about all you need to know in midday okay so that takes care there we got a whole packet of crap to take home here and stay tuned now we've been having a lot of fun with them all day long and you are being from where to be well look at that it all fell it all depends on the floor I think that's an omen now yet 12 plus no you want us to stay on for 15 minutes I'm sure these people would love to hear what they are but we don't have me or we're going on Monday and we can't do that the Dean is in the hallway and I'm ready to do his big things hunting it's a pair he's been getting ready for this I'm sure for days now so stay around for Alan Burke ladies and gentlemen I like it in his own mind and that of course we got sports talk tonight it's six o'clock we're hanged gold digger tower and and followed of course at eight o'clock tonight by the unmentionable dicky sparkle we were in time to do an hour on me but I will be doing a long time on time chicken time send that he won't be listening and I'm here the most of the rest of you feel the same way okay have a great weekend we'll see a Monday morning it's in a clock we'll have a further compendium of all of these really out my mind they call them in the foot of what lot of water daily those are sent no it's a cost only a quarter your favorite new stand and the coin box it's set around on your front lawn even when you don't order it and stay for now for Chuck Meyer with a two o'clock news and to have a great weekend the name of solemn holiday and to go cubs e sir