The past is gone.
Our year is gone.
Oh yeah.
The guy on the hill here takes him high as back.
Listen, when you're thrown on grass, Jesus creeps out back.
Jesus pays his duper if he never shall have choked.
Listen, when you're thrown on grass, recent checks and trunks.
What's the past?
Jesus in the grass.
The party's gone.
He left his fucking house.
He's a cruelbie, answer.
The party's gone.
The party's gone.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Now take him to my nest and help a check out the water.
So forget to take your pill, now she's got it in her tent.
He's been killed by that eight-chalks, boy eight-chalks and bolts.
But since I can be a tough guy, I want to stop.
Stop, stop, stop.
The guy came from the grass.
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
He left his fucking house.
Stop, stop, stop.
Jesus, who will help you?
Stop, stop, stop.
Stop, stop, stop.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
The pope is getting higher.
The pope is getting higher.
The pope is getting higher.
The pope is getting higher.
The pope is finally coming.
Stop, stop.
God keep him to grind.
He and the pope went thousandth out and it left his fucking house.
The pope much st稽.
He is a girl that he has been activist keeper and rubbery Jones touches the
hand which he posted like.
That was the
the Inquisition and the Holocaust and all of these things, not of what you mentioned by
him. He wants God's forgiveness. I will not give it to you. He wants your forgiveness.
I will not give it to you. Damn it. Yeah, Pope seeks pardon for sins for all that slaughter
and all the grotesque hostility and intolerance to all these groups. I will not give it to
bad. He wants forgiveness. The answer is no. No. How about Eddie Pope? No. Not him either.
Peace or crap. So there you go. Danny Boy has retired and there are people having an
nervous breakdown. Didn't we already know he was going to retire? Did we know this
for days now? When I was class, he's a classy guy. Thanks Danny. Good luck. Goodbye. That's
it. Very well. I like the dolphin organization, which has absolutely no class. You want to
know why it has no class? Because look at the owner. Look at all the baldies. He'll
get up there. You know, he always has to look good. You see? Because he's the one with
the billion dollars. He's always got to look good and put on a good show for the public.
No matter what the hell it is, he's the one with the tearful thing with a blockbuster.
Oh, yeah. What happened to blockbuster Parkway? Are we going to get that? No. No. He would
never lie to us. We're not getting that. That day, he stole his 85 trillion shares in blockbuster
at all. Well, isn't this a sad day for everybody? They're meant to business about the arena.
We're going to lose the hockey team. And well, I would never lie to you. That one that
wouldn't even play that thing again. And now he gets up there and they go through this
whole ceremony. Like I said, because Munoz got some class, which the organization now
doesn't because Wayne owns the team. So naturally, he says all the right things.
But do we want to talk about that? No. No. Here's the mobile in North Miami, though.
You know, good morning. How you doing? Yes, sir. I don't know. You're right in the man. We are
always this morning that they plan, they're planning to expand I ate his row between
five, ninety five all the way. I don't understand it. I did read it, but it says it's not the same
street. They're going to that's going to be east of the current hiatus road, which is 112th.
How are they going to do that? East up the canal. I think they're going to build it through the
canal. I don't get it. I won't get it either. Oh, no, because that's going to be a lot of traffic
into our community. Yeah. And you know, and I've been living there almost for almost the same
time to see that. But don't forget if they start tomorrow, it's going to take, we'll be dead and
worried about the time they finish it. Don't worry about it. Oh, now anyway, that's what I wanted
to say. Take care. And they say, there's our first comment on Marina retiring. I don't give a
**** me more. That's what he said. Yeah. That was great. Anyway, on Friday, we had a poor question
that is so incredible to result on it. It's just mind boggling. The question why should
Neil buy a gun? We had a thousand 46 votes, a record breaking number of votes, 523 said,
yes, 523 said, no. Just astonishing mind boggling. I mean, all weekend long, a couple of times
the yeses be five ahead, eight ahead, it would be even again, even Stephen. And we get down to
final tabulation here, 1046 votes, 523 said, yes, and 523 said, no, don't do it. Get the canoli,
but don't buy a gun. Of course, am I going to tell any of whether I buy a gun? I can have like 10
oozee in the house and is the audience going to know about it? No, no, it's my business. But thanks
for voting. Are what? That's just the way it is. It's always good to let people think that you
have a whole bunch of guns. And by the way, speaking of crazy people with guns, the big i95
jam this morning up in Deerfield Beach was because there was some lunatic in a motel parking lot with a
gun. And so the BS thing, it was probably a pretty good idea to close up that road till I found out
what his problem was. Another lunatic with a gun. In fact, if you go around the world, you see,
you know what an American is? And most people say, yeah, an asshole with a gun. That's what they'll
play. Right, that's an American is an asshole with a gun. Anyway, our poll question today,
since we already did the morning drive, which was a very, and I was okay. What do you listen to
between two and six? Where listeners of this program? What do you listen to after this show?
On the radio between two and six p.m. Tank, power 96, Zeta, Wilinghundred, W-I-N-Z, W-M-G-E,
W-I-C-D-J, the Coast Kiss, W-B-B-G, or the B-G, whatever that is, big or other. You'll see the
list there on our NeoRodgers.com. This is just a little survey to find out since now that the trend
came in and we make a nice comeback. By this place, we made a nice comeback in the November
December, January, ratings. Very nice comeback. Thank you. God bless me. Thank goodness,
since by this place. By the way, speaking of this place, is that new phone system in yet today? No.
No. No. No. No. How do you like that? Can anybody believe it? No. Yeah. Shocking, in it.
Estonishing. I bet you're really surprised. No. That that new phone system, it's sitting around,
here we got a couple of instruments here, but I think because that stock is going so bad,
I think that they may have to repo their phones. So we're not going to put them in yet because
Y-Waste the energy. That's what George Corso says, Y-Waste the effort, which is basically his
motto in life and then his motto, Y-Waste the energy. Believe me, he must have a lot of energy saved
up that guy. You know what I'm saying? Anyway, 1045 at 560 W-Q-A, no portion of this broad guest may
be reproduced without the express written permission of W-Q-A-M, easily-reased acquisition
Oh God, Neil. Neil wakes me up in the morning. Neil wakes me up with a smile.
With a smile. Drinking my coffee, a bunch of namatongas. With a furrowing star.
Daddy, you know, you're with me. With a tail of a star.
I've been too workin' my room for the darling meal. We have today to fall out of my dials.
New liver!
my
whenever
heat
year
she's yelling
love
glad it will be the weekend
Glenn Hill died over the weekend.
The bird.
He died.
He died.
It's a sad, it's a sad that Danny Marina retires today.
The bird died.
Brian Bararr to the Maple Leafs, young defenseman, just the days after his 23rd birthday, gets
a stick in the eye.
He's going to lose the sight in that eye.
We'll never play hockey again.
If you were at the game on Saturday nights in Macarena, talk about sad.
That was sad.
Was that sad?
Oh boy.
In fact, it seems to me that maybe most of the Panther team has died.
I would say this is just my own idea, but I think that if Wayne wants to raise some money,
you could start charging a lot of those guys on the team admission.
Yeah, charging to get into the arena from now on, because most of them are spectators
lately.
So charge them 65 bucks to get in.
It would be a real good idea.
Maybe here's a call that remembers the bird, you think?
Did you say to the bird?
Remember that guy?
Oh yeah.
As long as one of your people, by the way, another Millips and Hullio.
Anybody go to Kaiyoto yesterday?
No.
In this crowd?
No.
George didn't go.
Did I go?
No.
Damn, and I forgot all about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Bad news?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm with you.
I got in first goal.
How you doing, dude?
Okay.
Listen about the gun.
Buy a police chief.
It's a big, unwaste.
Buy a police chief?
Yeah.
It's only five bullets.
It's a small robot.
I don't want to talk about what kind of gun to buy here.
No, you know, one inch by a rope.
Uh-huh.
You'll be here.
How many got one inch?
Well, therefore you can put it in your pocket, in your anchor, whatever you want, because
it's small enough to take an inspiration of immediate defense.
Uh-huh.
It doesn't matter.
You got five, six, twenty.
So, why don't you do my shot, Greg Reed walk in?
Or I could defend myself immediately?
Why don't two shots?
That's all you're going to be able to get out.
You don't need a big piece for 2020.
No, I don't need a big one.
Okay.
I'm looking after you, Neil.
I love you.
I really love you.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
By the way, my retirement date, I'm going to hold a press conference.
No.
See, I mean, with all the respect, Danny, we love you and all of that.
But it's just the way that this stuff is done nowadays.
You know, the sports, all the sports stuff.
My last day on the air, say, hey, this is it.
Bye.
See ya.
Thanks.
That's it.
Don't mean you'll press conference.
So, I mean, not that I'm comparing my importance in town to Dan Merino, although I have
been here a long rabbit on the year for 24 years, Dan only played football for 17.
And then did listen to the show, probably not lately, but did listen to the show.
To show you what a Bushley town, it says, yesterday morning, I'm on the phone with your
best close personal friend, Rimmer.
And he says, turn on channel 10 immediately.
This is a 10 minutes to 10.
And it's during their Sunday morning news, which by the way blows.
And they're doing their sports report.
And guess what, boys and girls?
It's on tape.
And guess what?
It's the wrong tape.
It's from last week.
Ah, there it for channel 10 and other Bushley operation here.
They're showing the highlights of the Panther's Blues game from a week ago Saturday.
And then the guy comes on and starts talking about the Doraun Gaunterman, which was last
week also.
And all of a sudden, they chop it off.
And the putts that's on there doing the news.
Does he make any reference to it?
Does he apologize?
Did he make a joke about it?
No.
He just goes marching right along.
I thought to myself, there is another classic example of what this town's all about.
Bush, freaking league.
Nice going channel 10, given the sports stories that are only a week old.
And guess what, the Yankees won the World Series.
Oh, that was special.
Nice going guys.
You're the best.
Here's a lady mobile in the keys.
Hello.
Hi, I remember the bird.
Yes?
Very well.
And I'm sorry to hear that he's past.
Yeah.
I hope he had MS for a long time for years.
Oh, no, I didn't know that at all.
And he was a nursing home here for the last few months.
And I just found out about this Saturday night.
Oh, my God.
That's really horrible.
I'm really stuck.
He was a young man.
He was much younger than you, right?
Yeah.
I would say he was late 40s.
Wow.
Well, I think that interviews to the bird.
You should play the guy trying to get him off the phone.
I'll play radio.
OK, excellent.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, thanks.
Sorry to hear about that.
Thanks.
OK.
See, there's somebody nice that leads it to a lady.
See, the man, they're like, they figured they got to live up
to their image, you know, be miserable pricks.
But the women, they got a heart.
They're like some of them very nice.
Not too many.
But if you missed the meal Rogers show yesterday on 610WIOD,
if you missed this.
As the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
OK.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything.
Because I can't stand listening to you.
You start like a douchebag.
Do it.
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Well, why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, no, just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
I'll play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
I can't stand it.
You won't see.
He won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
OK.
Yeah, I think it's kind of a special way of honoring Glen Hill.
We got to play this during the entire show today, which
would also piss off George profusely, by the way.
No, it's what I liked about it.
Because he hated the bird.
He despised him.
Did you ever even meet him in person?
No.
That's in person.
Never even met the man.
And you hated him like poison hate him.
I thought he destroyed the show, though.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
Yeah.
Maybe that's a poor quote.
That would be bad.
That would be a very poor taste.
Although it would be better to do it after somebody
dies them when they're alive.
So in other words, after we stuff, you're a little ass
into a box of veins.
Do you think George was good when I was on vacation or not?
Yeah, something like that.
Not like you were alive, though.
It's bad.
Because then it's embarrassing.
Say, you know, say some crap.
Oh, you're used to it.
We're all used to it here.
Aren't we on this radio station?
And this make believe play.
So Danny Boy has retired.
He's moving on.
Good luck, Danny.
Nice to see you there today.
Did, like I said, with class.
Classy guy raises a lot of money for charity.
There's a lot of good stuff in this town.
They treated him like crap.
Couldn't the organization just doesn't know how to do
anything right?
Do you, Wayne?
You know, I do anything right.
You called headed freak.
No, you Pockmark piece of dirt.
No, I don't care if you got a trillion dollars.
You're still a piece of crap, Wayne.
You can smell it.
When he came on TV, people started holding their nose.
You see, they could smell it.
They said, oh, God, it's that Wayne
oozing all over the place again.
I'm not getting excited about.
Four minutes before 11 at 5.60.
Oh, and the best part of the news is no Marlon's game today.
Oh!
I'll wait till you hear the reason behind this
on this sports nerd station.
Because they want as soon as they get us off of here,
this is only the highest rated station by far
in this radio station again in this last trend.
Before they finally move us out of here today,
they want to make sure they hop into that sports stuff
right away, you know.
As soon as possible, so we don't miss the opportunity
of squeezing off of this dandy thing.
Yeah, they want to squeeze you, Danny,
but you're not my type.
But don't take it personal sweetheart.
Three minutes before 11 at 5.50 WQM.
I will activate it.
Now, what you do, WQM?
I head for a party day.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, honey?
Let's just go to the present and I'll be honest.
This is my state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who stuff that were pretty hot.
But Bill, he's here to tell you that girl.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and rip away pants.
But when they looked at me, they were under my triumphs.
Wow.
You think you're a bitch?
Wow.
You think you're something else.
So, Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
Not known and pressed me much.
I'm not.
Well, you got the prayer and God of you got the touch.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
I won't keep me warm in a mill.
No.
That doesn't press me much.
I'm here.
Let's do it while I'm jelly.
I think you remember this one.
She had a tape recorder that she kept on her phone.
And after she ate steak, she was barely the bone.
She got herself the life of Amanda.
I'm not.
Tell me, talk.
But she still has ugly as a hockey puck.
Well, I'm not.
They're like she's the best.
I'm not.
Well, I'm not.
They're like she's the best.
So, Linda Tripp got some surgery.
That don't impress me.
I don't believe I should.
I don't believe.
Well, you got the prayer and God of you got the touch.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Yeah, I'll bring you all right.
But now I'm giving up on every middle of the night.
That's not the best thing I've ever seen.
Thank you for your everybody.
Oh, yeah, I'm on this next one.
A big, chunky girl with a bird ball of the right.
That damn gas dress nearly for the way.
Well, the secret mating's in my car and door.
I could have taught Will Chamberlain the hottest girl.
What's the big, big, big, big girl?
What's the big, big, big girl?
Some Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That no been testin' me much.
Well, you got the prayer and God of you got the touch.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Well, I'm gonna give you all right.
But now I'm giving you all right.
That damn gas dress nearly for the way.
But now I'm giving you all right.
That damn gas dress nearly for the way.
I'm on this next one.
Well, I tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin Star.
When she gets murdered, I think her offspring should hatch.
Big old wags, and an ass too much.
Whoa!
The secret mating's in my car.
How I've lost it makes me suffer.
So, Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from New York.
Not no been testin' me much.
Well, you got the prayer and God of you got the touch.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Well, I'm gonna give you all right.
Well, that one, he never ever met my man.
I'm a liar.
But now the press may rise.
Thank you.
That is my second women's dress.
I gotta be honest.
I'm not too happy with Danny, boy.
I realized he had no control over this.
This whole thing was orchestrated by the dolphin organization.
So, let's direct our rant of them.
We had a Marlin exhibition game scheduled for 1250 this Saturday.
And I'm sure that most of our audience with much rather here
the Marlin exhibition game, they're not crappy show right?
Absolutely.
And now we're gonna push it out.
Are we gonna carry it?
No.
No, now we gotta go to two o'clock.
Because like I said, they don't want to have no stupid Marlin exhibition game on it.
When they get the hump right on it too.
And start this tremendous uppouring of emotion about Danny retiring today.
You see any uppouring on our phone?
No.
No, I see one call on there.
Do I want to talk about it?
No.
Of course not.
Of course I'm not gonna talk.
What is there to say?
I heard those stupid calls on the morning show this morning,
including the people taking a cheap shots, morons, those New Yorkers,
those obnoxious disgusting stereotypical New Yorkers
with a disgusting sound that makes you want to barf your last 400 meals out.
Makes you wish that they would ride the subway with Bernie Gett.
Exactly.
God, disgusting, grotesque.
So, I think that we ought to put the guy there ball game on.
What do you say?
Let's have the guy then game on.
Now,
Josie Lamby, by the way.
Right, it's a great thing about our good close personal friend, Al Goldstein.
You know how?
Everybody knows how?
I'm a fat Jew.
That's him.
He's in love again.
That's right.
His new, uh, his new, uh, squeeze 63 year old.
Now, he's 63.
I have no idea how old she is.
How old is she, George?
41.
41.
That's pretty old for him.
Oh, it's right in there.
Sorry, Josie.
Linnea Quigley, the star of a silent night, deadly night.
All these horror flicks.
And she says,
we were introduced by porn star Ron Jeremy.
She and Al right after she came out of a mental institution.
That's made it happen.
Exactly.
Two crazy people.
Are we hearing wedding bells yet again?
Not a chance, is Al a veteran of four divorces?
Is there a chance?
No.
No.
But if she'll get closer after touching, she must be crazy.
That's all we can say about that.
And by the way, speaking of crazy,
Pete Folger, you're doing it, baby.
This is the guy who said,
we will win.
We'll win.
Oh, man.
I guess penis vagina and clitoris aren't enough to put that bitch in the afternoon on top again.
Now she's been on it.
This Liz who drives this wild.
She's got the same number that her predecessor had.
Basically,
nothing, nothing.
They got fractions on that station.
A point eight, a 1.0, a 1.2.
They got squat is what they got.
We will win.
That's what Pete Folger says.
Just keep saying penis and vagina, honey.
You might get up to a one one.
Are we seriously doubted?
Just desperate and pathetic.
And you notice, by the way, the Pope sudden,
the sudden desire for an acceptance for his apology.
This comes right on the heels of that book about Pope Pius XII.
Is it just a coincidence?
No.
Oh, yeah, just a coincidence.
Now that all of that's out of the closet too,
well, we're sorry, you know, we're really sorry.
Will you forgive us?
No.
See, what's the point of forgiving the people?
Because most of the people who use the apology to our dead already,
killed by his kindness and his predecessors.
They're all dead.
How about Galileo?
See, it's always hundreds of years after the fact,
it's 70 years after the fact, 60 years.
It's always a little bit too late.
They apologize.
We're awfully sorry that we were killing all these people
through all these years and doing these grotesque things.
And also, how come he didn't apologize for all the stone age policy that is?
Like, forcing all these unwanted goddamn babies to be made?
Did he apologize for that?
No.
In fact, he was like pretty general.
You know, like, I forgive him.
Come on.
Forgive him.
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hello, to hell.
All right.
There you go.
Good one.
There is dead.
That's a middle of your response here on a very emotional day in this town.
Neil, go to hell.
Here's Pemberpines.
Our last call.
Hello.
I'm going to get to follow that great call right there.
Right for me.
I'm here.
The only call I got, man.
These people got nothing to say.
It's another Monday in Paradise.
I think they're all on.
They got nothing to say.
They're all crying.
Danny Boy, we're here today.
They're taking it.
They're going to take it down.
Glenn Hill dies.
Frank Lard's losing his sight of an eye.
All of these things, the Pope Fondes and Guad you had him pan on the head or something.
Yeah, but the people got nothing.
They're waiting for two o'clock when they can wake up and then they'll, they're going to go
all through this little random rape.
And they can repeat all the same crap.
We heard on a morning show this morning.
Exactly.
And the Hanoi, what is there to say?
He was great.
We love them.
Thanks for the memories.
And now let's go on with life.
What is the point?
We have to have a ulogy here.
The guy looks pretty healthy to me.
He's okay.
He's not going to miss any meals exactly. I don't think he's missing one meal at all
You know is this Christ. It's like a sickness this sports thing here. It's a sickness
Yeah, but it ain't actually you know, Wayne actually gave a nice look of speech there, you know
Yeah, well he may always is a suck up
He always says the right things in public always lies like to his teeth except for that one thing
You know about the arena that wasn't the right thing to say but he's reading right every other time
But I just want to say you know
You look forward to hearing you like because I'm gonna be off this week because I got surgery tomorrow
So I'll be looking forward to listening to you everything. What are they taking out?
It's what they're putting in putting in a new tenon my ankle. Oh
I don't know a pacemaker. Yeah, I'm hoping they don't stick anything up there, you know the other side there and
Yeah, that's where I'm afraid of well, keep your wits about your pal
I think we're one of those chaffee balls when I go in this keep us saying can I get a witness just keep listening to that song good luck
That's it. Okay. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and that's it go to hell nail screw you to you son of a bitch
You rotten bastard because you won't you won't preside over four hours of crap here today. No, I won't
No, I won't and maybe if you look at your numbers Blufflin D instead of being such a jackball you don't understand that this is never
Oh, but Danny marino. He's bigger than life. They're gonna name a street after him. What we do?
He's a goddamn football player was good one
One of the maybe the maybe the greatest quarterback of ever lived you know something great
That's for you Danny. I love you always a big Danny marino fan
And no the the ironic part about this whole thing is that the last month of the season when they were losing their god damn ass
All of these people calling on this station one after another. Oh, he's thanks these are socks these you know just rip it
Manass
Who they're gonna have to pick on now and you notice who was conspicuous by his absence?
Why Tony was a piece of crap?
This was the one show on this radio station where you heard the truth right from the beginning about that relationship
Danny and Jimmy Jimmy and Danny they hit each other like poison
But the other people on this station some of whom have got their heads deep inside somebody
Yeah, they couldn't tell you the truth about that
Because that wouldn't be a good policy that would be bad to come on here and tell it like it is
So leave it to Fatal Neal to have to come on and tell you that they hit each other like poison
There wasn't that a classless disgusting act. He don't even show his face there at all then he put Jimmy Puss
Whatever hell his name is
piece of third
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello. Hi, how you doing?
Yeah, great two things regarding the folks, you know
Maybe you said I'm sorry, but then he's on his way to Israel and he asked them to remove the Jewish star from an ambulance
That's gonna be following him around oh
So what's he saying? I'm sorry where if he's doing more anti-slometic things?
Second I changed its box. Yes
Regarding Jimmy Johnson, I realized that Danny didn't mention him at the press conference at all
But I didn't even know he wasn't there until you just said it wasn't there didn't show that's disgusting
Neckrokesk yep, all right. Have a nice day. I'm back to you was Jimmy there. No, no, he was not there
He was conspicuous by his absence
Because he's a third burger kind of big mouth
Night shul in the back set him up for the big fall then came in here always with finger pointing like he's on there all the time
Fingerpoint I have it's everybody else's fault. We got a shot. Yeah, we got a shot
Tragic you're sad Jimmy everybody hates you like poison
Except the course for
Connected at your hip, you know that was for people who want to be your drinking buddy
13 times 11 at 560 WQN
Woke up at 2 p.m. Face down in a gutter my mouth tasted like mong
My brain is like butter
Crawled up on my feet
Brushed myself off
Little for stoke
Started to cough
Reach in my pocket pulled out my trusted AM radio
That ready for the evening with a stand major shot
Got ready for the evening
Here he is
Dave Capreda he's still alive. I'm gonna be like Dan Marino. I'm announcing my retirement
Yeah again from life. How many times can he retire? I don't know
So
Too bad
Glenn died
Well
If you could have had a little press conference like Dan did before when he would have checked it out
That's right. I think everybody should have a press conference before they have to check up. That's a good point
Ted Bundy, yeah, that's right. At least Glenn Hills should have been there. He wouldn't read all that porno
I think that's what did him and
I'd have something to do with the bird too when he came right down with all those Phoebe Kate's pictures
Yeah, yeah, well, I figured I would call and
What are you doing these days? Are you unemployed again? I am not unemployed. You make me see all my
Morning show and Palm Beach somewhere and somebody called said Capreda God can and that's the last thing I heard heard about he would about you
Let me tell you what I did. Yeah, I've done some TV
I was in a play that I told George about and just now he was that he was very nice saying that he was sorry
Couldn't make it this play got like fixed great reviews. There was like huge
Don't believe you're right. He's sorry. You couldn't make it don't believe that he just had nudity of course. I'm sorry
I didn't yeah, you could have seen me naked if you had come. Oh, I said nobody here is sorry that they didn't make it well
I looked pretty damn good if you say so okay
So any of that's it
That's it. That's all you have to say after our good close friend the bird dies
And that's all you have to say well
I was already so depressed that come on the Saturday night after that horrendous panthers black Hawks game
I mean I was just wild and then I flipped through the tape and I see that Brian Barard gets his eye
Poked out and he's ever gonna play again and to blood all over the ice and then I go to the answering machine
There's your message that the bird has died. Yeah, well
I was it sure because you have such a great network of
Spies and everything but my Johnny dark called this morning
I guess called George this morning, but wait wait. Well when did this happen what they did he died? It was
Friday the last time I talked to was actually was over the internet
We used to like up BS together over the email and yeah, I was like the last time was like November
He wasn't he wasn't doing too well then so we used to just like do for each other and I was asking how he was doing
And he was getting pretty rough in the next thing I know somebody said he was a
Clan yeah, so all the listeners want to know because I was debating somebody just a few minutes ago
They were saying how did he need Glenn? How did Glenn get on your show anyway? He used to bother you or something on
I and Z
Now you're gonna put it in terms like that he used to come in and bother me
Well, no, I mean, I say that affectionately he used to come in to your show
Kind of come in with the mail when I was doing daytime that I and Z used to bring in the mail
Uh-huh, and then
He used to come and he would sit himself. He kind of injected himself into the show
I mean the littered leather literally not father, but he and Jack and he would sit down
He would like you know how he had to walk with that gimp because he had MS
Sometimes with the cane and sometimes would not and you would fall down a lot, but nevertheless he'd come in and sit down and he would just
Laugh a lot
Hey, how you doing everybody? You start laughing, you know, I say hey as a Tuesday, you laughing
So in other words you had somebody on your show on a regular basis not out of
Talent or abilities, but out of sympathy is what you're saying now are you are the guys not even more
Cordia than the ground and you're already taking a shot at him. He would be laughing his ass
He's terrible. That's bad. They use it out of sympathy
I wasn't sympathy just injected himself there. That's all it was ahead its moment
Glad is looking down from here. He's a professional suck hole now and then he used to come in and laugh
People when it wasn't funny you'd come in and laugh and didn't say too much and he wasn't getting paid for it
In fact, I don't really remember what his real job was you. Oh, you know what his job was he was kind of like the entertainment editor on
Zeta
He was
Don't you remember he used to do I love 94 was the entertainment editor in the movies were always about
CBK the teen girl. Yeah, yeah
Paradise really aims in the book shields and will he aims and will he aims yeah and the PBK?
We'd be safe and the Martin Scorsese just came out with a new movie this weekend. Why are you talking about beach blanket?
Crumpling yeah
And so anyway when they said they wanted me to do mornings on Zeta I said oh well, okay
Well, naturally we got to have the bird on there. Yeah, so you can't do a morning show alone
You weren't there in the beginning that's right for the first couple days they had that that guy what that was his name?
What was his name? I can't remember long long gone he was popped up all over
He used to work places for like about two weeks and then disappear
He had a problem. Yeah, no problem, but anyway, so I had got on air and worked about two or three days
He was very upset because he didn't want to he didn't want to be he was a very macho guy
You know, he'd like the fact that I was making all these bad comments you know on here and he just he couldn't handle it
So he and of course leave leave very good
Lee something ugly
Yeah, he was an Indian
He was not an Indian don't be knocking the Indians for crying out loud
Jesus Christ
The window because I was in the phone that and he would be sitting stuffed in the
Somebody remember what his name was boy. He showed up at more. I'd be in Vegas
I'd turn on the radio and there he would be on here doing a show in Vegas
We like lead you let somebody call them. Thank you
I lead you left, huh? What a close shave that was huh?
He got such a sour look in his face when he was sitting between you guys. Yeah, like he did not want to be there
I'm trying to remember where the hell you got injected into what if somebody sick you on me
I think I was just telling a friend of mine. We were talking about Glenn and all was I got fired from the breakfast club and
They were going I was going back on weekends and I says well if Neil needs any help in any way like with phones or something
Yeah, and they were like yeah, right so anyway over the weekend before you started that Monday
They sure enough they called and they said listen
Neil's gonna need somebody to run the board and answer the phones you want to do it? I said hell yeah
Yeah, and eat and I'll never forget after eating and eat right and after two days
I wasn't allowed to say anything and I
Kindly went into the other room and just quietly asked you I said do you mind if I turn my mic on once in a while
And you were so nice people don't realize they think you're such a bastard. Yeah, I'm a prick
But you were like oh, yeah, go ahead and it turned into one of the it was great
Probably the greatest show that was ever on here in this market was the show we had in the morning on Zeta
I got more exposure out of that show than anything
But you know something you remember that we used to have to come in early and of course we made a habit out of it
But we were doing them a favor
But we came in early to test the board because a lot of days the guy didn't equipment would work
This seems to be a thing that follows me around every station I go to they give me a bunch of cheap crap and the equipment doesn't work
Because they share like your talents over well. Yeah, right. You know cuz they're a bunch of cheap pricks. That's why
God
What was the what was the story tell the story about the general manager that time when we were number one
Tim Williams and he was like
The old man I've ever known in my life dumber than Greg Reed Tim Williams
Yeah, oh yeah, well they were cracking under the pressure remember from wacky Jackie Thompson and all the other stuff
They were getting and they were just crumbling under the pressure and being a little this hick operation out of Maine
Again at broadcasting there so they they fired Gary what that was the name the general manager Gary
Good close friend. He was a good Gary Lawrence. Oh, yeah
They fired him. He was a great guy and then they put in Tim Williams who was the son-in-law of the woman their own
The radio station and he's the general manager in his middle name
We call him one day were kicking ass. We just a matter of months Zeta which at that time was not
Exit that they had no numbers the rest of the day we come in that station just we knocked off every morning show one by one
We knocked in fact we put Greg Videl into a mental institution, but
Yeah, and he calls me says well, you know
It's great be a number one and all but I'd rather be a safe number three
I can see a handle be a number three. No, no a safe number three. I said how do you do that?
How do you be a safe number three and he went?
Like that and then of course it was the beginning of the end and why the hell I got out of there
You said you said I could be number one and hell if you give me a chance
He said I can even be last, but how do you be number three? Yeah?
How do you do that? How can you be a safe number three?
Two but number three
You tell wrote me an email saying was really sorry to hear about Glenn and where's he waiting table this week?
You know, I've been in Indiana somewhere really Indiana Watson. Yeah, nobody else does
But I sure hope he don't take it personal because he'll wind up back in a wacky jacket again
You know, he was he was real nice and but he said something interesting
He says oh well what I can remember about Glenn is when he used to really rip me when he was on the ocean
I was like that's not what this is about this guy died. Yeah, and well, that's do now
He's still taking it personal. Oh, yeah, that's him and the rest of his life. Oh, he hated me the guys dead already
I'm ready hated me, you know that's the whole thing. Well, listen, they take care of yourself
And we'll talk again when somebody dies
Okay, well, I mean, it's just the way it is. You know how that is
I'm sure a lot of you have people you never speak to but then somebody dies and you get a message and they speak to them
Look at look at this phone. They talk about dying. Why what an appropriate topic here on the oh, I'd by the way
WFA and WAFS today show up in the this trend
No, not one that's six months. They've been on here nice. Go on Barry jackass into Miami, Harold. They still didn't show up
And guess who their first interlocketer was after the adan marino press conference this morning
Roy. Yeah, does that tell you how desperate they are over at Waffen
We're laughing at Waffen and very jackass and a hero if we're trying to put it put it over on us didn't work did it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45
Anybody have a heart or a liver? Hello, I'm Linda trip recently. I had 30,000 dollars worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face
People have been asking me lately. How I feel
Well to tell you the truth I feel great
I feel like I could touch the sky
No more dark circles underneath these beautiful eyes
People compliment me on my brand new nose. I put my hair in pretty pink ribbons and balls
Yes, cuz I'm a sexier woman since my new surgery
I think I'll have the judge over for dinner and tea
I'll turn my head. You'll treat me great and then we'll burn those silly taste
I could then lose a little weight, but I feel great
1133 at 560 WQ I am it's just they've killed us today. They butchered us. You know without the gun today
I saw him flop you really did it today
We just have no show what they don't understand is you can't you can't do that
You know if they wanted to see the dandy thing they could turn it on TV and see it anybody in their right mind
And that's that's not our crowd is that our crowd no
This is like coming on after a goddamn marlon's game
560 560
560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless live and then completed just finished it off. He put the frosting on it
You know what I mean? Uh-huh?
Here's Miami. Hello
Any idea. Yes, sir. How am I doing? You're my only call sir. Oh, you're the only one who cares enough
Actually, this is the first time I've called your show on a momentous day like this nobody cares
I know this is the first time I've called your show since I made call of the day back in the IOD days in the early 90s
So
I wanted to you know talk about the bird
The one moment I remember most
Exactly from someone
Every so often in the first couple years of IOD you would try to talk up records and try to nail it
Perfectly and there was the one time where you did the circles with rubber ball. Right. Oh, I got that
I got that. Yeah, I'd let the year that again. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right
Talk you again the fears. All right. Talk to you when somebody else dies
We're dying today boy. I'll tell you that. I'm a very lucky big time. I'll find that card by the way
I might be
What is it? What would we under it was the car that I had the question mark on always I don't see it back
But what was the call it was the one where we did the talk up to red rubber ball by the circle
It's not in the it's not in the DCS. It's in the milk crate in the milk crate
Oh, and all those cards. I'll find it. Hey listen
We got plenty of time to dig around for carts because we got nobody listening today and certainly nobody calling
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line boy. This is see they they just don't give a sandwich
I don't care. Just give me the paycheck twice a month. I don't care
I'm just like them now. I don't give a crap anymore. No phone system. It's sitting around on the floor somewhere
Got the program director calls me breathlessly yesterday at home. Oh, we're gonna even we're gonna blow out the ball game because we got this Dan
Marine Opress conference. See they did just don't get it. They don't understand
They do not understand
That's you just you can't the mix apples and the halivades. It just doesn't work together does it? No
I say let's carry tomorrow in game. Let's take a poll on that. Let's carry tomorrow's game at 1250
Let's just put it on there now
What I'm curious about is the joy they must be doing the game because they got a network. How does that work?
Do you know what I'm saying? How does that whole deal work? We'll just carry we'll carry like a couple of innings until Hank comes on
Because we're sure not gonna be doing no show here today. You can see that
Here's your call from D'Areal. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Oh long time no talk to brother long time. I actually
I'm back here visiting yeah, and I met out of Miami. I was one of your guys one of the guys trying to get out of here
I finally made it nice going. I did it's great. It's great and but I hear I listened to you over the internet
Which is my only saving grade
The only thing I good about Miami is the new luxury show. Right. That's what I always say. Yeah, no, I grew up on you
I was I remember going to the college and all that and
My mom started here about the bird. Yeah, he did
But my most memorable
Fund memory about the show was when you were playing my girl
Against a Stan major. Oh, yeah, you remember that? I do. Yeah, that was hilarious. You guys have a tape to leave it or not
I'm a bunch of your stuff taped and you guys were cracking up because it was so funny. Yeah, it was hilarious
You guys didn't have the best shot. I don't understand why yeah
Why they wanted to be a safe number three because there were a bunch of pussy's over there. That's why
But you guys were the greatest man. Thanks a lot. Okay. Yeah, just like Collins say you show still as good as ever
And uh having a good time listening to over the internet. Thank you for the internet. Thanks. Have a great life
There's a guy to cut out of here. There's a good guy. You can tell he sounded like a real normal living and breathing guy because you got out of here
Just in time. That's why
Look what we got here got a bunch of retards like those people come out to meet the hockey game before the game Saturday boy
I'll tell you guys you still just don't get it do you you're still just don't get it
Oh, yeah, the big black guy. What's his name there? The number eight. That video right that's where it's at
Is that where it's at? No, this team blows, baby
But don't try to tell that to those fans out there because they're a limo limo like that. They have no their clueless
clueless
If we could have just had
Brawl let me show those phones will be smoking
That's right and by the way, where's the rest of that money for center one screw-an
pitch
Saw her downstairs this morning. That was a hell of a way to start my day. She we done it with Gary Sarner to a play a little grandmas with each other
Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach hello
Hello, Neil. Are you doing okay, sir? Hey, uh, I want your thoughts on something true story my friend and I take on it. Yeah
Yeah, we yes, we were flying back from
Laufangilus and we had a connect them flight from Houston. Yes back to Fort Lauderdale
We were sitting waiting for the airplane a little late
So the students and the two pilots were there waiting on the plane and the two pilots fell asleep in the chair
What in the hell do you do about a situation like that?
I won't get out. I say hey, guy, you okay? I think you just to crank up for the food fighters learning to fly and you
Play real loud now get the hint
I couldn't believe it man. It was unreal. I just heard a report on the special about how
pilots were flying like too long in a day. Yeah, they they had this thing on about these thousands and thousands and thousands of flights
That were like should never have gotten off in the first place and all these horrendous things and complaints and guess what your line was the worst again
America worst
the worst oh my god
So if you value your life stay to hell off America. Yeah, thanks a lot Neil. Okay, good luck pal
Just mentioned and again try our friends at Las Vegas National Airlines. I think I better maybe I got to go out there today
What do you say? Uh-huh get there a lot of here
Now this is depressing the bird dies Brian Barard loses an eye his career is all done
We come in this morning our career is all done
Just just when we were making a comeback here in the trend and they screw up this highly rated show for a goddamn Dan Reno press conference
We love you Danny. We're a great guy, but was there any surprise there this morning? No
I mean if only we remember reporting it's day after day after day air be story in the front page the back page the sports section
The front page the comic section air be page the same crap here
We've had 72,000 articles written already and you want to be in dandelion bandstead hasn't written an article yet
Besides that stupid article last week about how he's got to stay and keep playing for the children
The only reason he didn't write an article you energizing poor little Danny marino boy is because he's not his band because he's not Cuban like leave on
Oh, yeah, we want a world series the Cubans we want a world series. Yeah that shocked a hell out of me
Did you know that the Cubans want a world series three years ago? No, that's what Dan Laband Street said
The crazy person probably still down there with a hangover at kaiyoto no doubt
Here's hi alia. Hello
Hey, Nail. Yes, sir
Hey, um, I'm called about that commercial. Have you seen the archdiocese of Miami? Oh, yeah, I've seen it that get ski comes on air
Well, what kind of business do they got running commercials now? I mean I mean I recorded is a bit hard about it Nail
My five-year-old daughter says why is that man wearing a dress? You're right exactly. She's
All right, Nail nice going to we are I mean your daughter anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Line time for you bastards to wake up
That's right. They're all drunk. They're in mourning. It's only not even noon yet
But they're drunk because they're all in mourning about Danny boy. Will there be life after Danny is what they're asking? No
When they think of that colorless list list of that team and a lot of people are saying hey, you know
I've been a dolphin for 120 years
But this day wants that because he's such a prick and because of the
They absolutely grotesque way that he handled this thing. I we hope he falls on his ass falls right on his rectum. Yeah
You watch you'll be screaming for old shula back didn't I say when a blue shula
I didn't I say that then he should stick around. No, but I did not the brain stem remember those great days
She needs people they get locked in like like things don't last forever
Like when I come out here do my last show on Wednesday. I mean, you know
You'll enjoy uh, what we're gonna have in here instead. We're gonna bring in a room. Oh, how about we live juice, huh?
Yeah, the two live Jews from Waffen that have no idea that have a big oh
Lea book
Here's a station that got their front page that got very jackass with a 400-part series trying to puff them up over there
And got Greg Reed so better to shape it even this cheap ass company paid their lawyers to sue them because they tried to hire the little dog
Yeah, that goofball that dickhead dick neck
And they have no audience
The all I'll say it again the only people who listen to that show are people who'd work here
Those are the only ones
The sports nerds who are counting the days until uh, we fly to hell out of this place
So they can have their little play toy to themselves
Who's gonna feed them by the way? Where they're gonna get all the good food that we get in here speaking of that by the way
Let's get some crap in here. I'm going back on Atkins now since I've been on this other thing which I've been cheating like crazy
But since I've been on the other thing my weight stays pretty much the same. I've kept off the 12 pounds. They're lost
I look lovely
But nevertheless, but my blood sugar is bad. Couldn't be all that candy happening could that uh, I might be it
Not seriously, but see on the Atkins if you cheat
Because of the fact that you're keeping your sugar nice and low the rest of the time you can you can maintain it
But my sugar has been really bad since I've been doing this fat and fiber thing
So we need to get back on the Atkins
Low fat Atkins that's what we need not all that fat not all that meat and cheese you know what I'm saying too much god
They're meat and cheese too much fatty meat and fatty cheese makes you like
Al Goldstein
You know when duck called yesterday and said about that press conference if I hit any balls that I said stuff it up
Your ass baby if you're running that thing I'm out. I'm obviously a Tuesday. That's what I should have said
This is how many hurdles can you or can this fat old you uh jump over this fat old effect?
How many hurdles how many impediments can we put in your place for you to jump over?
Does this audience is our audience care about Dan marino? No, no, I mean even the dolphin fans. There's nothing to say now. They care about Britney
Yeah, cuz she's got better teeth than he does in a better ass too
And she don't make her live in a whole putting her hands under some guys ass, but that might be more interesting to watch
We don't know that sure here's point and V. Hello
Hey, hey, Neil. I guarantee you she put her hands under the ass of those guys that are dancing with her there go ahead sir
Long time marino fan, but I tell you it's just time to move on yeah time to move on
Go right. Yeah, who's this bro? Okay, what happened to him? I didn't see this and I didn't see that
It was an accidental thing that happened. It was a Mary and Hosa from Ottawa was taking a shot and his sticky followed through and
Is stick what I write up in Brian's eye and the blood. She was gushing down around the ice and they rushed him to hospital
He's the lost the vision in that eye and his career is over
He was just 23 years old last week a hell of a good kid. He was the rookie of the year a couple years ago
And a good defenseman, but he's all done
tragic just like the panthers. Yeah tragic. That's the word. Yeah, it was a tragic weekend in hockey a lot of work
tragic day. I'm sorry about your friend Neil too. Okay. All right
I guess that's it. I should have wrote some material down. That was hey listen
I said I'm most of these guys just like a marino fan, huh?
He's not wasn't the brightest quarterback. Hey, but he was pretty good. No, he's not the brightest guy
But he's a good guy. You know the color for you know
He did a lot of great stuff in this stuff and I'll say it again
I'm glad you reminded me of this this town did not deserve Dan marino because they never gave the credit that he deserved and now
He's a Pittsburgh we should have traded him for cordelle when while we could have got something
Ever great thing. Oh, yeah
Yeah, it is we need a young athletic black quarterback a panjibal like cordelle Stewart. That's what we need
Listen to all those big and if I had if I had $10 for everyone of those calls on this station last five years
I could retire right now and now all of a sudden he retires and then the shock just oh, well, what do we do now?
What do we do now? We got nobody to bash now
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line the Pope wants a god damn
forgiveness from everybody in the world
He wants just yeah, that's right
He wants the entire world to give him a forgiveness for his god damn all his sins and all the crap the church has done ever since the god damn invented
I will I give it that's right F&A
How about for all to and did he mention the altar boys they molested no he didn't mention that either
Yeah, right. They're still working on those. I'm sure they are feverishly
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 West Coast over there in four Myers. They care about Danny Boyd
Oh, they care about anything those long heads over there on a West Coast nothing not a touch not a feel not a squeeze
877 7 8 5 63 45 bluff Lindsey you've really done it now mr
Mr. Meathead you think because Archie Bunkering on a year anymore all in the family. You think meatheads gone wrong
We got a meathead right over here
All of you don't understand this is important stuff where the sports station you're the flunky station is what you are okay
That we're holding up here amid day between ten and two hold it up
And believe me my arms are getting really tired
That's what the food fighter is the same guy damn thing they said
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes. Yeah. Where do I send flowers for Danny?
Probably do it by the way
Why why why is he called Danny and not damn because he's a jock all jocks if they're 80 years old
It's called a Bobby and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy Mandage right no you know that now that's interesting
That's one of the one exception and our Joey Rose we'd ever called him Joey now because they're not chock's anymore
Now that's a making difference. Neil Bobby Valentine. Well, that's right. He's still here who makes you more viscerally sick
Yeah George W. Bush or Joe's that that that that that he
It's a tie
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 now jock sports anybody connected with any kind of sports
Tommy Tommy Henrick Tommy Houghton time ability anybody Billy Tommy Donney
Yeah, that's what it is Jimmy and Danny
You wouldn't would you call him Jim. Yeah, you wouldn't call him Jimmy Johnson. You know what you call him?
He's an asshole. Yeah, that's what you call him
The gangster coach how Cecil do it by the way Jimmy you still talking about Cecil these days no
Your grave robber your gangster coach. Hey Jimmy Johnson despise him
Not personally. I don't know him personal. It's strictly business
But personal I also still think he's an asshole especially the way he treated Danny boy
And you notice they gave Danny an opportunity to take a little shot there this morning
He just he's too classy. The guy's not gonna do it
Even though they hate each other like poison and even nobody on the station including his good buddy Joe Rose would tell out on the air
Would you Joe? Oh, because you don't have any balls
Should have seen in there on channel six you saw Danny on channel six this morning. Oh my god
Looks like he was gonna start weeping any minute and why did he weep?
Here's a mobile and cook at a creek hello
In the old how you don't think because he works here. That's why he weeps. Yes sir. June grade
Now New vision I called is a girl first of all sorry about blend or about the bird
We've got a contact
What is it we talk each other? No
Okay, and I'm not crying yeah as far as I but okay the reason I called was about the
election tomorrow. Yes
Okay, I was curious to know what your
Just either the issues are on the strong mayor. You mean and brown?
Yes, no my answer is no
You want to know why because ten Danny is for it and because he aspires to be it and the best way to make sure he don't get it is to vote
against it
What about single-member districts?
Sure
I'm all for that but now I'm not sure that the strong mayor they hooked up to the referendum one inside the other
What do you mean one inside the other another one one calls the same referendum calls for the strong mayor and single-member
No, but then there's another one that calls for the single-member without the strong mayor. There's two different issues
Oh, there is okay because I wasn't sure trust me
Okay, well and as far as like you said about Danny and as far about the dolphins you know what would be the biggest
biggest joke in the world is the dolphins made the place
That'd be the biggest joke in the world
Meaning what?
Is that the data need Danny?
You think they're going to make the playoffs next year?
The honest with you anything is possible in football. No, they're not going to make the playoffs and have a nice day
Are we talking football here? No, I don't care if they make the playoffs
I hope they've once that falls in his ass because that's another thing
The last press conference that we carried which was uh, whatever hell I was a year ago plus a year and a half ago
That phony jimmy johnson press conference where he was supposed to be tired
Remember that that was more the same thing
Where the public was manipulated and lied to and I had to be the one guy to come on here and tell you that jimmy was a using day
They've uh once that as a
lackmailing chip that's what it was all about
Did anybody else on the station report that no because they all got their heads up the organizations collective ass
That's why
Never going to hear the truth out of any of the sports nerds in his town because they all they're all sucking each other's uh, but for whatever
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach hello
Hello Neil Ronnie James. Yeah, sir. I got a call this morning from Johnny dark
So we told we the news about the bird that was a terrible thing to hear uh, uh, Johnny went and saw him
About a month ago. He really wasn't doing so good, right?
Sad day
losing the bird dammarino. I you know it's time to go but yeah, at least dammarina still got his help in his family and millions and millions of dollars
Yeah, absolutely. You know the I called back in about 1990 I think that well you might remember this call sure
It was a day that
It was a day that the bird was on the air and you were like on your way into the studio
You were late and then it was about when you were getting ready to fire the bird
I was sucking up the bird I said to you know you could do a show on your own and you don't need that Neil Rogers
And you came into the studio and rip my ass and your rip his ass. It was absolutely hilarious
Yeah, that was it
Well, you know, I when I used to have to run a kitchen go downstairs and nature would be calling and he would come and sit in my chair and do the show
And back at iod we actually had a monitor unlike this place where naturally they don't want you to hear what's going on the air
Especially between the day
But they had a monitor on and I could hear and and like old ladies were oh you're so wonderful and that's the best and he's such a
Best it uh, yeah, and he's sitting there sucking up to him. You know, I was out of here
I'll just second you arrived and I always said down in the uh
Which which by the way always feeds on the process too
Leave me
And have everything
Thanks for the memory. Yeah, I do remember that call remember that call. No
Hey listen when you get as many calls as I've had last 24 years you can remember each and every one
Yeah, last Tuesday I had three calls today. I had four or five and that's where it goes in this town
It's the needlebags for phone calls sure when they love it. They love that they are obsessed with that
Positive are you sure see I gave it that it was like jeopardy
I gave it the answer before you asked the question how do you like that
By the way Rick and suds made a little bit of a comeback there and I see these numbers is this uh rating thing
They suck they're full of crap
The only one thing we do know for sure is picking a suck is that uh, oh that that's station that they're on
What is it WLUZ lose big loser radio something like that
Stupid talk. Yeah, we're gonna win. Yeah, people are you you're gonna win. All right the booby prize
You're a moron you're an idiot and a grave robber and a life destroyer besides see on the day when I'm announcing that glingis died
It's appropriate that I should be ripping people's awareness because this man has destroyed more goddamn people
In fact a pope is a piker compared to him
People you ought to be walking around with a dress and a schmata on like the pope because you're the same the same boat
The same guy damn banana boat
destroyer of human lives of careers
Doesn't give a crap just continue sucking the corporate ladder and going on with these stories
Oh, we will win with his memos and he was so proud that he faxed over here and I read it on the ear did that do any good
We don't know you still a piece of crap. You still got fractions over there 50,000 lots of piranha dollar ready crap schmit
That's what you got you can smell it
You tune on 940 you can smell it
After 10 in the morning. I'm sorry Phil
Well, are you sure nobody wants to hear those tapes actually? He's doing okay at night
Went from a one-nine to a two-one which is the only number they got all day over a one something by the way
In any demographic that's what they got is fractions and ones
With 50,000 watts
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes, sir. Oh, yeah great
You know Jimmy Johnson I am a firm believer in that they made Johnson yeah
Ended Marinos career with the crap he did the last four years and holding them back and I let him check off on any plays
Yeah, well, I don't want to go into that they hated each other better
He's very spending nine years old almost and he's 39 years old. How long do you think he can play?
I agree with you. He was done. I know yeah, but Jimmy Johnson was an asshole. I think we all knew that already that is correct
Thank you. Okay, there you go. Here's a guy that's a Jimmy Johnson. He's an asshole. I second-ed him ocean
Piece of crap
Dan Marinos got more class in his little finger than Jimmy Johnson will ever have it as old big fat disgusting pork-ridden body
I'll tell you that right now Mr. Gangsta coach
And that's another thing you notice when they asked Marino
Quill would he be interested in coaching and he said oh, I can never coach the kind of guys playing today and he laughed yet had big like
Joker smile on his push
Caesar Romero oh
He's dead too. Uh-huh. Damn it. Is he dead?
You don't know
We keep coming up with this and every time we say he's dead
Caesar Romero. He's dead. Okay. He's dead. Is he dead? I don't know. Oh, you know, I was just there. Say was Burgess Meredith. He's dead. How about Smokey Burgess?
Four minutes. How about Meredith Baxter Bernie
Before noon at 560 WQM
The Neil Roger show sports radio 560
Q
Hey, hey, say what who okay? I think we got the let me get a little bit more compression going here
Little little bit. He'll most of the gravelers
I'm gonna fight for it. Hey 75 degrees and the magic city. Hey, we're broadcasting life hold on a second
Let me let me stop that over
75 degrees and the magic city hills over great storm all over your radio dial come on now with it
We're gonna get down to that. We're gonna dread smoothly. It's the right time. We'll just let's say hello by talking about
Oh
He's been through the
He's watching mom and dad
He's been through the
He's the most we ever had
Mom and dad were playing tag like they're on the bed
Mommy was our phobies as a teleport daddy's head
Mommy's head was thawed and she almost got whipped wash. I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nutmush sash
They've been through the T-hole
I'm sure what I see
But I sure do like T-Morris and anything on TV
Mom and dad were so together like my linking wrong
West I'm ice for something like that
Mom was yelling at the door
Dad was breathing heavy
Mom was on her knee
He was just had a booboo cause she's just been wearing peeves
He's been through the T-hole
Watching mom and dad
He's been through the T-hole
The most we ever had
We watched it a little longer and I started to get sick
If daddy's name is Helmer
Why mom asked for dick?
Daddy's grown in his eye full back
Mommy wanted more
She went back on top of him but all he did was through
He's been through the T-hole
Has her many hats
I can't wait to drive his cell
I'm so thrilled in my class
All right
I can't wait to drive his cell
I'm so thrilled in my class
Hey, what else I found?
Before I talk about great memories, Nostalgia
Not cute up
Anyways, through about three at five sixty WQM
Look at these phones baby
A hour smoking
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Out of time, is that line nine working here today or what?
Huh?
Yeah, that one's working about seven
Yeah
And four
Can't play but on the phone system today it's just these people
It's just these goddamn nerds, these deadheads
Okay, here's a mobile in Neuramar
Hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Sorry about the bird
He was ready in a training
I used to listen to him when I worked at Bay Chef
And
Number two about the Pope of Pollygians
Let's take the same posture you and your audience
Took about
A Pollygians for slavery in this country
The Pope was nobody in the positive
Somebody in Pollygians for slavery
How about that?
He what?
The Pope was no one in the Pollygian
Till the Caucasian race of Pollygians for slavery
How about if the dark race
Pollygians for the fact that they saw
That they saw their own people to be slaves
How about that?
How about the Afro-Counters of Pollygians first
Sir
You're breaking up, I'm breaking up
You're breaking up already
All of a sudden it's here in the mirror clear went out
Okay, we got the one columnist board
It's a good time
Yeah, yeah, yeah
For the great taste
Yeah, that's why I said it's a special
I look in those carts on the floor there
And look at the miracle I found
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60
Here's our last call for phone calls today
Boy, I think we're going to put that goddamn Marlon's game
Unless these phones start smoking here
12 50 you got 45 minutes to talk to you guys
We can just pop that baby right on there
Get you on Dave Hunter with a big
Indians in the Marlon
Here's a mobile and zero B
Tello
Yeah, Neil
Yes, sir
Hey, I was wondering
It's cut the flyers game last night
And what you thought about it
I saw parts of it
What do you mean what I thought about it
What does that mean
Well, I just I was used for our fans
Just to be I just can't get
Why Lindroff can't
Can't pick up a game like he does every night
I mean he could control the game and then
What would he mean?
He can control the game
What do you mean by that?
What it was?
Think of they got feet
They got feet better
Better team last night
Got a common idol's fire
Well, they got killed last night
They they came out flat
But I just was wondering
What your pain was with Lindroff
It seems like
Something like he shows up and something like he does last night
That is correct
There's a lot of players like that
Something like they show up and something like they don't
That's correct
Yeah, that whole team seemed to me last night
Did they in show up at all
Yeah
I just I don't know
I just
I just wanted to know if you're
I think I hate to break the news to you
But the the concept of winning
Based on how many goons can you have on the team
And that was a really brilliant penalty
By primo there in the last two
When I've been into the game
And I had to put the goole back
And then basically for
Forfid 80 chance they had to get back
And how many goons does it need to make a team
You know they're just not
They're still living in a pass
The Broadway bullies and all that bullcraft
Not gonna it's not gonna
Forget it
Yeah, I think the broad street broad
I asked I mean forget it
It depends who you ask
How many do they need if you ask block
I think they need about five or six more
Yeah well
They're gonna win like that
Last night another prime example
Speed speed ticked her behind
Yeah
But they do it out against that
Anything ready for a peak
So so what do you want me to say
They're just they're getting beat
When they play a team it's better
They are they get beat
You think we're just gonna take a
Walk if you get rid of them
No, what does that mean
One guy doesn't win the game
It takes all it takes that's one
He guys do with a game
Not not one guy
Yeah, but it seems like when he
When he goes through just kind of goes through the motion
The whole team just gonna
Okay, we'll take him okay
We'll take him right now
Panthers will take Lindross
Right?
Okay, we don't like him
He's dirty
Etc
So on when we take him
Uh huh
We'll swap him for Robbie even up right now
Just double up the number 44 to 88
567056
He pounded 56 on the AT&T line
877
Here's the mobile and Kendall
Hello
Yeah
Yes sir
I ain't got it
Okay
I'm gonna say that
Let's get him
Oh my
Okay, come me back when your phone works
Okay, this is special today
This is someplace special for crap
Here's Miami
Hello
Miami
Mobile in Lantana, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Good afternoon
You a long time listener for a time caller
Why would a bunch of idiots today on the phone
Uh huh
I'm gonna apologize for the Africans
When health freezes or what a joke
Listen, I just want to say love you show
Yeah
Okay
Here's our last call mobile in Miami, hello
I um
First let me ask you what did bird uh die of
Hey miss
Oh wow
All right, I wanted to know that and then let me ask you to know
Last week you said that your your house got bandalized
Did you ever decide to get a gun or not?
Yeah, I decided
Did you get it?
I bet for me to know when everybody else to guess
Oh
All right
Yeah
All right, I got you know that's because that's definitely the right thing to do that that is right
You are the greatest I am and have a great and I really love you God bless you
Yeah, we took our poll in case you missed it probably mostly you missed it in fact
You mostly you missed the big end of the show because nobody had any deal with a goddamn show was gonna start today
And now we're still trying to catch up and make something out of make a goal out of god damn chicken droppings again here today
We had an amazing and astonishing response to our polls
Between us and the ratings that just came out we must have somebody listed out there
1333,000 and what was it the final total
1448 votes
523 or 146 some god damn thing here it is
523 said yeah, I had to buy a gun 523 said don't buy the gun even Steven 50 50
It doesn't get much more even in that right no anymore even in that
523 so I would split right down a middle
But what you must understand is that there's a big difference between the gun nuts the gun lovers and those who have guns because we realize that we live in a barbaric slaughterhouse
So please don't love those of us who had the discussion or who voted on the yes side of this with the NRA nutcases
Because like I said, it's pretty embarrassing to travel around the world and when you say you're an American they say oh another asshole with a gun
Because that's the way the civilized world looks upon us assholes with gun fetish with a sickness
In fact wasn't it just over this weekend that they had other scharzer would have gone up there where the hell was that one?
Memphis somewhere Memphis Tennessee
What the hell was that song Hank was singing that song on the Friday on the air what that was a song Johnny Rivers
Forced at a town no not the poor side of town about Memphis Tennessee come on poor side of town no wonder Glenn died
He always he always was the press that you hated him so bad
I think that's what put him over the edge if you ask me
I don't want to put the weight of his death on your shoulders, but in this case I'll make an exception I can bear it. Okay
But not in front of me, please
Save it for the swing club Mr. Hot shot
He's got a beard. Oh god. What a thought
I'd rather see myself naked and quite frankly when I stand in front of the mirror I squint
10 past noon at 5.50 WQA
That's incredible to me and credible. What a joke. What an embarrassment
She fools the people when she's acting nice
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
But Hillary Clinton is told as ice
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'll make you a lady act with the airman
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Mr. Julie Annie yelling us so well
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Now Rudy did you hear about this one
Where she said you're built with the funds
Rudy what would you say to Clinton? Hey lady
Are you screwing much
If you believe
Hillary Clinton you do
Man, are you too
If you believe
It's not been a first
Thank you
Club 16 at 560 WQ and the gravity eyes doesn't come to your appearances wow
Maybe if I offered him a ride this Saturday noon to two at prime co in Hollywood is it the one in Hollywood which is located
What is it?
They must like you there because you don't make it too crowded
George will be there from noon to two at the prime co and the awkward place in Hollywood
We'll give you all the load on and then and we're also going to try to have some stuff to give away
Because this station have any stuff to give away
No, do we have any hook to get anybody out there? No
Maybe you can get Miguel to go there with you, huh? I bet you I bet you a lot of queen
I mean a lot of people would show up on Saturday if he showed up
They're like their wife
Yeah, she'd hang out with them
She'd hang it out 5 6 7 0 5 60 maybe more eye-cary she'd hang one out. So she's gone out of timeline and this line nine
We haven't had nothing I bet today just connected that sucker, you know it 877 785 63 now
Wait a minute what color was that line for just a second? I think it was black painted black did you see that?
Uh-oh
Do you think I'm joking we better have a line check on the line nine to see if it works 877
785 63 45 I think there's another chequer in a wood pile here today if you ask me
Look at that that thing isn't it's not doing a goddamn thing that line nine hello
See there's something screwed up with that goddamn piece of crap
Yeah, blood comes in here this morning. He's let's see. Well worked up about always guy damn damn Reno press conference
That's all he gives a crap about get off you tough. Yeah
I said to myself the new phone system it's still out in here and then the the the internal phone here
It's still broken as it has been for weeks and weeks and weeks
I said get off you duck and just looked at me, you know like oh gee. I hope I don't have the stomach flu and he a lot of here
Wait till you hear the results on our poll. I know somebody's gonna be squeezing himself
Right
That was really Hank the Humber
Our poll questions on our website on near Rogers dot com
We already did the one on a morning show last week Howard blew everybody away 30% the worst team was down there with like 15%
Pretty weak pretty weak pretty weak no crossover with that morning show
But Evan I told you that we got a big crossover with a Humber you bet
We got a hundred and twi 102 votes as of a little while ago
Thanks got 43 he's number one 42.1% of the people listed this show listen to the Humber any afternoon
Claudia
Us fat shoes got to stick together except the course for beef or who I don't think is really Jewish
Other is in second place with 40 when you see I could break it down with all those Indians and music stations
But nobody really cares other 40
Winds stupid talk. Oh, yeah, that's that bitch Liz wild
The penis vagina footer is lady. She's got seven. She's in third place with it 6.8% anywhere near Rick inside. No
Zeta's got four coasters three big two powered out of six one while 101 a
Smegma one which by the way smegma is the dropping into oblivion in this last rant another couple of months in the smegma
We've gone by the board. Is that this go crap?
What's with the line nine work at all? Yeah, it works just idiots
But what were they calling from where they local idiots around a town of you know how to tell it is right through your call
folks out of town moron
Like in Fort Myers
Lord knows I want one asshole in Fort Myers to call right now and then tell us how sorry
He is about Dan marino quitting today
One of you butt plugs over there on a west coast. We don't even know if we're on the air over there
Do we do we have any idea? No, no
In this outfit probably aren't eight seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. There's something
There's a there's something in the air you can smell it coming from the west coast
Nobody no nobody for XBJ and nobody for kiss. How do you like that? We got no kiss and cousins out there
What I thought we'd add one or two see? I don't think that thing is working out of town. I think you're wrong
There are probably local assholes
Here's West Palm Beach hello. Yeah, how's it going? Okay?
I don't really care about Dan marino retiring. I mean come on. That's meaningless
Of course, it's a he's a football player for a crime out loud
The funny thing is player and a good guy never stole a parade drink
Exactly funny thing is you know the same people that were ripping him are gonna be calling
That's right. That's exactly right said they were looking at
He's got to retire. We got to get an athletic black
He's in mobile. He's a statue
The reason I'm calling though is I tried to call him last week, but I really didn't have time
you're talking about affirmative action and
You know what I'm for getting rid of it. I'm for the abolishment of it, right?
But the evolution of it, but the the grand wizard that you know our governor
It's it's all in his in his grand plan to you know make this a right wing state
Right I fully I fully believe that this is this is one thing he can get past
Well, how about a show called a plus plan which everybody's also up an arm is in protesting on that because he's penalizing the schools that already are in trouble
It's trying to help them out and get everybody are like equal footing so to speak as they're talking about
I mean he's a he's a fascist and why should that come as a surprise unless you're a your headburied in the same
Oh, I'm not surprised by it. I mean you know you look at the vouchers and that that's just the whole you know getting kids to learn about
I mean lead us much a crap to the public education and I'm waiting I'm waiting for abortion to be an issue and I'm waiting for other
Other issues to be you know front center in Florida. Yeah, and I'm telling you it's a shame
He's gonna bring his brother right down with it tomorrow on watch. He's a moron and his brother's a moron
That is correct. I can't believe anybody would actually vote for either of them. Well, I think they're in for a good surprise
He takes care of yourself. All right. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 George EW is going down baby he's going down downtown
Here's a mobile in Pompano hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew how are you today great? I don't really give a shit about Dan Marie know
I like that. I got a real quick. What happened? You didn't pick me up. Did you have that happen? Yeah, I picked you up. Okay, did you okay?
Anyway, and the phone too. Yes
My best friend the quadriplegic and
He's affiliated with the Miami dolphins and the fundraisers and so forth. They do a lot of things for him right and Michael Muroney
Bernie Chevrolet does a lot of real nice things for the fundraisers
Uh-huh and every time the dolphins have done something get to
Conspicuously is not there
That if your marino. Yeah, he doesn't do any fundraisers. He doesn't do any appearances unless he's paid for them
Well, what do you mean by that? Well, just like you know
He raises a crapload of money for charity. I'll take it that well
He never does anything that he never does anything is affiliated with the team
Yeah, yeah, I'm sure you need to write he's really deep in the deep in the hole
Yeah, but I mean you can knock him for other things
But as far as charity he's raised a millions of dollars in this town
Okay, well, I wasn't really the two times they did a fundraiser. He wasn't there
And I kind of I kind of took that to heart. I wasn't too pleased about that
But that's not my business doesn't affect me
Um, just real quick. I want to find out your company
Beatsy Reader clear channels or whatever you want to call it now. You guys are a huge multi-million dollar company
Am I correct? Are you are you kidding me? This company is a huge
$25 million dollar company. This company hasn't got two nickels to rub together
Well, I'm trying to figure it out because I just
This company is trying to sucker in a bunch of unsuspecting goofballs out there to invest in their stock
So they can raise hundreds of millions of dollars. That's what they're trying to do
Well, I'm trying to figure it out because they're drowning in a sea of red ink sir
We've heard of the red sea. This is the red ink sea
Oh, because I uh, I plug in my cell phone car plug into the cigarette lighter when I'm talking to you when I'm right
Do you want the radio right and your radio goes shot nothing?
I can't hear anything and I thought well maybe with the plug short
I got this for you sir if somebody likes a guy named cigar within a five-mile radius of your cell phone
You can't hear this station
You know the main thing is I check all the other channels on the hanging things
If you know somebody's scratching their recto
That's a must-at electricity you can't hear this station
I'm believe one one more quick thing
What happened to Ellie on now did he fall to the second page of the newspaper?
No, what I mean you never hear about this little bastard anymore
Well, see there's something to be grateful for have a great day
Count your blessings and that meris laces
Oh god
If I have to see her one more time
That's fucking bit. I'm gonna puke all over my tv set over my 52 inch your big hot hot
Hitachi
Which by the way the guy was wrong about that. I love my tv said and also they were wrong about the erode runner
I love the road one. I did have that one bad day and right away all these people calling it Oh, you're gonna hate it
Bah Nuevo, Bubba, Bubba, Bubba, Bubba, Bubba I love the road runner. It is scored squirt fast
man
It is faster than like a 14-year-old kid hopping in the bed with the Britney Spears
I mean it is a squirt squirt immediate
5670560 and what's wrong with a 14 year-old guy hopping in the bed with Britney Spears?
I should just turn 18 sounds illegal in America isn't it uh-huh
Here's the mobile in Oakland park hello
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, he's giving Dan Marino a bad rap.
Let me tell you, he doesn't do with the team,
but he has what's called a Dan Marino foundation.
Right.
And I was on a football board out in Tamarack,
and two years in a row, he gave us large donations
to keep the league going to the kids,
and we also had a program for wheelchair kids.
That's a bad rap.
Marino does a lot of the kids.
Absolutely.
Very big checks twice.
One year, and then the same check the next year.
I won't get the amount out over the air,
but he does a lot of work for kids.
That guy gave him a bad rap.
I mean, right wrong or indifferent with you.
We love him.
I hate him.
He's dead for the kids.
Amen.
Okay, thanks.
All right, bye.
Just like his golf tournament,
two weekends, he'll raise 400 grand.
So how you can knock him for that?
But that's the way this town is.
I mean, no matter what you do,
they're going to be people put the knock on.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Oh, Danny, boy, we miss you, Danny, already.
You can feel it.
There's just that.
And that's not the same as he used to be.
Is it?
No.
Not the same.
You can smell it.
I'm going to put that Marlon game on.
If we don't get these other lines,
we'll end up here in the next couple of minutes.
I'm going to put that Marlon game on at 12.15.
You'll be real sorry.
You'll say, oh, I wish I would have called just to fill
up an open line because we pissed off the old man today.
By our refusal.
Just because it's Monday and just because the first 45 minutes.
See, I don't mind preempting part of the show.
I don't mind time off.
I love time off.
But do it at the end of the show.
See, that's where you screwed up the dolphin organization.
And they did that just to screw me.
That's why they did it.
That's why Wayne did it.
If it was Danny, because Danny loves me,
he loves this show, Danny, boy.
He's one of the few jocks in this town who admits that he ever
listened to the show.
See, if it would have been up to him,
he would have done it about the quarter to one one o'clock.
And then we just segue right into Hank.
And it would have been perfect.
Because then all the sports nerds would have called it.
Oh, Danny, I remember this pass.
He true.
But I mean, it would have been great.
But our people, it's like, gee, what's going on here?
It's confusion.
It's like, where's that fat faggot on her way?
What's going on here?
Did he buy a gun?
What's the story?
We getting lunch from Atlantic City Sub's today, by the way.
God, I love those people.
I love them.
Even though, of course, that stuff is, you've got a lot of fat in it.
But nevertheless, it's delicious.
Man, they got really good.
That's it.
27 after noon at 5.60 WQS.
Hi, this is Brett Heddington.
And you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio
5.60 QAM.
Yes.
Put on my five-on-ones and I heard it from the street.
Just check out the best of hustle and I'm starting to feel the heat.
Suddenly, I see people checking out my buttons I see.
Yeah, I got a first-class riser.
It don't pitch the set in my cheek.
There's more than a wordy.
I'm finding it impossible to conceal.
I'm sparring a wordy.
I feel like an absolute out of real.
When someone goes to the other side, he was born for two.
I was in a month to the day he's a basement.
Just see what he would do.
I'm supposed to face his beard as he headed far as room.
There's a pretty little ghost waiting for his post.
Down in the jungle room.
With farting, what is his mouth best?
It's really impossible to conceal.
What is his mouth best?
I feel like an actual real farting word is his mouth best.
It's almost impossible to conceal.
But it's really his mouth best.
I feel like an actual mouth best.
There's a baggy shorts and all these baggy clothes that young guys wear these days.
It's really unusual when you actually see one, damn it.
26 before 1 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's the fact that you're missing the mark when you pull.
I'm always missing a mark, right?
Remember mark in the dark?
When you pull the audience concerning radio stations, we are old goddamn fart that says old smelly,
rancid fart.
You need to include magic 1.02.7 before we listen to it before and after.
Then you'll have a big number.
Am I going to include magic 1.02.7?
No.
Because we don't want to piss off sunny fox.
Anybody remember sunny fox?
He's an asshole.
He works on kiss now.
Is he still on there?
Or he have a little relapse?
He's okay still on there.
We love you sunny.
We love sunny fox.
No.
He's one of those people to be honest with.
I mean, you hate him like poison.
But I never hate him.
He started it.
What?
With what?
Hi, this is sunny fox.
I listen to your radio skill.
I can hear the word asshole.
Yeah. Well, maybe if the food fit, he's an asshole.
If the food fights fly it.
But if we got somebody, all these experts out there, how come nobody called in yet to tell you the name of that Johnny River song?
Memphis, Tennessee.
Whatever that song is, why I just played Woody's in Memphis.
I keep going through that tool.
Hank was just singing it on the ear.
They're on Friday during his show just by coincidence.
And I can't think of the name of that song.
So if you're such a bunch of oldies mavens out there, where's the name of that song?
The song isn't called Memphis.
That's not the name of that song.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey.
I'm time, Carl.
I'm time listener.
Yes, sir.
And, uh, well, I just called to tell you I got divorced three years ago.
Looking, congratulations, too.
Yeah, I know.
I'll have to.
You're working f and y.
But, uh, the woman I got divorced from, we were getting back together and she said, well, I'll make a list of the things you have to do.
One of them was, I have to stop listening to you.
Oh, really?
I swear.
How do you like that, huh?
We had actually barely things.
She said you have to stop listening to me.
That's fucking bitch.
Yeah.
I love it.
Me, too.
Yeah.
And then, oh, I was also supposed to remind her when it was Sunday.
It's like a give her a ride to Catholic church.
Oh, great.
Isn't that so?
Oh, you know what?
I really do miss that.
Let go.
In my safe.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
What is it called Memphis?
And it was a Chuck Berry song.
Maybe you remember that.
I don't know what I'd say.
I mean, he's saying a lot of, like, May Belene.
He did the May Belene, which was a Chuck Berry song.
Johnny Rivers.
He ripped off a lot of good stuff.
But he was good.
And I used to have a CD with all his great assistants in right behind me.
Is it there now?
No.
Now, I scoured this room.
Somebody around his place must love Johnny Rivers.
And I hope they're enjoying my CD, which is about number 589,000 that's been stolen from me over the last 24 years.
I could open up my own schlockbuster if I had all those CDs back.
It is called Memphis.
That's what Woody Gravers said.
Oh, Woody ordered it.
Woody Graber.
He ought to know Woody Graber that got me those seats at the Backdoor Voice concert up there at that crap place in Palm Beach a couple years ago.
Where I got pneumonia that outside that horrible awful core.
What does it call?
Cross-guy amphitheater?
Yes.
That Woody Graber.
I got news for if 98 degrees was performing there tonight.
Naked.
I still wouldn't go there that well.
Maybe.
Somebody called to say that it's information, please.
That's not the name of the son.
I think what is it?
Information, please.
My ad.
Information, please.
That's one of the lines in a song.
Oh, these are imagine.
Now, what are they listening to magic?
That's where all the crap all these are.
So they probably a good song like that.
They would have got 500 confirmations.
Is Memphis?
Yes.
See that this is just as an actor said here all day.
I mean, I know he says Memphis, Tennessee.
What are.
But that just didn't seem like that was the name of the song too obvious, huh?
Poor side of town.
No wonder the bird hated you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 and D line and the out of top line 8 7.
See now you're starting to take it personal.
You're starting to take it personal.
What about him?
Yeah, about him.
What's he going to do?
Don't be picking on.
Yeah, what's he going to do now that he's dead in a box?
What was he going to do to you before?
I could kick his ass.
Yeah, exactly.
We're in now.
That's your kind of opponent.
Yeah.
Somebody was either on a goddamn crutch or in a box.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, bro?
Great.
Listen, you guys are great.
Yeah, we are.
I'm the snow bird from hand-traumatic.
All right.
Remember I talked about blood.
Yeah, sure.
I finally, the other day I couldn't get back to you.
I had three.
There were two or three callers.
Could black people have said, hey, you know, we're not like that.
We had a chance to work.
We worked.
And now we're doing well, you know, the two or three percent of people aren't looking for a hand out and excuse them.
Blaming everybody else for their stupidity.
Yes.
But the first thing I thought about because I've had experience back home, these people that got out of a trash, you know, like two, three callers.
I wonder if they're helping their own people to get out.
Okay.
Well, listen, take a survey and call us back next week and let us know.
5, 6, 7.
This guy's got a lot too much time to worry about these things.
That's the one thing that worries me about him.
What was that?
No.
Nobody wants to go in the air.
They just want to tell me the name of the song, which is Nonsense.
You know, we already got that.
Okay.
The song's name was Memphis, okay, which I think is where we just had that.
Feeling outside that school up there over the weekend, which of course you people aren't too concerned about because they didn't even make a big deal out of this one.
We've had no routine.
Yeah, we've had so many.
It's just routine.
How many kids got killed in school last week across the country?
122.
Oh, that's not bad.
Now what's for lunch?
Speaking of which?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think we may have to put that Marlon game on in 11 minutes because we just can't get that line nine spoken there for Myers.
We actually had a caller in four Myers.
I don't think we ever got a money or did we?
No.
No.
We're starting to dislike you people over there in our West Coast.
We're starting to don't take it personally unless you want to.
We're starting to get really parked off of you people.
I think probably the beesleeds are paying them off not to call this show.
Here's Hialia.
Hello.
Marty Kong.
Yeah, huh.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Good morning to you, sir.
And back to you.
My condolences on the bird.
Uh-huh.
And I told George he didn't have anything to worry about.
I've been listening to you for a long, long time and he can still take care of himself.
He's better than the bird as far as I'm concerned if he could do that.
And I wanted to comment on that guy that called in as my other Philly fan.
The flyers just stung last night.
It wasn't just Lindros.
It was Ricky.
That's Ricky.
Ricky, he plays for the Capitol.
Um, Ricky Radler.
Excuse me, Mark.
Ricky.
Uh-huh.
Oh, Samuel Finn.
The whole team was out of it.
Let me know.
But why is it necessary to critique an entire game because they lost it because they lost the game.
Yeah, they lost the game.
I know that's what the big deal is.
This guy is expected to win every game just because they keep going out there and signing all these guys.
You're not going to win every game.
They're not that good.
Yeah, you can't.
And I had a question for you.
I know.
I was rooting against them favor.
I just tried to fly.
Because I know how to make the flyers.
That's correct.
I know how to make the flyers.
And in this, the wicks are at least about 88 points in the flyers.
And I guess it was one nine in their last ten games.
I do have two question on Mr. Russo.
I know how much you hate him.
And by the way, they had him on.
They hit him on the telecast from Tampa.
You think maybe this guy ever did do some laundry.
Maybe he is.
That's a Christ.
What a pig.
He is.
But anyway.
He's calling on Sunday.
He had a point about board.
I guess Raymond wanted to go to the flyers.
But then they entered the.
How does it work that they trade you with?
I thought they were giving him consideration on where he wanted to go.
Well, because they're going to make the deal with whoever they get the most value.
Then that's just going to make them and deal in and get nothing.
Colorado made a better offer.
Okay.
Fill it off.
You offered him like.
Or even thought you wanted to go.
I fully cheesesteak sandwiches.
What they have.
And by the way, how about that glaring giveaway in that game last night,
which you almost gave away a goal with the power plan.
Yeah.
Nobody talks about that.
But Raymond.
Raymond is one of those people.
I know he had a couple of goals yet tonight.
But Ray Bork is one of those people who's been making these glaring giveaways for the last three, four years.
And nobody wants to talk about that.
Yeah.
I think he's.
I think this will be his last year.
Anyways, thank you for your information, Mr. Rogers.
You're the hockey guru and have yourself a great day.
And Goliath's go.
Thank you.
May police go out there.
Farve game.
Five game road trip against all the other five Canadian teams.
Starting with Montreal, who's read how does you know?
And they go out there and Vancouver win that wild game.
They go to Edmonton.
They shut them out.
They beat the crap out of Calgary.
And they beat Ottawa the first time they've ever won.
In Ottawa and history, they win that game for two on Saturday.
They sweep all five games.
Goliath's goal, baby.
You can smell it.
Even as bad as we feel about poor Brian Barard.
That kid was playing dynamite this year too.
His career is over.
A lot of bad stuff.
Not just the Martin McSorley episode, but Donald Bush here.
But a lot of bad stuff happening with sticks and with guys who don't respect each other.
And new people out there.
You love the fighting.
See, that's the problem.
You love all the fights and all the bull crap.
Did it help in that game Saturday?
No.
No.
Didn't help a lick.
Didn't work up a sweat that team sat in it except for Ray Whitney.
That was about it.
I scored there, Razor.
That was all we had.
Nice shot there, Robbie.
That was a pretty nice goal.
But other than that, they...
Oh.
What's there to say about their performance last month or two?
They stuck.
Right.
That's what he said.
He was going to hear this morning, by the way.
I said, hey, how about cleaning up your mess from last night from that show you doing here?
Rimmer and he said,
No.
Here's Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you're doing.
But can't help the Danny situation and can't help the bird.
I think I've finally figured out what the Panther's probably.
Can't help the bird.
No, that's for sure.
But I have figured out what the Panther's probably.
Okay.
Is it just a coincidence or...
You notice how ever since...
And can I hold you showed up?
You know something?
You got your thumb on him.
Is that you're right on top of it.
Ever since Pavel started diddling that bitch,
he has more than nickel.
There's more than dime.
Right.
And the red wings are on the input.
Yeah.
So she left that off.
And...
He got off that her off, yeah.
And the wings got ever since her push showed up.
That's right.
I mean...
I think that's the answer.
Pavel dumped the bitch.
We're going to start a campaign dumped the bitch.
Right.
And I knew you better.
Better that stupid thing with the bell in the munch they had out there.
They should have had a big campaign dumped the bitch.
Dump the bitch.
And the crowd could have just...
Instead of, hey, refuse suck.
We could just...
Hey, dump the bitch.
You get the message across to Pavel.
Cut the crap.
You got it.
We can find a lot of other 15-year-old chicks.
I knew you'd get it.
I was hoping maybe...
You were talking about that the other day.
In fact, even rumor.
Even somebody who usually sucks up to the team like he does.
Even he mentioned that.
He said since he started doing that bitch,
he just ate the same anymore.
One of your cohorts, Eddie Kay.
Yeah.
Got a core last week.
Rhymes with GA, yeah.
Right.
Exactly.
He got a core last week.
And someone asked him...
The trading deadline.
Who on the Panthers was untouchable.
Yeah.
And he said, well, you could think of only two players.
The obvious Pavel Burry and Peter WRL.
No.
Yeah.
Exactly what he said.
It was...
It was the one night after a while.
And he was serious?
He was absolutely serious.
He lost the game.
And he was going to post-game.
And he got a core.
Who's not touching the board?
There's a message for all your kids out there.
Too much gambling, man.
It'll mess you up.
And it'll just like Hansa did, it'll fry your brain.
Last day.
Yes, sir.
We're going to have a cost tournament that we're being held in the last couple of weeks.
Yeah.
And all your buddies doing the shows from remote at the cost course.
Right.
I figured you'd be out there one day or two.
For what?
Well, I figured you'd want to bone up for the next year when you do your charity cost tournament.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Say hi to Roy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I might want to bone up, but I ain't got nothing to do with golf.
Okay.
Maybe some different balls.
Yeah.
I don't want to get too graphic, but it was grotesque and the blood was pouring out of his eye.
And they were even concerned.
Rimmer tells me that the surgeons that they were concerned that the pressure might actually spread to the other guy.
I might go completely blind, but I guess they got it under control.
He's all dead.
That's a shame.
He's a great defenseman.
Yeah.
They pulled a good trade getting them.
Yeah.
I mean, he used to be a great offensively, but his defense was really spastic.
But this year he's come along and really played dynamite.
And what could I say?
Hey, if you notice the other night, the Saturn and I at the game when they announced Neetamars name as a starter.
From everybody who's moved on.
But did he notice when they announced World Rell?
Yeah.
They're sure.
Oh, yeah.
You would have thought they were announcing Palm El Burr.
And Peter will, yeah.
Yeah.
Kiss them.
Yeah.
There are a couple of kids that sit in the mirror next to me.
Nice, so kids.
But nevertheless, I should know better.
What's wrong with these people?
What's wrong with these so-called fans here?
They can't see the difference between somebody who can play the game.
And somebody who's just a guy named Gumos and they're like, oh, yeah.
Got another goal against Tampa against the girls team tonight.
Whoopi do, baby.
I his whole act just makes me nauseous.
You're absolutely correct.
We want to go a good dark, complexed player.
Let's get my career on it.
Let's get famous Amos Carter on it.
Let's get somebody good if we're going to have a Schwarzer on the team.
But this guy, regardless of what color he is, he can't play the game.
I'd even take Endor before I'd take a World.
I'd even take that same Pierre guy.
What are the hell is name is?
Yeah.
Another question for you.
With the fact that Neetamar got booed.
Yeah, he played at the recent game.
Yeah.
But how come he has never been benched?
How come he has never been a healthy scratch?
Other than the night that they came back from New York.
And he could be.
He was too tired.
He's got the pictures of Murray's with a billy goat.
It's unbelievable.
And have a great day.
Good morning.
Ask the experts.
You know, a couple of weeks ago they're writing, oh, yeah, they better resign Brian Murray.
Because he's made all these great deals and the team is in first place.
And they're smoking and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And now all of a sudden that they're going in the bank.
I mean, really just thinking that you ain't out something embarrassing.
Now it's like, oh, gee, I don't know.
These guys, do they really know what's going on or what?
Especially that TM.
Are they going to play for him?
Are you think?
No.
I don't think so.
I could be wrong about that about TM, but everybody tells me.
He's an asshole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil God speaking.
Hi, Neil.
How are you guys doing?
Great.
Great.
Listen, I hate to hear the Marlon game in six minutes of the show.
I'm listening to the show.
I don't even know.
We had a baseball team down here.
We know.
Okay.
You're really serious.
So we had a major league baseball team down here.
That's what I said.
We don't.
Something like that.
Something of the kind.
Listen, Neil.
I hate to be a death horse, but I did last week with the John Rocker thing.
Yeah.
A lot of the black community activists were, you know, made some comments on his pan.
They're like, what they should have done is trade it to us.
And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, we're going to go buddy.
Go ahead and trade another big.
It's another to another team.
Why don't we just create a major league prejudice team or a racist team?
There you go.
Something to think about.
People are crazy.
Neil, shame this request.
Yes, sir.
Assault, Dennis Leary.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
Well, we don't have time for that whole thing today.
Well, actually we do, but I'm not going to want to play the whole thing.
No, we'll just play like that.
Okay.
Now I played a little more of that later on, because we got like a, well, the one good thing about it now is the log here today was formatted for a baseball game that we're not going to carry.
And I want to tell you right now because we got this huge crossover between the show and a hunter.
Hey, stop in the afternoon.
We're going to like a segue rest.
Let's start doing Danny talk right now.
What do you say?
No, no.
Come on.
You got to admit no quarterback in the history of the NFL ever had lips like that.
Now Pittsburgh, they had Louis lips.
But he was running back when he were running back.
Yeah.
Louis lips.
He was a sparse.
Your name Louis lips.
And when you got a black guy named lips, I mean to me, that's like some cool kind of like a like a racial stereotype type to me.
You don't see Malcolm with those big lips.
Do you?
Black people want to have big lips?
Necessarily.
I've got two sets of lips.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
You got the hexa delectic coming at you, baby from Brickle.
Listen, the Memphis song.
Yeah.
It's called going back to Memphis.
No, it's not.
It was written by a brilliant pianist of the name of Mark Holmes.
That's not what it's called.
Mark Holmes.
Mark Holmes.
Mark Holmes.
Sounds kind of like that.
Uh-huh.
Mark Holmes.
Mark Holmes.
I want to Grammy.
You got a man.
One.
One.
You got the one that is called.
Okay, thanks.
That's not what it's called.
I mean, simple question like that.
We got 62 different answers already.
Is that your final answer?
Uh-huh.
If I see that show, if I, if I, if I, if I, and, and, you know,
something, I, I go to the big dish.
I was looking for a back hall of a hockey game that wasn't on the smallest yesterday,
which I never did find.
And I'm flipping around channels.
And they've got a, a feed of, uh, a tape feed of the, of the, of the, of that show of Regis.
I mean, I love Regis.
Regis is good.
He's a good guy.
In spite of his Notre Dame fetish, but, uh, everywhere you turn, it's like a disease now.
Airbnb.
You're looking to goddamn room closet.
There's Regis in there.
That goddamn show.
It's big nail.
It's big in a boat.
Yeah, I know.
Is that your final answer, Regis?
Uh-huh.
I gotta see George.
Poor George.
I don't know if I, I don't know.
I want to argue with these people about the name of this.
So, uh, slam the phone down.
Hang, when it down, hang them out to dry.
Just slam it down here.
I don't know.
Yeah, but the name of this song.
Sometimes they're not.
What did they say the name of the song was?
Walking in Memphis now.
Walking with a, they're not.
Walking with a Woody and an artist.
What is Robert Ease people?
Are they retarded?
Uh-huh.
Inionic.
Yeah.
But they all listen to magic one, oh, two point seven, according to that one fact you're there.
Better put that on a list.
Are we putting it on a list?
No.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Oh, man, if I can stop laughing, Neil.
I can walk in with a Woody and Memphis.
Yeah.
Listen, Johnny River song.
Welcome to you.
In your, uh, in your, uh, something like that.
I had time to go on the internet.
I'd find it for you.
And of course it was Woody Gray, where was the one that caught you know something wide
you're talking.
I'm getting the book out.
I wanted to take me so long to think of this.
You can talk.
You mentioned, um, uh, sunny Fox a while ago.
Uh-huh.
That's a sunny Fox from Wonder Amos.
No.
That's not okay.
Cause that's an eight million sunny Fox.
In fact, there used to be a sunny Fox who was on the $64,000 challenge.
Cause I met the sunny Fox on Wonder Amos telling dirty jokes to kids at a party in Westport, Connecticut
about 20 years ago.
No, not the same.
Uh, did you have to stay any, I just have to be surfing news channel late at night and, um,
Kathy Lee was on Paul LaZone.
Did you see any of that interview here about it?
No, I wouldn't want Kathy Lee long enough to flip the channel.
I was going to rock him, I said.
She said that different made a mistake.
And the only mistake you made Frank was staying with that bitch as long as she's unbelievable.
I mean, I don't use to be worth that often.
Who, who wasn't said that?
No, Kathy Lee said that.
Hey, Frank, we made one mistake and the pressure leave him alone because he's such a wonderful guy.
And when, and when Paul LaZone said, well, the press reported that sex is with safe term marriage.
And Kathy Lee went off like a load of, we don't have sex.
We make love.
We do what's in the Bible.
Give me a break.
Oh, anyway, I got news for you.
No matter what they're doing, nobody else would call it sex.
I guarantee that.
Jack, well, hey, the pie-powered people like the CEOs in California and Hollywood are all
submissive and maybe he's got an unleashed chain.
I don't know.
The name of the song was Memphis.
Oh, it's like I said.
Quick question about gambling in Florida.
I know they have the different levels and different tastes.
You can't play Blaschack, you can't play background.
If they have poker, albeit low stakes.
If they have live money on the table poker and they have those idiotic one on bandits, why can't they have video poker?
What do you mean by that?
I've gone to both of these stupid Indian casinos.
They don't have a video poker.
They don't have it.
Not at the one on Sterling in $4.41 or not, but one here in Cold Springs.
Sure they do.
They don't have video poker.
They do not have it.
I've been there.
I was there.
I want to go to all the machines.
What are all those video machines?
They ask those idiotic one on bandits.
They ask that machines.
No, they're not.
They're not real slot machines.
That's illegal.
They don't have the real slot machines.
They just have the one on bandits, three cherries.
No, they don't.
What are they have?
They don't have.
What are they?
They have video poker.
The last time I was there at $4.41 in Sterling, I think I was there.
What country was that?
The opening night that I was at the Cold Springs one, just to check it out.
Yeah.
Did not have video poker.
Somebody will, some old fart will call and clarify.
Great.
Appreciate it.
Thanks.
Okay, $5.67, $5.60, $5.60.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Nah.
No.
Nah.
ο
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Actually
First up, we will do the Rochak test.
They love when you roll your tongue like that.
Oh, your boyfriend's a...
A shillida?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
A Rochak test is in bluffs as they say in English.
And I will show you these in bluffs.
And you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm looking.
Okay.
What do you think this is?
A formal...
And this?
Let's go.
Okay, and this one?
Infected Haitian.
All right.
How about this?
About the Valentine riding the baloney pony.
Interesting.
But let's move along, shall we?
Let's try some word association.
I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head.
Here you go.
No, Mr. Rackle, we haven't started yet.
Here we go.
Dog.
Venus.
Cat.
Microwave.
The color blue.
Where?
You know, John, why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond?
Jerk.
Mr. Rackle, I only wish to be your friend.
Why you got me on this cow's dock?
You, Mo.
What?
You find white.
John, I'm a man.
Sure, yeah.
What's your white name, Chuck?
No, actually it's Gladys.
Yeah, you're Gladys today and out that you're a bag boy.
Come out of here.
Woo!
Why are you running?
That's not running, John.
John, are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
Okay, it's a 102 or 560.
Here's a bizarre.
First of all, thanks to Barbara over there in Naples who sends me my own Jesse of Intura,
Action Doll,
Visit Talk.
Jesse of Intura, Action.
It's a Jesse of Intura blowup doll, I think.
We'll work on that later, sort of.
Thanks, Barbara.
Also, so look at this, what I have here, which I find very fascinating.
I have two concealed weapon firearm permit application things to fill out.
How do you like that?
It says the wedding doll?
Shoot them out.
Yeah, two permit forms for you and George.
One for me, one for you.
And this is from Doug, who's with the...
Oh, I see, I better not say which here from Metro.
I'm not going to say which place, or which Doug.
Thanks, Doug.
And by the way, that was great day.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Gainesville.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted a couple comments about that.
Marino, retirement incident today.
First of all, Jimmy John's has absolutely no-class looks, however.
And all these bags torn up as you're Marino, what are they going to do during the season?
They're all going to be upset.
I mean, they've often put four quarterbacks on their roster right now.
Collectively, about seven starts between them all.
Yeah.
So I want to know what's going to happen with all these guys.
They're all going to be crowned at the one Marino bag.
Yeah, one of these people that I have to talk about now.
They're going to be talking about how great Chase Beaver looks and his nice dolphins at uniforms.
Uh-huh.
And by the way, Louis Lipps was a wide receiver with the Steelers.
Was he?
Yeah, he was.
I wasn't really sure because what is that like 10, 15 years ago?
Yeah, he was long time ago and since then, uh, after the Steelers have been up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, what is what kind of colors am I looking at online to there?
What is that?
I got green and blue and, uh, well, what is that?
I got a technical or phone line on there.
That was interesting.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm waiting for I-65 to jump out of the phone.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, is he just catch Saturday's paper?
Uh, the little article in there about road rage?
No.
Oh, apparently this woman was driving and she had her little dog in the front seat with her.
Yeah.
She hit the guy in front of her and she stopped, rolled down the window to say, sorry, the guy reached in, took her little dog out of the road.
Oh, we heard about that last week, yeah.
Yeah, but the problem is, do you see how much money they have raised to find this guy?
No.
Over $40,000.
Well, I raised over $200,000 for the early on defense fund already.
Yeah.
They did.
Yeah.
Well, I'm just thinking that-
I keep the dog sent him back.
Yeah, but what they said is they had one as a local police guy saying, we've never had this much money raised for a missing kid or for a child that was killed.
So it shows you where the value is in America.
Okay.
And everything.
Yeah, that's right.
We've got to save that little dog.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Are we going to save little dogs?
No.
Who laid down?
Here's a lady-
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What do you like in the World Series this year?
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hi.
I was calling you.
We're asking the gentleman who was talking about the video machines at the Seminole Gaming.
Yeah.
Yeah, I go there all the time and you can play the video gaming, but it's not poker.
They only have poker tables.
Uh-huh.
So they don't have video poker, but they do on the internet.
Okay.
That's it.
I hope you find something to do.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
Hope you find something to keep the market bite.
Okay.
This is Florida Pal.
You're getting a little bit too pushy.
Just to take what you got.
They don't want to give you too much.
Because it's evil.
It's sinful.
Just ask Bobby Butterworth.
He'll tell you that's Ken Jenny.
He'll go in there and yank it out.
Put in too much.
They'll yank it out.
And don't forget.
Just vote.
No.
I'm at the strong mayor for Broward tomorrow.
I'll just say no thanks.
I vote too, but I don't have my registration card back yet.
I said in my thing about two weeks ago.
Don't have it back yet.
In addition to which we don't have any primary tomorrow.
That means anything.
Because, uh, you got one candidate in both parties.
So very few people compared to it.
Can you imagine if a little bit of good race?
Maybe like 100 people might have shown up.
But now about maybe 20 or 30.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, for the smart ass that sends me the smart ass about.
How they got me on the one Florida thing and got it.
Guess what?
Still against affirmative action.
Okay.
No matter how you slice it, no matter what you want to frame it.
I'm still against it.
And you got a fascist for a governor.
And should that be a big shock?
No.
And who is the first one to tell you that?
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Yeah.
Those last cars were right.
They don't have any video poker and sterling and stable seven.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They have this crappy, uh, it's like a slot machine type deal.
Yeah.
It's very boring.
Uh-huh.
Well, do you want to help me make a suggestion to it?
Wanna?
Don't go there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
It's driving me crazy.
Then I've got to tell you the name of that song.
It is Walk in a Memphis.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
No, it is not.
I got the book right in front of me.
It's Walk in a Memphis with the Chuck Berry song.
It's by Cher.
Yeah.
And I've got it on tape.
Yeah.
It's exactly the same thing because every time I hear it, it reminds me of the parody.
It was called Memphis, Tennessee.
No.
Chuck Berry, and that's called Memphis, and have a nice day.
Hey, hey.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's just amazing.
So many morons.
So little time.
It's shocking.
Estonishing.
Here's a mobile and Kate Coral.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, let me first let me say a long time, listen to her first time call.
A great show.
Uh-huh.
And I got a little comment about the damn rental thing if you'll permit me.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm a die-hard New York jet fan.
I believe green.
And for all these years, I wanted to see him go, but uh, actually I'm disappointed in him that he's leaving.
Because every time you threw the ball, that was seven points for the other team.
Really?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And uh, let me tell you that.
Is that why he got the 420 touchdowns?
Because every time you threw the ball with seven points for the other 10.
No, no, no, no.
I'm talking about the last couple of years.
That's fine.
Yeah, no, no, no.
That's the best you can do on the day that this guy retires.
Uh, who's going to be quarterback in the jets next year?
Uh, that's the roadie.
Yeah.
Like I said, I rest my case.
I'm going to get some more pages blue and the tape his ass back together again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
See, this is what brings out.
I just kissed the ground that I wouldn't end dream of doing a sports show.
Talking to Jackass is like this.
Oh, mine is bigger than yours.
Yeah.
Go back to New York, Jackass.
We're deeply unimpressed.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Probably another New Yorker.
Coconut Creek.
Hello.
Hey, what are you doing?
Okay.
I've been voting for you in a long time.
But I want to talk to you about Memphis for a minute.
Don't forget in 63, Lottie, Mac, did an instrumental version.
Right. That's forever that.
That was great.
Yeah.
Okay.
Just wanted to add to the confusion.
And what did Glenn Hill pass?
What did he pass?
Yeah.
Yes.
He died.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
What did that happen?
Friday.
That's a shame.
Yeah.
What happened?
What was wrong with him?
He had MS for years.
He was in the wheel.
Wow.
Sorry to hear that.
Okay.
I have a great time.
You have Dr. Togginton.
Okay.
We shall get to it the same.
5670560, Palm 560.
I'm the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just got home.
I got the album in my hand.
I just played the song you were all wrong.
It is walking in Memphis by Mark Cohen.
If you want to, I'll make a way file and ship it to your website.
That's not the best.
That's not what we're talking about.
We're talking about the Johnny Rivers.
We don't care about who else recorded it.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, it's not that one.
This one was written by Mark Cohen.
I've got the album in front of my hand in 1991.
Mark Cohen is in the end of the album.
Walking in Memphis.
You might be talking about another Memphis album.
Walking in Memphis that you played about 20 minutes ago.
That's the one.
I got it in my hand.
You want me to play it?
You got it in your hand?
What about the song?
Walking in Memphis.
Now there's other Memphis songs.
But that one you are talking about, about 20 minutes ago.
Walking in Memphis, that's by Mark Cohen.
That's not the one we're talking about.
Okay.
Well, there's many songs out there.
Partner, have a good one.
Okay.
Partner.
As Rick's you under that would say.
And the general rent.
Hey, partner.
That's not the song we're talking about.
That's a different song.
To the tune of Woody's in Memphis.
That's what Mark Cohen ripped it off.
He wouldn't know Woody from Graber.
He wouldn't know Woody from Graber Tuffas is what he wouldn't know.
It's not the same song, sir.
See, if I had my Johnny Rivers best up thing here,
which I don't because somebody liked it too much and walked away with it,
I'd play it on here right now for about 30 seconds.
And we'd end all this confusion.
That's what they're concerned about.
That woman's poor little dog got thrown in the street.
And we got to try to raise $400,000 here by 2 o'clock.
And all they care about is what the name of the god damn stupid song was.
You can have magic 102.7 or whatever the hell it is.
Okay, you can have it.
Okay.
Okay.
Good.
How did they do by the way in this trend?
Do we really care?
Huh?
Let's take a look.
Let's take a peek.
Let's see.
12 plus.
We don't care about 12 plus because their demographic is like 90 plus now.
25 54 in the morning.
Magic.
We're looking at the first page.
No.
Are they on the second page?
W what there they are.
Two, eight to a three, one.
Nice going.
Like you said, all the people listen to the oldies music there in the morning,
like Memphis by Johnny Rivers.
Mark Cohen.
How about a lot of love.
Cohen, huh?
How about Jeff Cohen?
He was in here last week.
We're talking about the goddamn Memphis.
You remember what he said?
I didn't say.
Yeah, like I didn't.
Like Schmidt.
You didn't.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound.
5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'll thank God.
This thing is really over before you know it.
Don't ever do that again to us.
Stuff.
Don't ever do it again.
Tony.
Where you fudge back him?
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the pin.
Cause he's running for the White House.
So he took care of his men.
Stone drunk and that's not all even down a few feet ball.
He called the county drunk with you.
He even dropped some left of two.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut them out.
But if Tony or God damn business.
He did more than what you think.
How do he watch this down the sea?
Can he prefer cocaine to house?
That's a question that he dies.
Can he make his point much clearer?
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants the two believes.
That he didn't do anything.
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the pin.
It can't be running for the White House.
So he just can't be made.
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the pin.
17 at 560 WQA and 560 we got 200 open lines here all of a sudden.
That meant for stuff boy am I sure glad that brought that up huh?
No.
560 7 0 560 pound 560 on the 18 T line.
And the out of town line which has been really better than usual today.
877 785 6345.
Here's a lady in top of the house.
Hi Neil. How are you?
Long time list there for 10 caller.
Great.
And anyway I had to call after I heard that guy a little earlier saying something about all the money that was raised.
To find that guy that did that horrible, horrible act against that dog.
Yeah.
You know can't people understand that a person that would do something like that is more than likely going to abuse a child or beat his wife or mother or something like that?
I mean a person like that needs to get off the street.
Yeah.
They need to find them.
So I just don't understand why people can't you know.
It was the point he was trying to make and I think it's like when they have the dying manatees.
I'm as big of a dog lover as you'll find anywhere.
But when they have the dying manatees it gets more attention on the guy they have local news.
Then when little kids are being raped and murdered whatever else.
Well I agree with you to a certain point.
I mean as a matter of fact like that little girl that they just owned and thank God they found her.
I hadn't hardly heard anything about that at all.
Right.
Even though she was missing.
Yeah.
So I agree with you.
I mean they need more coverage on that type of thing.
And I don't understand why they don't get it either.
But at the same time they do need the coverage on that sort of thing.
Also.
But in addition to that I just wanted to say that anybody that's calling in that doesn't see why Dan, his career should be acknowledged and all of that has just got to be pointed out.
I mean why even discuss it because all it brings out is a bunch of idiots.
I heard I heard too.
I heard too calls on a morning show, drive it in this morning.
And I immediately pushed my CD into player because I didn't want to hear any more of the crap.
Yeah.
Two guys calling in to Rippin Manaz.
One guy talking about all on greasy was so much better and it's in there.
And then what do I get this guy telling me a song of this jets fan giving me a song of dance about how every time Marino threw a pants it was intercepted.
I mean what's the point?
Like I said this town didn't deserve Dan Marino.
I totally agree with you and I'll tell you if anybody can say it you say it the best.
Okay.
And thank you very much.
And have a great day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 that's the one thing I can tell you be on the shadow of a doubt.
This town didn't deserve Dan Marino.
It doesn't deserve pop bail.
Breith with her without honor.
It doesn't deserve a lot of good stuff.
Okay.
Because this town all they want to do is rip and wrap and that's all they know.
No matter what they do for you they got a shot.
Just like Jimmy said.
They don't have a shot.
They deserve Jimmy because that's a good match.
That's why they liked him so much here.
That was a match made in heaven.
Against the coach.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you today?
Okay.
Hey cool question on my just tuned in.
Are you guys talking on your new phone system?
No we don't.
It's not in.
Are you kidding?
You must have a great sense of humor.
No I mean it sounds pretty good today and you rip them through the closet.
I didn't know that.
No I know our phone system isn't in.
The instruments are sitting here waiting for the software.
It's a little bit too soft I think is the problem.
Some of them are soft in the head.
Yeah.
The next thing you have to do.
The next thing you have to do.
The thirdteenth of March.
This is the same phone system that was going to be installed in February 14 on Valentine's Day.
The day before I came back from vacation.
Then it was going to be the first of March.
It's the thirdteenth of March and is it in Yannow?
No.
Okay listen another thing.
If my phone dies don't worry about it.
Okay.
The next question is have a statement for that guy talking about Seminole.
True story I walked in there one day out of the clear blue sky.
Yeah.
I dropped the 20 in one of those machines.
Yeah.
Then two dollars and I won ten grand.
There you go.
So you can tell.
You can tell them the stick it.
Okay stick it pal.
That's what this guy said.
Yeah.
All right.
And don't spend it all in one place.
56070560.
Only AT&T wireless line out of town line 8777856345.
See it's like if it's like anything else.
If you don't like it don't go there.
If it's not for you don't go there.
It's like a restaurant.
If you don't like their food don't eat there.
It's like a radio show.
You don't like it.
Don't listen to it.
Oh what a concept.
Like music.
You don't like that kind of music.
Don't listen to it.
No I'm going to call up the.
The singer I'm going to complain the way they sing the song.
Like the national anthem the other night.
Oh boy.
Wow.
Send those kids back to Yale.
That was brutal.
The only thing worse than that was yesterday in Buffalo where they always sing both national
anthems because it's right there close to the border.
Even if they're playing another American team.
They had some glee clubs sing both national anthems.
I mean you talk about pain.
It went on and on.
A butcher job.
He's like you wouldn't believe.
You can almost smell the goddamn blood that was before the game started.
Here's a mobile and cross-brains.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
How are you today?
Okay.
I just had a comment about the I went out to the golf tournament over the weekend.
And I just think it'll be a lot more fun if they let the fans cheer or talk there while the guy was putting in basketball.
You got to be out of your mind sir.
You can't make noise when they're concentrating on their concentrating on whacking at ball.
I felt like I was in elementary school.
You couldn't walk.
You couldn't talk.
I want to see like it when a guy was going to kick a field goal.
What were you doing?
What were you doing out there?
What were you doing with a golf tournament?
I was drinking free beer.
Thank God.
Well, there you go.
Could you imagine a field goal kicker being getting ready to kick a field goal ahead?
I hope you learned your lesson pal.
They got plenty of free beer and other joints.
Don't waste your time with some stupidity out of boring golf tournament.
Okay.
God.
Oh, I'm getting ahead.
It's just sticking about it.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and top beat.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing Neil?
Okay.
Good thing.
First of all, I can give a crap as marina state or if you laughed, I don't really want to talk about football.
Well, he left.
So let's move on.
He's gone.
Yeah, number two.
I've been watching Tom Green.
I don't know if you saw the episode within the Lewinsky.
No.
No.
Somebody's happy for some reason.
He's not funny anymore.
That's why I don't watch it anymore.
Because MTV has cut his balls off.
Really?
Yeah.
Everything.
And everything MTV touches turns to scrap.
Because it's like I waited.
I said to do the whole show and then that last once, which is really unusual because they usually have find what he does.
He's a very funny guy, but MTV just the stories.
You know, they they deep balled and he just can't do the stuff that he used to do and he just ain't funny anymore.
Well, listen, I did hear factory boys here today.
They have one.
And why 100?
They have like a version of a caterpillar.
Yeah.
Have you heard that?
No.
And I mean, I used to, you know, rag on the, you know, before as well.
Because, you know, I mostly like rock music that I get handed to you.
They can actually think.
Yes, they can.
They really can.
You know, and I'm not really the expenditures, but, you know, they had no instruments or anything, but, you know, they were only singing.
And, you know, they just sounded pretty good.
All I can say is they're no instinct.
Thank you.
Actually, why is something John hanging around with, around them so much?
What's up with that?
You figured it out.
Have a great day.
But maybe once a little piece of the action, you think that could be it?
That might be it, a little piece of something.
But he might have better taste than that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT and T lines.
We got, maybe we can put it up that Marlon game.
Yeah.
Because this is getting pretty weak here.
Pretty good.
Damn, we care.
We got to make it till 2.
No.
But then at 2 o'clock, Hank will be here.
Hank is out at the chulas today.
And we can have hours and hours nonstop.
We got the boogs through at 6.
We got Eddie K rhymes with GA 10.
We can have from 2 until midnight.
Oh, hallelujah.
This will make ducks squeeze himself.
10 solid hours of, oh, Danny boy.
A great.
That's what we want.
We're, we're, I'm sorry.
We apologize for being in your way.
Just like the pulpit apologize the other day.
I want to apologize for being in the way of everybody today.
Instead of just calling me up yesterday and saying, hey, how about taking the day off tomorrow?
Because we got this marino thing.
And we're going to want to have like, because with the dolphin station, the sports third station,
we're going to really want to play this up big.
I would have said, okay.
Yeah.
See you Tuesday.
Could they do that?
Oh, no, couldn't do that.
Thanks to our close best friends in Atlanta city subs by the way for a gigantic lunch over here.
For a nice atkins lunch, which I'll be throwing the bread in the Schmidt can.
26 after one at five sixty to by the way, I want to talk about groups that really irritate you.
And will be who thinks you to the cleanest S club seven.
These kids send it back to Britain.
Okay, send them to see the queen.
Yeah, Schmidt.
So, you know, you Q a m dot com for all your cyber.
The Internet on computers now sports radio five sixty Q a.m.
I'd like to see a song about.
About me.
About the way our American hearts.
Way down bottom of our chest.
About that special feeling we get in the.
The.
Maybe even.
We don't.
The.
With a regular.
I'm your average white.
I like.
For now.
I got an average house with a nice hard work.
My wife and my child my kids and my car.
My feet on my table and the.
Sometimes I'm just.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
