Music
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, was the President's Please
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, was your performance on your name
Was he standing or did he sit?
Squared Squared
Did you swallow or did you spit?
Did he issue a supper to wait on line?
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, you go away
Come back to the other one's disguise
Your disconcerced face, with him on the phone
Providing to start with a smithler and harder
It best to gay junk
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, what's the nice Jewish girl like you?
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, wearing a dress with President's Doos
Did you feel silly and where you sub-tribe?
To find out really was unsurkable size
With a grueling chain, there the tiny scrouts
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut
Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, Honest Cut, 10 gourds
Please, enough sought- чуть enough
You should have crossed the line
Puking your brains out, seeing another marshmallow toss with Larry King, and she is such a dumb dumber, dumber than I even ever realized.
C'mon, very dumb, very very dumb, rhymes with scum, and I was supposed to care about her.
Because there's nothing else going on right now, don't you understand? They already milked the millennium for everything they can squeeze out of it.
Maybe today's the day that, oh in fact, the stock market looked to me like it was going to take a big, big gigantic dump today.
Down 100 points, next down 64, the futures were really bad. Well, maybe it won't be all that bad. And of course, who the hell really cares, you know.
But yeah, there's nothing else that they can milk anymore. The Y2K thing, nobody panicked, just in work. Did it work? No.
No. So they got to bring her ass, so they got to try her out.
Remember, it might not happen 50 with both desperate. He had to bring out the Dalai Lama and Billy Graham on New Year's Eve. What does that tell you? The Dalai Lama.
And she can hurt in the old living good crew. I mean, what was that? Kind of wish you could have seen that. I'll be honest with you.
I watch him for a few minutes here and there out of amazement. It's just astonishment that this hunchback suspended piece of crap.
Which goes to show you, by the way, that having a hunchback doesn't necessarily disqualify you from a great broadcast career.
Maybe she shouldn't go out of the operation, although rumor has it. I don't want to say it was that uncle's Peter Leonard with that wooden expression on his push.
He really is. Did you notice that you take notice how dark his. There are many there are many sparsers in this town who are much lighter,
complex than he'll ever be. Small and for burgundy. Yeah, burgundy. So it goes to show all you people out there.
If you take it off a riddle and it'll turn your skin, you could substitute for R&D as you could be this regards to Indian for a couple of weeks.
Peter Leonard, but anyways, tell me that she's the office of Monday.
And of course, for this hunchback back surgery that she's going to be doing something like that.
And then they're bringing in that Liz not so wild who's been on every guy that I'm stationed in that outfit and can't can't muster a point one on any one of them.
And then the rumors they'll bring her this a bitch back a couple of weeks in the next book or come on. Say, oh, by the way, you're fired. Get out of here. Go back to Tara Kingdom.
By the way, who has the pictures over there? It's got to be Pete Bolger. Man. Seriously, gotta be Pete Bolger.
I'm looking at these trends that came out yesterday, which I didn't go into too much. And I scored there by the way, fatso.
I'm having a good, yeah, and a morning show that was a little dolphin. I guess the Jimmy and Danny crowd must have really been on their, uh, under feet in November, Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny, because there was a lot of season, December, October, November.
So they went up a little bit. We were kind of flat, but we had a much better November than we did that awful October. For some reason, October, this audience vanished. Howard's audience disappeared.
I don't know what that's all about. I call it a bad sample is what I call it arbitrarium assholes, but nevertheless, you look at the job. See, the only number they had. Didn't I predict this when he did it in the afternoon and Rickens, but that was the only number they had on 50,000.
What they kept putting all these different people out in the morning, doing point six point five. You're good for in John Ford, that piece of crap.
Yeah, who broke the record. I think I think it was down to like a point for something like that in the morning.
And then so they took Rick and suds and they were going to blow them out. They had the only number on the station and Rick said, we need the job and you don't have a morning show. Okay, we'll give you a shot in the morning.
Just like I predicted, they made a little bit of a headway there and then they kind of leveled off and now they're, basically that they're six to nine.
They're number is disappearing. They're vanishing. You know what I'm saying? Are you sure positive when you take a look at these trends, Jesus Christ, even Amastonic as much as I like Rick and suds and despise people.
You're kind of like a catch 22 thing as Joseph hell would say if he could say it today. Can you say it? No, it's dead, but at any rate.
Where the hell is the here it is. Look at this person's 12 plus in the morning in the summer book Rick and Spud who that time were on six to 10 a.m.
They had a 1.8 pretty weak but nevertheless then in the next trend, which is the first month that they had the those tapes on. Are you sure? Yeah.
They went from a 1.8 to a 1.3 and now they have in September, October, November a 0.9.
A 0.9 until that's the total audience.
And when you get into the younger demographics, the living and breathing ones that really count, I wouldn't even dignify 18 to 34 where they have a 0.1.
But the 25 54 6 to 10 a.m. Poor Rick and suds what they've done to them now. Look at this from a 1.1. Well, that's pretty weak in the summertime 25 54 persons.
A 1.1 to an 0.7 in October and now a 0.4. I think they broke your own for record in the morning.
I'm going there Pete. So he can the only day part he had left at that point after he made those changes was midday with Dr. Laura and Lardass.
So we're going to win. We remember that memo that he made sure I got a copy of over here that big memo. Yeah, we will win. We will win. Are they winning?
Yeah, we'll win. All right.
The only really day part they had so now I OD where they moved Dr. Lauren Lardass. They got those old parts.
Listen to those shows on there and they're up to almost a 3 share, which is what they had an I and Z. This is what they didn't the beginning when they bought I and Z and I.
They remember queer channel. They swapped the news fan format for the talk format. Nobody knew where to who's on first. Where do you find this?
And they just like creating cards because swapping around, swapping around, swapping around, flipping them.
Pete Bolger must have more naked pictures than screw and ever dreamed of possessing. I'll tell you that because this man has survived different companies, different regimes, different leaders.
They brought more losers to that place and had 50,000 watts. And can they find an audience? No. And if this guy don't stop tamber had tapping that hammer back there. This is like the Chinese water treatment.
Okay. The humpers out at cool city this afternoon. All right. And we're on a very limited budget here anyway.
This construction project of ours that goes on even bluff him in this morning. He said, you know, we've been in this up here for a year now this week. It's a year.
And as for this show it's like 10 months. But the other parts because it was a super bowl. Remember they hurry up and stuck him in there because they're super bowl because they want to impress everybody and they don't want to take him out and embarrassed him and they toil it on sheer in the street.
And so all the out of towners who were in town for the super bowl. They made a rush job and brought him in this building and stuck him down there in our studio down on the second floor.
So it's been one year that they've been up here. They built Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. Nice going, baby.
They want to make a leaf six. Those neighbors too. They kicked the rascott even last night. Anyway, they built Maple Leaf Gardens in five months from start to finish a big 15,000 sea arena. Beautiful spacious.
1932 those shluppers back then who had just a scant piece of the technology that we got today a scant piece.
And here we are a year later and are we close to finishing this project. Not even close. Is that death scant there to reception this close? No.
Got some good time on the floor down there. Nice going there Greg. You idiot. God.
And how come the Cecil Collins story which I'll get to in a minute. How come that made it on the news that Cecil confessed which is going to make some people on this day.
Very very very red post that was. Yes, very embarrassed. Confessed. He saw a little crack. You know that's what they're running back so it's supposed to do.
That's a record. We were used to say you know the running back scenes of old cracks and turns them into big holes every time he was looking for a hole is what Cecil was looking to say he saw crack in the window and he went in there. He wasn't invited.
He didn't do her before nobody else from the team that are before it's had been so and both newspapers if you scour very carefully you find little teeny tiny stories about that this morning and they both have it wrong.
Do we have a real newspaper in this town? No, what a joke. What an embarrassment. The Cecil story continues the saga.
And I don't want to say that any of the apologists on this radio station or any of the people who are making up stories are trying to be smurred to reputation of the woman involved.
I don't want to say that those people ought to be holding their heads in shame today. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to be embarrassed and hope this goes away.
Yeah. Ten past ten at five sixty WQAms. No force of this broad guest may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM. Beatley-Reeze acquisition.
Pickley Hoover. I'll see more.
I've broken through the bedroom window.
And by the end you did my wick.
But I did I do who was crippled. But that ain't no good. If you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend for rock and kill me.
That is another bitch when someone else is wild.
Oi.
The sooner a husband would be innocent.
It comes out now. It has changed me with a knife. Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see. She'd be in bed with her whole lips.
That's the best.
That's the best.
I must be the only one that saw that story on the news last night. And it was on the early news. It was on a five or six o'clock news. Am I right?
Yes. And it says he's called Collins has been formally charged and he's confessed to the charges. They're no longer making up stories.
In fact, the prosecutor that they had there on TV, I forget what someone the people from the prosecutor's office. He comes on and he says, you know, the talk shows in his town that were circulating the rumors.
All of these are untrue and he's admitted that they're untrue. And not only did he not have any affairs with this woman, nobody else in the dolphins had any or knew her, etc.
And so on. What did I tell you? As usual, I'm betting like 999 not too bad on scumbags. I can tell a scumbag from 100 miles away.
And some people on the station, I don't want to mention any names because it would be really embarrassing. We're like making up all these stories and defending. I guess that's what they were talking about and people calling in.
Oh, yeah, what a rumor has. That's the oldest trick in a book. Did I say that? Oldest trick in a book. Always turn the thing around. Oh, yeah, well, she's a slut and she's banging all the guys on the team in the audio.
Guess what? Wrong. Very, very wrong. See, if this guy would have had like a clean record and just come on like some upstanding citizen who happened to wear a jock strap, it would be different.
But since this is his track record, this is his modest operand to operate by. This is the way he operates it. Maybe he's the Arapaquin at the stadium. Yeah, maybe that'll be his new job if the one they let him out.
So anyway, they have the story on air how he's confessed. He's been formally charged and I look at both my crappy newspapers this morning.
They can certainly there must be more details about this. Are there more details? No, there's like two really the Harold. You have I scoured three damn frickin times through that piece. I Schmidt the Harold.
I'll define a story and time a bottom of page three B in the brown edition. Wait on a little look at look at how big that is and a story too.
Man, I haven't seen anything that small since I showered this morning. Dolphins running back charged in David Burdlery real little teeny tiny story isn't interesting by the way all your kids out there as Don Cherry would say.
Isn't that interesting how the news media they pick and choose what are the important stories the ones that they really blow up and play up like all the Y2K hysteria.
And like that story that they heard out on the front page about the Florida drivers are less aggressive which was so important that they actually put the headline in twice on the continued inside page.
That's pretty important. Isn't it Florida drivers are less aggressive than they need to be which I guess they must have a good sense of humor over there.
They must be talking about the ones who aren't shooting any.
So anyway here it is on the bottom of page three B Dolphins running back charged in David Burdlery.
Miami Dolphins running back Cecil Collins has been formally charged with a second degree felony after neighbor said he broke into their home in the pre-doin on our December 16 and he this and that and he had officials from the state attorney's office that they've also prefer to try Collins before he's actually to lose the end of Fred Hadad.
I can understand why he didn't return phone calls because Cecil confessed did the hero get that right no this on sentinel get it right.
No they had the information the story that was on the news last night. Why why and why does the sentinel story which is much bigger all the way from the back page of the sports section does anybody read the back page of the sports section.
No the only reason I found it is because I was scouring looking for the story and sure enough there was on the back page I'm real curious how come both local newspapers decided to bury this goddamn story.
Can anybody answer me that question why both newspapers decided to bury the story are they trying to cover up something here because we're going into what they're calling around here the second season against a bunch of girls teen trying to save push for Jimmy and that's look here he is that piece of crap Jimmy and his Johnson charges filed while Collins wait in jail is the headline and scum sentinel by Paul McMahon.
It says Broward prosecutors formally filed criminal charges against dolphins rookie running back Cecil Collins on Monday Collins was charged with burglary of a dwelling in a stealthy manner a secondary felony.
Oh Collins was being held without bail in the Broward County jail could face up to 15 years in prison of convicted he denied the charges against him.
Get it right either the news people wrong last night which I seriously doubt because of the way the story was presented he's confessed he admitted that he wasn't invited in he didn't know this brought except for seen her and trying to come on to when the showers there were in the locker room.
Don't they all hang out in the locker room well football players they see a locker room whether it's on a condo or in the they like to be in a locker room no matter who hell's in there man women little kids they don't care they like being in a locker room they like to smell.
I like Nick locker myself but at any rate so how come they can't get the story right.
Wrong can't get the story right prosecutor say the Collins 23 broken the apartment of neighbor Tina nothe 28 he's admitted to it by the way he saw a little crack and he tried to turn it into a big hole like Rick Reaver with Santa which we still had that part maybe we do somewhere.
A married woman he said he admitted the complexes gymnasium nothe said he tried to get her to date him.
Ron issuos spoke for the Browitz data attorney's office confirmed that a prosecutor went to the office training complex Monday interview people in the new Collins stew Weinstein the Dolphin security investigators said prosecutor Dan Lucy met briefly with six players which it names by the way but I was made time a rumor had been erroneously placed at some of our players had dated the female victim Weinstein said it is totally unfounded none of our players knew this victim even the players who live in public.
He said no trace of apartments were the incident occurred but he needed to talk to the players with the name has been given for his own investigation JJ Johnson.
Yantle green Robert Baker Tim Bones Lorenzo Braamel and Kenny Micamixen rhymes with.
I kind of feel bad for the victim because that's unfounded to start something like that that's not right if you want to say Cecil out of relationship with her that's up to his attorney to prove and this of course is all before he can vest that he did not.
He confessed he did not have no relationship and that he was not invited in and they did break in how do you like that Collins is in jail awaiting extra to Louisiana where he's wanted for probation violation that sums from his arrest in Davie.
His attorney Fred had on said he's negotiating with the 30s in Louisiana about where the Collins had faced a charge against him and Browitz before returning there to handle the probation violation the word we're looking for is scumbag scumbag if for some reason because again it's a joke.
We have people in this town who want to cover it up like that little dog in the backyard kicking a dirt up in the air that I keep referring to he's still kicking it up is it covering up what he's covering up no no.
And he confessed he done the deed he confessed he he be guilty and both newspapers not only try to bury it covered up with that crap but they can't get the story right either.
Wonder why makes you scratch that hole in your head you know makes you scratch all over the place makes you want to go have four or five quick valentines which by the way if this stomach flu ever decides to go away anybody else out there got it.
I think tomorrow begins my third week of this about us the next which is very exciting makes you greps a lot makes you of course of eat the wrong thing especially things that Peter Leonard brings in you should you should make your brains out.
By the way I want to thank my good close personal friend Scott the long guy for calling yesterday finally better late than ever he said that 122 of his best close personal buddies so call yesterday all having heard this show and heard me ripping him nasty is going to show up this week he said they were also excited about the fact I was talking about him on the air they were meeting in his house 9 o'clock last night for a circle jerk and he was going to be the pivot man that's what he said that's what Scott said who better show up this week at my house with this pansy and petunias and whatever else he's going to do.
And to bring my lawn back to life would be nice to sweetheart okay cut the crap.
And by the way we are going to be taking calls of this week we had tremendous calls yesterday anyway no no well yesterday was Monday was the first day after a long New Year's holiday.
Monday's are notoriously bad to begin with why do you have that look on your face like it's going to be bad today.
Oh I don't know if it's going to be bad oh you you have that really bad yesterday well let's start with this mobile and Hollywood that's the only call so far there's no big rush today hello.
Hello I'm coming yes sir up in the year and back to you sir.
Yes I'm going to be my wife wants to give me a satellite for Christmas.
I'm going to be talking to you first what's happening to my parents.
Yeah come on get the RCA dish.
RCA dish?
Yeah.
And what's that?
Don't get that don't get the dish network because the dish network doesn't have the football packages and the hockey pack all the sports packages you sound like a real sports fan to me.
No I'm not really.
Oh then go out and get this TV like I said.
Did I get it?
Yeah get the direct TV right.
Well take a bit of my tranquil.
How about nice and here.
Okay bye bye.
Okay there's a good example of the kind of calls that we get here on the New Year Roger show on 560 WQAM.
You're inocuous station for the 90s.
Well the guy means well he just wants some information about getting a god damn dish.
So when suppose the wasting is time to go out through the brand's martyr appliance TV Depot or Best Buy or one of those joints and go in and ask him somebody what's the difference between this one and that one and what can I get?
Where do I get it and so on.
He's calling the satellite maven like that great call we had about satellites yesterday from your friend with the eyes.
What you go to show you I must have really wild New Year's because I was slow enough to talk to me about four or five minutes to catch on that that was the guy with the eyes with that ponderous crap about his big dish about his big one.
I should have been able to smell it over the phone you know.
Uh huh.
Must be this flu.
Here's Miami hello.
How you doing Neil pretty good sir.
I'm turning the Cesar Collins case I remember right when it broke.
Zach Thomas our outstanding middle line back of saying nobody rushed to judgment he was the first one that came out and said this lady has a past history.
Yeah if I was this lady I'd be thinking about so in some people sounds like a good lawsuit to me and then if you remember when Cesar first got drafted the stories came out about what happened in Louisiana when he was a Louisiana state.
Right that he broke in the first apartment he broke into that he raped the two supposedly raped the two girls.
Yeah well he held them down and tried to final them as what it sounds like attempted rape to me they're very careful in the way they use the word.
Right but do you remember what the what the upsetting part of the case was that he went in with his his uniform shirt on.
Mm hmm.
That's pretty smart.
Yeah smart guy.
Yeah.
Maybe that was a disguise.
Smart guy huh.
Okay pal.
Take care Neil.
Have a great day.
Yeah for some reason everybody wants to cover it up for Cecil okay because he's he's you know Schwarzer could run with a ball he ran a ball and all this other good stuff.
And some of us are getting real sick and tired of that crap it's getting really old and stale and tired.
All the gangster coaches I don't want to mention Jimmy's name on here because then we'll start with Jimmy and Danny etc and so on.
And a guy that called yesterday by the way you're so full of crap along with many of the other colors yesterday.
Yeah I'm the one that's perpetuating I talk more about it than they do right right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're going to talk of course about the Haitians and the Cubans and and how come the people in the news me in this town we got too many goyem on here that's the problem.
Now seriously there's no is there such and maybe it's me maybe I'm wrong is EL I am in his hands that I Leon.
I know how it's pronounced but all of the news media people here all the TV people pronounce it Ilyon it could be Ilyon it could be Ilyon but how could it be illegal Ilyon I've heard of illegal Ilyon like you said too many go in.
Every single one of my channel for Ilyon his name is not Ilyon you assholes you're just like the newspaper people you can't get it right can they get it right no.
I mean I granted it's not picking it's not a real big deal the issue isn't really how you pronounce this poor little kid's name was being a yanked and twisted like a guy then Thanksgiving turkey wishbone back and forth from both sides.
Yeah the cube over there in Cuba they got him by one leg and over here to crazy Cuban hysterical exiles or whatever you want to call a bunch of assholes they get him by the other leg and they're pulling their yanked in both directions he's level of split down the middle.
I may shock you with my revolutionary concept of this whole thing with the Haitians and the Cubans and all this other stuff which I'll do in a minute after the break.
Well no they were down there they were down there having their own little demonstration at the IMS back in our old neighborhood 79th and this game love that neighborhood baby.
Let's bring back juniors what do you say the 8000 club.
Oh don't you miss driving down that road what was the place with the it's long before your time where they had the great the print sandwich buffet.
You know that used to be I know comes in the shock to you because you probably never hung out in that neighborhood before in the good old days no seriously that was once upon a time of great neighborhood.
Little bit before I came to you did it was the houses when you would drive down the road there on the other street not 79 some of the best restaurants in town right there and at 79th and this game beautiful old Florida houses looking like cat and I look at it.
Sharts start I'm sorry.
Well we must have some upscale black neighborhoods in South Florida don't we have some like in Chicago and Detroit.
Oh there must be we don't have any upscale black people.
That's pretty damn set that sounds to me like this is some kind of a racist goddamn place you know.
There's 26 after 10 at 560 WQ and Jim Manage talks for a rat right here on sports radio 560 Q.A.L.
And also the selfie Merry Christmas Charlie Brown.
Oh, hi Lucy.
Look at Santa Claus game a new football let's play with it now Charlie Brown.
I'll hold it and you run out and take it away.
Oh no Lucy as soon as I run up feel jerked the football and off all right on my can.
It's a wonder I don't have a rupture just by now.
Oh I won't Charlie Brown.
I've made a new year's resolution so I promise I won't jerk the ball away.
Come on do it.
Okay this time I'll be the hero and not the go.
I'm holding it Charlie Brown and it won't jerk it away.
Come on.
Okay.
Here I come.
Oh no you tricked me my best.
I think I'm the final.
I'll hold me up Charlie Brown.
It's not even a year's yet.
What a dimwit.
Don't believe anything Charlie Brown.
That doesn't do worthless pig.
After it Charlie Brown Christmas.
See Charlie Brown get 20 to life tonight at 8 on TV.
Merry Christmas to you Lucy.
Maybe can hang out with people huh.
10 30 at 5 50 W to Q and yeah we ought to talk about that.
Remember the call we had yesterday.
Oh huh.
So here's a good topic for you Charlie Schultz is retiring in the last peanut strip is today and let's talk about that.
Okay.
Now what?
I mean what is that for a topic?
cartoonist honor peanuts greater last day at least different yesterday.
Do I read the comic page?
No.
No I haven't read it since I was a kid.
Not that I'm condescending anybody wants to read the comic page.
There's a lot of read the comic page.
No it doesn't.
Like I said George don't read it.
I don't read.
What?
I don't read.
What do you mean by that?
I don't read anything.
I got to read it in these paper.
Nah.
Get ink all over your finger.
Yeah it's a good point.
Plus you're looking for the real stories in there like the Cecil Collins stories that didn't either newspaper correctly.
No.
No and barely any of it all as a matter of fact because they're both trying to cover it up.
Which I find just and as speaking to cover it up before I go back to Monica and then talk about the Haitians and the other millions of things I'm going to talk about today.
How is it possible that the story about the cops and the 16 year old girl in Kendall it's the next millennium it's the next century it's the next year it's the next freaking millennium.
And you answer the kept calling me oh yeah you're just waiting you just wait there's a big internal investigation going on.
There's an infernal investigation going on.
I'd like to know if it was somebody out there you're a 16 year old daughter.
Plus the other girls there was not just the one she was the one that was the ringleader but there were a bunch of other girls.
Because let's face it now you even the most enthusiastic young lady couldn't serve us the entire goddamn police force of all the eight county police forces from high alia and a city of Miami and Metro day and sweet water and whoever else and whoever else the corral gables etc.
Right down here in Kendall and also they had a branch in high alia they were running goddamn horror houses the police department in his town.
And we had a big stimulus about that in the news and in the newspapers and on your TV news for a couple of days and all of a sudden it vanished it disappeared.
Zipity doda and that was months and months and months and months ago.
And that had to they said that there were law enforcement there were cops from every law enforcement agency in date county that were clients of this horror ring with underage girls.
I mean forget about the fact that was a horror ring but these were minors.
Underage which any of you guys out there listening to me right now you go bang some underage chick 15 years old and get caught and you're going your ass is going straight to jail and probably the rest of you too for a long time.
And based on the laws in this in the inner thought country and in the state even if it was consensual it probably be statutory rape anyway.
And you're still going to want to go to jail and having your name all over the front of the newspaper.
And the best part of it to me is nobody here seems to carry you see this is the reason when you talk about the crap at the airport you talk about the crooked politician about the dead people voting I mean it makes for a lot of fun for a year and show for Michael put me you know that they bury in the crop of high sit on there yucking it up like this is all real funny stuff.
Is it funny no pathetic.
And what's even more pathetic is that most of the long kids who live here they don't care.
They don't give a flying craft.
They couldn't give two schmitz about it much less one.
So where's the rest of that story is part of Harvey would say anybody out there got any more details on that story.
Oh course you don't because it's been buried it's been swept out of the carpet.
And if you're going seven eight miles on hour of the speed limit and you know porky sitting out there with his guy named Reid hard to be behind the tree like a taft and hiatus in the peb of pine around hiatus road in plantation or a city and other places we can think of down here in South Florida.
If they're writing some business that day.
Oh yeah they're going to hassle your life and write you a ticket and you're going to have to go to court or call the ticket to Fenty and they're going to mess with your life.
See that's why so many of us resent the bad cops because they're too god damn many of them.
Two god damn it not just not just raping you know people of color with the broom handles like in New York stuff like that.
But taking advantage of the badge and the gun in the present in the uniform and a position of authority to do all these things that if the rest of us do we're going to go to jail.
But they can do them with impunity including having sex pouring out minors young girls high school girls girls who should be at high school are busy working on their back.
And you people don't give a shmit about it that that to me makes me want to barf.
And the people in the news media like Al sunshine instead of wasting your time hocking your arms back and forth because that restaurant was open today that the mayor told us the world was coming to win it that the hurricane was supposed to be here which it was already gone by.
Instead of putting on a phony act like that for the public which nobody is buying it.
How come you people in the news media here aren't investigating all the great journalists we got here.
All the great hacks like Ike Siemens he's too busy sucking up with John Henry and everybody else who wants to build a stupid stadium in a arena that's his idea of investigative journalism.
Yeah all the all what happened all the great people we had in this town.
Once upon a time they're all gone they all went on the networks David Bloom people like that they're all working in NBC and CBS and stuff like that.
We got a bunch of old hacks like Ike Siemens in this town and Al sunshine waving his a hawk and a china could hockey his ham hawks at the camera putting on a same old stay locked.
And of course you know everybody including me were applauding the hero for the big job the investigative job they did on the airport but of course years years too late many years too late and is anything changing.
No there's still going to spend all that money for American Airlines who's busy trying to hide the hand grenades that they got in the overhead compartment there's still going to go ahead and do that.
And they still flush down the toilet the twenty nine million dollars that they started on the project that they work on the finish that they changed their mind there's twenty nine million dollars it just disappeared it just vanished.
Is anybody in this horse and buggy town care no so why the hell should I.
Why should I give a crap and by the way anybody out there on Jenny Craig no.
If you could have seen this Monica thing which I guess nobody else did with Larry King last night the Monica thing with Larry King not already toss your soft balls she either couldn't or wouldn't answer most of the question and she sat there most of the forty minutes when it got to be nine forty and said can you stay for another segment take a few more calls on why we get a run I got a run.
She couldn't wait to fly out of that chair like a giggling school girl this bitch this slut.
And the course her big thing was why do you know she's got to make money to pay her legal bills and she want to talk that much about that because you want to piss off the lawyers or two teams of lawyers can think for exactly.
Well that's right above I always do that.
I can't stand that slow but you know something I like that one better can think for sure I like that Larry King he never could sing but he sure can throw some soft balls.
And she wouldn't answer the goddamn questions but she's working for Jenny Craig and if she loses another twenty nine or thirty nine pounds then they're going to pay her a million dollars and set her on so on and Jenny Craig by the way is in desperate straight.
You know what I would like in that to that would be like OJ Simpson showing up at our security golf tournament I think there's a great parallel there.
That's how stupid Jenny Craig is to put that bitch in their entire her in with their desperate dying what and they also have a weight loss I saw the commercial last night which I think they put in a program.
They also have an alternative if you want the low carbohydrate version of the Jenny Craig diet.
AKA Atkins heller everybody else low carb rip off yeah that's how desperate they are.
Access about that anything we'll give you some likes it is some Peter Leonard's coverage make your crap your brains out all day maybe that'll help you lose some weight anything just go on Larry King until you're losing weight and look much better for that bad nose job she's got to worth no jobs and lend the trip and I haven't even seen hers yet.
Monica and you should have heard the three or four calls that they did take it believe me you you talk about screen phone calls.
Can you imagine the exhaust of screening they probably actually sent people to the homes of wherever the calls were coming from.
And stood there with it with an oozy to their head don't ask no embarrassing questions don't ask about what kind of a slut keeps addressed with the cum stain on it stuff like that.
And you know something when you come right now what as I've asked before and I think that's the point in question in the middle of all this embarrassment that she dread the cut why do we care how she's doing how's the country doing that's the question.
Not how this bitch is doing this fat bitch and let me say it again what kind of a bitch keeps a goddamn stain dress with a seamen stain on it.
I've seen that you're on the podium they got the presidential seal that's one thing but the presidential seamen stain.
Not the forget her mother by the way oh my I got to come stay on the dress.
Oh keep it keep it don't turn it to the cleaners keep it.
Talk about how tough times aren't she's going to make the million dollars if she loses the weight with Jenny Craig.
She already wrote the goddamn book we're going to have the screenplay in a full length movie in the made for TV and made for the bathroom and everything else with that bitch and don't forget.
You can't think for sure.
Right I just I just like that I don't think for sure because it applies to so many people like Ricky Martin you know.
You can't think for sure and that other spick will keep a mark Anthony can think for sure sounds Italian to me but he's confused I like Ricky's confused too.
He was up there on the top for several months and he says I still no matter what they say love it much better down there on the bottom.
He does that's what I and not what I hear what I know trust me.
The national championship is on QAA tonight.
The Florida State Seminole take on the new tech in the Nokia sugar bowl.
The new is at 730 here on your football superstition.
Sports radio 560.
QA and.
You can't think for sure.
Why didn't you take?
It's getting better every day.
We woke up and it's all right now.
But still it's fine.
Yeah.
We got a Marimton airline in the sky down the station with three songs on top.
Got my phone and my pager and my pipe and wave.
I got my winters and the eight and my MTV.
Why do you take?
Oh.
It gets better every day.
Yeah.
We woke up and it's all right now.
We did it and it's a wide gig.
Yeah.
Down the bank and the funny still there.
I thought it was not in favor of me here.
There I've got the left and third and third water heater worn on cable.
I can sign a circle night because even it's all the same old.
Why do you take?
It's getting better every day.
Why?
We woke up and it's all right now.
We did it and I'm gonna play the game.
Why do you take?
Everybody's living on a date.
No more 1990s, 1990s.
Now we're living in a wide gig.
Hope you sit and find that stand to greater.
I'm gonna go to the moon and to print the greater.
I'm gonna be in your mattress and head out of town.
You should've stayed right home and party.
Down, down, down.
Why did you paint?
Get better every day.
People go fast and start writing down the timid and why did you paint?
Oh right.
Why did you paint?
Everybody's living for the day.
Yes.
No more 1990s, 90s times, now a living and why did you paint?
That was living and why did you paint?
Living and living and living and I love you.
Get the why did you paint?
Why did you paint?
1044-560 W. Curem, I got the big national championship game tonight.
Anybody care about that?
Oh.
Okay.
We got our appearance at Nick's this Saturday, noon to two.
Your job will both be there at Nick's, the Garth 71-11 West Langer.
And we're going to have cigar rolling demonstrations.
You can watch them rolling some big fat ones in cigars too.
Sampling of Anhyzer bushes, new product, tequisa and the Rumba, food entertainment,
and great prices as always on the best of the cars in the world.
And you can pop on in your post and see what I've been talking about for the last two years,
how great those cigars are done or at Nick's this Saturday noon to two.
Our Saturday one campaign's all over.
Anyway, move it along.
What?
What we did about 90 grand, give or take here or there, there's like all kinds of stories.
We still don't know about the other 1150 bucks.
From that, I guess a lot of it must have gone to OJ related expenses.
In fact, that's our poll question today.
Who got more from that Garth 101 or OJ?
Because of the 25 hundred bucks that they were allegedly going to get,
1350 is what Carol had on the sheet yesterday.
It leaves in my arithmetic be correct, 1150 bucks.
That the whereabouts is so far on Cnone.
How's that possible?
See, this goes back to what I've been talking about though.
I've been out of shape just like that.
And what's the point of my taking calls because I'm never going to go to response
and the things that I think you people ought to be pissed off and fired up and worked up about and have an opinion about and be angry about and be something about.
And there's like, there's nothing like the paper said yesterday looking for a pulse.
You're going to have a pulse before you can get to fired up about something.
I mean, I was fired up when Amanda left me that picture of Tom Brady last week.
He's a very handsome young man who can't see that.
He has a stud.
Like I said, I was fired up when I saw that.
You should see he was fired up when he saw it.
He has a stud.
Yeah, he was real fired up.
Here's a mobile in high a little.
How you doing? You're good?
Yes, sir.
I got one thing to say.
I'm looking here in a metro Miami and I just want to say murder, murder, loathe.
I got that.
I got that well I'm glad that you feel safe.
Okay, we'll get to that.
I'm not talking about that yet.
What I mean about the comments.
He's on a different page and newspaper.
I'm on one page.
They're on another page.
I got I got everything here.
Believe me, I dissected every newspaper in America this morning.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody see Larry King with Monica last night kissing her suckered her ass?
No, no.
Without embarrassing performance.
Anybody see the news last night about Cecil Confess which is not in a paper this morning?
No, no.
See, they're all like you.
They don't read a newspaper.
They'll watch you the right shows on TV.
They're obviously watching.
I don't know what they're watching.
Stupid sitcoms, I guess.
Now if they had 85 satellites, this is like I do,
they would have seen the Leafs beat Buffalo 6 to 2 last night,
they would have had a big smile on their puts
if they were made belief fans like I am this morning.
That was important stuff, as opposed to stupid sitcoms.
And stupid quiz shows, although I do like some of the quiz shows,
read this film in that mini-nure one is not.
And you notice just like I said, just like I predicted,
there's a big thing in one of the papers this morning about how the news magazine shows,
the ratings are starting to die, I can't imagine why, you know?
There's only 65,000 them, 60 minutes, 1, 60 minutes, 2, 3, 4,
the original one on Sunday, and the date line, 1, 2, you know,
can't imagine why, because that's all that television knows is saying this.
If there's a hit show where they sat on their pick their nose for two hours,
then every network would have like major mini-series of people picking their nose for two hours at a time.
That read just filled in quiz show, that's a piece of crap.
Garbage.
And now they got another one just like that with Dick Clark,
they're bringing back Dick.
Dick's making a comeback in the 21st century.
Then that's not exciting, we're in the 21st century, is that exciting?
No.
Not really.
Well, we're not really yet.
Don't you see, there he goes again, he's a party pooper, not me,
it's that goddamn little militant, spectrored Rodriguez, he's the party pooper.
We're in the 21st century, God damn it.
Can't you feel it? Can you feel a difference?
No.
No, I do, I think it's a stomach flu, I got it.
But so anyway, Dick Clark has got one and then they're bringing back 21.
Who's going to, oh, more a pooper, he's going to be on there,
because he's got a really horrible talk show, and Connie Chomsen,
a burger kick in his ass out, so now he's going to be on 21.
And you watch by the middle of the summer, there'll be 55 game shows back on there.
And who's still going strong, by the way, speaking of game shows,
good old Bob Barker.
Hi, my name's Bobby.
Go save some seals somewhere.
Go save some amenities with Carl Heiss and the Everglades.
Good old Bobby Barker.
See, I have mixed feelings about him.
I enjoy, I like that show, you probably don't watch that show.
You used to watch it a lot.
But like when you're home, like last Thursday and Friday,
don't you watch the public level?
I love the prices right.
How could you, that's on American, not to like the prices right.
That's downright on American.
I grew it.
Well, what do you mean you outgrow it?
What does that mean?
How do you outgrow that?
I don't like watching game shows.
Only one bad thing about Bob Barker.
He can't think for sh**t.
But other than that.
Huh?
No, do you ever hear him try to sing?
I didn't, but I just wanted to have an excuse to play that again.
I was the one with the lady fainted, the black lady.
She won the showcase showdown.
She passed out?
Yeah.
Oh right.
Well, actually, the matter of fact, when I was on Vicaria,
when I was off those couple of days,
or whatever the hell it was,
for whatever reason, he had like, oh, I know it's when we had those stupid basketball games on.
When we had Greg Reed washing his socks on here,
instead of the new Roger Show those two days.
So I had the added extra bonus to stay in home for a while,
and see an appriice is right.
And they had some like college guys on there who like actually got one of the big jackpot.
And both of them got an showcase showdown.
The two good looking young guys that they had on there,
they both won their thing at the wheel,
and they got the showcase showdown.
And I'm thinking, come on anybody,
usually I would for the good looking guy, you know,
come on because they're almost never any of them on the quiz shows.
It's just like you would be rooting for the hot looking young chick.
Maybe.
And anyway, you know, it's seriously, and so, guess what?
They both overbid.
How do you like that?
Oh, I hate when that happens.
Don't they know you're supposed to go low on that.
I mean, that's what we were expecting.
That's after Brazil, and that was good.
Yeah, if I were you Nick, I wouldn't speak.
Okay, I don't want to start picking on Nick Carter.
You know, they got for the eight million time this all day.
Nick Carter!
Yeah.
I don't want to start picking on Nick.
Okay, that's the food thing on his head.
But because then we'll get that bitch will call him again.
Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
Yeah.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent in his right code than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head.
You stupid fat baguette.
Oh, she was psychotic.
Just like those bitches on there with your blink one, 82 this morning,
which I'm not going to argue about whether they can sing or not.
Actually, a couple of their songs are okay.
But who wants to see them run around their underwear?
Oh, certainly not me.
And certainly not me.
They sound way better than they look.
Oh, okay, there you go.
And by the way, they're too hit to their two-word songs.
Well, one of them is.
I'm not going to, like I said, debate with you the merits of their music.
That's subjective.
That's your opinion.
You got bad taste.
You like them.
But the fact is that all these young, and they're like 18 to 24-ish kind of.
You don't have to little, the generation below that.
The ones that are in the back street boys in the instinct.
Now, these are a little bit older, so you think they have better taste.
And these guys are all, these are the kind of guys you say,
please put some clothes on.
The more the better, please.
Like, bundle up.
It's cold outside.
Now, girls now are the younger ones are into the mangled,
the purest things in the tattoos and the scarification.
Yeah.
Like the uglier you make yourself the more they dig it.
Really?
Yeah.
So there's hope for Josh Freeman, then, huh?
Isn't that what you meant?
Here's a call from Baltimore.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I heard you mention a river a couple of times.
That guy was such a no-town phony name drop in Weasel.
Yeah.
For the worst broadcasters, they're ever in their ways up here.
So you're calling us from Baltimore?
Did I mention Jaffermer today?
No.
Not today.
Yeah.
But you mentioned him before, and I just had to go that day.
Of course I mentioned him.
You could get a friend of mine.
The person who said he's an individual guy with a roster and a name drop or what?
Name drop or Weasel, no-town phony.
When he's in a room with someone, he's always looking around to talk with someone.
And he's always looking around to talk with someone more important.
Right.
Which is why he talked to you.
Okay, well, thank you.
Thanks for spending your money from Baltimore.
That was a setup call.
Probably Nees Pottman said that call up.
Rippin' my good friend, Rimmer.
Of course, George was squeezing himself while that call was going on.
So which one of your friends was that they just put on that line nine?
You're not kidding me.
I got lots of friends at that time.
Yeah, I know.
5607-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That out of the town line, which I didn't even give the number out.
So you know that was a rig call.
877-785-6345.
This guy, I mean, had, did he ever hear the calls that Rimmer made of those?
Break, of course they didn't do the game on Saturday.
But I know if he would have done them.
They stuck.
They would have been great.
And you heard those great jigs, McDonald's.
Call all the Panther goals this season.
They stuck.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what's going on with that FBI agent that I will say about Rimmer?
He can't think for sh**.
Anyway, what is it, sir?
What's going on with that FBI agent that killed him two kids and 95?
Is he being charged?
You're asking me.
Do you have a newspaper?
No, I don't.
Okay, well, go buy one.
5607-0560.
We're not, are we talking about the FBI agent?
No.
I'm not talking about that today.
See, like I said, I do one show.
This is, and you wanted the calls back.
Here you are.
They're doing their own show.
No, I'm not going to get sucked into that.
I'm talking about the things that I want to talk about here today.
The things that people should be interested in.
Who are you to tell people?
I'm sitting here.
That's my job.
It's to tell you what you ought to be interested in.
Not some other stupid bunch of crap about Jeff Rimmer and the Baltimore.
Which the guy calls on our diamond our long distance line.
Call it in to give us some of the answer to Rimmer or God damn ass.
How do you like that?
All the like I said.
He can't think for sh**.
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you don't want to talk about that FBI thing, but I think this Andy Freeper guy should get some credit.
For, you know, staying on top of the store.
Let's hear it for Andy, okay?
Oh!
What about those horrors down there in Kendall about the fuller with a big scandal?
Why aren't they on top of that story?
Well, maybe if he can clean this one up, he'll get down there and get on that.
I don't think so.
I don't think anybody's going to get on that.
I think it's swept deep out of the carpet, man.
I just got to tell you.
I am so pissed off about this guy.
This is the second accident he's been in.
He identifies himself as an FBI agent.
And he's some of the bitches that come in.
They put him, you know, under lock and key.
Nobody's even seen the guy's face.
I don't know who the FBI thinks they are.
Yeah.
You know, but I think we all need to take a little bit.
Maybe he's one of the wackos from Waco.
Do you ever think about that?
Well, he could be, but I think we all need to be just a little bit fearful of the FBI.
Maybe he was kind of a gay Edgar Hoover.
He could have been one of his buddies.
You never know.
Maybe he dressed up and dragged with gay Edgar Hoover back in the good old days.
All right.
I just wanted to, you know, to weigh in on this thing.
I hope the guy flies.
Thanks for weighing in, pal.
Thanks.
Okay.
Send him to Jenny Craig.
He was way in.
It was two pounds over the limit.
Send him to Jenny Craig with poor Monica.
You're okay in my book, pal.
And thanks for getting fired up and pissed off whatever it's your pissed off about.
Oh my God.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, buddy?
Great.
Never better, pal.
Yeah, I'm here to get this guy to him stomach bug.
Yeah, I hear that.
I get that sometimes.
I want to send for me and the gas is almost $2 a gallon, man.
And now we're next.
Why are we next?
We're going to have $2 a gallon gas.
This is me off.
I ride the term, I've got my own gas, man.
I know, that's $1 a gallon gas.
Hey, I got to pay on this term, pal.
Every day, if I lived out east, I would drive 95.
I don't have to pay so since I live out west, I got to spend tons of money on the term, pal.
Well, let me ask you this.
Where do you drive every day that you spend tons of money on?
I drive 200, 300 miles a day because I'm a contractor.
Wow.
I drive a lot of my...
How much do you spend every day on the turnpike?
5, 6, 7 bucks.
7 bucks a day?
Yeah, that's a lot.
Five days a week, that's 35 bucks a week?
It's tons of money.
Yeah.
All right, five a week there.
And then what about gas?
$2 is $1.60 a gallon.
Yeah.
Once they get stopped.
I mean, if you...
Okay, I'm not a redneck from North Carolina, but they're only paying 95 cents a gallon for gas there.
Well, I give it a big hand and I would thank you.
Yeah, what gives?
Now it's $103 in the Nasdaq's down 71.
So if I were you, I'd just hold off another week.
I'd keep the Vast of the world coming right back down, man.
Right, I know it is.
You watch.
That's Florida's beginning to suck, man.
Okay, see in North Carolina, pal.
Take care, buddy.
I'd like to use uplifting calls like that, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Now that was a good call, but you know what?
You can't think for sh-
10.56 at 5.60.
I just want to hear that today.
I don't know what it's all about.
I just enjoy the way she says that.
You can't think for sh-
Now, who is she talking about then?
Oh, Enrique.
Oh, and I see that's bad.
My buddy Enrique.
Like she would turn down Enrique.
Who are you, kidnone?
He wouldn't touch the best party.
If he could find it with a search party.
You're right about that.
What's that?
And are you going to start with those Maricone jokes again about him?
Oh, wasn't a joke.
He turns down more ass in a week.
I didn't say what question.
I didn't say what kind.
Correct him.
Hey, you-
Kim Volkampard talks sports weekend right here.
On sports radio 5.60.
Q.A.M.
Sports radio 5.60.
Oh!
There's my head.
What's on your tail?
Get away.
And feel the release.
Smell the fresh sea air.
Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban ranting on Big Latik.
It's like a vacation.
Away from your troubles.
Your life back home.
Your the skipper.
On the journey to a better place.
The only thing between you and your destination.
Is whenever nature has planned for you that day.
Unpredictable.
Graff taking.
Life threatening.
Cuban ranting on Big Latik.
Will your way to something better?
Well faster.
No faster.
Here come the shark.
Statter on much faster than that.
Well dammit.
Pay for him brother.
You're West Navy.
Okay so that gets me to my main point of the day.
Which is going to be a lot of people pissed off including George.
Too bad.
About all this immigration crap.
See I hate to break the news to you but letting people come here on boats is not the way to run an immigration policy.
Whether they're from Cuba.
Whether they're from Haiti.
Whether they're from Jamaica.
Whether they're from the Library of Publicity of Mini Kanna.
No matter where they're coming from.
That's not the way to run an immigration policy.
I agree with that.
Why is that going to disappear?
Oh I don't know.
I just found out.
I'm not that much when I did the show.
I just wanted to talk about that.
I'm going to tell you one thing about that little kid alien okay.
Alien whatever illegal alien.
Not seriously he looks like a nice kid but.
He can't think for.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
You hear him singing those Christmas carols in Espanol.
He can't think for.
Yeah.
So send it back.
No seriously.
I mean I appreciate the hypocrisy here in the disparity.
And it's always been a big.
Everything in this country is bigoted.
Is racist.
This is a racist god damn country.
Everybody knows that.
Of course.
Everybody over the age of one knows that.
It's a racist freaking country. It's institutionalized racism in a school system. Everything that the government got their finger in
So why should be surprised that the immigration policy is racist
But what that having been said and
Sure, what's good for the goose is good for the gander and the 12-year-old Haitian kid that was in here all alone
By the way that came in the middle of those 400 people on the boat that was sent back immediately
Do they have a hearing for him? No, they find out like if he's got the relatives if he's gonna be taken care of no
Did he get all those Christmas gifts in the trip to Disney World? No, how do you like that?
So yes, there's a tremendous disparity there
And it pushes a lot of people off a lot of good decent people off
But the fact is and I don't care what the Cuban extremists see I'm tired of hearing this term exiles
Or using the term that George sucks me using about the old exiles because it's not just old
It's just a certain group of people. It's a small fanatical group of extremists. That's what they are
Cuban extremists who want to run this guy then country
They want to run a county they want to run a state they want to run a federal government
They want to have their own foreign policy which they do
And they're gonna tell everybody what to do as a matter of fact by the way one of the most distressing
Things that I'm reading here
These discussions about trying to bring Ellie on daddy here to the US to get a hold of them and take them back
It says during the weekend discussions US officials agreed that the biggest remaining impediment to the resolution of the six-week
Impass is the reaction of the Cuban American community
In other words, they know what the right thing to do is but they're a scared of doing it
That's right because they're afraid that all these
Irrational hysterical irresponsible extremists like I called the moments ago in which they are are gonna turn this town into a nightmare again
And if they send the kid back you better believe that's what they're already told us they're gonna do that
And I say
Bullshmit to that. That's what it is a big fat steamy smelly pile of bullshmit
unacceptable
Because that's one more example of how date County is held hostage by a group of extremist assholes
It's not a debatable point. We are held hostage in date County
Even a guy named federal government connect without being in their pants worrying about what this group of lunatics are gonna do next if they don't get their way
As far as the Haitians are concerned
Sorry, you live in a very very poor a poverty a stricken a trashy horrendous grotesque filthy place
Minimum education almost nonexistent
Far far substantiated the conditions there much worse than anything you'd ever see in Cuba by far
But there are economic refugees all over the world
There are sluppers in Bangladesh. There are sluppers in Africa millions and millions and millions of them
You know the population that was just here a couple of months ago that they were bragging about turning up a
Panting six billion
Which is a scary thing you realize that a third of the world's population lives in two countries China and India
Just about two billion people live in those countries maybe they could nuke each other they both have a bond now
How many how many sluppers do you think live forget about China because they're communist anyway?
Let them lose their souls, but how many sluppers do you think there are in India out of those billion people?
couple yeah
100 million a couple hundred million just
Left a small part of the other thing out
The bit that you know the fact that people are starving all over Latin America look at look at what we just had in Venezuela
Now I told you about my trip to Caracas and one more time you'll had a stomach on it and really again
Am I right? I'm right. I told you about driving the cab trip from the airport of the city and about the
Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of houses of these huts up there in a goddamn mountains sitting on the edges of cliffs
Just waiting for a good mudslide with their little TV antennas on top of the tin roofs
You got to watch the novellas after all yeah, right?
And then you go into downtown or the heart of the city that's just teeming and crammed with the far too many people and it's a
manhouse
So not house
And they waited nice for the for the desparados to come from the mountains down into the city so they can pick the pockets and rip off the people
And that's why you know you stay in your hotel at night if you're smart
So we've got millions and millions and millions and of course you can in part you can thank the good Pope
The good old cat lick church. Oh there he goes again
I got that letter here somewhere because in case anybody missed it over the holidays
I'll read it again later from the cat lick league who want me off the earth said went so on and we're pissed off by that
Ed in the newspaper too fricking bad
Yeah, you can take the pulps for encouraging these people to keep reproducing like rabbits
Because guess what that's why we have billions of people in the world because we don't have planned parenthood we don't have
Thinking that goes into making babies. Oh
What a concept
Kamamista, oh by the way, that's interesting. They're one of these huh?
Master Krista. Master Krista. And there's one of these things in here
These several polls, you know, that was I got some more good stuff from yesterday too
The one I was reading the interesting craft which was not more interesting than most of the call
Here's one about guns his oh children what number this is in America
Isn't it yes, we USA today
What do you think is the ideal number of children for a family to have in 1957?
18% said to 37% said three
39% said four or more
In 1957 40 two years ago
1997 in American now 6% say zero or one 48% say two
23% say three and only 8% say four or more and you can bet your bottom dollar most of them are catlick
And they're saying that because I think the Pope might be monitoring the a poll
And the Pope is a poll any you pull like I said
Yeah, the Pope likes those polls. I hear he's got when he slides up and down to Vatican every day
But nevertheless
So how do you like that you've got all these starving people millions and millions and millions and millions and billions of them and a fact
Is can we take them in here no no
An immigration policy out of control. This has been going on for over 20 years now
Where we have this crazy accommodation business with a so-called Cuban adjustment act and all this other crap to pacify a bunch of people politically
Which says if the or to is on the sand you can stay in if you're from a certain place
Communist to communist to come and is to because those people supposedly face political repercussions as if people in the rest of Latin America don't
Does anybody believe that with a brain? No, of course not
Are their political prisoners all over Latin America? Yes
Including Haiti, you bet
So let's cut the crap. Let's stop. Let's close the door
It's the first month of a brand new year a brand new millennium allegedly
So let's you know turn over a new leaf so to say
Isn't that what they told Adam turn over a new leaf as
In fig
And that's what we ought to do if you want to have some sense and say you know and that way it's fair
That way it's fair just have likely always had and we still have for most other countries by the way we have a quota system
And there's so many people allowed for a country to come in here legally and you wait your turn
Some people wait years and years and years and years and by the way
I hate to break the news to you but people in Italy and people in Netherlands and people in England and people in France and people in Belgium and Germany
They're not lined up waiting to come in here
See this is one of the thing about the brainwashed Americans. They think the whole world is just dying to come in here
Now I've been all over Europe and quite frankly
I've never encountered anybody
I mean they'd like to come here and visit and they do like American clothes and they like American music some of it
And they like you know they like Coca-Cola and all the other things were pointing them with McDonald's
But do they want to come here? No
They like to shop here. Yeah, that's right
They'd like to shop here briefly and have a security guard whisk them out and get them back home safely
So they still look upon this place as a slaughterhouse
Getting back to those crimes statistics which I'll get to today
That the one caller brought up about how so oh yeah, we're safe now
It's just it's just the illusion of crime
The illusion of death. It's not really good. It's just an illusion
That's people like you. Yeah, people like neo-roger's on a radio making up these stories like it's not safe
I keep on already getting shot here
Which I wouldn't have time today and the last two hours and 50 minutes that we got today
I would have to even time to begin to go through all the stories of the shootings in the last few days here since so we were out on
When after Wednesday
Yeah, oh, it's just it's just a perception that it's dangerous here
So when you go down to that new Mickey Mickey mouse arena
Yeah, the new we got the macarena and the Mickey mouse arena. I like that name the Mickey mouse arena when you go to that one
Don't worry about walking around that
It's dangerous looking people
How many but
Those you know bad neighborhoods right off this game
If you get lost there no problem just not gonna do it after direction
Friendly
Ten minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM sports radio 560
Holy macon on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority neo-god
She roamed an ancient mythical land wearing body armor taking names and kicking blood
Not even
In the quiet moments a loaded camp she was plagued by anxiety
What if that guy had friends and they come out for me?
What if I don't have provisions out here?
What if I'm tied cats of a limp in?
Zena worry your princess
How to handle a frontal attack at dawn by a bunch of heathens in fake fur with Australian accent
Got me out what's this life?
But Zena worry your princess couldn't handle a panic attack at midnight by a bunch of nagging doubt
I'm gonna get right since the baby
I think I'm starting to walk like a girl
No now even I think I'm a lesbian Zena worry your princess right after some other show whose time you can never
Oh God, I hope we don't get canceled
1113 and 560 WQM now see I get to the heavy duty stuff
We had just about every line on the board lit up there and other two calls left
See and we're doing nice short breaks today because it's right after the holidays
We got a real light spot load and all the radio stations. They don't have to wait a long time and this is the deal of doing calls
All this heavy duty stuff that they should be chopping at the bid to talk about are they there? No no
So Carol sends me a revised facts here from our center one total 90,630 bucks. We got over 90
Which you would have had like another two or three thousand of those key chains
We would have done well over 100,000 again this year
But we did the best we could and thanks to specs
We're doing a really super job by the way in helping us out. They did really nice displays and did everything
They couldn't help us out and they appreciate that very much et cetera and so on okay
90,630 and still by the way 1150 dollars missing from that mysterious
OJQAM Gulf Tournament
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line
877 785 6345 on the worldwide line. Here's Virginia key. Hello
Hey uncle Neal how you doing pretty good. I Kevin College of this first call the year
Obviously with the New Year. I got two things that I want to talk about one
On the boat that came ashore the other day. I'm not Chinese living in a communist country. Yeah, that's right
And they were they don't get any hearing before they get kicked out right they were sent back right
So and they were not the owners of the boat they were not smart. There's some of them were actual pastors right
They were kicked straight back to Cuba wherever they were kicked to
They're right. Evie. That's where the boat came from
Yeah, I'm sorry for maybe they were smuggled in timing where they came in from right wherever they exactly
The other point I wanted to make was the the
Fear mavens are at it again. They're saying that there's gonna be a Y2K event on leap day
Yeah, I know that that's the next hurdle we got it. We got two big hurls coming up. We got the leap year
The February 28 or not whatever it's gonna be and then we also had March 1st
Which is 24 years from me on here in this town. So that and those are right back to back by the way
That's gonna be really hectic a time of this year are these started by
Zephyr Hill
Costco and Home Depot. Yes
Well anyway, you're doing a hell of a job too by the way. What a what a scam right?
Don't forget the real-fac battery people too by the way
Hopefully to even race wise is up and and also I'd like to see it get legalized this the century
And now that Home Depot split three for two and is up over a hundred before they split if we can just have a couple more hurricanes
We can get up to 200 I have a great day pal
Okay, yeah, we're not that we want to scare you. It's just you know
It's a capitalist country economics. We want to sell you a bunch of crap
Why 2k preparedness in fact it was a big article which I think I just tossed out accidentally
But nevertheless about how they want to take all the food stuffs and the water and the stuff and they give it to people who need it
Makes sense to me
Of course our audience they're busy trying to take it back take it back. Why don't you take it back? No, please take it back
I don't need it. I know why no no, we won't take it back
I'm taking the water back after I use it
Like I said before I'd open it up and pee in it a little bit
No, I'm too good way to make sure the water stays good for like years and years forever. I'm do some dishes in it first right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line no more immigration by boat
Okay, only a wait-on-line like everybody else always has do it legally
I know that's a real revolutionary concept do it legally and take alien and put him in daddy's arm
Send him back to Cuba where he belongs and cut the crap
But he can take all those toys back with him right? You can take the toys and it can take Mickey Mouse with him too
You can even take Walt Disney in that box and then feel can say aha see Walt Disney was one of our people
Here's Hollywood hello
Anya, how you doing? Okay, sir? You know, um, I don't know if you caught it in this weekend's paper
There was an article about
These two Nicaraguan's
Nicaraguan's
Get this they're in the country legally they went to the free clinic down in Miami. Yeah, the woman's pregnant
Now she says she's got to stay pregnant as long as she's a fertile, you know, oh absolutely
You know otherwise it's a sin if she's not correct. Well her husband is her first cousin
Well, they must be from Tennessee
Well, yeah Tennessee Nicaragua
It's a little city upside down
Nashville Nicaragua
Well
She she tells the doctor that her husband is her first cousin so she's concerned about
You know, they're being something wrong with the baby
And so because of doctor
I guess miss Redd
You know having six eyes and 14 toes
Yeah, the baby came out before him
And now she's suing Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami
Miami University of Miami Medical School and everybody else because she married her first cousin
I would take her on a rickety a raft whatever road they found alien on you know hanging on for dear life
Put her on that and the center back to Nicaragua
Well, and on top of that both their grandparents are first cousins with her new home little kid. Yeah
No, but you know you're absolutely right. The image you know, I've got nothing against immigration
But I do I do let me say it again my my belief is I know comic revolutionary
But my belief is we take care. We use what resources we have which are vast and we take care of the people who are American citizens first
Then we worry about the rest of the world
Well, the way that you're absolutely right
But you can't close the doors completely, but pretty pretty close you can close it pretty tight
Well, it shouldn't be wide open as it is the only problem is it
Just do like Ricky Martin leave that closet to open just a little bit
You know closer this tide as you can believe a little crack and then maybe a season will come in there in the middle of the night
You know, it's because in certain cities and certain parts of the country
You have these people that have enough of the population from other countries that can elect their own
Officials like Jose Diaz Balar and Heliana Ross Lane and
Rosanna Dana. Yeah, yeah, you know
There's main concern unlike other
And other like another like another
Congress people. Yeah, you know, their main concern is not the United States
They pledge of a legion to go on. Yeah, they pledge of a legion to Cuba
Like I said, we'll send them back to anybody don't want to be here goodbye
That's that's it simple as that you want to you don't like it where we send you then the straight things on your own you run your own
That's it have a great day pal
We solved it right there that caller eye
I solved it very simple
You don't like the way things are going here
I mean if you're an American citizen you got a right to complain and bitch you pay taxes. That's fine
You certainly have a right to will make your comments and have your opinions
But if you come in here, we take you from some repressive some poverty-stricken scumbag place and you want a bitch in moan and try to tell everybody what to do
You're out
And that feels new law. I just passed that law. Yeah, good fact. Look at that. The ink is still what I just signed it
How can it be what with a ballpoint pen? Well, I don't know it is
It's an active deal. Good. I work in mysterious ways man
And I just signed it in law and that is if you come in here and you start the boss and everybody around and bitch in the moan
Like these Cuban extremists you're out you're on the way back
What do I take it back to where you came from and if you don't like it there like I said try screaming and bitching over there and telling people what to do
You know what I'm saying? Oh, well, let me go in such a good idea
Like I said when you go back there keep your mouth shut
Here's Tamara. Hello
Colonial yes, sir
Hi, I'm a black guy and I'm just sick and tired of
Damn Cubans and coming over here. What is a lot of black Cubans coming over here too?
Well to get them to man
That little that little crumts match it back and all those goddamn
Chasons back to make his back so everybody back don't let nobody in here man because it's got a hard enough time as it is
Hey, man, and I just think you know
More people need to speak out against it because it's a joke man
I mean look how hard people look at a hard time people having a way and we just keep letting us keep going and
We start letting the Haitians in here as you well know
They're gonna start working for 10 cents an hour and they're gonna like you know take away whatever jobs
You folks you got and it's a real problem
Yeah, I mean I could get up in the morning. I will come I go to school. I'm a student manifold time job
And I'm asking my ass trying to make it and all my taxes are going to these freaking people who are coming over here and
Screwing the system in I mean it costs money to send those those out there to rescue these damn people man
What's going on? Send them back. I'm just fed up when and doubt send them back
Send them back. All right. I'm with you. There you go now. What do you laugh at about that?
It's a true story the Haitians will all they'll pay a 10 cents an hour to work in addition to which I mean the Haitians that they happen to come from a lot of poverty
There's a lot of tuberculosis and you notice by the way we were rid of tuberculosis in this country remember that
Not many years ago now it's making a comeback. Can you want me to tell you why? Oh, okay?
Oh, so it's yeah, I don't want to tell you why you tell us why
Because if you say why then why do you big it in and you think and not a question bigotry
You just can't let people come in here on screen coming from the worst poverty and disease on the face of the world
Coming on a goddamn banana boat. This is not the orderly way to do it
You got to stand in line then let it go to your pants and long lines and see the papers in it
It's not to check if you don't have papers. They write down wap w op without papers and then they assume you're from Italy and we let you all open up a piece of stand
And then you're okay, although I don't know that many black Italians, but there's a few there's some sources from Africa there in Italy
Like I said they keep them in the Piazza della replica. They're out in front and they put their schmatzas down on it
They sell their goods. They make nice belts and leather stuff
You know and then when they pull each you come along they wrap it all up and they hide you know
As good obedient for us you should I mean
5 6 7 0 5 15. No, this guy is right
We've got some take a look at this town right here
People of color and you know which color I'm talking about is in the black as the ace of spades or maybe a shed lighter shade of brown
Whatever they got a rough time in this town. This is one of the most racist dam towns in America
That's because we're too busy taking care of all kinds of other people who don't belong here in the first place
Who haven't got any guy then claim to be here in the first place
And who keeps singing a song well if if Kennedy would have done this and if this one but if and if chickens would have peed
We're tired of hearing stories from 40 years ago. What will should have happened? It could have happened and what have happened
All we know is what's going on here right now and this country better start taking care of its own people
And stop trying to be the god damn godfather entire universe
Give alien a kiss on the forehead now and by the way, I'm a little bit concerned
Because the the immigration department you will see who they want to bring here with his daddy to accompany him on this
Some priest a Catholic priest
Now let me just point out to you people in the audience okay little alien you've seen in this picture
In the paper every guy then to he's only six years old
Six years old
And I think that even for some of these priests with their in-satial appetites for young boys
I think I hope that siffs would be a little bit too young for some of these priests
I don't know he's pretty cute the like I said
You better watch it because they want some cat lick priest underline the lick part to a company daddy back to cuba with this kid
Who's gonna accompany the priest and all we got you exactly?
That's all we need is to be letting this priest alter boys like little alien all right
So like I said, I say keep his ass here. Oh, that's right. I forgot. I forgot we got all these god damn pro bag priests here
Send him to the Netherlands. Okay, I'll have a good time over there send the Amsterdam right. What's wrong with that?
That would be better and go to Disney World
Grub and get a good education don't have to worry about some priest molesting him
Walk around in the streets when he's six years old. See all those big gildos in windows by the time he seven
Hey, then and no big deal look what I got in order to say
Right, I'm serious. That's the way it works in the real world as opposed to this concentrated repressive crap
We're all the kids here in the West of the hemisphere getting molested by their priest and everybody else in their parents too by the way
They're wonderful loving parents
You know
She ain't getting all worked up about this and I got this damn stomach flu
I shouldn't do this. I should stay nice and calm because I'm not so much better today
I feel like almost a human being and I think I will get over this sometime the next five months maybe go at the end of this year
Yes, the Y2K bug I got it
Anybody else out there got it? No
25 pants delivered at 5.50 WQM where the construction project continues mulling ring on man
HS continues on and on and on and in the meantime
We still want to know where the other 1150 bucks is you see I know now I Greg Reed don't show his face in here very often because if I were him
And they had promised center one the funds from that thing and we had all that hassle and they agreed on a total of
2500 bucks and they can't even come up with the other 1150 dollars for them
And they raised 110 grand in revenue billing on some bogus bunch of promos that people are even got spots for
Not to mention OJ and the so-called OJ related expenses and the embarrassment and humiliation that went along with that
And the fact that the company never donated one dime to our center one fundraiser this year
If I were the general manager, I wouldn't be able to walk in here and look at me with a straight plus
And he doesn't
26 after 11 at 5.60 WQM luck
Only on 435.50 QAM father of tool God
He started out a regular guy who joined the directory you've heard and made me ultimate sacrifice and
Bracing celebrity
Father of tool
Amen
From home and food
Father of tools
Father of tools
Father of day day
As time went by his earthly means compromise his choice
He found the way to get really by altering young boys
Father of tools
Amen
From home and food
Father of tools
Father of tools
Father of tools
Father of tools
He was happy and gay till he got called
By some title sales
Then the Vatican says
Everyone off
And he didn't have to go to jail
Father of tools
Amen
From home and food
Father of tools
Father of tools
Father of day day
They sent him to a priest tree
Where the genus fled and strayed
If it was you
Or it was me
They lock us up and throw the keys away
Father of tools
Amen
From home and food
Father of tools
Father of tools
Amen
From home and food
Father of tools
Father of tools
Father of tools
Oh here's some good news
Face with the threat of losing a high profile customer
Real network says reads a new agreement with Yahoo
That'll keep the real players and option Yahoo
Broadcast radio station page
According to WellplaySource
The agreement signed late last week called Yahoo
Who's plan to offer its live streaming media feeds
More than 400 radio station affiliates
Almost exclusively in Microsoft's Windows Media format
Real network shares plunge nearly 16%
Last Thursday in news of a switch to Microsoft
Despite her sureances from real
That it's relationship was strong so that's a good news
You're keeping them on there
I need like that there's good news finally
I'll mind away speaking a good news
This is not good news but just to show you that
I don't try to like play one side against the other
Or cover things up like our local newspaper
Michigan State players bailed out of jail
Oh
Yeah we had plenty of scumbags up there when I was going to school
And I'm sure now that they got like 50,000 students there
They got many many more times
Yeah, no one's saying especially student athletes
Michigan State's
Satupi Amarkas Pico
And his brother were bailed out of jail a day after
They arrested the four first anti-general
Ando where the Spartans defeated the Florida Gators
In a citrus bowl
With the last second field goal
Nice going a last second field goal in the bowl
I've just used spurious but a lot of time
At the bowl for hours after that game
That is the bomb that's gone to the red next Steve Spurrier
Vail was set at $4,500 for Pico
It was charged with robbery, battery, and the battery on an officer
His brother Milton Pico
28 was charged with robbery, battery, and resisting
And arrest with the wild violence
Head bail set at $3,500
Satupi Pico is accused of headbutting an officer
Who was searching in police said
The officer was wearing a bicycle helmet
It was not hurt
Well thank god for that
All you cops out there either be wearing a bicycle or a hockey helmet at all times
And you won't be hurt when you get headbutted by some hysterical football player
So you see this grace comes to Michigan State
And I take it like a real man
Just like this picture of Tom Brady that managed to lift me as a holiday gift
I accept this as a real man
5,6,7,0,5,60
Pound 5,60 on the AT&T line
Here's Coral Springs
Hello
I think what we need to do in the old is take all the criminal athletes
And bring back the Roman fighting the lion's situation
And that way just because people want to see that anyway
Happy as a man
Cecil Collins was just caught trying to break into the Coliseum and Rome
Before I get to Cuba
Happy it's not the millennium
Are you going to Cuba?
It was beautiful in the 50s from what I understand
I never went to but does do a little shopping, get a little cigar
I'll take the word for it
But happy it's not the millennium
And if they wanted to avoid terrorism why couldn't they just say that?
It's not the millennium until next year
And that way they wouldn't have been any problem
Don't you understand this country is all about making money?
Of course
Now we can have another big for it
We can have a real new millennium thing
Make this one look like small potatoes after a terrorism
Now of course now the news has nothing else to talk about except the fact that maybe we got skin
And to spend the billions is always because nothing happened
And that's why you fixed crap
But I'm not saying that we spent that we probably did spend too much money
But that's the whole idea of fixing something that is going to happen
So it was good for the economy though
So it doesn't make any difference the fact that we spend all that money
I mean we can't worry about people who are starving
Definitely not by educating the kids because we don't care about those things in the first place
Or at least somebody spent all that money in the got into the economy
So one thing did not work yesterday from what I found
Because when I go to the market I go to an ATM I get cash and that's how we've thought about this before
At least I have one I called on this before
I got a mention again because yesterday every I went to four different stores
Every single store two people in front of me one person in front of me that's a little bit debit machines never work
Or it's the 90 year old lady who can't
I'm going to spend again I want to cash only a product
That's what I'm asking for
That's what I'm asking for
If you don't want to get rid of the stupid debit machines
They got an ATM machine in the supermarket
You can get checks in the supermarket
One of the just have that
I want to go with my eight items and pay
And real money on the small line with people who are paying real money
I don't want coupons
I don't want credit cards
I don't want debit cards
I don't want checks
I don't want the foodstay
I don't want any of that crap
I just want cash
Now Cuba I got a mention this
And I'm glad you're bringing it
You are God because the only person who's going to tell the truth
It took us 150 years to give it take to any of the get rid of British rule
Castro's been there for a while 50 years
I think we feel guilty
We feel guilty because we back to over the teeth
That's why we feel guilty
This never should have happened to write
If it was stopped right at the get go
Now I guess the situation of course is
Does anybody seem like a pretty good guy at the time
We thought he was from Brooklyn
Well you know Hitler seemed a good guy
The time because he had a few months left
You got to admit that
I don't know man
Maybe I should vote for the candidate
Even though he's a little nuts
Just to see what he would do for four years
I'm telling you one thing you get a great shower for free
One drop the soap
When you get the soap you might find that some of your neighbors help to make it
You have to be panicked
So what's the situation?
If we don't allow the vote to land and turn it around
And Castro does that what they're coming to do
I remember WWII which you and I were old enough to know when you were born
But I was born but I wasn't always there
But at any rate the St. Louis, the ship that came here with all those the desperate Jews from Europe
They went to Canada and came here and the beach
And Roosevelt said get out of here
They went back and most of those people by the way died in concentration camps
In Cuba and in Castro's case
If we didn't let them win and they went back there in Castro did that
In the country they would get eaten by the sharks if it happened one at a time
People would say well I guess we can't do this
Yeah that's the whole point
Well see this the point is that as long as they keep letting people in
I mean I'm in for two years now
So what long as they keep letting people in
The message goes out just like during Mario
Oh hey get into banana book
Get on a rubber ref and once you get there just touch a toe on the soil
And you're in, you're in
And as soon as the word would come out that would stop doing that people would stop trying to get here
And if we do the same thing with the Haitians and now we make an exception for them
We're going to be having both loads of Haitians air beguide then they just like we did years ago
And you're every stinking day
And you're right about the Europeans because when I've been to Europe
And I'm sure that everybody else has didn't they would agree with a laughing stock
Because of the way we run things
We worry about the president getting a little BJ
But we do all these other stupid things to make life miserable
So keep for everybody in school
And we said this brain job
And have a great day sir
Thank you God bless you
And I'll pray for you
Okay 5, 6, 7, I've got a couple lines open here
These lines ought to be smoking today by the way
Are they smoking?
No
No
Well it's only our second day back on the phone
They're going to show me a finger too
And they have yesterday these would be a finger three
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line
Our worldwide toll free line
We had one call on there today from out of town
It was some Jackass from Baltimore
Picking on Georgia's good friend Jeff Rimmer
And I'd take great exception to that
877-785-6345
Probably some guy that bought him a million years ago and never reciprocated
877-785-6345
Of course that could be almost anybody
Here's a Miami, hello
Good morning Neil
Yes sir
I know that your job is to work up an audience
And get your ratings up because I've spotted a game
What does that mean?
Well the more I hear you, the more I realize just how uninformed
I don't know if you do that I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure about what
The rest of Latin America has some form of democracy good or bad in between or indifferent
But the actors are totalitarian regime with a tremendous amount of pressure
Well the other way I guess you have pressure there
Or pressure
Sure
With an A.O.P.S. remitent
In the last 20 years how about Perigway?
Did they have democracy in Perigway and Argentina?
How many totalitarian governments were in power in the last 20 years all over Latin America?
Well that's exactly my point
You are comparing apples and oranges
The concentrated campaign that they have to be left unlimited numbers of people come in from those countries
No that's not my point
So what is the point?
The point is this
You're saying that they're the same thing they're not the same thing
So let's get that straight
There's a huge difference
You can see what's going on in Cuba
What's going on in the rest of Latin America
But in case you're in the States
I'm going to make a very revolutionary statement to you sir
And that is that most of the people who come here from Cuba and all of Latin America
They're economic refugees, not political refugees
Well you know what?
And everybody knows that
Everybody with IQ larger than their thumbnail knows that
Do you know what you would need is to go to Cuba, live there
Be persecuted, put your ass in jail
Go through the concentration
How about this?
How about this?
I can see that the Chinese are the Chinese persecuted
Are the Chinese persecuted?
You want to
Sure are the Chinese persecuted?
You know what?
I'll answer you but you're going to have to answer me after I answer you
Okay
Yeah, there's persecution in China
How I'm going to do a call on this show?
You're giving me your...
Just because you like what you want to do
You just want to do what you want to do in the community sir
You people, you and your ilk
You want to make the rules for all the rest of us
And the answer is
No
Not on this show
You don't make the rules for how I do a phone call
Or what I have to think
Economic refugees
It's got 99% of these people coming here are not coming to escape political persecution
They're coming here because they want a better life
And better life has got very little to do with politics
It has to do with economics
It has to do with material goods
So all these material things that are being showered on, alien
That's got nothing to do with government
It has to do with political pandering
And you know what as well as I do
So next time you want to have a conversation
I'll be glad to discuss it with you sir
But don't be so arrogant and obnoxious as to call here and tell me
How I'm going to conduct a conversation with you on your ground rules
Just like we have others of your countrymen who come to this soil
And then tell us how we're going to run our government
How we're going to run our immigration policy
How we're going to do everything
Or they're going to go out in the streets and get pissed off again
See that's what people resent
I hate to break the news to you my friend
That's what people resent
Find an obnoxious and disgusting
And you didn't want to answer the question about the Chinese
And about the two Chinese that were on that guy named both from Haiti
Because obviously they do come from a not just a repressive regime
But a communist country
Should have the same politics
Communists are communist
So how come we don't have the same policy for Chinese?
Do we?
No, not a embargo of those
But we don't. The Chinese they can get a hearing
And of course it's a little bit farther across the Pacific
And they can get a hearing but just because they step one toe on American soil
Does that mean they can stay here?
No, no
They don't have a constituency
Exactly
They have a lot of people here but they don't have a they're not a political force
They don't have Rosanne Rosanne and Dana in Congress
Screaming and yelling and carrying on with Jose Lee
Stinking, licking, stinking
Oh, why?
They'll not
There's going to be a two-bizie mechanic for you all, I'm sorry
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 1140 at QAM
This is 560 QAM
Audio 560 QAM
Get the honey, Cugia
You know
Oh
Yeah, no
Why they bought it, shops on work man?
The work is coming up from the plume,
Loading the edge, can be a clue.
Be this so soft, kind of a thief.
What's that worse than thought it's just what it's you want me?
Where all sides of that skinny brood?
Why the sun can't stop food and junk out?
Where all you have is that you've floating up from my mouth?
Loading the edge, can be a clue.
Loading the edge, can be a clue.
Loading the edge, can be a clue.
Loading the edge, can be a clue.
Sixteen till noon at 5.60 WQM.
Speaking of poverty by the way, where the hell's that stuff from yesterday?
All those great poll questions?
I want to see the company that's got the fewest TV sets.
Because if they got fewer than, even in Venezuela, where they're all slippers, everybody's got a TV set.
You know what country it was?
With two TV sets per 1,000 people?
Chad.
I got it.
I know him.
Remember Chad and Jeremy?
Countries with the most TV sets of courses, USA.
One moment please.
I'll find it.
5.6705.505.50 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
This is Miguel, young Cuban in Miami.
I want to talk to all my brothers and sisters out there that keep on complaining about the way that it is over here in this country.
I served my country for eight years in the military and I paid my taxes and I'm sick and tired.
I've heard all those other Cubans out there complaining about the selective little races that they got going.
You know, most of you, 99.9% of you, you come to this country to be on the welfare.
If you don't like the way I'm talking, I can prove it to you.
You go down 12th Avenue, Miami Lakes, and everything out there is going to be Cubans living in government housing because they don't have a life.
They come over here for the welfare dream, not for the American dream, for the welfare dream.
Wanted to get taken care of by somebody else.
You guys need to get a life and talk about people having racism against you.
How many of you Cubans were out there liking their Haitians yesterday?
None.
That's not true.
There's a big article in the paper that the Cuban leaders were out there supporting them.
The first time, but better late than never.
Okay.
Come down.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Yes, sir.
Don't start.
Don't start with a well-versed and at least don't start getting defensive with a little Cuban.
What?
He wasn't enough Cuban.
Oh, here we go.
Okay. He was probably...
Border region.
Probably.
The top 10 radio using countries in the world, US has got the per 1,000 people, 2115.
So in other words, most people have got a little over 2 radios in this country, followed by the Brits, Australia, Finland, Czech Republic.
Czech Republic.
They'd drink a lot and listen to radio.
Canada, Korea, New Zealand, Switzerland, and number 10, the Netherlands.
They smoke a lot too and listen to the radio.
And drink a lot of coffee.
The number 2 in coffee consumption, by the way, the Dutch.
Countries with the fewest TV sets.
Well, with most TV sets, obviously, per 1,000 people in US with 847, Canada and Japan tied for seconds.
708.
Britain, Australia, France, Oman.
Oman.
See what's on TV?
Oman.
Latvia, Germany, Norway and Germany.
But the country is with the fewest TV sets.
And the reason I bring this up now is because it ties right in with this business of slippers.
So you're always wanting to compare.
Who's suffering the most?
Who's the most persecuted?
The Adi Adi Adi.
Don't give me a song in a dance.
Just that fancy drive through Caracas.
That showed me all I needed to see about Latin America.
Plus, of course, the stuff that I've read because I do read.
I'm like most people in this country.
I'm like George, who's too busy watching God damn Star Trek.
Huh?
Star Wars.
Some crap.
But at any rate.
Chad and Malawi.
Two.
Two per 1,000.
It's like one per village.
Mozambique and Nepal.
Four.
The Central African Republic, Ethiopia and Haiti.
Sixth.
Haiti.
Tie for number six.
See that they got TV sets in Cuba.
Of course, they're not only seeing the oil of Lucie.
They're not seeing the oil of the country.
What's wrong with Palo Loo?
Huh?
And by the way, you know, speaking of Cubans,
I don't want to pick up because I did like Lucie and Desi.
But one thing about Desi aren't as.
He can't think for sh-
Anyway, it was alive.
He didn't think too good.
So how do you like that?
Then Bangla.
Bangla-Desh.
Right behind Central African Republic, Ethiopia and Haiti,
which are tied for six.
Number nine is Bangla-Desh.
So Haiti's even worse off only six TV sets for 1,000 people.
And if you don't have a TV set, just ask those sh-
Lepers in the Caracas.
If you don't have a TV set, what's the point even being alive these days?
And if you don't have a radio, I can listen to-
Oh, God!
Exactly. So what's the point?
We got millions and millions and millions.
In fact, they were talking about these statistics.
They were bragging about the percentage of the world
that's living above the poverty line.
And it's over a billion people living in poverty in the world.
Maybe it's two billion, something like that.
Desperados.
Economic refugees.
Don't please give me this crap about persecution and the political enough.
That's all bull crap.
People were politically persecuted when the teacher was there too.
And as long as they had money, as long as they were part of the ruling class,
they were happy as pigs and shmit.
How do you like that?
So as long as you're part of the-
We have got it.
You don't care about politics and repression,
as long as you're not the ones being repressed.
So don't feed me that line of bullsh-
Ush-
Ush-
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
A lot of open lines here today.
All of a sudden the cats got their tongue on this one, including Cecil Collins, by the way.
I see, again, I'm the only person that saw that thing on the news last night about him confessing.
I'm the only person that saw Monica get the licked by Larry King all over her body for 40 minutes last night.
What's-what's the point?
What's the point of these phone calls?
Did they respond to what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
We get arrogant assholes like that guy a couple of minutes ago who want to tell me how to do a phone call.
Tell me how to do a talk show.
And not already that.
It can't seem for sh-
Yeah.
Here's Miami. Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay. Happy New Year to you.
And Cindy, sir.
Well, I was actually a couple of things.
First of all, amen to the old cash line.
Actually, I was calling because about that little alien boy.
Billion.
I mean, is that-
Billion.
Well, first of all, we should send his ass back.
Right now.
Send his ass back before that priest gets him.
Well, you never know.
But, yes, send him back.
And, you know, the hell with the Cubans in their backlash.
You know, if they want to go out and run them right, run them muck, run the streets, block up traffic, let them have-
The county in the sea doesn't handle them right.
I say we sue the county's ass.
The class action lawsuit.
We get normal camp.
We sue their ass.
There you go.
No, 50.
I mean, can you imagine 50 bucks in the past.
You know what's his ass?
He knows his ass.
Brack them.
I mean, can you imagine 50 bucks for everybody stuck in the palm metal?
That's a nice, something to change.
Let them know that, you know.
Hey, if you're not going to take care of the people of the way the children are fairly, they-
You know, hey, we're going to sue you.
And every time that you don't, no-
Or we're just going to run a big impeachment campaign is what we're going to do.
That would be a good idea.
Well, I like it.
I like it, but you know, you need to my old diggin' and VJ, but they are a daft.
So, you never know.
So, basically, that's all I was going to say.
Okay.
I had taken the-
God bless you, sir.
Whatever you said.
1500 open lines here today.
You wanted the phone calls back.
You got them.
Here's your chance.
Here's your opportunity.
You guys have a lot to say.
We're just waiting to hear it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60.
On the AT&T line.
Out of town line.
Dead.
Is a door in the L-877.
See, it's back to this again.
I don't like this.
I do not like this.
I do not like pump-in-these numbers.
I've got 50,000 different exciting things going on here today.
Things that you want to have an opinion about.
Anybody got any more information for us about that?
Who ring?
No.
The cops down there in Kendall.
I keep asking that day after day after day.
Do I ever get a response?
No.
And you want to know why?
Because nobody's got some information,
but we're not going to hear about it.
I would say that that scandal is like one step away from the JFK
and the Martin Luther Cooen and the Obabikendu assassinations.
As far as somebody somewhere knows,
but we're never going to get the answers.
Just like the gay Edgar Hoover mysteries.
I mean, we found out they'd like to dress up and drag,
but that's all we're going to know.
Pretty sad.
Pretty damn sad because people don't hear their priorities are totally upside down.
Hey, we had a great party there. Why 2K? Happy New Year.
Got a lot of abuser.
Got ya. That's it.
It's all they care about.
ATM work the next day.
They got a few bucks out to go buy some more boo.
And that's it. That's all you need to know.
Go down a little to make the town buy some more good weed.
Yeah, mom.
No more you need.
Besides good weed.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Listen, you've got an obligation to South Florida.
Seeing as you've reaped the fruits and the spoils from this area for 25 years.
You cannot leave here without passing the pattern to somebody.
I'm a gringo.
You're all foods here.
Soon as you're gone, buddy.
It's early in a gross latin and an else sharp tone.
I was going to pass the baton to a good American like George.
No, no, no.
Back with that car.
That collar is from Too Coyote.
Impatient old cuban-like George.
That collar, Too Coyote.
That old man let him stay here.
We need guys like that.
Is that Miguel?
That old man called and said,
let's forget those cuban brothers.
I don't know.
You don't know.
Do you think that Moolie called a couple.
No, that was last guy.
I can't keep track.
We have so many ethnics today.
You're the first white guy that's called in months.
And I'm not sure.
I'm totally White.
I've been with Florida.
Probably not.
No, I'm talking about Italian.
Probably got a little something in here.
I've had something in a little something.
I bet.
Anything like that?
One serious question here.
I'm going to go out and buy a phone.
This isn't true.
What kind?
I don't know.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Hey, I was thinking of going out and buying a soda, you know?
Now, what would be a good, I mean, I got an upset stomach with a stomach virus and I don't
want caffeine and I don't want the diet right would be good.
Doesn't that have caffeine?
No.
Diet right?
So they have caffeine, they have caffeine-free diet right?
Are you sure?
Oh, no, diet right.
I used to get that all the time, you're right.
But it has asperity minute though.
But isn't it made by RC?
It has asperity minute and they don't want to understand.
And RC puts a splenda in there, but they also have the caffeine in there.
You can't get one with the...
There's no caffeine-free.
They all have something bad.
Now, okay, I'm going to go out and get a phone.
What would you recommend?
How about a note?
And by the way, it's not Nokia.
That's the guy that cuts the spot.
It's not Nokia.
I hate to mention it.
It's Nokia and it's not from Japan.
It's made in Finland.
Finland, you got it?
Finland.
I didn't know that either.
But when you learn something new, it's not about important.
It really does make a difference.
They work great.
But it's just nice to know things.
I know that's a revolutionary concept for many people in this country.
It's just nice to know things.
To enrich your brain with something in there that might come in handy someday.
Like maybe Dick Clark or some other Dick will give you a million dollars on Equatio.
If he asks you where is Nokia made?
Where were they hang out?
Because if you don't know, you're finished.
And that's where it is.
It's in Finland.
How do you like that?
Keep it in mind.
It's in Finland.
The Finns.
Ever been in Helsinki?
I have.
How do you like that, Mr. Smarty Pants?
I did other speak that called before.
Give me a son.
I don't know this.
I don't know that.
I got news for you, pal.
I don't live in some narrow little goddamn ten block area of goofballs like you do.
I get around.
I get all of the goddamn world.
Have I been to Cuba?
No.
No, thank you.
Have I been to Israel?
No.
No, thanks.
I don't want to go with it.
It's like people who want to live like that.
For people want to kill you.
Yeah, exactly.
For example, I see this picture, this attorney Spencer I, you know, the one that the attorney
for the relatives of a poor little island over here.
This Orthodox year with his beard and the Shmata days were.
And I'm, oh, if I could begin to tell you every time I see his posts on TV, I just want
to just up.
And is this an interesting marriage, by the way?
So many of those far-bison, anti-Semitic, old, hard-line Cubans who are now co-zing up,
sucking up to this, not just the regular ordinary Jewish rabbi, but this Orthodox Jewish
rabbi.
Hey, what do you like that?
Yeah, when you, that's right.
Yeah, when you need a good Jew, there he is for you, huh?
When you need a good Jew, loya, then all of a sudden they're good guys.
Yeah, give it to that Jew lawyer in the Bronx.
See, everything that you can talk about, there's a great line in the Godfather for it.
Every single, no matter what the situation is, no matter what the person is, God.
I mean, if we really wanted to straighten this problem out, where would we, who would
we go see?
Don't call me on.
Like I said, there you go.
We want to straighten this thing out easily, without all this civil unrest and crap.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQA, and it's the coast is clear now.
I'm here to lead the Catholics, like no one ever did.
The brain was the heretics for this and I've been sitting.
I will travel across the world, looking at gets in thoughts and ideas.
That's the Jew, the dress like a girl, until they learn to feel.
We get religious and just like these.
Enjoy the archdiocese.
Catholic real estate is what we must be proud of.
We need what I say to you.
I find very tender, dark, true, or I'll live my dress and say,
we've come full.
He's on the show, he's in front.
Look at my ring, goodly, my home.
All right, Trump noon right on the nose here.
5.60 WQA, and we got Hank from McCool City at 2.
Hank with Rob Conrad at 5.
Boob Shambi at 6 o'clock and then the National Champagne Ship Game tonight.
The Sugar Bowl, the FSU, the Seminoles and the Virginia Tech.
Are we going to be watching that?
No.
Or listening to it, we'll have to listen.
5.670560, £560 on the AT&T line.
I know if we're going to be in Nixigarra's George and I,
there'll be one Cuban one Anglo.
We'll be there this Saturday, not for politics.
We'll be there to smoke on the air.
We can all agree on that.
Nothing like puffing on a big ground one.
At Nixigarra's this Saturday from noon to two,
we'll have cigar rolling demonstrations,
sampling of Anaheizard Bush's new products,
tequiza and rumba and food and entertainment,
and a partridge in a pair of three.
And I bet you your good buddy,
what's his name shows up there too on Saturday?
What's his name, you know?
I know.
I can't think of his name. He'll be talking.
Tony, I'm sorry.
5.670560, £560.
Tony's got 74,262 tapes of any Arrogers show.
Oh!
I'm going Tony.
5.670560, look at this, pretty weak.
Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes sir.
Hey, I was your new year's.
Great.
Oh, almost, I was like...
I said, get back here and go away!
And nobody knows how to drive down here.
Uh huh.
Listen, Talking about your top-out immigration.
Uh huh.
Now, you're a bright guy.
You know as well as I do,
that the immigration problem in this country
is more to do with economics
and have to do with policy.
That's all I just been saying for the last half hour, yes.
You know, they bring them in because they take jobs
there's nobody will think
and it's not only you got it when you got an ass backwards no the point is
this that it has to be an economic some of the people are trying to get in
people are shlupers people are coming from desperate economic streets
we're looking to have a better life economically not because they want
political freedoms because quite frankly this is a police state anyway
i agree with you there but you gotta think about something do you know the
the amount of jobs
that the uh... the immigrants take at a low rate of pay
that if they would have to hire somebody just pay a minimum wage
the cost of the time it'll be a little bit of the cost you six or seven
uh... let me ask you this how many workers in this country are gonna pick
the middles
uh... not many none
zero
with all the respect understand what you're saying
but use the very bad example in fact there are many other minimum wage
jobs
that they cannot find people to take the jobs
what can you imagine what i'm not saying is an excuse for bringing in
cheap illegal aliens but i'm just stating a fact that's the way it is because
we got a lot of lazy shifters people and that's why you know the eliminating
welfare altogether is the way to go
and if we got a job even if it's picking tomatoes if you're physically able
to do it and that's the best we can do for you
take it or goodbye
pick it up with luck
i guess i don't know if i guess so that's the way it should be in a real world
okay no more handouts for people who have the physical ability to do a job if
you want to work fine if not you run your own good luck here
oh well
okay five six seven oh five it's just and there's nothing complicated about it
worker die
there you go work or die work uh... is not what the nazi said the our bite uh...
what is it going to your man we have a statement to the necessarily our
bite uh... mocked uh... dear uh... fry so that's not how it goes but no
but this our bite not fry
work will make you free that's what it says when you get with it
you got to get out of your little guy named human world and get it the real
world start hanging out with some nazis
and some nazis yeah when we work here
five six seven oh five sixty of course we work for my business he had a little
mustache boy
but he had been a good access guy or well now he used to puking waste basket
with two nervous
he could never he could never with stood there pressure
here's a uh... mobile in my email
new god yes sir
meal i'm seriously jones jonesing right now for my panthers
yeah
these long spades the schedule is a joke i mean i can't i don't even know if
they exist anymore
they're red hot beret that big game that they're saying in set of the
which i miss that was out of town and uh... they don't play again till the
marnight and we'll have a lot of the west coast well what kind of a schedule is
this
yeah that's the corkiest thing ever i've ever seen those
it sucks i mean
and uh...
and i got my satellite this is what i could see those maple leaves kicks and
buffalo ass last night
even for that in person on set it when the least are all hungover
lucky you
uh... speaking of the least i can't wait for the rematch in the playoffs with the
least
yeah
big-go-y that that game was so great that was where that was no matter who you're
rooting for that was worth the price of emission
you know that game reminded me of like a great horse race were the one
like a horse moves a little too soon on the far turn in the horse with the
sonic laugh has one
that's like an aledare in affirmed in the bell mondan the third in the third
rematch in the triple crown and the friday was on the rail with stevee
cothan here comes aledarnie outside and she has an aledars got a lady put
a nose in front and then here comes the firm back on the inside and beat him
at the wire by the way i thought he could
now that that was a that was a big no one there
you bet okay pal
all right you
golees go
ice game last night by the way maybe they believe
in some serious ask fifty four points pat quinoe be coach in the uh...
well western hemisphere whatever they call
in the all-star game that all-star game what a joke although it will be at the
air canada center
where least are averaging standing room only capacity plus how do you like
that
capacity plus
the ravaging for every home game
they were standing the rafters they were standing out there on god damn
based rate there was a flash jammed into the union station
watch with binoculars last night
as surgae berson and egor corollar had two goals a piece in kevin adam's head
is first ever any chelgole and what the other one by the way let's see two
four five
uh... i'll think of it
who had the other goal for the least last night by the way
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
we could sit here from now until the cows come on have to look at them i
forget i can't believe i forgot that
jesus that's bad and any rate that kicks and buffle elastic at fifty four
points they lead to conference or only one point beyond the trail i'll tell
you a great final
here's a great and a stand-and-cuff final the Toronto Maple East and the
Detroit red wings to the original sick of that would have to great they have
to put me in intensive care with an oxygen mask on
here's a mobile in north Miami hello
yes sir
point of immigration story yes sir
uh... i'm from a country that is a dictatorship equal to a perhaps was in
cubus i've been a twelve years now
what's that
and yet
and yet
in a central africa right oh my god
i came in here legally i paid in and and uh... immigration lawyer a lot of
money to get me in
i've never taken a hand out of the last for any social security well for any
like that i paid my taxes here
i never problem with uh... the people i don't have a problem with humans i
like you can't have a problem with this
they're feeling that somehow they should be able to get in there easy to
anyone else and it's the word that you're looking for is entitlement they have
this feeling of entitlement like somehow
there at the front of the line and because of the bay of pigs therefore for all
time from now until the end of time that will entitle them to come in here in
as big numbers as they want and it's more crab it's more sure any of the
difference i see between them and me is that they were uh... fortunate to be
living ninety miles
the graph of a last-right geographic location that's the whole reason that we're
saddled with this here in south florida
if we could just if we could just have that island drift a little further to the
east you know i think like in the middle of the Atlantic
now we don't wish him no ill but uh... that would do a lot of good for us
neither and uh...
i'm quite open about it i came here or i came from a dictatorship but i came
here to better myself not for uh...
political reasons right here because of the uh... quality of life there are ten
people on the face of this globe who come to this country because of political
repression that's all bull
i agree
okay good luck now
thanks
there's a good upstanding and from that's our first caller ever from
zambia i don't like that he wasn't calling from zambia
because i think they're way down there on the phone list of it is also a
list here who's got the most phones
the top-penn mainline telephone users per one thousand
sweet number one
switzerland number two u.s number three
see that's what we don't get as many calls as we should because the guy
demu is lagging behind if we were and we've had calls from the sweeten
now that i think of it
am i right
yes we have how you like that
number four then mark
number five norway seat those northerners candidate countries it's
colder than smith up there as a result they are hang out on the phone a lot
what else are they going to do
canada number six
frank number seven Hong Kong number eight
netlands number nine there you go
and feel a number ten
they got that phone stuck to their
rectum here
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line here's
western hello
western yeah i know yes sir
why great
i've never done this before so i'm going to be a little nervous i'll try and
pull it together but nevertheless i've been living here in south
larga nineteen years
uh... i go out on a bicycle six days a week i go from weston the carls springs
and back
which is well over thirty miles a day uh... and from weston to hollywood
and i see things on the bicycle i'd like to get it off my chest
number one you see things and a bicycle
no i think i think things writing a bicycle that most people don't see in their
cars because
they go on forty five fifty miles an hour fifteen
so i see many many more cars than the average person in the
uh... in the car yeah
is what i think and here's what i i've discovered in nineteen years
i don't think there are three people in all of south florida
who deserve a driver's license right you and i will maybe george
okay
now that's three it's enough okay nobody got the right one
before sunrise after sundown rainy days
dark cloudy days
no fun nobody no nobody has a direction
how about the actual how about the assholes driving with their hands are
life's lesson which is against the law
or the or the people driving with their uh... parking life's on which is also
against the law
how about the uh... cell phone ship into the rear right and they don't see my
bike because
their wife is telling him what she's going to do to one which is getting it on
tonight right you know he's not watching my bike
the uh... the speeding everybody knows that and who in the world down here
knows what the word s t o p names
these people are in the garden graduates yeah
the kind that they're stupid
and i just want to know
a twenty-year
support
right
yeah going to the sheriff's department i appear to be the only person down here
who's fighting back number two
i believe ninety what what are you doing shooting them on a way by or what
it that's it
yeah you see me
i got the imaginary gun to the hell yeah
right
ninety eight percent of the people in my opinion living down here is a
totally brain dead
the word please thank you may i excuse me you welcome
people go through a
i think they're wake up man
you can in the lake yeah that might do it
they're like to pal see on a road
see on the highway hopefully not flattened out
five six seven oh five sixty pound five c now in an accident a lot of people
over get around bicycles in fact any normal number of people right by
you imagine like this poor guy
slept around on a bicycle here in the middle of all these crazy people he's
talking about it is absolutely correct
speaking enough like all america
the sports leader
sports radio five sixty
you
and
show up
oh
you have a
have a
do
ready
ready
let me
hold
me
luego
surface
quality
initiate
red
clean
and the great consume.
It wasn't that great.
It stopped the car with the three toll feet and it played the records with a bird's big
peak.
Some days maybe Fred will win the fight and that's Jack to stay out for the night.
When the boss exit feathers on the birds rear end, the episode ain't over.
It just began.
I hope you dig my three historic lives so turn on the tube and have a gale time.
Oh!
Yeah, but never do, never do, never do, Fred and Barney say it's Fred and Barney.
All right.
For 14 and 560 WQM on our great Tuesday January 4, 2000.
I was very curious about that for a long time.
For a long time.
Another one here.
I don't know what to say about it.
What do you call it?
Like 1995, 96, 98, 99 and now 2000 doesn't sound right.
The double watts.
20 double watt like Chetro Boatine.
And what are we going to do when it gets to be next year 2001?
That's going to be real bad.
We're going to say 20 or 1.
Yeah.
2001 or how much is saying 1?
Ow!
Huh?
Now if we say 0 for 2000, then that takes away our argument about this not being the beginning
of the millennium because then they'll say, oh, you see there is a zero, a year zero.
This is it.
There's the year zero.
So if the Fred, if 2000 can be, wait a minute.
I'll see if 2000 can be zero before 2001, then before the year 1 AD, it could have been year zero.
Of course it wasn't.
But hey, but hey, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, let's go shoot somebody and argue about whether it's really the beginning of the
millennium.
Come on, let's see.
The American F and wait, man.
Well, let me forget to reread this story at this letter from the William Donahue, the
president of the Catholic League, because there may have been a lot of people on vacation
during the holidays.
And I want to make sure that they realize that the good Catholic Church, the Catholic League
after is added again in regards to this show.
I think it's appropriate.
They're symboled as a sword.
Yeah.
And I know they will be a part of it.
They're right.
So I'd have Mr. Greg Reed station master, not manager or mangler station master, like I'm
going to cut you.
Yeah, exactly with my sword.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Also, Miami reports fewer murders.
I'm caught or in the early part of the show on a Hucka Chinatown about this then, which
that wasn't the time.
And Mayor Joe Carroyo, he's thrilled.
Last year, the lowest number and more than 32 years, only you 71 people killed in the city
of Miami.
How do you like that?
The lowest since the late 60s when the population was almost 200,000 less.
LBJ was president of Vietnam War was going on, etc. and so on.
The homicide tally hasn't been this low since 1967 when 47 people were killed in Miami.
Only 71 people died in Miami.
Now of course, there are civilized countries around the world where they don't have 15 people
murdered all year long, where they have millions, where they have many, many more people living
in in Dave County, where there only has a couple of million people.
But we're supposed to be excited and very proud only 71 people.
And by the way, if you think that's great, in Dave County, there are only 227 homicides
last year.
Let's hear it.
Dave County.
Down from 279 to year before.
Now, what was that figure that I gave for like Windsor, Ontario?
Remember what we were doing in comparison to Detroit?
And Windsor, Detroit was like 350 some.
And Windsor was one.
2018 something like that.
Huh.
So we got to be really proud.
The murders are going down.
We can just get a few more guns in circulation.
We'll have this thing looked.
Here's candle.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
It's Mr. Rogers speaking.
How are you doing, sir?
Great.
My name is Freddie.
I'm a Haitian and I feel that it's up to us the Haitian people to make our country a better place to live.
That our people don't have to keep coming.
How are you going to do that?
Well, first of all, there's a strong lack of unity among us.
Haitian people and I think that we need to stick together like the Cuban does and help each other out and try to focus on the Cuban.
But you see, the Cubans had a big advantage when they first came here and that is that they were much better educated and that they had job skills.
And of course, as you know, in your country, the education level of education is very, very low.
And there's rampant poverty and there's a very, very tremendous amount of illiteracy.
And as a result, it's hard to become a political force when you don't have an education and you don't have any money.
That is true and that's where the government and Haiti felt us.
And I think they need to focus more than they can.
And of course, who put that government there?
Well, Neil, if you know anything about our history, usually they're dictators and they just...
But the dictators were the puppets of this country, though, that's my point.
And that is that if we're going to use that as an excuse, the excuse being that the US didn't get rid of Castro.
In fact, they helped them get in the first place in Cuba and were responsible for him.
Then Haiti would have a very legitimate argument the same thing.
Right, but Neil, listen to this.
I think the US has been very good to us.
Those of us that allow to come here and I don't think it would be fair for them just to open the door.
I agree. We're all done.
All done. The German here.
George Scott shot today. I just shot it.
But, for example, I visited the Dominican Republic, which is right next door to...
Oh, did you take nose plugs when he went there?
That's a bad place.
But I think they are working very hard to make their country a better place.
Now we're talking to the Minicana.
And they were deporting some of the Haitians there.
And honestly, they're trying very hard to improve their economy in the center of living.
And I can't blame them for deporting the Haitian.
If they opened their doors, then all the Haitians are going to flood to the other side.
That would be good for them.
We'll have both loads every goddamn day of the week.
Right, so I think it's up to us to focus in our country.
Those of us who are out in the US, you know, unite ourselves and try to make things better over there.
And so we won't have to keep coming over here and...
And by the way...
I'm afraid all over the place.
I'll tell you a countryman, by the way, quit so-and-os baseball so tight.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
Yeah, pretty soon they're going to be hitting 90 and 100 home runs here because they keep sold them tighter and tighter and tighter.
Come on.
Loosen up a little bit.
We're here, please.
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th line.
Here's a lady in Naples.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I can't believe we have a lady on this line.
You're exciting.
Well, you didn't list the one-and-er number for a while.
Sorry.
You kept saying 877.
Something, yeah.
It's a bad number.
It's a crappy number.
So you stomach hurts?
I wouldn't say it hurts, but I have a lot of...
You know, I have intestinal flu.
Gas flu discomfort.
Ginger ale on a cracker.
Ginger ale?
Yeah.
Ginger ale on a cracker?
No.
I heard we're getting...
Ginger ale on Edas soda cracker.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Can't eat no soda crackers.
Huh?
Can't eat no soda crackers.
They're on the weekends.
Plus my mother gave me more of my dog.
I'm going to buy it.
Okay.
Eat a beef jerky and a glass of ginger ale.
Yeah.
Beef jerky is always good when you have enough said stomach,
but all those chemicals in it, you know, that'll really...
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Watch an employee chuck some up the other day.
Uh-huh.
It'll make a sh**.
Yeah, that too.
Thanks for a perpetuating intelligence.
Okay.
And have a great day, sweetheart.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Interesting.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
And that tool for your line, she's right.
I don't give it long enough and often enough and slow enough.
It ain't long enough.
I'll take her that.
Oh, god.
877-785-6345.
See my philosophy is if it works, it's long enough.
877-785-6345.
Does it work?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
No problem.
Here's a lady mobile in Coral Springs.
Let's do back-to-back ladies here.
Hello.
Is it me?
It's you.
Hi, my name is Andrea.
I'm driving north on the Florida term pike to Cala Hathby.
Wow.
But the reason I'm calling you is because my boyfriend's following behind me and he's listening to you.
Right.
I was listening to my CD, he told me to start rolling down the window telling me something.
I'm flashing his hand, 560, so he thinks he's pulling over to listen to you.
And I'm just calling to humor him a little and say hi to Neil Godd.
How old is your boyfriend?
He's 21.
21?
Yeah.
And we're both going to Florida State to watch the games tonight.
How long you been going with him?
Three years.
Three years?
Yep.
Is he good in the sack?
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Well, that's all countable.
Uh-huh.
Is he making any money?
He's going to come from some money in a family?
Uh, he's just going to school right now.
Doesn't come back.
He's had the doctor, so I will say.
Oh, he's a doctor?
Yeah.
Like I said, hang on tight, sweetheart.
I will.
Hang on real tight.
Happy New Year.
And good luck to the, uh, whatever they are.
The Noles tonight.
Thank you.
And to tell Bobby Bobby, Zahoo, okay?
Alrighty.
Give your boyfriend a kiss for me, sweetheart.
Okay, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Let's five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Well, I don't want him to drive off the road.
I just said, right on the f***.
I'm trying to help him out.
Okay?
All of it sounds like he's getting all they can handle.
Went in doubt.
Put it out.
How did so anybody see Monica last night?
Oh, no.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, I just had to watch some of that.
I just had to.
I couldn't help myself.
Huh?
Why?
But why not?
Just to see what a simple jackass he is.
Plus, of course, to watch Larry do that.
That lathering with the tongue job that he doesn't ever get.
I guess there's my good friend in a friend where...
Didn't you already see the Bobo Wadwa interview?
No, I did not.
I don't want Bobo Wadwa.
I will not watch the hapte body.
I will not watch that bitch.
Oh.
I mean, Larry is obnoxious and hunchbacking.
Socks a lot of ass knows everybody money.
But...
Let me trust you now.
At least you don't have those speech impediment.
See, I know that sounds like a real big of a thing on my part.
But I think if you're going to be a broadcaster, like Wendy Martez,
I think you ought to be able to speak English.
I speak some language, and I have a speech defect.
I know we kind of like yogurt having a show.
You say, our wine mic.
I think it's our own show.
The wine mic show.
She was that's terrible.
Not that terrible, but it happened to be true.
She got him off that show by the way, bitch.
She was the one that drove into it.
Who would you have known?
Bobo Wadwa.
I know that.
He hated that bitch.
And she had the nerve.
Oh, she was on, Larry.
He was sucking her arm, put it one night.
And he asked her about who...
Now, oh, he's such a wonderful man.
And it was so proud to work with him.
And I'm thinking to myself,
you will lie in bitch.
See, that's another part of that whole Larry King thing.
He sucks their ass, and then he lets him get away
with these ridiculous answers.
Long me $50.
Sure.
No.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Happy New Year for Hitler.
For the same year, sir.
Good.
Over the years, we can stay at a very nice hotel in the area
that Miami International Airport Hotel.
Really?
Yeah.
And I noticed that there were a lot of...
Thanks, around.
How you like that?
He stayed in the airport in Miami.
He definitely went to a hotel.
Just go to MIA.
In fact, I go into about 2-3 in the morning,
and you'll be amazed what's going on in there.
And you probably find a lot of your own people.
5-670-560-050-560.
See, this guy is great, isn't he?
Fags.
Did he just say, Fag?
Uh-huh.
Woo!
I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight now.
This guy just said, Fag, George.
At the hotel.
Brackdom.
That's why he was so giddy.
Giddy and gay.
Maybe he opened the drawer and the motel
found the Giddy and Bible.
TL.
26 past noon.
Was it Giddy and gay?
Oh yeah.
As a goose.
And by the way, you can't pass up a goose.
Only one South Florida radio station has...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, you want something to do it?
Hey, Goldberg.
Weekday afternoons at 2.
Sports Radio 560-
Q-A-F.
MIA.
Oh God.
Fiv MONOI.
Uncle Gov.
HU FJO Messenger.
I knew that.
gen.
Deia Leia, Sheilairme.
Bald!
Bing.
Ham.
But everything goes away.
because that's where we're looking for love.
It's where you're cracked that.
The fetish held by me, F-A-G.
I got love's facial hair, then a lusy.
So don't make fun.
Don't poke your nose at the queer,
cake boy, and lifestyle like Joe.
Stop your game, Joe.
Some start being silent,
because you might get a taste of homosexual violence.
We don't play your butt's much harder,
like a dog in the territory.
You're a fucking market.
But when you see us with our Ray Bands,
Mom was just tying the parts that we wanted in our hands on.
The love of the S-A-G.
We're the F-A-G that starts.
Oh, you don't do for yet.
Really all kind of hard to swallow.
Let me see you just prance with me.
Just prance with me.
Now slide.
Oh, right there.
Let me see you do some waistband.
Oh, perfect.
Let me twist lips.
That's the fetish.
Whoa.
Now look at your wet and dead.
Oh, I got a white tooth off.
Oh, J-A-G.
Does this have real art?
Chote and dick, baby.
Does anybody have a moist towel head?
J-A-G.
Okay, look, let's just come to the crab house.
Here, no, Judy Garland.
There's no fact in the church.
1230 at 560 W.Q. M. Sue.
Anyway, William Donahue, president of the Catholic League in New York,
the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights rights to Mr. Greg Reed,
station master W.Q. M. December 22, 1999.
Dear Mr. Reed, I was recently made aware of an advertisement from the New Rogers Show
in the end, which appeared in the Fort Lauderdale Sun Sentinel.
There is a photo of Mr. Rogers dressed in the vestments of a Catholic cleric,
along with a bishop's miter.
In place of the bishop's staff of office, he holds a microphone above his figure
the phrase,
is pronounced with a small G, which is the way the period in the end.
Although, too, that a big G.
I would appreciate you choosing some other way of advertising the show.
Perhaps, if Mr. Rogers dressed as a Jewish rabbi or a Muslim imam,
he would appear more inclusive.
So in other words, if I was making fun of,
I was satirizing some other religion that Jews, the Muslims,
or anybody beside the Catholics, he would appreciate that.
Then it would be okay.
Is that correct?
Yes!
Given the erogist views on Catholicism, this adds to Max the bigotry.
Now, in fact, his comments in the previous paragraphs back a bigotry to me,
if necessary, I will contact his sponsors.
Sincerely, William Adonahue, president of the Catholic League for Religious,
which is in New York City.
But obviously, he's well familiar with my views on the Catholic Church,
and not on the other ones.
Because I sure so would never make fun of laundry heads or eat a lot
for people with schmathas on their head, or with tollises or people at the row
or whatever they do with the tefilas.
What do they do with it?
Get out of here!
Lay it.
Hang it out.
No, they lay it.
Really?
That's what they call it when they would be called.
Well, they already done it.
They call laying the tefilas.
Don't ask me why they do that.
And of course, you see your friend David, he couldn't lay anything else.
Here's a cross here.
Oh, please don't tell me.
Cross-growing, hello.
Neil!
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
When you're a wop without papers, and you come over and they give you a Italian restaurant?
Yeah.
You have Jeff DeForest, do the spots for you?
The defo does it, right?
Restorantes, yeah.
Boy, that's authentic Italian.
In New York, it's restaurant-tees.
When I think of authentic Italian, I think immediately of Jeff DeForest.
When I think of authentic Jew, I think of anybody besides Jeff DeForest.
You keep saying that nobody on your station has Jeff Benedict on the air?
The guy with the book about the athlete?
I had him on the air.
And you had pros and cons.
I had him on the air.
And the apple had him on the air about, I don't know, about a year before you did?
Did he, but who listens at that time of night?
And not only that, but that would be in between the odds of the overs and the unders.
Well, by the end of the show, you know.
By the end of the show, you know, you had him on the over-unders and all that stuff.
But yeah, he didn't want to be one of the main characters of the book, Lamar Thomas.
Right.
He's one of your colleagues now at the station.
Does the show with Hank all the time?
Lamar Thomas, be doing a show on his station?
Absolutely.
I hear Cecil's going to be doing some hard time, too.
How to get into Wind Up?
Right.
How to get into a little, how to turn a small crack into a big hole?
Inclosing?
Yes, sir.
Gregory, Washington, Washington, Health.
Okay.
27 before 1 at 5.65am.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Oh, in fact, every time I see him, I always think,
he needs to do this to me.
Yeah.
Although, usually, I think more like dummy while you do this to me, but nevertheless, we don't have that.
Do we have that? No.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Like I said, where is the other $1,150 that was supposed to go to center one from that OJ that notorious golfer?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
And Neil, Happy New Year.
And, same to you, sir. Happy Millennium.
Neil, the reason I'm calling is to talk about Cecil, the criminal decil.
Cecil, the decil bike, yeah.
Well, the Daily Police released a 56-page report this morning.
Right.
And in the report, he says that he was drunk and he walked by the window and saw it open.
So he wanted to go inside and take a look.
Take a peek, yeah.
Take a peek.
Yeah.
So I wanted to talk a little opening, a little crack, and as being the running back,
he sees a crack and he wants to turn it into a big hole.
Well, yeah, he didn't want to dig the wing and he didn't want to take a look.
Right.
Yeah.
So I think Jimmy and his job.
But how come both newspapers this morning blew this story?
It was on the news five o'clock yesterday.
And the newspaper is sure to sound like we're going to be at that hour.
How come neither newspaper number one, they both buried the story.
And number two, they didn't have the part about the fact that he's confessed.
I don't know.
Maybe Jimmy's Johnson, that's something to do with it.
Yeah.
He wouldn't surprise me.
But I've only got to say Neil, and that, um, that Catholic Nazi there,
he sounds a lot more like David Duke.
Okay.
See you.
I have a great day.
Yes, I guess.
What's your guy's name, Duke?
Donnie, who wasn't it?
What does that mean saying?
Does anybody have any idea?
No, I don't know what it's talking about.
I do know.
I got to keep your chats in straight here.
I know that.
26 before what is 560 WQM 560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line?
Oh, I was supposed, I'm sorry.
I forgot all about who was it now.
I was supposed to say.
Peanuts.
Yes.
What did I write down?
Andrea.
Who's Andrea?
I don't know.
I wrote down Andrea.
Was that the lady that called before was her name, Andrea?
Why did I write down Andrea?
I think so.
That's where one of George's friend named Peanuts.
Who kind of related to what George earns here at QAM?
Peanuts?
Hey, we haven't got any food here today.
How do you like that?
Well, my stomach's a little bit upset.
I'm sorry for eager that we don't have any food.
Oh, he's not in there for food.
He's in there to tell you something's story about some spot.
And since we got so many spots on the earth during these holidays,
you know, somebody mentioned me yesterday,
but power 96 must be changing that format.
They're hardly running any spots.
I said, oh, don't get too carried away.
It's only for a few days during these holidays.
Once we get to like the fifth of the year,
you'll have 400 spots an hour.
Trust me.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami?
Yeah, it's Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New BBs to you.
And send me you, sir.
Neil, I want to ask you now, you, I'm sure you've heard that
most of these landings, or raffle landings,
when they come in a lot of the most stage.
And you ever wonder why?
A lot of them are smuggled, yes.
Well, not smuggled, stage.
I mean, these were people that were here and they staged the landings.
You know, the reason for that?
What is the reason for that, sir?
The reason for that is, it might happen to know this because I'm related to a border patrol agent.
And the reason is that most of these raffles, when they arrive on our shores,
they're giving a $9,000 startup thing.
They have to be here.
They're giving a $90,000 one.
$9,000 to start up their lives in New Laxia.
By whom?
Who gives a $9,000?
The US government.
As well as those who have any business acumen,
if they have any desire to start a business, they get $35.
Now they also get like a yellow Cadillac?
And probably do, I don't know.
I think that's only the idea.
I do know that much.
I'll prove it to that information.
A yellow civilian would be good.
I said a yellow civilian would be nice.
I don't know how to go with their pale colors.
Look, I'm talking about the darker-complexed Cubans.
Oh, okay, that's a nice color.
Another rafting people, yeah.
But that's it.
I mean, that's why these landings,
and most of the elderly Cubans that are here,
they were brought here on the premise that they would be taking care of by their families.
But then, I mean, I go to these food stores and then I get online,
and I don't know, they were food stamps.
Food stamps, yeah.
The town police bought it.
You didn't smell it a mile away.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
I'll stick here and meet it.
Oh, we're sure getting some great stories today.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, you got them Cuban flag armed bands.
Oh, yeah.
You can spot those from 50 miles away.
5, 6, 7, 05 from 90 miles away.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I kind of like my Gideon Bible myself.
Where we going?
Let's do a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Neil God, love you.
Of course.
How you doing today?
Great.
Never better.
Well, I want to talk to you about my millennium lineup of radio.
What I think would be great is to have you,
all you guys on one channel would be like Howard in the morning.
Yeah.
You at the midday.
Mm-hmm.
Liz Wilde showing the afternoon.
Liz Wilde, oh boy.
And then maybe who said that this new guy Lionel or somebody coming on?
Lionel.
Lionel.
Lionel, when is Lionel going to be on?
I think he started yesterday at seven o'clock.
Oh, that's right.
I think I really like his finally.
Time to like his nippet boy.
You're in the show.
In other words, you're one of the five people listening to that radio station.
Oh, God.
Their number.
Their numbers are invisible.
I mean, they just vanish.
We can start there.
What?
Point four.
Point eight.
Point four.
And even lower than the battling for.
And then they're throwing in for Brooke, right?
Liz Wilde.
Yeah.
She's going in until she comes back from her hunchback hopper.
She's going to fire her ass.
Wow.
That's pretty fun.
I'm like, you're a little.
Yeah.
I'm sure it'll be some intriguing radio though.
I mean, anything could give that station a face lift, you know what I mean?
Keep rubbing your radio.
Maybe something good will happen.
All righty.
Okay, pal.
Not being the okay.
Yeah.
Like I said, just keep rubbing it.
And then I would like to say like you do with a little magic lamp.
You just keep rubbing it and maybe something good will be happening.
Yeah, that's what he said.
Just rub it.
Yeah.
I think he's rubbing it, but that number don't get any bigger.
You know, he's getting smaller.
Maybe if he stopped rubbing it, let it heal for a while.
It might do something.
Can't believe that.
A point four.
Even breaking the, uh, the John Ford number.
I don't, I mean, that's bad.
There's something wrong with that.
No, I'm serious.
There's something wrong with that number.
And that includes the first hour of the field tapes.
So obviously he's making a tremendous impact.
Are you sure?
And don't get me wrong.
I love Billy's a good guy, but you know, I'm tape, which I, and by the way,
none of the stuff has got anything to do with here.
You know what I'm saying?
I flipped on one night, a couple weeks ago, which I haven't listened to.
I love them the first week.
And he was talking about something in Santa Monica and about some of the,
what it's it's strictly we do a KFI thing.
And I'm thinking to myself, if this is a syndicated show, what he's talking about has no,
I mean, I don't even know what he's talking about.
Santa Monica was I've been there.
But most of the people here are kind of idea who he's talking about or where that place is,
which I thought was kind of bizarre.
Nice going there Pete once again, really doing it big time.
We will win.
That's what PD says we will win.
Are they going to win?
No.
Are they losing big?
Are they doing unbelievable numbers that nobody in the world could ever envision?
Yeah.
50,000 watts stationed in the middle of the dime.
Yeah.
And how about that FAN, that AFM, whatever the hell it is with the dead man,
I'm as soon as, uh, I think I'm as he's going to be talking to his brother Fred on the phone tomorrow.
That's just, that's a psychic prediction here on the near Roger show.
The man has got a dead man in the chair.
He's making millions of dollars.
He's got a, a rumor has it.
Fred, I'm with Tommy yesterday that Tim Russer, that show he's got not the, uh,
paste an issue, not a meat depressed, but some other show on CNBC that he's got where interviews,
Ansels, he had, uh, I'm his son there and just ripped him a merciless ass.
I talked about the fact that he was deaf and couldn't hear a damn thing and he said,
look at what you looked like five years ago and look at you now and, um,
I mean, it wasn't, I kept asking it was he joking and said no,
and it was these long pauses and I'm just kept looking at him like,
why are you doing this to me?
And I kept thinking why not?
Man, dead man in a chair.
I mean, I guess they thought that he was going to be the anchor that really was going to put that thing on the map there at,
at 1950 under that wherever the hell it is.
And all these, like I said yesterday, I'll say it again,
the only people who listen to that radio station are the sports nerds inside this radio station.
Oh yeah, you heard those two Jews in the midday, they're great,
others so much better than Neil and at Jim Berry afternoon, he blows Hank away and pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-ya.
He blows all right, at Jim Berry.
He's a simple, that he's a silly person.
There's nothing to be worse than a silly person on the air.
Oh God, the only thing worse is maybe,
that might be worse.
That's pain.
19-till-one at 560 WQM-18.
Nuffins football.
Sports radio.
560 WQM-18.
Yeah, get, baby.
And now, filling in for Jarell Davis, it's Troy Aikman for Campbell's Chunky Soup.
Let's take a call.
Hello, Troy.
Hi, Mom. Don't wear it. I'm eating my Campbell's Chunky Soup.
I don't care about the damn soup.
What?
Did you find a nice girl yet?
Mom, I told you.
You have another of them sending your panties to the house.
You could at least humor one of them.
I told you, my husband, the boy is a brute.
Is that bad?
No, listen to your father.
No one to shut up.
I didn't make the boy that way.
Must have been your mother, Martha.
I was bringing it over them, picked muppet and she's talking.
No, listen to him.
As long as you're happy with the nice girl, that's all we care about.
But Mom, no buts.
Okay, well, thanks for sitting in joy, but you might not sit in so close.
Join us next week when they don't touch me, Ned.
Trial, Davis returns.
Call 45 at 560 WQM-18.
567, we got some open lines.
Now, actually, they've been pretty good, I would say.
I don't cut your chickens before they hatch.
Yesterday was pretty short week.
Okay, well, they were out of practice and it was Monday.
And it was the first day and they didn't expect me to take calls.
Because I said, I'm Wednesday, are we taking calls Monday?
And I said, no.
So you said they weren't prepared.
They had to do a little bit of homework, write down some notes,
build up a little bit of energy and courage.
Right?
Get their agenda all straightened out.
And now they're doing pretty damn good.
Of course, we got an hour and a quarter to go.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Have we had a call from four Myers today?
No.
No, we had that very nice lady from Naples who told me to stick some crackers
in my back dome and like that.
She was nice.
But other than that, what's wrong with those people over there?
1-877, 785, 6345.
I'm practically diving in for you.
Over there on the West Coast.
You're a little bit slow.
Is that what the problem is?
877, 785, 6345.
See, they don't care about Cecil Collins over there.
They even know who that is.
They don't care about God and illegal immigration.
Because who the hell is going in over there and they won't let him in anyway,
which is pretty smart.
They're saying, oh, you want to come over here and form Myers?
I don't think so.
No way, Jose.
That's what they say.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Being outspoken as you are, which is great, and being a Michigan State graduate.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you ever noticed, though, that certain schools get certain preferences
and being the fact that University of Michigan
and Mandate's school, naturally, was voted, ended up into ninth in the poll.
Michigan State was ended up 10th.
Michigan.
Michigan.
Michigan ends up going to the orange bowl, a more prestigious bowl, a more money for the school.
Yeah, but we had the honor of beating the dreaded obnoxious Florida Gators,
which is much more fun than playing with them.
Wait a minute.
But what I'm trying to get at, yes, we did.
But we beat Michigan also.
And how did they end up in front of us when we beat them?
Yeah, well, head to head.
Wait a minute, because they got Tom Brady.
Oh!
Okay.
Yeah, no, he got points.
They got extra points for Tom Brady for looks.
Okay, it just urged the hell out of me because a lot of times that happens.
I don't know.
I guess they got no longer a PR than him.
We haven't even known as well as I do.
We haven't done anything in 32 years, 33 years now.
And as a result, nobody really can take them seriously.
Oh.
You know, when they do have a good team, they have to struggle twice as hard.
Right.
Michigan, of course, is one of those teams where they spoke a lot of weed,
they're in Ann Arbor.
They're in a good stuff and as a result.
You got it.
They're in the top 10.
So they're an automatic.
They're in.
You got it.
You got East Lansing as much better anyway.
Amen.
Thanks a lot, buddy.
See you on Grand River or whatever.
Right.
All right.
See you at Wendy's on Grand River Boulevard.
Boy, it's been a long time.
I got to go back to Michigan.
I'm not going back to Michigan.
Oh.
Yeah.
I got to go to Winchewer's restaurant, Marshall Michigan.
Boy, those are the days, huh?
I had to do it all over again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, I used to broadcast Marshall Haya basketball as a matter of fact
and do interviews in the locker room after the game.
877-785-6345.
Where are we going?
I'll tell you those stories someday.
Nothing exciting, unfortunately.
Like I said, if I had to do it over again,
here's the Emerald Hills.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, happy way to K2.
And back to you.
Listen, I just ate lunch and you had to bring up Joe Gazzaki.
Oh, sorry about that.
Oh, there's a gackie.
Oh, geez.
There it comes.
Sorry, it happens every time.
You got a face out.
That reminds me of a group of fish.
Uh-huh.
Unbelievable.
But I want to talk about some monocle.
And personality to match, but anyway.
I believe so.
But Monica last night, was it just new that she'd come off with some really dumb bimbo?
Yeah.
And even the questions which she did answer, which most of them were,
wow, my attorney, I know it's an litigation, I can't it.
But the ones that she did answer were, well, uh-uh.
Next question.
Next question.
And it was the most pathetic.
She said dumb sloth, that's all.
She's looking around like, like, like, like,
like, groping for answers or something.
And then when he said, could you stay and take a few more calls, man?
When she saw the opening, even Cecil didn't move it fast when he saw it opening,
and she did, I got to get out of here right now.
I just can't understand that sloth.
Oh, unbelievable.
And yet, everybody is sucking up to her, and we, you know,
we've tried to lose weight too, and we know how tough it is.
We wish you luck with Jenny Craig.
She's nothing but a cheap sloth that almost brought the goddamn government down,
and we're supposed to be sympathetic to this.
And now she's hoarding herself out there, whatever that will blow up.
And I will say this for her, she admits it.
She said, oh, I got to get the money, I got to pay the lawyers, and this thing.
And she, at least she's honest about that.
She's, you know, up for the highest bid.
Unbelievable.
They have a word for that, which I think you just said.
That's it.
Sloth or bitch.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
So there's a guy that saw that show last night.
There's one thing we make.
Yeah.
That's all Larry King, who is usual suction routine.
She thinks there was suction going on in the oral office there with Bubba.
I'm telling you, I predicted, and that was right.
There was 20 times the more suction in the first five minutes,
and you know, he shakes your hand and grabs your hand in between both hands.
Like, oh, yeah, sweetheart.
He's only wishing that they could get down on the floor right there
as soon as that show ended, or maybe before in the middle.
Just stop and think about that.
Okay, this man is head.
How many wives, 42 wives, something like that?
Uh-huh.
Can you even imagine that?
Who was I talking about?
Oh, yeah, Bob Green.
Bob Green, Nicky would be beautiful compared to Larry King, Nicky.
Oh, hey.
Wow.
Yeah.
He makes quasi-motor look like Tom Brady.
That's how bad Larry King looks.
The elephant man.
He makes the elephant man look like Brad Pitt.
That's how bad Larry King looks.
God.
I know how to do a talk show.
Yeah, right.
You sure got a mean plural lips?
That's what I hear.
I told you the story 45,000 times about the last day before he left this town.
How I had lunch with him, and a restaurant that's no longer there on this game.
This game in about 51st or 2nd, I'm trying to think what the name of the restaurant is.
Any old timer's been here a long time?
You'll think of the name of the restaurant there.
And I get off the year at two o'clock.
Let's see.
Well, whatever I was on here, then back at three o'clock, I guess.
I was doing the.
Oh, no, it was before that's right.
I was doing afternoons on K18 still.
That's when he was lying to me about I was going to get his job after he left.
Because Ed.
That was his name.
He's been dead for years.
Some guy had mutual ed.
Ed something was obsessed with Larry King.
And so that's how we got on the mutual with that overnight show that they never could tell any spots on.
Where he started sucking people's ass on the radio and then all of a sudden they got obsessed with him at CNN.
And I walked into the restaurant.
It was pouring rain outside and have an umbrella was pouring rain.
I parked my car.
I walk into the restaurant.
He's already sitting there waiting for me.
And I extended my hand.
You know, like you would with normally I hadn't seen him in a while to shake his hand.
And he left me standing there with my hand out.
To his story.
Maybe he was just looking for a hand out.
Ed.
Yeah, I can't think of that guy's name.
That really bugs the hell out of me.
But literally no, not Ed or liners.
Oh, it's not Ed or liner.
Oh, I was.
Kaplan.
No.
Ed.
Oh, geez.
Bill Carter would know.
Ed D.
If he were here with us today, I only wish he were, huh?
Ed D.
Oh, that's what it was.
You got it.
Ed D.
He was the original Ed D.
Ed D. Ed D. Ed D.
Ed D.
Kaplan.
Ed D.
Ed D.
Ed D.
How about Ed Berliner?
Ed Berliner.
Ed Berliner.
Ed D.
Ed D.
Can I see that's going to bother me all day now?
Because I used to know that name like that.
Ed Winsart.
Ed.
Ed.
Ed.
Ed D.
I can't think of a good name.
5670560.
Possibly.
It's not really relevant.
but it makes no difference to anything.
And anyway, we had a mediocre lunch,
and it was the end of that.
And off he went to make millions of dollars,
and I'm still here 24 years later.
Where did I go wrong?
See, and that's the no-brainer with me.
Now, no-brainer.
Do I have more talent than Larry King?
Is there any doubt?
Yeah!
I mean, granted, okay.
There are people in the business
who made a lot more money,
they got something going.
But Larry King, it's not even a contest, okay?
I got more talent in my little finger
than that hunchback has gotten his whole body.
And yet people say, well, it goes to Shoei,
if you want to suck a lot of acid, pays off.
Really?
You've seen the way that that works.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
people around like to drop names.
That was funny.
Suck acid, sometimes it pays off.
How Cecil do it, by the way, Hammer?
You know, I gotta say this,
because I, Hank and I, I love Hank.
Hank and I get along great.
Now, I don't love his strong word.
But when black guys call in a Hank show,
and they have a way of saying,
hey, hammer, hey, hammer.
Have you ever noticed that?
Well, you don't listen.
But they, and they say that,
and of course, I've known Hank for years.
So for me to say,
if like, when the days when Hank comes in and talk
before the show,
and his team is playing their runs out
while we're talking at the end of my show.
But anyway, he'll be standing there.
And if I said, Hammer, I would think like,
you know what I'm saying?
It would be like me calling somebody a nickname
that I've known for 30 years by some of them.
Well, like, you'd be calling me Nelson.
It would just be ridiculous, yeah.
Hey, Hammer.
And I hear that, and I just,
I don't know whether the laugh or cry or pee in my pants.
Hey, Hammer.
And just the way they say it, you know?
It moves me.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello, for these days, they don't take much.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Neil, yes, sir.
First time caller for every listener,
driving back from Miami to Orlando.
And little, thank you very much.
We got the answer.
Ed little.
Oh, I feel so much better.
Thank you.
You touched on something that struck a nerve with me.
You cannot fan Barbara Wawa.
Oh, well, like, he got a back seat.
What was that?
You must have naked pictures somewhere.
You gave her that job.
Veets you a lot of me.
Maybe I'll let you add a little donut.
Here's another one for you.
Yeah.
And thank God he's off Monday night.
But now he's back.
I think I'm one or the other.
I'll get onto you.
Yeah.
Dan Deer door.
Well, you can knock Dan Deer door.
But I guarantee you sure a lot better than that.
Goofball, they got on Monday nights now.
I don't know.
He's a pretty bad list.
Is he a list?
Oh, Dan Deer door.
Oh, he's got their play with some real savvy.
And the play is just a privilege.
He's no boomer, though.
I'll tell you that.
The boomer is a bomber.
He's bad.
He'd be real bad.
Can't hack the boomer.
The boomer is terrible.
I don't know.
I like the boomer better than the boomer.
You like the boomer?
I like the boomer better than Deer door.
I like when the boomer goes.
Yeah.
That's my favorite.
Hey, did you see last night on the shot of a boomer
and al-micos sitting next to each other?
Al-micos chairs.
I don't know.
Are you 12 inches?
Are you assuming that I watched that game last night?
Am I that desperate?
I will watch the 49ers and the Falcones.
I can only stay conscious through the first half.
No, I was watching the Maple Leafs and the Acerbers.
But of course.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, Neil, had a great New Year
and I hope you had a good quanta.
Okay.
All right.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
No.
5670560.
Ed Little, there's the name God bless.
Did somebody call that in?
I'm sure because I'm sure that we knew that.
Somebody called that in.
Thank you so much.
Ed Little was obsessed with Larry King.
I think he liked the suspenders.
And he's the one that got him out of IOD
and put him on the mutual air overnight.
And then of course, history tells the rest.
He had naked pictures of Ted Turner
with a billy goat, something like that.
And there he is sucking serious ass night after night
making millions and millions of dollars
known by world leaders and celebrities from Costa Rica.
It's a scary, really.
1256 at 560WQM.
Thank you, Ed Little.
My heavy, boy, daughter, damn.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo Ford.
Hi.
How are you?
Good.
John Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies for inside.
My life ain't going great.
Plenty of Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was in 85 late.
Rambo 3 was in 88.
Shooin' and Shooin' and Shooin' and my gun.
I did not make this movie with my son.
In the end of the stage, he was in Rocky 5 and daylight
in tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I gotta get him home from the Apollo Creed.
I gotta have him love and movie.
Or Broadway show like Jenna Hien.
I guess nobody ever spoke up to him.
It was still good.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left in Jennifer's way, then.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 in 5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it zip.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure and drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a lot of it.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on Oprah and now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing to the kids.
Basically I'm a lot of boy, Gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I need.
I gotta get him home from Apollo Creed.
I gotta have him love and movie.
Or Broadway show like Jenna Hien.
I guess nobody ever spoke up to him.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left in Jennifer's way.
That's why I'm ready to gentlemen.
I need to make Rambo 4 in 5.
Here, Apollo.
Absolutely.
One o'clock at 5.60 W Q AM.
It's our big one to two hour.
5.60 7.05 60 pound 5.60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Have you smoked any cigarettes in the past week in 1949?
44% of the American public said yes.
They said yes.
In 1999 only 23% said yes.
How do you like that?
Has drinking ever been a cause of trouble in your family 1947?
15% said yes.
In 1999 36% said yes.
Yes.
Yes.
How do you like that?
What female should and shouldn't do?
Do you approve of a married woman holding a job in business or industry if her husband is able to support her?
1938 only 22% said yes.
In 1997 80% said yes.
Now wait till you hear this one.
This is cute.
This is shocking.
1950.
Just prior to Ozzy and Harriet 1950.
Do you think it's all right for a girl to telephone a boy to ask for a date?
In 1950 29% said yes.
62% said no.
And 9% said no opinion.
I always love these polls where there are people that don't opinion.
There's always like a two or three percent of the public that no matter what you ask them their answer is...
I don't know.
Like Monica last night.
I don't know.
Only 29% in 1950 said it was okay for a girl to telephone a boy to ask for a date in 1999.
70% said yes.
Especially if she puts out and 28% said no.
How do you like that?
A lot.
I bet.
5667 05 60, 05 60 on the AT&T line.
Don't forget we got Hank and then we got Hank with Rob Conrad and Ed Conrad and Charles Conrad and Boog Shambi at 6 o'clock.
The big sugar bowl tonight.
FSU and Virginia Tech.
National Championship game.
Are you going to be watching that?
No.
You're going to be watching that?
No.
What?
Exactly.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hello.
I saw something on our 60 minutes last week or two weeks ago.
That was kind of interesting.
It's a nuns opened up a convent and they realized that they could make money by charging people for prayer.
In other words, you send them a check and they put you on their list and they will pray for you.
Excellent.
I saw a little bit of that.
I'd like to one the one that you said.
I'm actually a lesbian.
That's what that's going to be.
Well, they're bringing in all kinds of cash and I was thinking, Neil.
You know, you're a benevolent guy and you seem to pray for your listeners or the drop of the hat.
Maybe you could charge a nominal fee for the prayer.
Ten bucks, I'll pray for you.
Yeah, appreciate it, man.
That's all I got.
Or maybe 50.
Don't be sick to go.
Thank you sir.
5.6.7, we got 400 open lines that we've been doing pretty damn good here the first three hours today.
They wanted to show back.
We gave it to you.
Fantastic.
It was spectacular.
But I got this six feeling and a bit of my stomach.
I'm not talking about the stomach flu.
5.6.7, 05.60, 05.5.60 on the AT&T line and that world famous line for the West Coast and for Palm Beach and for all the rest of the world.
Where we had that jackass ripen room earlier today.
From Baltimore, 877.
Oh, he didn't make a couple of good points.
877, 785, Neil.
877, 785, 6345.
We're waiting on you.
Pretty weak.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Hello.
Yeah, speaking.
Do you see the Michigan State article in the sports space?
Yeah, I read it.
Okay.
I don't cover up for gangster athletes.
Whether they're Michigan State or Dolphins, whoever they are, I don't cover up for them.
I'm singing it out, but I missed it.
Come back and talk to them about it.
Exactly.
I didn't always worry about your helmet, man.
That's a good lesson for you.
All right.
See you.
Thank you.
Always there running the helmet's Zach Arise.
Who was that on the bat line, by the way?
Was that somebody important to somebody I should know about?
No.
It was Orlando.
Orlando, Alseguiri?
Yes.
I thought maybe you met Orlando.
Yeah, it was him.
I think Orlando, we looked with the Philadelphia Bug Man, that Orlando.
Yes, that Orlando said he wanted to alert me to a new drop that we had that I forgot to tell
you about, which is his name.
I think it's Joe name.
Same, same.
One more.
Let me see.
What do you say?
Send over.
Let me see.
Send over.
Let me see.
Welcome.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Welcome.
Always worried about that, Joe Willey.
Oh, yeah.
Playboy and Diggin Mary.
You got Maryway's what?
72, something like that?
Always worried about those guys.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the mobile and pepper pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
You're blowing up in 2000.
What is it?
You're the man.
You're popular.
Nobody wants that in a minute, but everybody's listening to you.
I'm blowing up in 2000.
Yes, you are.
I'm the bomb.
Yeah, hey, Neil, listen.
I maybe that's what I got in my pupa, because a little bomb.
I feel like it.
Yes, sir.
I do.
I feel like I have a big bomb in here.
But anyway.
Listen, that just came out of my house.
And I'm driving down pine's Boulevard.
And guess who's there with the radar gun?
186th Avenue in Pine's Boulevard.
Where's the gaki?
No.
What's your name?
I sure hope not.
No, that's probably with Joe Rolden and Sightband.
Where the hell is Joe Rose, by the way?
Is he on the case of something?
I don't know.
I think his wife is delivering today.
She's delivering what?
Pieces?
Here must be.
Oh, don't please don't tell me that he's reproducing.
Please don't tell me that.
Not anymore.
I don't know.
Maybe he's driving Cecil Collins who will leave the end of it.
There you go.
Maybe he's on a little crack for him.
Yeah.
I just want to let you list his no-no.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
Thank God.
God bless you.
Okay.
I'll pray for you for 10 cents.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's finish this poll here today.
The question is yes or no.
And no, and also no opinion.
I just love those polls.
Every no matter what it is, you like Gore, you like Bradley.
Well, 82% said they like this one, 14 to that,
and the four other percent said, I don't know.
Who are they?
There was one of them on here that just was shocking.
I guess it won't have time to find it today.
But one of these, the year end things with all these
interesting, and they are pretty interesting.
You have a gun in your home?
No, this is kind of staggering.
In 1959, 49% of people said,
they had a gun in their home.
In 1999, only 34% said, how do you like that?
So as far as having it in the home,
not as many people do, they just have it in the car
and on their car seat and outside on the curb.
The store comes in handy.
And we get access to it real fast.
Here's Poppano Beach.
Hello.
Yes.
I've got a couple of questions for you.
I'm not sure.
Number one is regard to the business between Daddy Marrito and Jeff.
5670550, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a year, a lady in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, God.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
Yesterday at the beginning of the show,
you were mentioning people who passed away recently.
Right.
You left out somebody.
Who's that?
Does the name Ed Bryce mean anything to you?
Ed Bryce died?
Bill Bauer, yes.
Who is it?
Bill Bauer, guiding light.
Bill Bauer?
Yes.
The original Bill Bauer?
Yeah, the drunk.
The drunk.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Oh, and by the way, do you know speaking of guiding light,
do you realize that I could be wrong?
Maybe last year the same, but I think not.
This was the first Christmas season that they didn't have like the reunion
with Mike Bauer and all those people back with Don Stewart.
I see Don Stewart doing those commercials all the time, but they...
They like and serve.
Right.
But they didn't bring all the people back with them.
They didn't bring anybody back with them.
No, they were too busy letting Danny sleep with Michelle.
And that happens all the time in real life, doesn't it?
They let you go to the slimer for 14 hours to go and shack up with your husband,
and then they stick you back into your thing.
I'm having a real hard time with guiding light, wait, wait.
Yeah, especially this Riva business, you know.
She, oh god, almighty, this poor prince will make up your mind over it.
I'm so sorry.
Yes, the no one.
Mr. Bauer?
Oh my god.
That's terrible.
I think everybody from San Cristobal to Springfield.
And now, Vanessa, the question is, is Vanessa going to make her 85th comeback?
Oh my god.
She's got more lives than they ever ready.
Cat this bitch.
Carmen's going to ask us.
Yeah.
And it looks like it.
And look at that scene in Godfather.
Remember when he went in a hospital with a pillow?
That's what this reminds me of.
She's going in there with a pillow pretty soon.
Right.
A little pillow talk from Carmen.
It's too funny.
It's unreal.
That show hasn't been good for about two years.
And I still can't turn it on.
Where did Billy disappear, too?
Probably with Papa Bauer and Billy.
No, no, Billy with the list.
Ah, the little beller.
I thought you were going to go Billy.
Young Billy, who was...
And you notice how the kids on this show, one day they're like 12 and the next day they're 20.
Like Moira, is that her name?
A Rebus daughter?
Yeah.
She was like 12 years old and now all of a sudden she's this voluptuous 20-year-old.
She's supposed to be 19 on this show.
Thomas, don't agree, Mom.
Yeah, it's amazing.
I know.
But hang in there.
Should we go visit Michelle?
Yeah, let's go.
Let's go break her out of there.
I want to see now.
Georgia's good on the pick and lock.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Let's go break Michelle out of jail.
What do you say?
Oh, we don't know.
We know who'd done it.
We know Vanessa Fire today.
A final shot was by accident.
We know Carmen done it.
That mafia bitch.
That's Puerto Rican mafia bitch.
We should like that.
Their name is Santos, but it's not Italian.
That's Puerto Rican mafia in Springfield.
Uh-oh.
Okay, look at this phone.
What is going on here?
We're going to go through this again today.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, just when I thought we had it licked.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 8 million open lines now all of a sudden.
Just when we get to the good stuff,
when we get a guiding light lead,
we call in with the important good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line
and the out of town line,
which is pretty evacant today.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
God.
Just when you think they finally are making a little bit of a comeback.
That's it.
So I say 10 after one at 5, 60, WDQA.
I say that.
The sports leader sports radio 5, 60, QAM.
Decriminalized pot in Florida.
All right.
There's no trees all light behind the car.
Go down the block, the houses are darker.
We are vision.
We will Christian on this phone.
This is our children.
8, 9, we light light.
When the center be committed and light.
All we can do light is abandonment of Benchikris.
This is not so rough.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
All right.
Come and know the boy.
All we can do light is abandonment of Benchikris.
This is not so rough.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Hi, come and know the boy.
It's too hard for us to go shopping.
We don't know when, how, nothing is happening.
What is that date?
Are we too late?
You can all my tears and go.
Now come on.
What are we supposed to do?
Do you think it's easy to get gifts when we only pay wholesale?
All we get to light is abandonment of Benchikris.
This is not so rough.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Hi, come and know the boy.
All we get to light is abandonment of Benchikris.
This is not so rough.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Hi, come and know the boy.
114 at 5.50 WQIM.
Here's another one of the interesting questions which is really revealing to me.
This answers a lot of questions that I always wonder.
This is a USA Today.
This is not in Europe or someplace where they bathe less frequently, like in France.
About how often do you take a bath or shower in the winter?
In 1950, yeah, like it makes a difference.
In the winter.
In the summer, it's hot and you sweat a lot.
In the winter, you can wear the same clothes for a week or two.
1950, once a week, 17%.
1999, 1%.
1%.
One out of every 100 people.
That's the one.
Yeah.
That's the one.
The one that I get behind in the Czechoslovakia supermarket.
That's my luck.
The one out of the 100 fades once a week.
Twice a week.
In 1950, 21% had their bathed or shower twice a week in this country.
2% this year, 99%.
Several times a week.
Let's hear it now.
It's getting a little bit better.
25% in 1950.
In 1999, 18% of the people bathed or shower several times a week.
Which is more than two.
Oh my God.
At least once a day, in 1950, 29%, in 1999, 75%.
And here's other or no opinion.
How can you have no opinion?
How can you have no opinion?
In 1958, 8% had no opinion.
In 1999, 4%.
We're still so stupid that the rancher was...
I don't know what the question was.
They had no opinion.
How can you have no opinion?
Or you just to embarrass to admit you can't remember the last time you took a bath or a shower?
And by the way, I just want to say this.
People who take a bath, they're sitting in their own filth.
Am I right about that?
When you take a bath, you're sitting in your own schmutz.
Baths are like yucky.
That's what I'm saying.
Unless I mean, there are some people like out on the farm, out in the countryside.
There are people who don't have showers, old, old places that have only bathtubs.
And what you do is you're sitting there in your schmutz.
And then when it rains, it's like a cling on.
That's right.
It cleans your pussy, cleans your...
Breakfast!
All over you.
Not that I want you to feel grubbed or something.
I'll go take a goddamn shower.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
It's going to be the music hour this hour.
Boy, this is weak.
Here's the South Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, okay, like I said, music hour.
Here's the Hollywood and mobile.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I shower once a week.
Good for you.
Hey, listen, Neil.
I'm thank God somebody brought up the cease of college thing.
I knew when Hank, that opology said that it was all the guys banging.
It was no big deal.
I knew it was full of it and they finally brought it out.
I mean, why would you...
If the guy didn't have a prior record for doing the same thing,
then I could understand you give him the benefit of the doubt
and you try to get all sides of the story.
What kind of a side is it that he saw cracking a window
that he'd been trying to come out of this broad before his apartment complex?
And because he saw cracking a window, he was a little bit blitzed 530 in the morning.
He decided to like to make his way in there?
Yeah, I mean, what you doing out 5 o'clock in the morning in the first place?
Getting plastered.
Yeah, right.
Oh, and by the way, Hank also had this thing about the cops in Miami
with the prostitution ring.
It wasn't a prostitution ring.
Hank broke the story that was a youth management organization.
Oh, yeah.
They're just trying to get the kids at date counties.
They're 5 minutes per morning.
Okay, thanks very much.
It was there.
A little on the job training.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
toll-free line, 8 7 7 7 7 7 8 5 Niel.
8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45.
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I was calling about Michael Feinstein, the NPR sports writer.
Michael Feinstein?
Michael Feinstein.
And he's predicting that this year there will be the biggest investigation into college sports,
and how these football players, basketball players are getting hired and getting passed through college.
All right.
50% of all of these.
Better late than never, man.
I'll tell you, I went to school in the early 60s to Michigan State, and we had a whole dormitory.
I was in East Chau Hall at MSU, and in West Chau, which was connected, that's where all the
jocks were.
And most of those kids never could bought a textbook.
It was just a joke among everybody in the dorm that all those kids were just there, got
a free pass.
Why don't we stop the hypocrisy?
Why don't we have like separate places, send all the jocks, pay them money, and stop taking
up spaces that intelligent people could be using again in education.
Exactly.
I agree with you.
And all these jocks nippers that we got like a people on this radio station always covering
up this crap.
Every time there's a major scandal, they cover it up.
They won't talk about it.
What the hell is wrong with these people?
That's right.
Never better to come back.
They didn't like it.
50% of all college athletes graduate from college.
And the rest of them go into basketball weaving, right?
Exactly.
And windsurfing.
Okay.
Thanks, pal.
Thank you.
God bless him.
About time we started uncovering this crap.
Stop the hypocrisy.
If you want any professional or whatever you want to call him, fine.
Pay him.
Do what it is supposed to be.
Instead of all this crap under the sub-rosa garbage that goes on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5 on the world famous that I worked my ass off to get that line
nine.
Worked like a maniac out of these cheap bastards.
Got it in here.
It's the worst line of all.
If I recall before the three weeks that we went phone lists on this show, that line is
useless.
As useless as teeth on a goddamn ballpoint pen.
Same jackass.
The same one that was locked in that motel.
Thanks for listening by the way to Neil Rogers show on 560 WDQAM.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the mobile at home state.
Hello.
Hey Neil, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, I just did a quick thing for you.
Have you ever seen Gary King and Mr. Burns from the Simpsons and together in the same
room?
I don't want to listen.
Oh, you never heard of him.
He's a harnsback.
I doubt it.
What's that?
I said the probably the same person.
Oh, that's what I say, too.
All right, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good material.
Like I said, this audience is out of material.
I have to do it up any week yesterday.
And then again, I've made about three hours today.
Doesn't vote too good for Wednesday, Thursday or Friday.
Oh, no.
Sure doesn't.
Sure doesn't.
After three weeks of bringing broadcasting here, doing it on my own, which I got a lot
of practice.
And then all of a sudden, when you count on these people, nothing.
Stumber three hours, though.
I'll give that to you.
Pretty good three hours.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Yeah, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I've got 95 now.
Just got me out.
Okay, good.
Good luck, you pal.
I think we know why.
And what does that say?
Mobile in Miami-1?
I don't know.
I know what's going on with this thing.
Miami Springs.
Here's a mobile in Miami Springs.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
We've been doing pretty damn good today, sir.
But now again, it's this.
See, this is the thing when you start with a phone call.
And I'll make up my mind in a few days on this crack.
It's getting to the final stretch, I think.
Yeah, it really is bad.
I haven't been listening all day.
I just got the call early off.
And it was, I was asking, I'm sure this is the first thing you've seen.
You're calling back, pal.
Your phone's screwed up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Last call for phone calls, then I'll move it on to music.
And just relax here, let my stomach sit a little bit and feel much better.
Life has moved on.
We've got to hang come up at two o'clock from Cool City.
But these people are out of material.
And at line nine, listen to this tone.
Oh, listen to those soul cathodes at line nine.
Our worldwide line, our contact to the entire universe.
But I was so psychotic in the beginning when it was only a Florida line.
And people were in only parts of Florida.
And people were bitching and belly aching and carrying on.
And we can't call you.
And we can't talk to you.
And there it is sitting there all lonely all by itself.
And now all of a sudden I'm starting to feel real demeaned again.
I feel like I'm abusing myself by doing this.
Here's a mobile in Perine.
Hello.
And me, how are you doing, buddy?
OK, sir.
Listen, what do you think of the double-chair?
I don't.
I don't call a sports show.
OK, call a sports show.
Let me say it again.
This isn't a sports show.
Got it?
You understand that, sir?
Can you comprehend that?
Can somebody draw you a diaphragm?
No.
Isn't a goddamn stupid-ass sports show?
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
I don't think of the dolphin.
In fact, I do think of the dolphin.
They stink.
They're a mediocre of many, many mediocre teams in the NFL.
It sucks.
They stink.
And anybody who's honest, even a little tiny bit,
will tell you that they got a real piss-ass poor crappy team.
OK, they got no running game.
They got defense folds up like an accordion in the big game.
They stink the joint out.
Does that answer your question, sir?
Oh, good.
God bless you.
I'll pray for you.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy New Year.
Same to you, sir.
Hello, LRS.
Great.
I got to agree with you.
The Panther schedule is really pathetic.
Try these five or six days.
Right from the beginning.
And then who do we play in the next home game?
The Islanders.
Boy, that's a big matchup.
What even like you do, not knowing what the season
to bring before even make the schedule?
I mean, even if you're on a momentum,
you've got a six-day weight of being off.
It's pathetic.
Awful.
So what does that mean?
That little eat commission of Barry Getman,
Gary Bettman, whatever.
What a jackass.
Hey, you know, I know rimmers for the fans.
Yeah.
I know rimmers are buddy, but that shows Sunday night
is pretty pathetic.
Yeah, I never heard that.
That's my bedtime.
I'm not going to stay there.
I know, but first of all, I have insomnia.
And, you know, I'll put you to sleep.
That doesn't work, but there you go.
I'm him and John Davidson.
It's like, you know, oh, man, if you can watch
paint dry, there it is.
Yeah.
And one other thing, these people falling up.
This game Sunday is like the toilet bowl, both teams suck.
I mean, if anybody should be honest, if the GIFs...
OK, have a great day, sir.
Like I said, not interested.
Not interested in the jets and the dolphins
and Seattle and any of that crap.
Don't care.
Not interested.
It's not a sports show.
I know that coming in is great shot to you.
And I'll watch some of it or all of it depending
on how bad and how boring and weak it's going to be,
which it probably will be.
But I have no stomach for it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And like I said, as Zidia Thompson's
I worked on this radio station.
I never in my wildest dreams imagined
that there were this many people who's entire lives
revolve around such a pile of bullshmit.
I just can't believe it.
Just morning, noon and night.
That's all they think about.
That's all they talk about.
That's all they know about.
And what's going to happen, by the way,
in a couple of weeks when they finally finished
with a playoffs and they finished the stupid bowl,
what's going to happen then for the next several months?
What are you going to be talking about then?
What are they going to do on this station?
And like they're going to do the Marlin?
Anybody care about the God, the Marlin?
Or the freaking heat with that new arena
that wasn't even full on its opening night?
That's got a low's problem.
Which by the way, it's nice to see
that the new Mickey Mouse arena has got a drive through.
You see that?
Somebody drove a van right up on a goddamn steps.
Nice security there in the new arena.
Oh!
Lovely.
On this guy on the line nine, I'm not talking to him.
That's a chronic.
Isn't that a chronic from Sunnyvale, California?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you?
Aren't you chronic?
No.
How did you call me before?
I called before.
Did I hang up on you last time
because you were making some assing on comment?
Absolutely.
OK.
Yes it was.
Here's a four-letteredale.
Hello?
Yeah, you need a good morning.
Yes sir.
Good afternoon.
Hey, it's just a diareder rumor.
I hope you can tell me it's not true
that I'll go all-stained dot?
No, he did not.
Oh, that's good.
OK, that's all I wanted to ask.
OK, there you go.
Oh, these calls, these are spectacular, man.
I'm getting pain in my sphincter from these calls.
I heard a rumor that Al Goldstein was fat.
Bleh!
Bleh!
Did you hear that?
That's what I heard.
I heard a rumor that Al Goldstein
weighed 622 pounds, that's true.
Uh-huh.
56670560, pound 560.
What do you think about the dolphins?
What about the Jacksonville coast?
And what about the that part shows?
And what about that Cecil Collins, huh?
What about that poor woman who had her reputation smeared
by assholes talking out of their ass
about how she was screwing other guys on the team.
And she had a relationship with him and Yada Yada.
And now all of a sudden, he comes to the yesterday
and says, oh, while I lied, I had no relationship
and I'm guilty and I didn't break in the thing
and all that other stuff, huh?
How about that?
That all you sports liquors don't want to talk about
because you don't want to face the fact
you deal with a bunch of scumbags
because it makes you feel unclean
and then maybe you will take a bath
through a shower this week, at least once,
which would be a big improvement for some of you.
In fact, maybe they can go down to the goddamn
to the P.P. Park right up the street here
and go into showers and do it with madness.
Yeah!
Huh?
They'll surely have to take a shower like a real man.
In fact, Tom Brady, you know, Michigan,
the famous for all these comebacks they made
last year in the bowl game, this year Penn State,
there's so many big games that they came from behind
and this gaming at the Alabama,
the Orange Bowl the other night, and Tom Brady said,
he likes to bet her from behind.
That's what he said.
Brackum!
Kind of excited me.
26 after one at 560 WQF.
Beware of exploding balls.
Gimme and Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
And it's my understanding that one of you felt
as said, Danny and Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny?
Was it yo...
named somebody in this room said, Jimmy .
And it was Danny and Danny.
It was Wainie voice over here, man.
But that's wrong.
Jimmy and Danny?
Jimmy and Danny.
You gotta say Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Chuck, Show and Get them Did it?
You gotta say Jim and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny got over the kid.
Jimmy and Danny have shot Jimmy and Danny.
You just spread it y'allsmile over what you like.
We're starting up with Jimmy and Danny to hurt it.
and Danny, everybody come down.
What we're going to do now is we're going to set out a program director on fire and
offer him up a sacrifice to the God of sports.
Come down.
We're going to be all right.
We're doing it for the second time.
All right.
Enjoy!
I'm not gonna talk about it.
Look what I got to do with Jimmy and Danny!
Well, that's Jimmy and Danny.
That's right.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny of Damien.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny have university mitties
and these art guys and paper chips and incredibly fast judge.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny, Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
and dead, any and Jimmy.
And 134-560-WQM-560-705-60-Pong-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And then out of town line, it's dead.
877-785-6345.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going? Is it real?
Okay.
Hey, Nissen, is it real?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Let me say it again. Okay.
Okay, I want to wish you a happy New Millennium, first of all.
Uh-huh.
Second one. I'd like to make a shameless quest.
A shameless quest?
Yeah. No.
566-705-60, Pong-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You see, we're back at it again. Any more shameless requests? No.
No. Do it by facts, okay? Facts as you request, and I'll ponder with boring on a year. It's terminal.
You had nothing to say, pal. You had no material.
So take back the happy millennium.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Fort Lauderdale. Hi.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Good.
Happy day.
Uh-huh. Good day.
I'm just heading back to the immigrant.
Yes.
The immigrant situation.
Uh-huh. We should stop bringing people in until we get rid of all the illegal aliens,
and then start bringing people in.
Uh-huh.
What would I do?
Okay.
I'll pass it along.
Okay.
You're what he said, anybody?
No.
Oh, he was a little quiet. Why was he pushed?
566-705-60, Pong-5.
If we don't get a call from Fort Myers by 2 o'clock, I'm going to have Grig-Read pull that line out.
I'm going to get bluff on it, him and Grig get their heads together, and yank that line right out.
Physically, I'm not talking about calling the phone company.
I'm talking about calling right into the guy in the phone room, and when it got yank it right out.
And the phone line too.
That's how disgusted I am with that worldwide line.
It's supposed to be our contact with the whole goddamn universe, and there's nobody in this goddamn state that's got anything to say about the very important things that we're discussing today.
Oh.
For example, Charles Schultz, the creator of the cartoon strip peanuts, ran their last nuke of cartoon yesterday.
This was our topic today if you tune in late.
Wasn't it?
No.
Well, it is now.
Charles, goddamn Schultz.
No more peanuts.
No more liners with a security blanket.
No more, what's your name?
Goddamn it.
What is your name?
Lucy?
I forgot.
In the sky with...
Here we go.
...cady that died.
877-785-6345.
No more snoopy.
Look at this.
Stay know from nothing over there on the West Coast.
I think it's time we got off of that damn thing.
Let's get meaty pressed.
I'll get it.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, how did I know?
How did I know?
That it wasn't going to be like a real collar for the West Coast.
Did I know?
No.
I knew it.
I could smell it.
877-785-6345.
That line's going down, man.
It's going down.
And wait until you hear the last show that I do in four mires, too, by the way.
Wait until you hear this.
Because they're not on the way.
Here's the four mires.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Are you in four mires, really?
Or is this the...
I'm in four mires for real.
Okay. Well, you're the one that saved this line, man.
Pretty weak. I'm embarrassed for those people.
The problem is over in four mires that I'm driving and talking.
We got so many old flipping packets over here driving these roads.
Do you have to see that people hung around with this freaking town?
Do you have to concentrate and drive and it takes about to concentrate and talk to you at the same time?
Well, you do have some dedicated lifters over here.
Well, where the hell are they?
They're all laid out today or they are.
What is the story?
What's their problem?
Don't they have any material?
We have no material here.
We just like listening to the East Coast drive flat on the Q-band.
And all that good stuff that goes over on your neck or the wood.
Okay, great. Better West than you, right?
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
Did he say, freaking up for a rack-fricken frack?
I think that was the M-S and so the call, freaking frack and flick and the balschmit.
Okay, that's enough on that line.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
22-2, we got hanged from Cool City at 2.
This is 5-60, QAM.
It seems our once a year sale prices are so low,
some people are buying the whole years worth of clothing.
You're a child.
My name is Stan Bean.
I just wanted to tell you last week for your men's sale,
I purchased a suit, horse-port coats, five pairs of slacks.
I got about 5 or 6 shirts, a pair of shoes, those sweaters.
And I was really, really pleased with the service,
the quality of all the merchandise.
And I just wanted to call you and say,
thanks a lot.
You got a great company and I will do all my shopping for men's clothes
that you're sort of now on.
I'll see you soon.
Bye-bye.
Once a year and only once a year, the men's warehouse has a sale,
which means right now you'll save an additional 20 to 40% off
a wide variety of selected suits, slacks, shirts, ties, shoes, and sportswear.
After all, it takes the men's warehouse sale to beat a men's warehouse price.
You're going to like the way you look.
I guarantee it.
I'm George Zimmer, founder of the men's warehouse.
The men's warehouse, 11 South Florida stores.
For the store nearest you, call 1-800-776-SUIT, the men's warehouse.
Spirit Airlines presents an airfare to remember.
Now fly from only $68 each wide to your favorite destination,
like the Big Apple, Tuesday's Libuardian, Newark for Long Island Island Isola.
Your choice, they're all priced from just $68.
Plus, you'll love our fairs to Detroit or Atlantic City,
but keep waiting for Philadelphia.
Either destination, now priced from only $68.
Fairs are each way based on availability and certain restrictions apply.
Fairs do not include up to a $2.50 cents federal tax tax for each life segment.
And don't forget, Spirit Airlines gift certificates make the perfect gift for any occasion.
Call your travel agent or Spirit Airlines today at 1-800-7727-117.
That's 1-800-7727-117.
And now you can book online at www.spiridaire.com.
With fairs from only $68, we guarantee it'll be loved at first flight.
Just a spirit, a spirit airline.
But national championship is a QAA tonight.
The Florida State Seventals take on Virginia Tech.
Oh my god.
Regays starts at 730 here on your football superstition.
Sports radio 560, QAA.
Playoff, sir.
Playoff, miss.
Oh!
Cut it away quite liberally when I was circumcised.
Somehow I grew back on the amazingly old and nice.
My foreskin's back after hanging like a fruit fly.
One day, one day, my foreskin, I hung like a moose.
Everything's fine.
More than, more than, my goodness back.
I'm forgetting cutaway shorts.
Now I'm hung like a resource, men are angry.
Rabbi, cut me down the side.
How old?
How old?
I'm a big man now that I grew back on the nice.
Oh, it's the PC.
My foreskin's back with a moil, cosy trouble.
More than, more than, my foreskin, I hung like a moil.
How old?
Big and fast to size has almost doubled.
More than, more than, my foreskin's back.
Yeah, my foreskin's back now.
My foreskin's back now.
I'm getting a milking burrow now.
My foreskin's back.
My foreskin's back and now I'm a fissure red.
I'm looking like a male of the trunks now.
I'll tell you one first that's real excited about those quichos coming back.
I'm going to poke a bribe.
Oh, yeah, he's on it.
He's in it.
He just came in for like a second and drop off his new stuff.
And he said, I got to go back and see all the quichos.
So I want to miss anything on a game show network.
Oh, yeah, we got Dick Clark.
They're bringing back all the old dicks from the game shows.
We got more of a puppet gun there.
Anything that rhymes with Dick puppet.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the mobile in tempered pine.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Yeah, hey, I was the one that I called you yesterday.
You know, to call me an asshole and hang up on me.
About what?
I don't remember.
It was, uh, was it take to be a good caller?
Yeah.
Listen, uh, hey, we're playing patient acres on North-West 180th Ave in 20th court.
Uh-huh.
We got some cable guys out here working for you.
Working for me.
What?
Doing what?
So they're like, hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Listen, uh, what does that mean?
They were working for me.
Doing what?
I guess I'm, hopefully.
Yeah, hopefully.
Listen, um, I wanted to tell you something.
Okay, well listen, when you figure out what it is, call us back someday.
Five, six down.
I can't imagine why I called him a bad caller yesterday, can you?
Uh-huh.
Here's, uh, you're doing four Myers on me again.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I just wanted to let you know that there is somebody in Fort Myers who is listening.
Yeah, I shouldn't really pick on four Myers because when you got date and
Broward with four million people, when I'm dying this last hour today, why should I pick on four Myers with you 85 people who listen over there?
It's unfair.
But I'll do it anyway.
Okay.
Okay.
That's all I got.
Okay, I have a great day, sir.
That's all he's got.
Okay, and goodbye.
Bye.
Did he really say, okay?
Oh, geez.
I wish he wouldn't have done that.
I get, oh, my stinger starts getting real itchy.
When I hear people say, okay.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the 18.
Let's take Tampa and hope it's not about Bob Lanciter.
Hello?
Yeah, how you doing, God?
Okay, sir.
This is Luke himself, Tampa.
I can get you in a clear day.
I'm not.
Did you hear about the crazy Cuban that went nuts last week at the Resonale Title of Tampa?
Yes, I did.
He had a green card.
He was supposed to be here.
I think it's six months.
The screen card was up in the year 2000.
Uh-huh.
He didn't like the way that the other workers were handing out towels in the rooms.
They didn't like the way.
I'm sorry.
They liked the way he was doing it.
We're home.
Got guns.
Came back at lunch and uh-
We're nuts in the hotel.
Yeah.
I read about it.
And that Steinbrunner, that-
That was Steinbrunner's hotel and his headquarters is right down the hall.
Beauty.
Do you murk in the way, man?
Yeah, I know, buddy.
It's this guy, I totally agree with what you're saying.
We gotta get this uh-
situation under control.
When in doubt locked that door.
Anyways, uh, the bruv suck.
I'm a big Panther fan up here all the way.
And uh-
Can't wait to hear how I play.
I got- uh, I got him on satellite TV.
Thanks, well, okay, pal.
Have a great day.
You too, buddy.
See ya.
See ya.
How do our friend, uh-uh, who used to be on the air up there?
5-6705-60, pound 5-60.
That was great.
That was a Tampa call.
We actually had something to say.
And I wasn't talking about-
Uh-uh.
Global and about radio inside radio crap.
Oh, man.
There is nothing more ponderous than the radio groupies, which most of them we've got in
Ritter, thank god.
You know what I'm talking about?
The radio groupies like Mr. Radio and all those other people that sit around on the internet
with those chat rooms and talk crap back and forth.
Oh my freaking god.
Those people- those people in the sports nerds, that's a match made in heaven.
Perfect match.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear the time like us was abruptly and quietly kicked off of
the lens radio by the female GM?
He's been hitting women pretty hard.
Yeah.
He just disappeared.
No, he disappeared.
He had nothing to do with it.
He disappeared because he had no numbers because he had no audience.
But of course, if that's the criterion, then everybody should disappear off this station.
But nobody's got any numbers.
Yes, big numbers.
Yeah, he's got big numbers already.
Of course, it's chest.
Big numbers, by.
Okay.
He's got big numbers.
Five, six, seven, if you hear him, he's got gigantic numbers.
Just like when he was down here, remember those days?
Yeah, he had a big number in his head.
He had big numbers on his license plate when he was driving off in the middle of the night
to Phoenix, Arizona.
The bail is asked out of here after I had a seven point.
We had a three point one.
When he came back to life, when he came back to the reality of the situation, the fact
that he's a no-talent slob with a stupid leather jacket.
Here's the lady, Movelin Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, a couple of weeks ago, you played a song called Blue.
And I thought you said that some of the program directors were gutless,
but they didn't want to play it, right?
They finally got around to it.
You know, better late than never.
I just heard it on an FM station.
Right.
And it was great.
It is great. They've been playing in £20.96.
It's been number one in like 155 countries already.
And finally, these constipated people get around to it here.
Well, I hope you get around to not getting any more callers, because I think they're stupid.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, bye.
See you.
In fact, I fall 65.
The new one, which I played a couple of weeks ago.
I played the new single.
What is it called?
George?
I don't know, was that an invocation?
It's called Move Your Body.
I'll turn it a little bit.
What do you think I can watch it?
Get out of here with that crap.
What is that?
I'm garbage. Are you playing that?
That's George playing garbage, by the way.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
What is that?
All the hits all the time.
I'm 56.
Horse craft, horse neck radio.
Get out of here with that guy.
Get out of here with that guy.
He's out.
Okay, that's just a little preview.
Okay, go out and find a guy, Damail, my iPhone 65.
They're great.
They're from Italy, by the way.
I just thought I'd mention that in passing.
Did you know that?
Good.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Evan Chura.
Hello.
Is that a time meal?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm calling about peanuts with comic strip.
I mean, who cares that it's finished, you know?
I don't.
I mean, it's...
It's stopping you funny when it was nine years old.
Right, that's right.
That's absolutely correct.
It's for a little kids.
You know who are into a little dog, a little goofy dog,
which I like dogs, but I don't like peanuts.
I mean, the only comic strip that's even worse than that is finally circus.
Yeah.
And I was like, come on.
Oh, George is puking his guts out.
Yeah, it's good rid of that.
Yeah, I don't need a comic page.
I'd rather have something more interesting like naked people on that page, something I'd look at.
It's about the best thing you can read in the hairl.
That's true.
Good point.
At least they get the right ones in there most of the time.
Have a great day, pal.
That's it.
Take good bye to Charlie Shulz.
Bye-bye, Charlie.
Good luck to you, sweetheart.
Bye-bye, Charlie Shulz.
Bye-bye, Linus.
Bye-bye, old peanuts.
There's one for Bokobryon.
Good bye, Charlie Shulz.
Huh?
You'll come up with something stupid on that.
There's a whole lot of good bye ones.
Have a good bye, Tom.
Like this.
Yeah.
A whole lot of people that are vanishing from the scene.
And of course, don't forget.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, babbling brook.
Yeah.
Oh, she's going off to have her 100-pack operation.
And I hear Lizzie just wild about that show.
Oh, man, you got the biggest bunch.
I want to say this, Toronto Wolf, people, you're on your gaiim over there, okay?
You got the biggest bunch of no talent losers in your organization.
The only talent you had was Rick and Sud, which, you know, what can I say?
We like Suds a lot, and even though George hates Rick.
But we like that, and personally.
But just, you see, it rubs off on you.
When you're on a station that's gotten no audience,
and you're on the morning against a whole bunch of real shows like they are,
what are they going to do?
They're doing a point four is what I heard.
Yeah.
25 to 54, the most important person.
25, 50 people, they're doing a point four.
Yeah.
What's the point?
What's the point of wasting the juice?
I'm not sure a lot of people would like to waste the juice.
Or I'm saying if he true up in this town again,
I have a feeling a lot of people would love the waste of juice.
Big time.
But seriously, what's the point?
You know how much energy it takes to crank up 50,000 watts?
And point fours and point eights and point, I mean fractions.
Fractions.
How long can you, people continuing in your delusional state?
That's what they're in.
They're in a delusional state.
It's called Florida.
And they're believing that they really believe they're on bullshmit.
That they were putting out a radio station here.
You're your crannies and talk about radio groupies.
People calling in about condo, like us, and about Liz Wilde.
These are the four people who are, they're the Chris.
See this went out with a light bulb.
When they finally put the light bulb, when they dimmed the switch,
and they put that thing off.
When Jack Mark put that, they believe radio station
and his on here, that sometimes we put ball games on,
because we got two main ball games at the same time.
Yeah, that thing.
That's when it was all over.
Don't you understand?
It's like Mr. Ego.
He's on a radio station.
Not only does this show up on the thing,
I don't even know what the callators are.
I forgot.
I forgot, and even where it is on the dial.
It's like 14, 70, 30.
I don't know.
And he's cranking out, living over there.
Good luck, Steve.
You piece of crap.
I hope you enjoy your peppercorns and your parmesan cheese.
And could you all all over yourself?
People are fine to catch you not.
150, 151 at 560 WQAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to it.
Hey, it's over.
Weekday afternoon to two.
Sports Radio 560 QAF.
I want to give you the real thing here now.
On top of football, play a boot game.
Play a soul and leave your ground.
You got the back of your bar.
You lost his mind.
It's you who never leave balls and ground.
You take it to a victory.
It's a perfect review.
You say all is well, a field coach you have.
It's all up to tag me up with food.
Now you can play a sad thing and hold my door.
Oh, no.
You can bend for me on the ground.
You can use an NFL job.
You never hear the jail cell lock.
You got it.
Every small screenchild.
There's a bad criminal they should have liked.
Now if you can catch the ball,
or rub with the ball,
then write a letter.
And be all right.
As long as they can feel the bleachers.
Instead of swung their skin,
the blue cares who gets bloody golfers
they are making money at the land that's like you do the way.
He depends on the land or land or land or land.
Throw a gun at the ground.
You can bend and defend count.
The injury is a jail cell lock.
You never hear the jail cell lock.
You'll listen up here's the story.
About a little guy that lives in the blue world.
And all day and all night and everything he sees
is your school, like him inside and outside.
Blue his house with the blue little window.
And a blue car wreck.
And everything is slow for him.
And himself and everybody around him.
Nobody to listen.
Nobody to listen.
I'm moved out of the sea of the night.
I'm a sea of the night.
I'm a sea of the night.
I'm a sea of the night.
I'm a sea of the night.
I'm a sea of the night.
I'm a sea of the night.
I have a blue house with a blue window.
Blue is the color of our town.
Blue is the street and our machines are blue.
I have a girlfriend and she is no blue.
Blue is the people here that walk around.
Blue is my car that is big.
Blue is the people that walk around.
Blue is the street and our machines are blue.
You chocolate too, scuttersy, you hard to tick, you hard to tick unfairly
I have a blue house in a blue window
Blue is the color I bought in our world.
Blue is the street and all the trees are too.
I'm a cousin and she is so blue.
Blue is the people here that walk around.
Blue is my garbage. It's been in our minds.
Blue is the world I came when I came.
Blue is the feeling that's left inside me.
Blue is the sun.
Don't let this happen to you.
Today's National Football League Cracket athletes are above the law.
Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home.
With the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
Don't let this happen to you.
