Now 560 on your self-holiday.
The use of NEO is Ketschen Colors.
You must necessarily represent those of the beastly blood Ketskruks.
It's staff. Advertisers your agency.
Now, here's NEO Roger on 560 to AF.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Klan.
I'm a friend of UG Thomas.
Friends of Bush is a nominee for this Supreme Court.
And you know, there's not some people that are dead.
They think this is all...
I just want to be a little more water when I think of it.
That it wasn't nothing but a pinjoy.
They're really cigar-sized.
I know, remember y'all.
If they don't think I'm fit to be on this Supreme Court,
yeah, I got the money.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to catch y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law,
I don't just review the law.
Tell y'all, I'll be talkin' to the e.
And I'll talk to the west.
And I'll talk to the west.
And I'll talk to the west.
And I'll talk to the west.
I'll be talkin'.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
10-01 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Wednesday, too.
But I feel a lot better today.
Thank the Lord.
I think...
You said it.
Man.
What difference did they in a couple of pills are making?
You think it's the pill?
Had a combination once dinner at the Emile Coast last night.
Thanks a lot, Richard.
Great people over there.
What is that?
Open part?
Yeah, okay.
I was gonna take sunrise, but you know, it is definitely not sunrise.
Is it sunrise?
I guess it is.
I guess it is sunrise.
Well, wherever it is, I'm by 44th in Pine Island.
Anyway.
And feeling better, which is good news for me.
Not that most people care out there,
but I thought I'd mention anyway, just in case somebody might.
Speaking of that.
Happy Birthday, Crystal.
In fact, to show you how Eric is right on the top of things on our website.
Have you seen it on there?
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
He's got your birthday on there December 6th, which is a good thing,
because otherwise I would have forgotten it would have cost you.
No, I'm good with it.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh yeah, George's birthday he's got on there.
He says, make the check bigger this year.
In two colors.
Oh, you want the checking two colors?
And so, happy birthday, Crystal.
Crystal, Crystal's 25 today.
And will not touch you.
I'll go up to you even with your hands.
Believe me when I tell you.
That's just a thought about it.
So, growth test can go disgusting.
So, unclean.
I mean, talk about kosher.
I got a great idea for the political problems that we're having here.
Alternate days.
Yeah, bush can be present every other day.
And gork can be present.
And it works out good for Libra, because I can have a whole other day.
You can have a Virginia.
I can't think of anybody more goryished than he is.
Maybe they could just delegate the responsibility.
And then on days when Cheney has got Ajup and heart attacks,
they can have Libra men coming in for the gap.
So, gork can take care of four of the fours and make a little log in there.
Yeah, yeah, there you go.
And they can be bubble round for like domestic affairs.
That sounds good to me.
I mean, the whole thing is just so ridiculous.
It's going to start to move.
No, it's going to do what?
The moods.
He's going to start doing the major.
Great news, though.
I know everybody wants to talk about the election.
Now, Paul yesterday, who should rightfully be the next president based on everything you've seen so far?
And the counts and the recounts and count Dracula?
We had 838 votes, pretty heavy duty, considering we allegedly have no audience.
Glow of 579.
69%.
See there I go again.
I'm back and there comes a 69 up on a goddamn computer again.
Like I'd say, you're conspiracy.
And burst 259.
31%.
So that proves two things.
We've got a lot of starched grow people out there who want to stick it out.
When a doubt stick it out, also the bush people are going and warming up their radios for a lot of ads.
You know something, maybe the bush people, not only on the Lardaths, maybe they discovered Dr. Loha too.
You think that's a possibility?
Yeah, because she's sufficiently right-winged for them.
Just don't tell him that she's Jewish.
Even more Jewish than Jewelieverman if that's possible.
Super Orthodox.
And it just kind of rubbed off because she was never super Orthodox before, but she married Orthodox Jew.
And then it rubbed off and that's until she became a bigoted bitch.
But that could be where they're all hanging out, particularly.
Which is fine with us.
Fine with us.
One thing about me.
Bigh-bigh-bigh.
Yeah, the bush people are too emotional to handle the truth that they're on this program.
All I can say is bigh-bigh-bigh.
And don't let the door hit you any ass on the way out.
But I mean, that's just the way it goes.
But anyway, there is one piece of great news.
According to the US Supreme Court.
And the reason I played the clearance commissary at the beginning because he was one of the three assholes as usual.
The dissenting voices on the Supreme Court.
Random drug roadblocks barred.
Yeah, I knew.
Rueling limits police searches.
Emphasizing strict limits on law enforcement searches and seizures.
The US Supreme Court strongly defended a person's right to be left alone.
When a rule proves it, it random roadblocks designed the cats' vehicles carrying drugs.
And Indianapolis violated the Constitution.
In a six to three ruling, the court said the roadblocks violated the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against unreasonable searches and seizures.
Because police had no special reason to do them.
Instead, the court ruled the roadblocks were part of a general scheme by law enforcement to find evidence of a crime.
As in, if allowed, roadblocks for those reasons, the court said.
There would be a little check on the ability of the authorities to construct roadblocks for almost any conceivable law enforcement purpose.
Without drawing the line that roadblocks designed primarily to serve the general interest in crime control,
the Fourth Amendment would do little to prevent such incursions from becoming such intrudents from becoming a routine part of American life or even San Justice Sandra Day O'Connor.
How do you like that?
The ruling is from the Federal Appeals Court's Indian Chicago, which is cited with a group of motorists to challenge the roadblocks as unconstitutional seizure.
And there's nothing worse than having just asked Dick Cheney, rather than worse than having unconstitutional seizure.
While the program was an operation, Indianapolis purist stopped more than a thousand cars and six different roadblocks.
The stops resulted in 55 arrests for drug possession, 49 arrests for license, or registration and fractions.
They did say, however, that it is okay to stop shrubs as if they're trying to go vote.
Look up in the opinion. That's okay.
Speaking of shrubs, the dissenting voices on the court as usual cheats us this fascist William Wenquist.
He wrote a dissent that was joined by Anthony and Scalia and Clarence Frickin, token Thomas.
What a piece of crap he is, you know?
Uncle Thomas.
No, but this story, right there, those people who downplayed the business about the Supreme Court, right there is the only reason that we should be excited about the presidential election still.
I'm not confused about Al Gore. In fact, the more I see in the last I like him, if that's possible, the more I see in the more witness becomes.
You see what he came bouncing out on the White House lawn yesterday? That was right after we got off the air.
Thank God he waited.
Cheers. I mean, he just hasn't got it.
You wish he had it. You're hoping for him. Come on. Maybe today is the day you'll wake up with a little bit of a personality.
What do you think?
No. No. Tomorrow?
No. How about a week from Donnerstik?
No. No.
Jesus Christ. Just not going to happen. You don't have it.
You got four guys in here. You got the one guy who keeps having a heart attack every other week.
You got a guy who's dumb or that saw us and just about is proud of it, too, I guess.
And just keep scrolling at a hiding waiting for all these people that they shroud him with to do the work for him.
And then we got the wooden in the end and you got the professional do this.
He's running around telling everybody about we need a lot more God and sort of and so on.
And that's been everything he doesn't like. Even though he really link wing. He doesn't mean it.
Link wing.
That's who could be in there. Wink Martin deal. He had to do it much these days.
I mean, that's got to be that. It's got to be philosophical because it certainly isn't because the public isn't too is about these candidates.
I mean, if you to anybody out there, if you tell me you're enthused about Al Gore, George Bush, we got some serious help on the way to your house immediately.
Not sooner.
Got a great poor question today. I'll tell you one thing. Even on days when I do a crappy show and there's been a few couple of those maybe once I come up with the best and polls.
Which of these events was most compelling to you? Now see, I hate using big words like compelling because probably a lot of people in the audience.
I mean, if there were two stupid know how to vote and certainly compelling is a word that says maybe it grams with air in spelling and smelling.
Which of these events was most compelling to you? The OJ trial.
Ali on or the Bush Gore election.
And you know, since I have to cast a vote on who in the thing pops up after Eric puts it on website on your watches dot com.
I at this moment, I still am not really sure. I'm kind of torn between. And that's the kind of poor I like is one that's torn between 844 votes yesterday.
And overnight who should rightfully be the next president based on all of this all the chads and all the fads and all the arguments and bickering and the popular vote and the electoral vote and all this crap.
All of these things.
Gore 584 70% 69% Bush 260 31% and isn't it refreshing now that the election is over at least the casting the ballot part lost maybe in Palm Beach.
But anyway, that we don't have all these Republicans these Bush workers that come on and they do the emails and they go.
Oh, geez. That was that really prevented us from doing anything in the that made any sense on a political justice about put impeachment the impeachment and monika gate on there.
You think that's a good idea. Yeah, it was a big deal. It was a happening. Okay, well, we'll give you a fourth choice. Eric.
What do we call that monika gate monika gate. How about penis gate? Now they want to know what that is. Monika gate.
Okay, so you got four choices which of these is most compelling to you.
Or J12. Alien, the Bush coalition or monika gate. And of course, you know, like the Republican said, just we'll take our time with this thing and get it right now.
The election we got to hurry up because we got to run off the clock. I'm sorry. 10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Mill's portion of the program is reduced to the free for that. The express wouldn't commission a WQLM.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I beg your pardon. I can't eat tomatoes. I just understand that.
Peter Leonard is a god. I'll tell you that. And I always said that he's a great guy.
I'm sorry.
Peter Leonard, he's the best. In fact, you know something. If he could ever get off those dirty uppers that he's on, he might actually not be too bad of a guy.
You might actually go out to dinner with him. You and Crystal. I mean, I wouldn't.
But you might.
Thanks Peter, who went over to the diner at his own expense, by the way. You know, this is good.
I was talking yesterday about the fact that we, you know, I have to pay for it, at least the food.
And that's just doesn't fit in with the whole image here.
But the fact that we can get somebody as generous as Peter Leonard and as much of a suck up.
I mean, a good guy's fooder is to go over there and get it, who insists on paying for it himself.
Then it fits right in.
Nice omelet here, seasoned bacon.
Do you want the tomatoes?
I can't use the tomatoes. Sorry about that. Tomatoes bad for what I got. Bad for your good.
Oh, here they go. Right in the old Smith can't.
People are starving and this man is doing some big beautiful slices of fresh red tomato in the Smith can.
Sorry about that. Somebody will come along and pick it out of there. Put it in the hallway just even to leave it.
Oh, you know, I got to tell you a great story. Not a great story. It's a bad story.
Coming back on a plane from Amsterdam on Martin's here.
This is the story of my life. It's like at the hockey games. You know, the people stand up in front of me.
I mean, they sit down in front of me.
I can be sitting there. I look around a whole arena and they're the only ones standing up right in front of me.
It's just my luck. It's like when you go to the tour booth.
You know, the person in front of you is the only one that's got a $600 bill.
Or doesn't have any money.
Some sit in there, might be my own business, or in the middle aisle. And I'm on the right side.
And here's a guy who looked like a Dutch Josh Friedman only bigger and fatter.
Didn't smell as bad. Thank God.
And it was like a group of businessmen.
And he's evidently one of his colleagues there, some old obnoxious Dutch guy, is sitting there across the aisle for me.
And that's big fact, disgusting Dutchman decides he's going to stand there and talk to him.
So he's bending over and I've got ants in the face. Don't you just love that?
Yeah, ants in the face pull like a half an hour into time.
And I'm sitting there and I'm like moving a little further to the left.
And I'm like looking at the guy who's this guy is leaning over talking to me.
They're oblivenous. You want to think about the Dutch.
See, let me just make it very clear about the Netherlands.
When everybody goes to Amsterdam on my recommendation, it's a great country.
It's free. It's liberal. It's progressive. I mean, it's backward in a lot of ways.
But it's very progressive socially. The people there, though, a lot of them suck.
Do you follow what I'm saying? It's right down here. I mean, the weather's nice and we got beautiful palm trees.
The people most of them suck here, but it's a beautiful place. And the same with over there.
There are a lot of good things, but the Dutch are very angry. The rude, very, very inconsiderate.
Now, John calls this thing about like, they have a different concept of personal space.
See, to me, that's just an excuse for being rude. It's kind of a minute with a concept of personal space.
They elbow you on the train. They push right by. They don't care if they knock you down.
Because they figure, well, he already fell down a couple of months ago, why not again?
So here I had asked in the face, and then to make it even better, like later when the flight he decided he wasn't finished with his conversation,
he came back and gave me about another 45 minutes of the old breakfast in the face, which in spite of all those chores that I'm eating ass,
but I'm just not into ass. I hate to break through the list here. I wouldn't have cared who it was.
I wouldn't have cared if he would have been like 20 years old and looked like Brad Pitt on the best day of his life.
I don't want his ass in my face. Under any circumstances, but especially sitting there as a captive,
there's like a prisoner on a plane and a 10 hour plane ride from hell.
Exactly. Oh, and I kept thinking about that.
Can you know, I thought, and he dressed just like Josh for me and out of purid jeans,
that even though they were like about size 65, they were still too small.
And so this big gigantic ugly Dutch ass is sitting there just staring me in the face for like half an hour at a time.
And you used to be really fat. You don't always have the option to never ruin this. Never like this.
Oh, that's true. When you're that fat, sometimes they just kind of like, so you don't even, you're not even aware of it.
It's a pressure. So very, you're right. There's the silver lining. I always tell the audience look for the silver lining even in the darkest cloud.
There's the good piece of news is that he didn't cut one the whole time.
Thank you so much, my Dutch friend. I'll still believe you get out of my face. You're disgusting pig.
Here's a great fact. It says in a mirror image of the photo situation, the hypocritical Republicans request a recount in New Mexico.
They claim that it's highly unusual with 570 people in the did not vote for president in Roosevelt County.
Grow one by 40, he six. How do you like that? These are the same people are saying, oh, there's nothing unusual about 10,000 votes in the county and the audio.
They make it up as they go along. And nationwide, the popular vote, which is still counting at this point, it's three weeks in a day after the election.
And there's still county votes. I'm not talking about the salary, county. I'm talking the first time. There's still county votes.
Who was there by 328,696 nationwide? Third of a million.
So that's what we stand on. I've got hearings up the ads. We got that clown judge up there. I kind of like that guy that Yahoo.
What's his name? In San Luis Salves up in Leon County. Don't you like him? He's a panic. He keeps saying he says, yeah, listen to you guys like getting pecked to death by a duck.
And he's got all kinds of real cute things. And then of course, and he also had a great line. He said, what will satisfy me is if I can make both of you attorneys equally unhappy. That'll satisfy me. Then I'll know I'm doing a good job.
Okay, let's see what's going on here. Now look at this. Look at this. This is shocking to me.
Which is saying this is because it's kind of an out of sight out of mind thing. They're Alzheimer's kicks in.
Which of these events is most compelling to you? The election 13, early on three, OJ2 and the Monica, the penis gate zero so far.
I mean, we edited that on because somebody out there thought it was a good idea and maybe it was it was tolerized. You know the hearings and all that.
Then we didn't hear about any blow jobs. Oh, of course, the election thing here. I guess you could say that girl blew it in so many ways.
We were right down the old turlits. I don't even know Catherine. It was probably made a big splash. I thought it was at it.
Okay, let's take a couple of calls here today. You've got to be kidding me. He calls me here on the air. I'm an Amsterdam pretend he's never called me over there. He calls me here on the air because he wants to be a hand-bone.
What have you been hiding? I don't know. Neil. I did the summer thing in Amsterdam. I got back up Sunday night. I flew a slow-challenge. It doesn't matter. I was a peanut, which is clothing mediocre. They don't even.
They don't put a toilet paper. They don't put the toilet paper in the bed. They're saying coach are so small. I had to eat.
What, wait a minute. You flew in coach? Yeah, I did. What a cheap bastard you are. I mean, you're brutal.
What road is my budget? You came up with the trade-down. I had to balance the food on my head. But while I'm an Amsterdam, are you going to lay up coach? You're going to feel superior.
And you lived if you're superior to me, right? Yeah. Okay, I'm stone because I'm at the high time festival. I go to McDonald's stones. While I'm online, I'm dreaming about a cheeseburger. Somebody bumps me.
I got robbed of my $5,000 necklace. The thing I always wear. Really? Coach knows it.
That's the chick sitting on the moon. The one that you used to put to her. Yes, actually. I used to go to the beach to put it up to my cigar.
Anyway, you used to go on her moon. What do you say? Well, you know, she's a pretty girl. Am I used to?
As a beer, I know. But I thought, like all the other women you hang out with. You're here. Neil, it's so bitter.
How was your dark room at the Adonisheil? It was the only thing that happened. No, but it happened to me. That's where it really happened. Yeah.
I was probably some meat that you were eating, but it had nothing to do with me. Did you have fun? I had a good time.
I'll make sure it's part of the lesson. How come you never heard from me? I didn't even hear from the landlord. Peter.
But I do it. If I do hear that you have a new key, your apartment. I got it for you. I'll come over. You know I always would show you, but if you go,
be here and stay with me. Don't have a don't bring him here. Okay. You don't want him? Ron Jeremy was fun.
Okay. Even with all the hair. No, Joey. Do not bring Joey here. Don't bring Joey Reynolds. Don't bring Joey. But a fruco. Don't bring any Joey.
What did you do with my necklace after you granted off my necklace? Found it.
Okay. Did you have a Chinese $15,000 joker for you?
The original, I have a box from the greenhouse. Wonderful place.
You ended a place called the Peking Inn, which is right up the street from either Anvisa Stroll. It was good. It was pretty good.
You know, the Euro Dollar, it's so weak, it's good for us. I took eight people for dinner. It came out to 120 US dollars about 300 jilz. It's a pleasure to be in that country.
Now is it truly you and Jeff Cohen, and I don't know? Homosexual. Yeah. I was getting married. Good.
Well, it's a little bit Hawaii's opening Hawaiian people up. It's a legal in Amsterdam, it's Simon. Isn't it so many?
I got so sick over there from the crappy food, from all the fatty food, you know, and then I thought I was dying over there. I thought that was it.
Well, the Chinese food taste, your pork fried rice is it, you know, it's the boom.
I have to, you have some pork. What, Latvia, what's how much round trip first class?
First class, Martin year, $17,000. So, my gear rich. Your rich eye. You've got the contract. No more. What are you talking about?
You got more money than I'll ever see if I live to be 300. What do you, you're just a cheap, stereotypical fat Jew.
Why don't you, why don't you lighten up a little bit and circumvent the circulation? I can't tell.
I don't want to miss 50 meals yet. I mean, Friday night I'm going to be a trip piece that tells you where to bring crystal along. I want to do a fine.
It's taking Joey. You're taking Joey to trip ease? Are you? Friday night. I got a new one that I met Heidi.
Sorry. Now, she entered my ear in the sunset. No, no. No. No.
Stick with these mental cases that you pick out of these food forms. Stick with them. They're right up your alley.
Well, they are. The Adonis food. Well, warm the ass. My mouth hurts.
Well, don't get sore about it. Well, listen, bring me that key. I'll come over later.
Today? No, later in the week. Okay. Bye, darling.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
I'll come over later.
He is a registered Democrat and a one time college intern for Edward Kennedy, but he was appointed to the branch by Republican Governor jet-부t.
I'm working with the Republican Governor jet-부t.
this judge's fault we used to be republican now is a democrat and we're not
really sure what it is okay well this is a big article on just uh...
judge burden
so i mean i can't see if you want to see it
now pass
okay and the other one on the poor and on the democratic party that was on
the limit of the time
and it says uh... the poor defenders including republican leaders have said
that many eyes approved for valid design however bob poll executive director of
the four that democratic party confirmed
that no one in his party signed off on the ballot
the official could
could be reached for comment
so that's on
those two
but that's not legal so somebody had a sign off on it because that's the law
yes
well further on the article it says one test was her uh... the police are
previous uh...
uh...
uh... says uh...
the frequency of election she said preclude review by political parties or
state election officials
uh...
that county's three percent of the board doesn't see the battle before it's
kind of
like it's not really done
is what she said
i think she's done
so uh... i know she's done
yes you know
okay thanks
uh... i see
it's a standard
yeah that's a reason to pull she's a thing with a
how does it feel to be said and know that you have that kind of power
that you single handedly
picked a nice president probably how does that feel so it
that they see she's in the more power than that's uh... secretary of bush
up there
ice-cold to me sir
don't take it personally now we don't want you to get scratched out unless
a question want to
here's a call from the police
high new yes sir
oh boy my glad to talk to you
you know you're the only breath of sanity on the
whole area that's correct
absolutely correct
i have to
accidentally
that's on your program one time
you can't have a good night
i thought you were well
this must be another member of the fellon that you remember
and i said my god he's talking to him
who's been asking that somebody to the left of Hitler can actually be on a
radio in america that you don't have to be some right wing fascist
uh... paranoid uh... cow like a lot of limbaugh
or something that's been found
it's hard to believe
with that local commissioner
who's turned uh... talk show host here
you know the rest of the floor
who knows what
and you know it's what my point is that what i'd like to say to you and it's
so important
you know if you can get brainwashed so easily
if you're not careful about listening to what's being told
uh...
anybody get brainwashed by fat ass limbaugh Gordon would be a minute
as long as you know where they're coming from even a little child knows how
could you believe anything that they say
well it that's how it seems to you and to me
but yet you have these
perfectly normal people who work with eating
the snuff and so on
well because people are stupid
people like to be led
that's why we're starting to think that you know it's
uh... you know this is the what kind of a more on our you that you say okay
whatever you say did i did i did i'll be because uh... you're my god then i'm
one of your
disciples one of your are underlings
well there you go let's
let me read the
the seminal county thing you know just to give you an example of the newspaper
in the napol staling news
the headline was you know the courts are picking up whatever and uh...
of course there was a mention about uh...
uh... a small
side-line that uh... what's happening with the three court with the point people
over without intention and
and then the seminal county
story was
kind of last page
otherwise the one that uh...
uh... what are you know you know you know you altered the
uh... information and that i don't know how i am forty seven hundred
balance
it well exactly i mean it that's all issue would be the end of the whole
uh... extra against it right
but for some reason
when the republican here is that of the only has taken place
all that's okay because
that's politics
but it's a little bit of it's just like it's just like the recount they like
to recount in seminal county that we can't report county they like to read
the uh... elimination of the fifty one votes in that's all county because they're
all for gore
they like it when it's expedient for them
but when it's not expedient for them all the democrats are trying to change the
law and the county these people ballot
it's like i said yesterday the article i read from the international here
tribune
they just had this recounted the state of pectus
based partially on the law that bush himself signed in law three years ago
and every dip a ballot was counted
every one of them and there was no big song of death and in addition to which
it was a republican candidate who challenged the outcome
he's the one that demanded a recount
whenever it's convenient whatever it's convenient they like bimples and when they
don't like it they are they call them marzipz
how do they tell you to feel that's what
yeah i think that's the problem i think i have a
that's it had in charge
uh... yet he's pretty full balance pregnant chad it's a joke it's a joke
when somebody beside them is trying to get a github of counted
but what's the their benefit well i mean that's the american effort just like
the recounted no mexico
and they find it very suspicious all these under votes there but the under
votes here well i find it because they almost of those would have gone to go
you're but you're liars and hypocrites you bush people you
wires and hypocrites i mean you're totally for whoever you want but don't try
to pretend it was that you're he's on the side of the people and that he trust
people are not the government he strictly a shell for daddy
who's pretending to be in this big fishing term is he's fishing for the
white house that's what he's fishing for
he keeps picking his hook in the water hoping they'll bring the keys up to the
god damn look kingdom
that's what they're looking for
because they want back in when i wouldn't surprise me to see a poppa in the
marzipz of uh... washed them
knocking on trying to knock that door down this weekend i'm serious
i can see that right now i'm sitting at the lab the two of them try to bang the
guy damn door down
and of course w won't be there yet because nobody showed him or was it on the
map
twenty four eleven and five sixty wql
but neil russia shows sports radio five sixty
few
and
that way
still will be election from the
laugh on
and
after the
sedimentary
Next up, Google Voice, Wiggin' Voice,
Call of the Yellowbird,
be sure you get a good call for the big act
with children, exceptions, during Thanksgiving.
Oh, ha, ha, ha.
10.46.5.5.5.5.5.5.5.
So again, here's another line by the Republicans.
They put an ad now. What was it in the Washington Post?
I don't know exactly.
One of those Washington Posts, he knew the Post.
Probably in the Washington Post.
Oh, no, maybe it was in the Washington Times.
Not to be a right wing.
Whatever, some guy in this paper
to find a bunch of the right wingers
who would come down here,
put them up at the pure 66 hotel.
Those were your Republican agitators
at the Lamy-Dade courthouse.
Those were the ones that the,
whatever the hell was, the federal building.
I wasn't here. Who the hell knows where they came?
Screaming, let us in. Stop the vote. Let us in.
There was the one guy. I'm sure most of you are seeing the tape.
They showed it 6,000 times already.
The one guy with a glasses,
and kind of the big head of Blonde,
the wavy here,
and his head kept spinning around.
I thought he was doing the Linda Blair.
I thought he was auditioning for X's this part 3.
God, just hysterical.
What was it? What was it?
It was all orchestrated and all shifted.
And then the next day,
we put them back on a bus and took a shift and up the browser.
Didn't do quite so well up there.
Oh, no, we had nothing to do with this,
and we weren't trying to disrupt the vote.
Right!
One out the clock. That's what it's all about.
One out the F and clock.
They paid him how much today?
$30 a day. Our expenses paid for up room and board,
Gornay, Turkey dinner.
Oh, let's figure that out. I almost forgot there was the guy.
He said this guy was paid.
I don't want to dig it out of the basket.
There's a pretentative user's name on here.
Some green tutorial.
He was paid to be in there in a protest with a log cabin or a publicans,
which I guess you don't know. It's a bunch of body cornice.
But anyway,
he sends me the picture. There's his push in the newspaper,
and he circles it.
He says that was paid to be there.
He spelled it wrong,
but nah, he's one of your people that he expects.
He's probably the guy who's still out of necklace.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I think Vice President Gorn did serving his term over the last eight years.
Well, what does that mean?
What do you think you did a good job?
Yes, I think Clinton did a good job.
I'm just curious what you thought about that.
Why would we discuss that?
I mean, where is the election coming up now?
Is this stuff that we've discussed before?
Well, the reason why.
What's the point of having the campaign all over again?
I was just curious why he's struggling to win the national popular vote.
Because he has...
Is this the same guy that we won today?
We won the national popular vote by almost a third of a million votes, you Bozo.
And to the same ass, who I call yesterday,
who is AP vote, the double-pocker.
Let me say it again.
He won by almost a third of a million votes,
which is much out of 101 million.
But still, it's a substantial number.
It's your better than 573.
Confidently, Republicans spent more than four to one with the Democrats there during the campaign.
Yeah, and the fact is, he's got a personality like a dead man.
And also, the fact is that the Republicans pull every string possible
and try to get daddy's boy in there.
And you already know that.
See, I hate to break the news here,
but there's not much point in those kind of conversations.
It also makes you feel good, unless you're squeezing it real hard while you're on the phone,
which he's probably still squeezing it, nothing's happening.
Because most of us have already voted.
Now, Tom Beats, there is some slight chance they may vote again,
which I think would really be delicious.
I think that would be fantastic.
Can you see if they finally ruled at five,
the whole thing got in there?
And they haven't had hearing of staff in the three or four o'clock.
To see if they're actually going to, they haven't agreed to hear that case,
but they're going to have a court hearing to hear what they're going to hear it.
The party we would throw.
The party we would throw in.
And then you can just see W come on there and concede.
Oh, let's not go through this election.
We might as well concede right now, and it was nice try,
and they hear the keys back, even though you think it's given to us.
They left the company.
You think they're going to refund the money?
All those people are given in the five thousand bucks,
so they can go get their power plus digs for their transition thing.
They just make it up as they go along.
They're so concerned about the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment,
and that this vote, if it's recounted, is more valuable than you vote,
which of course is an absolute lie, because, like I said before,
you already signed into law in its own states three years ago,
the hand recount, which they just did one of his state representative candidates
who lost Republican, Dimples and all.
They talk out of not just both sides of their mouth,
but both sides of their rectum, and it would have been so much better.
And in the media, of course, they love it.
Oh, here's James Baker again, and here's a warrant.
Christopher, they give him some oxygen.
They love it, because it fills up all this time.
But if we had a responsible media, they would have said,
you know something, all you people keep your spokesman off our networks.
We're not giving any time.
We're going to let the courts decide all these things.
We'll report what's happening in the courts, and that's it.
But of course, that's not good showbiz.
It's much better to keep putting James Baker on their behalf.
Looks like he's about ready to have a big chainy.
He's got that, eh, that him ungaring look on his face, you know?
That was that thing, Jew is delighted again,
trying to screw us over in Palm Beach.
That's why Papa Bush has been efficient right now.
He's pretty pissed off.
He's trying to catch the big one.
Here's a call from Tampa, hello.
Yeah, and the same thing now is occurred,
and it's coming out early.
Happened in Seminole County, happened in Martin County with the Ancensees.
The Republicans were allowed to come in and fix the arrows on them,
so they would be valid.
Meanwhile, the Democrats have syntheses that were not collect from
the United States, and they're not in a big pile, and we're never taken care of.
Uh-huh.
That's a new one.
But you know who our next president is going to be?
When we get the electors picked by the legislature, the Florida legislature,
that'll be the Bush electors.
When Goura is re-sertified as the winner of Florida,
there'll be a set of electors for Goura.
NIDA will be able to seat, to be seated at the electoral college,
so it'll go to Congress.
So I'm assuming.
You got it.
You know who will pick his vice president?
Trent Lawt.
Trent Lawt.
There you go.
That's a nice progression period, guys.
So, strong kick, throwing about, kicks off about six months, a year down the road,
and lots of president.
I say that we have strong dual waiting Henry Harrison, you know,
getting inaugurated and pouring rain and getting pneumonia.
Maybe we could waste him a little in Margaritaville.
And then we can find out that what's really in Trent's closet.
Bye.
Have a great day.
Yeah, remember all that business about Trent Lawt?
Just a couple of palm palms, nothing else.
Yeah, he was a cheerleader, Trent Lawt.
And he's also one of these real humble, former cry wingers.
What is that, tell ya?
Yeah.
Every, let me say it again, all your kids out there throughout your life.
Anytime you run into one of these real, humble, former cry wingers,
that's the fact that you're looking at it.
You're looking at it right in their place.
Just looking straight in the face and say, yeah, that's right.
Because you're looking right at it.
Correct.
At the evil brown eye.
Here's a mobile and full-watered ale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two days ago, I'm Monday night football.
How many days ago?
Two days ago.
Yeah.
The night football.
Al Michaels called Catherine Harris, the American heroine.
Why?
Al Michaels said that?
Yes.
Al Michaels called her an American heroine.
What business is he got talking about politics?
I mean, that football.
Who cares about his politics?
Okay.
Well, why?
Why is he calling her a heroine?
Because of her hyper-technical reading of Florida Law?
Because you like to hear eyelashes again.
Well, you know, if that's the case, and if that's going to be...
I say, I say she ought to get 100 lashes is what I say.
If that's going to be the standard point.
Well, what is Al Michaels talking about politics for?
But, it's how she should be consistent with her standards.
And...
His year is the same one that said to all the counties, you know,
if the overseas ballots don't have a postmark, they must not be counted.
No exceptions.
Right.
Well, who's a man by the name of Dean Ray,
who went from there in Sanford, Florida.
And he submitted 900 petitions to the election supervisor
in Seminole County, Republican Sandy Gord.
Those petitions were rejected because some of the petitions
did not contain crucial information.
He requested to serve them out, including missing information.
And she refused saying that this is public property,
you cannot have them back.
Okay, fast forward to October 2000,
when the same Sandy Gord, who's a Republican,
called Republican operatives Mike Leach,
and let him come into her office and fill out 4,700
absentee ballots.
Never thought he was going to throw up.
These are all shoes going to throw in the garbage.
Because they were missing crucial information.
Yet she allowed this guy to fill in this information.
Now, according to state law, this is illegal.
It's a third degree felony.
And we ought to point out that every one of those was for Bush.
Exactly.
There were over the 4,700, three-three ballots.
State law says that the only people that can throw out absentee ballots
are the electors, the electors are immediate family,
and the electors legal guardian.
Where's our country?
It's right.
Mr. Wheat is not one of them.
And he throwed them out.
It's a third degree felony.
It's a ticking time bomb.
Because this issue is going to be heard next Wednesday
in Leon County.
It's the court rules for the plaintiffs.
And those ballots are excluded.
Goal will win by 4,000 votes.
Game over.
What would Ms. Harris have to say about that?
Where is the consistency in this house?
Yeah.
That's what she'll be saying.
OK, calm down.
Take two in calm down.
Take some of our promise, sir.
What is that?
Pile of sack?
Pile of sack.
And I'm not taking Pile of sack, I should mention.
Although that's OK.
He gave me privacy, which I guess is very similar.
And you know, they got so many drugs in my doctor.
He doesn't know how they picked up out of the closet.
Here's why these made these are held.
Here's a fact from Michael who says,
do we at the end of the facts?
Good thought.
Since I ordered a keychain by the Internet order number 6,
I'm so out of the 6 still go, keychain.
I better pass this along to Miguelo and we might want to take this time to mention,
because I get a lot of calls out here.
People are besting my buyers over it.
This is a promotion department thing at this point.
Yeah.
We produce the disc.
They distribute it.
I can't help them.
That kind of thing.
Right.
Well, but I mean, they put their money up and they would be more plastic.
I mean, they're definitely right.
Number and everything like that.
That's what they want to get to good stuff.
The number of phone complain is the same number that you call the order.
Right.
3, 5, 6, 5, 0, 5, 6, 0, 5, 6, 0, 5, 6.
Call up Miguel and the bitchy model.
He's got nothing to do in there anyway.
Plus, he's got, he's all alone in there now.
Not with the nephew's one.
Do we have a new promotions?
No.
No new promotion director.
Well, why should we do that?
We might have to actually pay somebody if we do that.
10, 56, and 5, 60, WQF.
I'm out for more.
We'll be your leader, Ralph.
We're going to have to hold the election up.
See you later, Ralph.
We're going to have to lay it out.
You're not supposed to let us get up.
Go buy yourself a new suit.
Man.
It's not the same thing.
It's not.
You got your name on the mallet.
Ask your name for Hannah Chek.
You put your name on the mallet.
The way you wear the Manhattan Chek.
We're still the daughter you.
And the band outing your hair.
Thanks to you, the right swingers.
Go lead your next year's fair and square.
And now the last year's right swingers.
Go lead your next year's fair and square.
Go buy the most smaller guy.
We'll try to go 65 for mayor.
See you later, Ralph.
See you later.
You're not supposed to let us get up.
See you later, Ralph.
See you later.
You're not supposed to let us get up.
Go buy yourself a new suit.
Man.
It's not.
It's not.
See you later, Ralph.
See you later.
Go drive your name for every seat.
Go drive your quarter.
Eight to one three.
Eight.
It's 11.03.05.60 WQAM.
Yeah, the courts are geared up.
CNN tells us the Supreme Court of the US is geared up.
The four to Supreme Court is geared up.
The other courts are geared up.
And they're geared up.
And Dick Cheney, they're trying to gear up his heart.
For a press conference, it's 2 o'clock, or a stay at something,
it's 2 o'clock.
Every time I see him, I hate to say this.
Even though he was a real right-wing prick.
But every time I see him on there, I think, you know,
something he's going to have a heart attack.
Remember that girl I went up into plane?
What's up with her name?
A little seven-year-old girl I was flying to plane?
Oh, I don't know.
Forget it.
And I told you I had a premonition about that,
that she was going to die after, and she did.
plane crashed.
They let this little girl fly to plane.
I mean, daddy was in there, I guess, or somebody.
He was in the back getting drunk.
And in a driving rainstorm, remember that in Wisconsin or somewhere?
Well, I should have go to the next stop,
because they were making a big, a PR thing of it.
And you know what?
She's still dead.
What the hell was her name?
Somebody in the audience will know.
A little girl of a little play.
Every time I see Cheney, and I say,
oh, I don't think he's going to make it.
I'm waiting for that moment when it's going to be,
oh!
Like that.
And see, you can't say he's a heartbeat away from the pregnancy.
You're first getting it.
Because his heart ain't beating most of the time.
He's got kind of a heart scoop and a jump away.
The birds have to eat to eat to eat to eat to eat to eat to eat.
Yeah, you're lying.
How do you like that?
It wasn't a heart attack.
It was just some, like, a fags got down there in Miami.
He just had to med.
He's not in shape for that.
He's not in shape for that.
That gas, that's all.
I don't get out of the system.
Take some of that crap to doctor.
You get some pills from the doctor.
Or from the doctor to...
Here's Pogadayakri, come on.
Hey, come on.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Yeah, I really enjoy your silk and down here, like, six months.
And I hate to pile up six months down here for a quarter.
This place is, we can't do anything right.
But at least we're consistent, but we can't do a dancing right.
Yeah, I'll cut the comments right.
I heard you've listen to me, talked about reconciliation.
And if things go their way, which I hope they don't,
they're talking about it, like, in a Democrat to the cabinet.
Yeah.
We should take on a possibility though, who they would actually look at.
It was just a spin on that.
Probably, somebody, a real liberal, like Bob Crawford, you know.
Maybe Jim Novel from Poor Lottardale, I'm here.
Something like that.
Something right when fascist, the mass ratings are Democrat.
Yeah.
Okay, then.
Yeah, you know what?
I'd like to say one thing.
You know, I'm not too confident in the answer to any court making a favorable decision.
But, of course.
You know, I consider probably policies with Republican party, right?
Yeah.
And I just don't think it's answer to the graph.
I think I probably only hope that the hinges on maybe a possible death of the problem
investigation, then possibly push your party being offered by the end right.
And the policy.
But what's going to happen when they find out about that abortion?
Well, that comes out about a month after it gets in and the inquire pops the story.
You know, what will happen then?
Well, you know what?
I'm saying to you.
I'm just thinking you're looking at it to get into office and make a couple of changes.
I don't think they're going to stay in their office.
Somebody's going to talk to talk.
Somebody's going to talk to talk.
Okay, let's cross our fingers, pal.
All right.
And hang on tight.
And you know what's going to happen if that would happen and Bush had to like step aside, you only have.
And that they're dick in the right house?
That's right.
With a bad dick with a bad dick.
Or.
Listen, this is pathetic.
It's really sad.
And you people are taking this all serious.
Like I said at the beginning of the show, I'll say it again.
If it weren't for the fact that we've got these philosophical, this danger, this tremendous philosophical danger,
that's what it's all about.
It has nothing to do with these people because these people are less than insignificant.
They're pathetic.
Each and every one of them has become a caricature of himself, of itself.
Jew and Lieberman and Wimperings, Simpering God on his sleeve, or where's the Hava Vah, this guy?
And the cigar store Indian Huna Madder, what the circumstances can't, he couldn't, you could put him in a goddamn oven.
And he still couldn't muster up any warmth.
And Dumb Boat, the deer in the headlights like, oh jeez, did I really get it?
This guy, you know, like, yeah, we're moving in.
How do I get there?
Where do I find it on the map?
And then this virulent right wing Nazi poppers girlfriend, dick.
Here's a mobile and port waterdale, hello.
You know, yes sir.
Did you see Papa Bush, he had a little remote control?
He controls his son, I think he sees it.
He's here, we go, not in that turn left, but what's the thing?
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, and then you know how they have the newer maps, the automated thing in the car,
you set the map and it'll get, I think that's what he's going to do to get into Washington.
Exactly, figure the fight is right.
Listen, so another thing, they had him on TV this morning, what a joky.
I mean, you could tell, it was just one of those, I'm the man who turned about this and I'm going to talk about that.
He's going to say this, I'm not going to say this.
I'm not going to say this.
And they had to say this about Bush's drunken driving.
Remember, his stubby got the overt, the drunken driving.
Yes, yeah.
Now, it's all about the drink, not the drive, get it?
Got caught, set them to his room three days, trying like a baby.
Never do it again.
Got to do it again.
Got to do it again.
Sorry to wrap them.
Got to go.
Okay, go catch a good one, Papa.
Papa Bush.
You know, it's just astonishing to me how stupid the half of this country can be,
not that good as any prize, and certainly do you leave them.
But we just got to sand all through a Papa Bush eight years ago,
because he was a mitigated disaster.
Wipe through his teeth, read my lips, I'm full of crap, you can almost smell it.
Yeah, left the goddamn sod am sitting over there on his ass so that we can start all over again.
An disaster.
Left this with all that jugging to get high unemployment.
Here we are eight years later.
Everything's going along so much better.
Oh, but sunny boy, those 50 times younger than that, he ever could be if he tried.
He's the answer.
I still don't get it.
I still, for the life of me, I don't understand why any of you voted for George W.
I know I voted for George to keep W out.
But why any of you voted for this, for this cretin, for the self described mass of mediocrity,
beats the hell out of me.
At least he's running night or the G.
That's true, ain't no Jew.
You don't forget to stop by the Pac-Man with 9.65, not the hell out in plantation,
broader shipping needs this holiday season, mentioning the lodgers, you're 10% off
and they're doing great job of handling our stuff.
At least I think they're doing a great job, based on that one thing.
So they are for our plan for under this year.
This is a bunch of hoots.
I can really go for some popcorn right now, but I don't know any of my microwaves.
You don't need to be.
Sure I do.
Oh my goodness, pop it.
Here, I'll show you.
Have a seat.
Now slide this right under.
Hey, where are you watching there?
No, whole real still.
Think nice thoughts.
And in five minutes you'll have pop and fresh hiding corn.
And you're going?
Yes, great.
Hiding corn pops up fresh with the warmth of your very own ass.
Hey, hey, hey.
Let's do this really weird.
Yeah, never mind that.
Let's go.
Unless you like it, of course.
Sit still and hold tight.
It's a little puppy here.
How old?
I'm tiny.
But easy.
Right from your own ass.
It's 1114 at 560 WDQ and have another handful.
Here's the elitist from Palm Beach County, judge George LeBarget at Little Judge.
He's a cent of the 36 kind of disputed ballots only at this time.
That's what the Democratic Treasury said.
Okay, here you go.
The 3600 ballots as we speak are on their way to Leon County to Valhasi.
So that hang in judge up there.
What else is named Judge Saul's?
And he's also left to the role.
If they want all 400,000 from Palm Beach, well, they can get those two.
Maybe later on down the road, like in about a half an hour.
But in the meantime, 3600 astute and valid ballots are on their way to the judge up there in Leon County.
Can you hear the sounds of the Green Apple Quickstep from the first people?
No, it's going too hard, Dick.
Uh-oh.
Here's tempered pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm just having a deal.
I've been calling the sub-room of the congressman around here.
Senator Graham.
You know that Senator who?
Senator Graham.
Graham, OK.
I've called them in on the B.C. office.
And I just have an idea.
I can't move up to this idea.
And I hope this helps us.
Since the Republicans are putting so much spin into this here, I think that the Democrat has to do the right thing.
And since Carter's sent so many countries to monitor the election, he should be sent to Florida, the monitor of the votes over here.
And that would tell the American people that there is something definitely wrong in South Florida.
And I hope that your views will consider this and call their congressman or whatever.
Oh, thank you anyway.
OK.
And say how to Senator Graham?
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and for rise in the wireless line.
Look at that.
The next step is to almost 20 points.
What happened there?
Looks like we're in for another big slide.
Nobody knows.
It's just it's kind of like going sideways, down sideways.
You know what I mean?
It's an hooding pattern, but on a downward spiral.
Kind of like our lives.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
Just for a couple of shoes with you.
And I want to obviously have money on the other side of this.
I don't want to be worried.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
I'm going to disagree with you, but I really don't cover statements.
First of all, on the 10,700 or 11,000 whatever, under voted ballots in Miami.
Yeah.
You know, there's also in the total amount of the state was over 100,000 under voted ballots.
And for the country, there's over a million.
Yeah.
So are we going to start counting all of those as well?
Now, you don't understand that the Bush people had a right.
In fact, they got hand recounts in six different counties.
They picked up almost 100 votes in Seminole County.
I think it was 98, 100 votes in Pearl County.
And the Democrats had a right to have those votes counted.
And they requested specifically hand counts in Seminole, Palm Beach, Browdy, and Dade counties.
They had a right.
They had a legal right to have all of those votes counted.
There was both other than the two times they ran through the machine and they would have counted
because the machine couldn't read them.
They've never been counted even once.
The Republicans are going to be over 100,000 or 120,000 to be exact for the whole state.
So then why did the Republicans refuse?
Well, I'm dealing with the whole country.
Now, it's a different, but not a whole country isn't at this field.
The state of Florida is going to decide the election.
But when you see the mess and you were on a fabricating in the future, you go to a popular vote,
when you see the mess that we're going to have right now, if you had a popular vote, or a million,
you would have to say, no, not if we had it because I also at the same time believe that's the only should we have a popular vote.
We shouldn't be doing paper ballots anymore.
It should all be computerized.
There isn't any reason in the world where we should be counting ballots three and over three weeks after the election.
All right.
Now, the next thing is about this.
Because you agree with that, can we agree on that?
That this is not the way to hold an election even for God's justice.
Absolutely.
We have the technology to do it, and they utilize it in parts of California, so the other Northwestern states,
and now there's mailing in the ballot like an Oregon.
Yeah, it's computerized.
That's all the results go to the potential terminal.
And I believe they press a button when the appores are closing that space.
Here's the total for you.
That's it.
I think we have to re-revaluate that in the due, upgrade your election system.
Because you know what ours I do. Nobody's ever really going to know who won the selection.
Well, you got to agree with that.
You're probably right.
You're probably right.
But one other thing.
This kind of piece of this wine who calls every day, or we call it that about the seminal friend.
Yeah.
The Democrats in that same county sent out their absentee dollars with the numbers on them.
What time?
Where did he come up with that?
It was a thing.
It was a thing.
It's a thing.
He's got to be balanced with the numbers out on the head time.
No, not the ballots.
The operations.
They had the numbers out before the symposium.
They did the same thing.
And where did you just make that up?
Did Washington make it?
I don't know.
I mean, North, maybe.
No.
No, it was on the new right side.
I'm what news?
I believe it.
Yeah, I'm a family seat.
And yesterday, you see, okay, I'm calling them up right now.
I'm calling up for Chris Matthews.
You can trust him.
No.
I'm not.
Yeah.
What the hell are they voting for?
You got to understand that.
I was like, I'm a throwing jail.
Why are you throwing jail?
Why are you throwing jail?
I think I'm all in jail.
I mean, do I believe with this guy just?
Oh, it's like the guy that called it.
Don't you remember the day the guy was calling about how the ballots aren't secret and they
have like a little computerized code on it?
And I bought it right away because people can call up and say anything.
I haven't voted in about 100 years up until I came up with my luck.
My luck.
This is the time I decided to vote.
With my luck.
I'll pull the day in and this goes to Shorius speaking of our luck here in Florida.
Stop and think about this.
Which of these events, which of these go test disastrous ongoing things was the most compelling to you?
This score was actually 98 out of 150, 55.3%.
That's a shock to crap out of me.
OJ trial only 28, 18 and a half percent, early on 13, 8.6% and monocogate only 11, 10%.
Now the thing that's most astonishing about that is we picked the foremost sensational, overdone,
over a hype event of the last, I don't know how long, so I guess since the assassinations of the 60s.
Now since the water game.
So that's almost 30 years.
And three of them have a Florida connection.
OJ, don't you live here now?
Oh, yeah.
Bush go election isn't just like I told you election morning.
Isn't this where the decision is all hanging in the balance?
Yeah.
Early on, didn't that all happen here?
And if we just get monocogate down here to give a few more jobs, we can make it a clean sweep four from four.
Oh!
Oh, the Florida lawmakers are considering a special session to pick electors.
Over our dead body, okay?
They got some frickin' nerve, the Florida legislature.
See, this is their ace in the hole now.
If they couldn't steal it by hook or by hook by, by dumbing up enough votes,
and if the count doesn't come out the way they want, well, you know what they'll do,
they'll just go in the court at the last minute, even if all the other issues have been resolved.
And they'll say, okay, well, we're going to file another suit to make sure that you can't possibly come up with a resolution by December 12th.
And we'll have more litigation pending, and at that point, the legislature can say,
well, there's still litigation pending that hasn't been resolved, so therefore we're going to appoint our split of 25 Bush electors.
And then that's going to have to go to the US Supreme Court.
This thing, this may never end.
And you want to have to say to that?
I'll lie!
Good.
Maybe we'll be saved after all.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Yeah, Harniel.
Yes, sir.
Oh, okay.
Just want to talk about a couple things.
You had to call her while back saying that those ballots, before it all says that you can't only the voter can touch the absentee ballots.
I guess it's in Pinellas County, but the problem is the question at hand is not has nothing to do with the ballots itself.
It has to do with the application to obtain the ballots.
What happened was in order to obtain an absentee ballot, you have to send out an application requesting it,
and there was a piece of information missing which was the voter's ID on it, and that was hand put in there.
But nobody touched the ballot.
Once that application was filled out correctly, the ballot was sent to the voter, and they voted like everybody else had received an absentee ballot,
and they voted like everybody else had went up to a poll.
So what they're trying to do is eliminate votes.
I mean, they're saying that every vote counts, they're eliminating votes that were at the gas by the individual.
That case is where the Black Lady Georgia Federal tell us, is she going to decide that one?
Yeah.
Now, the other thing about the 10,700 votes in date counting, I wasn't observer the first day.
They were counting by precinct numbers, starting from 1 to 913 is the number precinct.
I mean, they're 600, but they're numbered from 1 to 900.
And all the precincts that they counted were from the beach, which the beach starts from 1 to 50, and then you add over count, you add Opalaka.
They hadn't gotten to precinct, when you get to precinct 305, that's in Miami Lakes.
From then on, you get Little Helena, you get Weshester Kendall, or was not good.
I mean, he had only got 151 votes and very heavily democratic precinct.
So now the resolution is going to be soon, man.
No, no, I'm saying, if you actually count over under votes, they were extrapolating that if you counted them, everything that I've read is that most of the under votes are from the places that you mentioned first are from overtown and Liberty City and from...
There was a lot of under votes from Little Helena because a lot of people were voting for the first time.
A lot of dumb green toothed Cubans, right?
Well, I mean, they were voting for the first time.
Look, we can argue about where they were from, the fact is, what would have been wrong, David Leahy is the figure in the word pile.
Once they started, they should never have stopped. They should have gone through a lot of...
Well, if we all were in Denver, we wouldn't have to be sitting here discussing this today. I mean, wouldn't it be nice to know what the number was?
Well, what happened was, and if you also look at the transcript, when they voted on counting, the Democrats wanted just to count up the under votes.
And the head of the judge, I don't remember his name, the head guy there.
And he basically said, you know, he asked a lawyer from the county, can they only do the under votes?
And then they looked at the statue, and the statue says, when you start to recount, you must count all the ballots of the county.
And then he basically, on the record, said, well, you know, that's clear.
We cannot count just the under votes. You have to count all the votes. What happened then that day that they had the protest?
You mean the day that they had the organized protestors who were shipped in, that were screaming and carrying out the protestors?
Yeah, okay. What happened was...
We think it was documented now, by the way.
Okay. What happened was, they started...
They were looking at the under votes. We were counting the regular ballots that were passed.
The observers on the table were counting the regular ballots. They were just handling the under votes.
They had done through a machine count, and they had a program that could pick out the under votes.
Okay. And then set it aside. They only did 500 precincts. They hadn't done all the rest.
So they decided that day that they were going to...
Even though he had set it on the record that you can't do that, he basically just changed their minds and said, well, we're only going to count to 10,000 under votes.
Then they had to go back up to the counting room and run the rest of the precincts through.
Okay. Let me interrupt you for one second. Because we had a guy yesterday that called him an unknowledge for the crap.
It was saying that there were no Republicans or...
Well, that's what I'm getting at. What happened was, they had to do two things at the same time.
So David Lee, he had... or Leaky, whatever the name had to be.
He had to be present before the Supreme Court deadline. So they decided to go upstairs, run the machines, because he had to be present.
And at the same time, just look at the ballots. But then they're violating Sunshine Law because the law says that you need to have...
You need to have an observer from one side and an observer from the other.
And they decided to do it outside the media, presence outside...
Now, you're talking about the hand-counting of the machine ballots.
No, I'm talking about the... They were doing both.
Because...
Well, just one of you are talking about. They were saying that we're doing both without any evidence.
They were doing it. That's what happened. That's the reason they stopped the hand-count. David Lee, he said,
I can't be at two places at the same time.
Well, sure. It was convenient that we had all those educators...
Well, basically, I mean, you're violating Florida Sunshine Law. You have to... on the floor of law.
But you know something that's... I'll take what you say on the face of it. It's well and good.
But the fact is, when they say it again, once they started counting, just like Howard, look what happened.
Well, then I should have filed all the ballots.
Howard changed their mind two or three times.
Right. And finally, when they decided to do it, they went through our right to you.
They were day and night and thanks to everybody...
And guess what? They got done in plenty of time.
And here's the total... And is there any dispute about Howard today? The answer is no.
This is 560, QAF 2S from a Neil Roger show.
Sports radio. 560, QAF.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I've been on this diet for two months now, and I've already lost 22 pounds, man.
It's the ultra-blow-fast diet.
If you got IEDA, ultra-blow-fast meal for breakfast and one for lunch, and five minutes later, I'm blowing chunks really fast.
No wonder I'm losing weight. And then I sit down to a sensible dinner.
And all I have to do is think about the ultra-blow-fast, doing the gatherer, and I lose my appetite right away.
Ultra-blow-fast, blow-chunks real fast.
27th of November, 560, QAF.
We got Hank from up at 2.
Gelly on game night from the Hard Rock Cafe, 6 o'clock tonight.
Her accruans at the Panthers, 7 o'clock pregame, game time at 730, and EKF at the hockey game.
New Mexico elections officials yesterday issued a conditional certification of Al Gore's winner in that state's presidential contest.
pending a final review of disputed ballots in one county.
Guess who's disputing the ballots?
The Republicans.
No, you get that up.
The rich people.
The same people who say,
Where, where, what you're crying about?
Soillusionment.
Where?
They're crying about in New Mexico.
I'm waiting for you how stupid this is.
The state-candising boards said Gore's 483 vote margin would not be certified for the mall Thursday.
After a judge in Roosevelt County can review the status of 570 disputed ballots that were not counted for either candidate.
Republican said the 10% under vote in Roosevelt County was significantly higher than another New Mexico County than asked for another check.
Where's the check?
But you do understand, keep the math in mind.
There's 570 disputed ballots.
Where's the head by 483?
You know how many votes of the 570 bush would have to win?
To overtake the 483?
About 530.
I think it's like 527-28.
About 530 at a 570 vote.
Is there any chance it's going to happen?
Oh, is there a time and chance in hell that's going to happen?
No.
But just to be on the safe side, they still want to recount.
Oh!
For New Mexico's big fat 5 electoral vote.
So like I said, a million times when the shoes and the other one thing that they all say.
If the circumstances were exactly reversed, if it was Goya hit by 537 votes in Florida, you can bet your bottom dollar.
They would be screaming and hollering and carrying on just the same way that Democrats are doing right now.
There is absolutely no difference.
And one thing you must keep in mind.
They hate each other like poison.
It's not just bush against gourd.
That is, it's the bush people.
It's baker and channy.
And all the poppabushes people against Clinton gourd.
I mean, Goya's small potatoes.
It's the 8 years of bubble.
It's bubble that they hate.
That's why we had to spend $70 million of your taxpayer money and flush it down the toilet with penis gait and travel gait.
And every other guy named Gaita Kedda that they try to come up with.
And still couldn't make it work.
White water and black water and brown water from the canals and ants to them.
Yeah, from my spill-level toilet.
They hate each other like poison and don't ever forget it.
Here's your field. Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
The one thing we have going for is that David Boyz is on a hot, a roll with his litigation.
Yeah.
I don't know if you know this.
He won this tremendous class action and he trust law so he gets sort of these encroachies about three, four months ago.
Where he just completely kind of hold all world upside down where you know broke up in an opal.
Right.
You have someone who was just a brilliant brilliant.
And don't forget Bill Daisy brought that magic to his knees too.
So, you know, we he is on a tremendous role in that so it's continuous and you know, you've got to play a little if you have anyone to play to.
You know, I'm still good.
That's right.
Yeah.
And one guy called somebody a puff guy.
5.67.05.60.
Look at the fact the fact that they're just playing in here.
Look at this.
Just crap and more crap.
Oh, look at us.
The Dutch as they continue moving light years ahead of our society.
The Dutch takes steps to make assisted suicide legal as opposed to like the Bush people.
Remember the comment he made around the debates?
Out of them.
Nothing but the comment about assisted suicide, you know, about helping the elderly to end their lives premature.
They're all as bullcrab.
So that's all I care about.
Is the unborn fetus and the old people that want to die.
So that's the only life that they care about.
Anything in between that it's like, yeah, who cares?
Big joke.
War makers in the Netherlands often in the vanguard of European social change voted yesterday.
Their nation, the first in the world, or Dr. assisted suicide is legal.
A youth in Asian law under what it's too bad because this fax didn't come out right.
There's worth missing.
Under which the considered something dying person to put an end to his days is granted.
Has there something else in the mature side?
Isn't it going to be great if I had the rest of that page?
Maybe somebody will refax it to me.
A patient will have to make the request voluntarily when a sound mind and independent and said it or so on.
Doctors are not supposed to suggest suicide as an option.
But if they want it, well, there you go.
See, those people are civilized, not the people, the government.
People are going to barbarians in the root and obnoxious in their food sucks, but I've been mad.
It's a great country.
Well, I think it's good though that I point those things out because I'm not going to go in with the rose colored glasses on.
No doubt it's going to be rose.
Now, she won't call that.
No.
She would just like rub it on her cheek.
Any way.
Yeah.
You're not fooling anybody.
Okay, sweetheart, you're not fooling anybody.
All these beards that you're wasting all that money on.
You could be far flying for his class on a real airline instead of wasting money.
Slap on all these beards around.
We know you're calling around on your hands and knees and looking at glory halls and hanging out in the guy named Dark Room at the Adonis.
There's nothing wrong with that.
224 new and at 5.50 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAL.
Get the best of Neil Rogers.
2000.
That's a plan, Sarah.
Just go to expect some music store near New York.
QAM.com on the net.
The best of Neil 2000 with great hits.
Like, sell power gems.
We got a new nose.
That known and passed many lives.
And who could forget the Neil Rogers keychain with great sound defense?
Like, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the American fucking way.
Those timeless classic.
The best of Neil Rogers.
2000.
On sports radio 5.60 QAM.
That was a two hour blow shot.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, honey?
This is Bill Clinton, the president of the United States.
This is my state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls in some of their work.
30, huh?
But Bill, he's here to tell you about girls.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and wear the white pants.
The women did made their own new much less.
Wow.
Let's take your sweat, baby.
Wow.
Thank you so much.
So, Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That known and passed many lives.
A pop-up.
Well, you got the word.
Got it.
You got the touch.
Now, I'm getting wrong.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't keep me warm.
That's my man.
Oh, come on.
Let's go to the dress, baby.
I'm going to give her number one for you.
She had a tape recorder, but she kept on her phone.
And after she ate steak, she was very the moment.
She got herself the wife, oh, and tell me, talk.
But she still has a Broadway ever.
Hockey and putt.
Wow.
That was a good show.
Wow.
That was a good show.
Wow.
So, when the trip got some surgery, that known and passed many lives.
Well, you got the brain, but you got the touch.
Now, I'm getting wrong.
Yeah, I'm playing the girl.
But that won't keep me warm, and I'm never the night.
That's another question they make.
I'm going to give her your number one.
Yeah, I'm going to give her number one.
A big, chunky girl with a bird on the right.
That damn jazz dress, nearly for a little light.
Well, secret mating, she's a must.
Call it no.
I could have told Wil Chamberlain how to score.
Wow.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
Wow.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
Wow.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
That was a good show.
1981 노래� Ringuana trying to do with downloads of paradise in a archeology restaurant.
1981 노래� Ringuana trying to do without downloads of paradise in a archeology restaurant.
1970 fretboard
1981, I was born nearly 50 years old.
I was born almost 50 years old.
GOOD THE FIT
Lewis Decapit Burritos
supplements
392
48atenosh
I love you.
Like you hear this.
From the Boston Globe.
Now that Hillary Clinton has been elected as New York's new US senator, how about this
for still more dazzling follow-up, Bill Clinton is the next mayor of New York City.
A rumor has been floating around for a few weeks that President Clinton wants to assume
expires.
Mike King has shot at running in the city's November 2001 mayoral election.
Yesterday the idea took on added conversational value of not actual currency when it appeared
as the main item in New York's political gossip column in the New York Post.
White House spokesman Jake Surt asked about his de-romor at his daily press conference
replied, he already has the second toughest job in America so why would he want to first?
Hillary Clinton appearing on ABCTV's Good Morning America to promote a new book about the
White House laughed off the notion.
That's not going to happen, she said.
My husband is looking forward to a change of pace in a different kind of life.
Never the last idea of both Clinton serving New York is there is this very exciting for
many people here.
Even Peter Vellone, speak of the city council's announced his own intent to running from
air city yesterday.
They would be New York's ultimate power couple.
I hope he runs from air Boston instead.
A top aid in one of the democratic hopefuls of why it's not to be identified said he wins
in a heartbeat New York City loves him.
How do you like that?
I say blow jobs for everybody in New York.
Here's the fact that says after and we already have been through this but it can never hurt
to because it's confusing.
After massive absentee ballot fraud during the 1998 Mining Mayor's race, anybody remember
that one?
The Florida legislature passed a statute making it illegal to request an absentee ballot
for a third party unless you are in his immediate family or his guardian.
Violation of this law is a third degree felony.
There it is, plain and simple.
We have had that on before.
George had it on while I was on vacation.
I'm reading it too because somebody was nice enough to fact that as a reminder again,
that's the law.
Violation is a third degree felony as it move an F.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
All right.
Few things I want to point out how damn you are.
If you want to press conference here, they have a knife claim.
He's a victim.
He goes, well, me and Rick has now acquired Florida's electoral votes to give us the needed
requirement.
Then he was trying to do the damn math in his head, right?
He realized he didn't know how much he actually had with Florida's 25th.
And he goes, well, give us the needed electoral votes.
Yeah.
Did anybody catch that by a chance?
Yes sir.
He was so busy looking petrified and terrified and just started looking ghostly.
And another thing, this might not be so anti-ambortion after all.
This way.
Hello?
I want to think sir.
He's about to have that flag in town, have another abortion.
Okay.
All right.
And what do we do?
From what we hear, we'll be the first one in his head is a fingering.
5.6705.60, 05.560.
Moreeen Douds got a great column with several people that thanks to me.
I guess I might as well read it tonight because it's so damn good.
Choose the best.
President-elect question mark, many of me has not yet started knowing on his cat as the
Austin Powers many needed to hear us.
Mr. Bigel's worth, but W is starting to weird me out.
Why is that kind of sort of chief executive development on his own totem pole?
We move that as political man, he's told them stuff only on a need to know basis.
But now that the guy is second to way from the White House, we learn that his hand goes
deal with him on a need not to know basis.
Last week in Austin, I wanted to be president George Bush, many to a clone of president
George Bush, happily told reporters that Dick Cheney had had no heart attack.
The hospital, the Cheney family, and Mr. Bush's press aide, Killing Hughes, knew that Mr. Cheney
had that morning undergone a heart procedure, but Miss Hughes did not tell that to a boss
before he spoke so woesily and ignorantly about Mr. Cheney's condition.
When the election ended, Minimi was shocked that he's not one in a landslide.
His strategist apparently had failed to inform on the things were getting tight, just as they
had in the burden that he was cratering in Mouhamshire.
Did they not trust him of the information for him he might get cranky?
President's could dangerously insulated in the White House, but this boys in a bubble
before he even gets to the overbubble.
Sure, Al Gore, aka Monsieur Tussaud, is an insufferable maniac for detail who hits delegating
his engineering every move in Florida.
Like A-Had, he so consumed with absurd attempts to prove he's actually one Florida by nine
votes, their one friend described him to the AP's Sonya Suburrage as a lost soul.
But Minimi seems lost because he isn't consumed enough of nailing down and planning his presidency.
The grown-ups keep sending him off to play.
They know he doesn't like messes, so he doesn't do serious stuff well, and he can't follow
up answers except to refer reporters to James Baker, his manchurian operator.
So it's best to let him go fool around at the ranch or go to the gym for three hour workouts
while they take care of complicated stuff like the Supreme Court and the Trump Laurel
Friends, as shown while they try to restore Poppy's White House to its original glory,
as lovingly as though it weren't the Vinci's last supper.
The usual case would have been for Dick Cheney to go to all the funerals and George
goes through all the works as Rahm Manu will perform a Clinton advisor,
but it's turning out the other way around.
Cheney needs a patient's bill of rights.
Mr. Cheney was the most reluctant of campaigners, but now we're in the Cheney ascendancy.
The boy's team hurried him out of his hospital by the microphone because they know he sounds reassuring and mature.
During the campaign, W had a swagger, a John Wayne gunfillinger pose, but now when it comes out to face the cameras,
he blinks and shrinks, looking tremulous and frightened, dwarfed by American flags.
He struggles to exude authority.
He froze his brow, trying to look more surgesious, but he ends up looking as if he has ended Jessin.
A parent confused at his own speech, he seems like a first-grade actor in a production of James and the Giant Peach,
on his blanks' most code for all men don't let that telepompid break.
Republicans sang willingly compared him to Ronald Reagan, but at least President Reagan had a gift of reassurance before the camera.
It's telling that CNN's Candy Coley, who covers the Texas governor, is not only better on TV, but much harder working and better informed than their subject.
Karen Hughes tried to make Minnie me appear statesman like by saying that while no foreign leaders had called it congratulated W,
he had placed a call to King Wai's Lake Facetti Fox on his upcoming unclouded inauguration as President of Mexico.
Whatever he seems, Callo, W cleaves to his friendly neighbors to the South to show international flair.
As the yesterday why Minnie me had retreated yet again to the wake of a ranch, Ms. Hughes said it was a tranquil place,
or it's easy to do some thinking and reflecting.
Nice try, Minnie me is not proud in the brambles. W does not seem to grasp that the President can't delegate the President to itself,
of course his age might not have told him that yet.
Why it's marine doubt in the times.
Nice going, Marine.
Oh, oh, God.
567 or 565, 0560 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Wine, 207 votes on our poll today, which of these events was most compelling to you?
The brisk rule of election 150, 125, about a 207, 60.3%.
OJ trial only 45, 21.7%.
Alien only 19, 9%, and Montecary and penis gate only 18, 8.6%.
So obviously because this is going on right now, these people are very short memories.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Good.
I think once they passed that all.
Oh, hey, man, Joe Lieberman and I'm CNN's working live at 9 o'clock tonight after they finish off the hall of awe.
I'm sure you go ahead.
I think that once they passed that law, we should get the chaining a one way ticket to the Netherlands.
What do you think?
Now, not a bad idea. I think he needs some assistance.
Any help?
It looks like from a Marine Dodge column that I just read.
Maybe the brisk people are helping hand right on the ground.
And will all help.
I did hear I was watching a horrible last night and I did hear something about the request the Democrats had.
The Republican Congressmen said there was a computer glitch and that's why they didn't have their loader ID now.
The numbers printed on the ballot and the Democrats did.
And that's just the technicality and the vote.
Well, one of the first of all wasn't the ballots or the applications that they're talking about, not the ballots themselves.
Right. The applications.
Yeah.
They put that on their head of time.
Well, you don't confuse them with the fact that they were, what I'm going to say, they can't.
Just watch them. They already did it.
Well, that's what they were saying.
Yeah. Who knows.
Who knows what we're hearing is true or not.
Well, you just wait till that blackboard up there that judge him, Nalian County.
She's going to straighten their ass out on that, those 47 on the ballot.
We're in doubt for all of us.
Okay.
Have a great thing.
What do you say to anybody who knows what he said?
He's been watching too much or all though.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line out of town.
Open line.
Let's go. They don't give a crap.
Overgoing off in five minutes or anywhere for an hour.
8777856345.
Here's Pompato Beach. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Listen, you know, Bush started this thing.
I get support in Florida.
By saying we have separation of powers.
And this was an administrative manner.
What the, what the legislative body or anybody starts holding on to power long after they,
they shouldn't.
The courts have had to step in.
I would like to remind Governor Bush or anybody else that they care to pursue this.
That in recent years very important things.
The courts have overturned what the legislature has done.
Yes.
That start with Brown versus Florida education.
Yes.
For instance, yes, it started with that.
Uh-huh.
Now, within the state of Florida, one man won vote.
Did that come to South Florida and to one person won't be able to, of course.
Until 1967.
Uh-huh.
Where the, where the people that won 66 or inches were even thrown out and had to re-aura.
Uh-huh.
People.
Okay, well, and take two and call me in the morning.
This is 560 QAF.
Start licking.
Okay, trouble one at 560 WDQM. Happy Wednesday to you.
Experts say seminal suit won't jail gourd.
But this, this article I appreciate all these taxes coming in.
Kind of clarifies the situation with those absentee ballot and the application for same in central county.
A loss for the QAF is seminal county supervise of election sandy gourd of voter fraud, a phone that could send it to prison for five years.
But is she likely to be prosecuted?
No, say prosecutors in legal experts now.
And at this point, it doesn't appear as if anyone wants to prosecute it.
Jonathan Abbey, one of the attorney's suingress, says the goal is not to send gourd to prison.
It's to repair the damage done as soon as, uh, to ask that all 15,000 seminal absentee ballot be thrown out.
Chris White, chief of operations at the state attorney's office in seminal said Tuesday that a criminal complaint has not been filed against gourd and based on his reading of the law, he's not sure what law she broke.
Gourd's attorney, Donna McIntosh, called the allegations outrageous and unfounded.
Under state law, it's illegal to buy or sell absentee votes.
It's illegal to mark someone else's absentee ballot.
It's also illegal to ask for an absentee ballot if he not to voter a member of his or her immediate family.
No one is accusing Gourd of anything like that.
The suit filed November 17 by Longwood Democrat Harry Jacobs accusers are following a GOP employee and a G of rather of allowing a GOP employee and a GOP volunteer to work out of her office for forms.
The forms were supposed to include voter identification numbers.
The GOP operatives wrote in those numbers on several thousand requests.
When Gourd first received the cards, she rejected them saying the missing numbers made them invalid.
However, she mailed out the ballots once they had been fixed.
The law suit alleges it was the GOP not the voters that was requesting the ballots.
Gourd has accused of sending absentee ballots to voters who didn't request them.
I certainly don't think this is the criminal century by any stretch of the imagination.
And imagination said Joseph W. Little Professor of Law at the University of Florida's Leaven College of Law.
Bush ought pulled Gourd 10,000 and fixed to 52.09 among the absentee voters in seminal.
If all of them were shown out, that would give Gourd 48,000 vote bounce enough to win the White House.
The case was transferred money to a Tallahassee with not pending its dates or if it court.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement and Agency that investigated many voter fraud claims reports that most cases that result in the rest set around vote buying.
For example, five supporters of a Lafayette County Commission candidate were convicted of trying to buy votes in 1984 for $25 in a bottle of whiskey.
I wonder who those people were when they were trying to...
The last major vote fraud case in Florida was the 1997 Mimeo Race.
Some 57 people were charged, four went to jail, many defendants were accused of voting by absentee ballot even though they didn't live in Miami.
And some of them didn't live anywhere.
Yeah, because they were dead.
Okay, thanks for factoring to that.
Also, here's the new and improved facts on the Dutch story.
Lawmakers in the Netherlands offered an extreme vanguard of European social change voted yesterday to make their nation the first in the World War Dr. Assisted Suicide is legal, a euthanasia law, which is considered the wish of a dying person to put an end to his days as granted has its place in a mature society that suggests this minister Ben Corpill said.
Never seen a euthanasia, I guess, if you went to Thailand.
Meeting in the hagged members of the lower House of Parliament voted 104 to 40 legalize euthanasia, provided strict guidelines are observed.
Approved by the upper chambers considered assured because parties in favor of the legislation hold a comfortable majority.
In effect, the legislature is merely giving its blessing to the status quo since 1993, positions in the Netherlands haven't been prosecuted for giving legal, illegal, or legal address the pace to help them commit suicide, although doing so has remained a crime that carries a prison sentence up to 12 years.
The legislation will contribute to the Netherlands' renown as either a haven of individual liberty and progressive thinking or a society losing its moral unruppendings depending on one's point of view.
Dutch lawmakers, for example, have also legalized homosexual marriage a decision personally deployed by Pope John Paul II.
An Amsterdam meanwhile, coffee shops legally summoner want to cigarette and hallucinogenic mushrooms and constitutes openly struck their stuff in the windows of all houses along some canals.
Under the new legislation, a position would have to last obtained that a person was suffering unbearable and irremediable.
What is it? Irremediable physical or mental pain from an incurable condition, in other words, they were dying over there.
The patient would also need a second opinion and the diagnosis would have to be certified by regional commissions on which yet more doctors sit.
And best part of it, they would have to be a sound mind and so on.
It also says the doctor would have to know the patient well, they would have to exclude terminally ill Americans or other foreigners who might come to the Netherlands and help find any release from their suffering.
They don't want outsiders coming there to die.
How do you like that?
There's no museum of key.
Okay, 560.050.560, on the 18th, Verizon Wireless Line.
That's right. In this public hearing that goes on for two hours, people are most of them have been speaking the ginseng the legislature is stepping in.
But they have also heard from experts over the past two days who have argued that they have absolute power under the Constitution to step in, call a special session and name their slate of electors to be sent December 12th to Washington.
So they'll.
Yeah.
Okay, let's take a call in.
Mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Well, yes, I know.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I have. This is why I've got some very interesting news about the special session.
They're fighting.
Uh, things they have a problem.
The problem is according to the original 1800s law is that for a special session to elect a quarter of electors, it requires a signature of the governor.
Well, I know that I was just just imagine a governor signing this declaring his father as president.
So here's what they plan to do.
I think he's the secretary of Bush to instead.
No, they are they plan to pass a new law.
What they plan to include is have a special session.
They're going to update the law so that the governor does not have to find the bill and then they're going to allow it to wait on the governor's desk for seven days so that automatically sends the law.
Yeah, how can they do that?
I mean, talk about changing the rules in the middle of the game.
That's what the Republicans keep saying.
How can they do that?
They're going to change the law.
That's what they're planning on doing.
Yeah, I came up seeing them.
What did I tell you?
A bloodless crew man.
That's what's going on right now.
A bloodless crew right in front of your eyes.
Isn't that something that's what they're planning on doing?
Thanks for the good news.
Looking at my passport and my pocket right now and I'm squeezed at as tight as I can.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the 18th day and Verizon wireless line.
And we got people out there that believe and if our Michael's really said that about Catherine Harris to choose what was it?
He's a hero and American hero and he's an asshole.
Yeah, just pick up the football.
Okay, big mouth must be a big shot.
Here's Tallahassee.
Hello?
Neil, George, how you doing?
Okay.
Good. I've got some news for South Florida Democrats.
Bush will win the election so bend over and take it like a man.
You have any idea how long this guy waited on hold for that?
That caused him down there for like almost an hour from Tallahassee.
And that's one of the Bush people.
Yeah, bend over and take it like a man.
Talk like the voice of experience to me.
Yeah, I took the words right out of my mouth.
Uh-huh.
Is it?
Get me something right out.
Yeah.
Guess somebody else must be paying his phone, but you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Even his passport and his 560WQM.
Neil Rogers show sports radio 560 QAM.
What the hell did you do to you?
I don't know.
You're the hippie no good.
Oh, you go back to jail.
Now, who'd be that other smooth man who takes your money?
I don't know.
Then let me tell you something, girl.
You could have given that money to me.
I did not pay and I am out of the incense.
If you were not so stupid, I would pay for around chicken bones and conserect the spirit of estero.
Oh, God, you'd be so fine.
Help me experience the benefit of your credit card breathing and help subsidize the ever-growing telemarketing industry that cates to the uninformable for only 6.99 a second.
I will tell you what you want to hear and less than you already know.
Oh, now to get pleased.
Go to the day phone at your local cheque-aching store and dial 1-800.
Thank God, those old chimpanzees are the green teeth I know that, though.
I hope you're focused on anybody want to buy some magnet about magnet of bracelets?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18p.
And for how much capital bracelets?
Yeah, anybody that would do that.
Yeah, I think I think people would put magnetic insoles in their shoes.
People would hang dead chickens under their mizuzah.
Here's four Myers, how long?
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, with my looks I can pass and I can learn the goose step.
But I'm worried about you and the heaves over there.
You know who's pressed God's bush was?
Do I know who he was?
Yeah, George Herbert Walker's grandfather.
Yeah.
And he helped finance eight oxy at low through the Harrington banks.
Uh-huh.
You need to be aware of this.
Uh-huh.
Because they're going to be watching guys like you.
Okay.
Okay.
I hope you have a good time.
Thanks.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
They're going to be watching guys like you.
They're already on the moon.
I'll tell you those people that you got over there on the west coast.
I mean, you really got to say something.
Where are they?
Where are they cranking them out?
What kind of factory they got where they're stamping them out?
5.670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Plenty of open lines now all of a sudden.
There must be all turn over to what's his name.
So they can get the real objective you point of all this good stuff that's going on.
I frankly looking forward to going to hockey game tonight and getting away for three hours
from all this crap.
See, I'm just in shock over the result of this pull today.
I'm glad that I took it.
What's at these events was most compelling to you.
This Bush go election 133, OJ 1249, Alien on 23, and Monica Slash,
penis gate, only 21.
I just don't get that.
I don't understand it.
Just like I don't understand why anybody voted for Bush.
And you know something?
And this is this was before the election when we were sitting here,
you know, puking our guts out.
And now an election day and then days and nearly afterwards.
And now since I've come back from vacation,
it's still having one person telling why they voted for Bush.
Not one.
Here's Kruppler City.
Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got a couple of things I want to talk to you about.
You know, I've been listening on the TV.
They're saying that whoever bows out gracefully this time will be in the position
for the next election for years.
Yeah, I mean, is it, huh?
Yeah.
Well, I just have them to say I voted for Al Gore because I'm a yellow dog.
But I think you ran the most pathetic campaign you've ever seen in the election.
Absolutely correct.
First of all, he doesn't understand what it means to attack.
And he didn't attack this guy.
How about the nice job that Lee Raman did attacking the Cheney when he sat back
like they were having a social.
When he offered him a couple of bagels.
And how about like a couple of, like a day or so before the election,
I mean, Glorgette's a difficult, that Bush has been convicted of a DUI.
And he does not use that.
Uh-huh.
I mean, do you want this kind of guy in charge of the military?
They got sucked in by this home media thing about who is going to be the perceived as the attack dog.
Who is going to be perceived as the mean guy?
Which of course was all a pile of crap.
And what needed to be done was expose this guy for the moron and liar and the drunk that he is.
And it refused to do it.
And now the panel, which it points for.
Right.
And let me tell you, if Gord doesn't, doesn't win this election.
Yes, he probably won't.
I would not, I would not run him against Morton, Dowdy, Jr.
Right.
I would not have him walk the dogs of the Democratic line.
I would run him against Robert Dowdy, Jr.
I would really be upset with him.
And he has no future.
He doesn't want to think if he can't win with Bill Clinton in his, in his, in his camp.
If he can't win with the economy, the way it was.
If he can't do it like that, he, he doesn't know the way.
Okay, pal.
Well, thank you, that.
Okay, bye.
Oh, that was just Robert Dowdy, Jr.
He's not in trouble again, is he?
Oh, Christ.
What a surprise.
And that's Jim Kennedy, your sheet.
Ah.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless One.
So, the regular sites, you're looking at the possibility of picking electors.
Oh, yeah.
Over our dead bodies.
Here's Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing there?
Yes, sir.
I got a question for you.
First of all, is, uh, if that's the origin, is he still in the act, or is that, uh, for what he did, that's the, uh,
I think so.
Yeah.
All right, well, I got away to settle this whole thing.
We have a whole new debate.
And it's our first, good, good, uh, whoever can call the most lies, and borrows the most in the hours.
We're our new president.
Okay.
I'll let that.
And if he doesn't want to be cancered up, maybe you're using fillin.
56670560, Palm 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless One.
Dr. Jack, he's still a coolness, he doesn't?
I don't know.
Huh.
Something to think about.
Well, maybe he just started to get his passport.
He walked to Amsterdam, okay, and he could do practice over there.
I'm dying over here.
Yeah.
Here's a lady, Mublin, Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm one of the few females right here who have called today.
No, we don't have anyone.
Only only when it's, uh, ethnicade, then we can go with him.
Anyway, I am a die-hard Democrat.
I work on our doorstep campaign with a Democratic Party of Daytona.
The whole thing is making me sick thinking that this is a neat way to be our next president,
which, as you said, is probably going to happen.
However, what everybody is saying and what I think is going to happen is this obviously is going to be an illegitimate presidency.
The economy, as you see, is not reacting very well.
And I don't think it will be reacting well.
And sometimes, I think, well, it's just going to be a miserable four years.
Let it be under a damn Republican as opposed to a Democrat.
And speaking of the economy, I'm reacting very well.
One of the most bizarre and the most pathetic excuses I heard for, you know, speeding up the clock and calling it in the end of the game,
was when Baker, like days ago, was going on.
This was like the first day or two after the, you know, all the illegal stuff started.
And he comes down and says, oh, well, the world markets are not reacting well, and they're in jeopardy with all the uncertainty.
And therefore, the stock market's taking it up.
So therefore, hurry it up and just give it to us.
Well, the world market, the world market has been doing well for months.
Look at the Europe.
This has nothing to do with that.
I mean, that's ridiculous, which shows you the way the Republican states.
So not the election.
They want the election.
They will say anything to get this election.
And that's the way it is.
But I feel for Al Gore, and another thing I wanted to say is,
when I came home after working that night for the Democratic Party and then, you know,
casting off my vote down the Democratic line, when they announced Florida,
when it cost Florida for the Democrats, it was like 720p3, I think I remember.
750.
So, was that 15?
750, 10 and so late.
I think I was a little earlier than that.
I remember watching BroCon, it was like 720p3.
But what I saw was, number one, it was a little early.
Then I was a little strange.
But then, actually, helping, I thought they did this base upon exit polls.
Okay?
Clearly, if exit polls were correct,
and they probably work with them, probably can because of the morath that happened there,
we all know what resulted.
The exit polls were probably right.
And that's, I think, very important.
I don't think anybody's ever brought up.
They do decide specifically.
I brought it up many times.
I brought it up to the election.
Obviously, the exit polls were correct.
Obviously, the exit polls were correct.
You can't factor in fake ballots in the exit polls.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And my point is, the exit polls in New York, as you just said, the exit polls were correct.
And if the polls were correct, and if the exit polls were correct,
obviously, you know, the exit polls showed the role of the people.
They left the results, obviously, did not.
Okay.
Well, they still are fair and square.
Don't forget it.
Exactly.
Thank you very much.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
560, 720, 560, on the AT&T wireless line.
We got that caught up.
We got the black judge up there that brought.
We got the ball headed judge with all his jokes and lemurics and cornpone humor.
He's kind of good.
And we got the US Supreme Court.
And what we're actually going to get to here is an audio tape
when they finished the oral arguments.
Did he say oral?
Squared, squared.
Not that kind of oral.
But they finished the oral arguments.
They're going to be so bad at all.
Today, they don't want us to see them.
Because first of all, they don't want to see the fact that they're just as reckless words that read.
Instead of the black, they're like the other dishes.
He wears the red one with a swastika on the front.
And they don't want to see clearance.
Time is smoking on a duty.
And he's sitting there, deliberating all these things.
It would just not go over well.
You know, I tried to hump those Sandra Day O'Connor.
It just wouldn't look to, I don't know, judicial.
But we are going to get here in the audio tape.
Am I going to be listening to that?
No.
No way.
Just get it over with.
That's what I say.
Get it over with.
Get onto something interesting.
Which this is not.
Oh, you can't say that.
I just did.
I just did.
It's killing me.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
You're gay.
Wow.
That was great.
What a poor reading that was.
You're gay.
Yeah, you see the difference.
You can't even do it well.
Sure.
560, at 0560, 0560 on the AP and P. and Verizon wireless line.
Out of town, there's a door there.
That's the West Coast.
There's those those pickers over there.
George Roman Walker, Yahoo Preston Bush.
Preston Prescott Robinson.
We still haven't got a call about whether he's dead or alive.
Prescott Robinson.
How about Steve Billy?
Anybody know what he's dead or alive?
No.
Anybody care?
No.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
Here's a mobile and booker.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to ask you about something that I know that there's been some sort of war.
I lead for allegedly some sort of tampering with the Seminole County with their ballots there.
And I heard from this morning about, wasn't there a question of tampering with the ballots?
There was a question of the authenticity of the applications for the absentee ballots.
Okay.
Whether they really requested by real living and reading people, whether the Republican party just manufactured them,
and then filled them out and used them for a advantage.
Okay.
Now is that different that what happened in Martin County?
I heard a little bit about that on the radio this morning.
Did you hear anything about that?
No, somebody called about that.
What do you remember what they said about that?
I can't keep track of.
But what?
Okay.
What they have with the Martin County and I understand is that when people are sent in their applications to get the absentee ballots,
if they didn't have their voter ID number on there, the Republicans in that office threw a fitting independent and the Democrats.
That's the same thing as what happened in Seminole County.
Same thing.
Okay.
So I mean, I see this.
Now that judge that's up lost, who's going to be ruling on this.
If she rules in favor of, like, say the board team, and they take away 4,000 votes from the board.
Then the Bush people will appeal to the Florida Supreme Court, and I'll say, to them, and that'll be it.
And they do that before the 712th and overturn it.
Well, of course, she's hearing that right now.
That's going on as we speak.
They're having a hearing on that Saturday, I believe, on that one.
Okay.
Because it seemed to me, well, wasn't even yet to that.
Lawyer for the Democratic side, let's say, seems to have pretty good evidence.
So it looks like it's not over yet, then.
Well, that's our theme song, where the boys be.
That's the Democratic theme song in court this year.
And it seems to be working pretty good so far.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
I'm the AT&T Influenza Wireless Line.
I mean, those of you who really are keeping track of all of this, I commend you.
I mean, I was away for 10 days, and yes, it was on CNN, and on CMBC.
It was on my satellite dish over there, and I saw most of it.
But I just, I don't have the Constitution for it.
Not that Constitution.
And I just, especially with my IBS, with my grud and with all those others.
Although I do feel a lot better today.
Thank you for asking.
That's why I said it as soon as it came on air, because I don't know if it cared.
I mean, this is a town where nobody gives a crap.
So I came on and said, because I give a crap.
I feel a lot better.
And it was Greg had a smile on it.
A look at relief on his purse.
You know what's happened?
I've been running around since I came back yesterday and one of you know what's his name?
Yeah, I know, repair it.
Oh, he's still alive.
He looks like he might still live.
We can still look a little more like cash out of our cash cow.
I think Hank had his thumb on it yesterday.
I think being fat is not worth that, you know.
Being fat is not worth that.
You get all of these things.
All of these grotesque and you start pelching and you're crapin' and then you start splashing
real out in the water and on gets all upset.
Yeah, you know this is going to be on tape on those days.
I'm going to a house where lunch tomorrow.
And you know what I'm taking?
A bowling ball.
Yeah.
I'm just going to bring it in like in a case, you know, over.
I'm impulsively behind my back when I kind of like walk in sideways, my swish in sideways
into a front door.
Take it a bowling ball and drop it at baby right in the water.
Oh my God, I know it.
You're a crazy person, Mom.
You're crazy.
And don't be making no 30 course lunch tomorrow either, lady, because I got this, I do know
we're going to be okay.
I guess we won't be talking to our friends at Weenon, it's for a little while anyway.
5667, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
We got some open lines here for you.
We got 261 votes and up for you.
They're all whipped up about a fist.
Am I whipped up about it?
No.
I'm sick of it.
There's a guy, he sucks, okay?
Okay.
Get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking.
Check out that video.
He does so without nights, lady.
Oh gosh.
I think it's gone.
Oh God, he started it around.
Oh, and I'd like to give him an out for now.
Oh God, I'd like to save him.
Oh, look at this.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Oh gosh, look at the torso.
Game watch tonight.
1030 to 560, WQA and 5667, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos Line.
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Hey, what's going on, New York?
Yes, sir.
What's your father?
I don't know how he's using this.
I don't know if he wants that.
But he's still home.
That's the car one.
That's an ass, he's got an ass sample.
There's a car on the church.
Was he serious or what?
Well, he said it.
And if there's a case with Fribla, if there's Seminole County Law, which Fribla is the judge would have thrown it out?
I think it's time for the right now.
Okay, go again, he's gone back in.
You've got to take some value, man.
Every single day, before the election, during the election, the night of the elections, we at clock in the morning, this guy, you got a calm down, man.
Once the king always the king, but once the night's enough, that's what Bobby said.
God.
I think I'm playing some music here because it looks like we're peddling out on this today.
Maybe this whole thing is run out.
Even though on the floor, you think that this was like the beginning and end of all time.
Play some bad-tem music.
Yeah.
Oh, man, speak of that.
Speak of the music.
You know that little twirps, since you're so Britney Spears intent to roll out, will say, Billy Piper from England blows her away any day of the weekend, if you saw her, you'd agree with me.
But anyway, all of Britney Spears people out there who allegedly is going with that Justin from my instinct.
They have got, and the good news is over there in Europe, the back street boys are bigger than all hell, or the song is number one in a lot of places.
Instinct, you don't see.
Maybe once in a blue moon, very, very weak, which is good news.
But anyway, they have a new, they have two versions of their new video in state.
What is in Espanol?
And I had the image portion.
I think it was the last thing we were there to see the beginning of it.
This Justin, I think his name is Justin Timberlake, his medicine, floats like a butterfly.
He makes me look like Hercules.
Seriously, he makes Nick Carter look like Hercules.
That's what a food cake this guy.
And this guy is going, we believe he's doing Britney.
Yeah.
Right.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
That is a door now.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I think it's been absolutely great to all this.
George was awesome.
Yes, we are.
I agree, yes, from the very beginning, he said, you know, if you push winds, fine, just count and both.
But I think actually the people that stayed off down there in Dave County,
they stopped the voting.
But the interesting thing of it all is that, you know,
Are you suggesting voting corruption in Dave County said?
They think that, you know, the keeps saying, we'll go give up.
One's going to give up.
One's going to give up.
The interesting thing is that the push people will give up at nothing.
They will not stop at anything.
That's all I got to say.
That's why I keep saying, by hook or by crook, underline the crook part.
Just like Alan Dushewood said about the Secretary of Bush.
560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund.
See, the reason that my poll today is coming out the way that it is,
is the OJ thing and the Ileon thing too.
I think there were more women who were hysterical about both of them
because the women said, home and watch the OJ truck like a soap opera day after day.
And if you have even a reasonable memory,
you'll be called back in those days earlier this year when we actually had an audience,
where we had all these zillions of women calling.
And I mean one after another, all whipped up one more day,
they're about Ileon, Ileon, and mostly of course the Cuban haters.
They are bilingual crowd, the sandy patent and the leftovers.
But since we don't have those people listening anymore,
because we're not talking about something that has to do with their ethnic hatred,
we're not showing them up on the poll.
Because I'm sure that if they were being honest that the OJ and the Ileon thing
would far supersede in their minds the Bush-Gordial here, just soap opera.
Here's a mobile and cross-pring.
Hello?
Yeah, oh God.
Yes, sir.
You know, I agree with the caller if you call it that saying,
how the Democrats totally blew this whole thing.
I mean they could have buried this guy.
And they should have him.
That's embarrassing, that's how we say it.
Okay, number one, if they would have had two real candidates, that would have helped.
Yeah, well that would have helped too.
Yeah, the biggest thing that I really am in there is people bitch about this.
The way that we vote is so antiquated.
Yeah.
I mean that's what outrage is me.
I mean, I saw you and I had the only ones talking about that.
I didn't understand them.
The guy who invented the machine, who counts those votes, came out five years ago
and said that the machine is highly flawed.
Right.
And at the time they told them, oh no, no, no, it's fine.
Those machines hate to be thrown out.
There's too much error involved in that.
The idea that we should ever have another relusion of any significance in this country
using paper ballots of any of the other.
Oh, it's so honest, it's unacceptable.
It's a great test.
I mean, I voted in 1979 in Florence, Alabama in the middle of the South.
And I was in a booth, seeing over there, you pull a lever and you flip the switch.
Right.
It only vote for one candidate, you can pick your nose, no one saw you.
You flip the switch and you were done.
I mean, in Abigail that we have these stupid butterfly things, it's absolutely that outrage is me more than anything else.
The good thing is that Bush will get in there and we'll see what a moron he really is.
Yeah, but I already know that.
Well, I do too.
I can't believe that this country would have put this even further.
Well, we're still waiting for the first call from somebody to tell us why they voted for Bush.
We're still waiting for the first one and it's two weeks in the day after the election.
Well, I mean, I have friends that have got that voters for them because they feel that that's he's going to be good for their businesses.
Look at the economy, guys.
Yeah.
He ain't going to be.
Yeah, look at the stock market right now.
And then it looks like Bush is probably going to get in.
But look at where the NAS back is.
27, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
people. I freelance that a couple of days up in West Palm, those people that they hired
and some of the folks that showed up were really mean-spirited bush supporters. Right.
There was a... Isn't that redundant? Well, a good point. There was a... I talked to a woman,
a black woman up there with this poor soul, the only person up there of any color, really.
And she just... homemade, gore, and Lieberman deal gone. And these people are just
ragging on her like they won't quit. And I... And somebody says, hey, it's a free country
letter to speak. Everybody who's that person, it's awful. But what I'm getting at is,
why does George W. Carl is vice president, secretary, and he calls Jim Baker, Jim?
I mean, they're both secretaries, and they're both real powerful people that they're terrifying.
I mean, you were saying earlier, it's from the point... Maybe he and Jill are tighter.
Maybe they take showers together. Well, it's just like the... If you remember the whole
business of... at IOD with a stomping boots and we're off at the Middle East, then we're
along the top of the Bush administration to figure out what they were going for. Yeah.
But then it's got strength. They don't know what they're doing now except that they want it.
Yeah. And I was... And partying, I was saying that I actually spoiled my ballot in... in
got another one, and then I didn't even put it back in the slot. They just punched the numbers.
Really? Yeah. Because it... I want... Nobody has ever told me who made these ballots under
what contract with the state. They all didn't match. At least mine didn't end.
Hammer Act. So that's another thing that very few people are talking about is that a lot of these...
the machines that you stuck... you know, that you stuck the ballot in... they didn't match up
with the holes. No. No. And people are trying to make it out like, wow, you know, these
dimple chads, what kind of weaklings, what kind of moan. Well, the fact is that if it didn't
match up right, it wasn't going to get perforated all the way through. So that at all.
Do you have any idea how foolish I felt when I punched the number and I said,
that's not the guy I want. It might punch the second one. This is not going to work.
Yeah, but you're used to it. You used to work at IOD. Well, come on. Don't forget Tom.
So are the sucks. You got a big boy. I'll be right there. Now how's that Costa Rica?
Really? Yep. Okay. Have a good time. You bet. Say how to fill the bug man.
When you never told me the real story about fill the bug man, I guess you don't want to tell me.
I'll tell you off the air. Okay. That's what stays off the air.
See, you said that and Crayon Mines are going to want to know. Well, we'll see.
We don't know who he is. Yeah, they do.
The Neil Roger Show, New Sports Radio, 560s.
You have to push. I got to moan.
Well, I don't got to want this country to be run by one family. The bush is minus the
sheep. You won't fear a fair state. I throw the go.
Oh, wait. He's a little brother. He's going to pick it up.
Yes, a little brother. You can go to see.
I don't know what brother.
Really, there's got to stop the Dutchman that you are pushing.
Street seeds.
What?
Yeah.
Do you see that's not the cornered him a CBS even news and he said he got all of the
sponsors.
I mean, this thing is all over.
I mean you guys are gonna be gone and pack up all your cameras and I'm gonna have to be
here for another half of many years, what is it, two more years?
He's going to be governor here and believe me, it's only going to be two, Jeb.
Just make no mistake about that.
He's got two chances, none and much, much less than none.
Are you sure positive?
No chance.
Bye-bye, Jeb.
With or without Big Brother in there.
Of course, hey, that's another thing.
That's another reason I'm desperate to get Big Brother in there.
They don't have to worry about being governor, about being secretary of Bush, because they're
eliminating her position anyway.
Pro position?
Yes, she's going to be the ambassador and Jeb is going to be up there being some of
the big shots somewhere, you know.
The important.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm a first time caller and I just wanted to let you know that I survived a Thanksgiving
half of how with my radical Republican appearance.
Really?
Yes, I just drafted my state of the airport and we were able to talk about politics the
whole time, but yet they were able to talk about politics, give their views.
And I just wanted to let you know that these are the types of people that are behind George
the New Coalition, some of the radical ideas.
They make their opinion and they don't even know why.
They're like, you know, the blind, leading the blind, whatever comes out of the Republicans
mouth, they believe.
One of the things that they were really upset about is the fact that Justice Jackson was
down here helping the protest.
And he, my mother commented, she said, yes, Justice Jackson was never really a friend
of Martin Luther King.
She said, it got famous photo of Memphis with him.
And he was just hanging out there on the balcony just here by accident.
Yes, but was that photo?
Was doctor dead?
It was a third.
So he was added in later.
Yeah, well, why do you think they called him Dr. King?
That's all I need, space meal.
Okay, good luck, sweetheart.
I think.
I'm fucking needed.
How do you like that?
See, I've never been able to understand like James Carville, Mary Madeline, that thing,
how people who are not just friends, but I mean, married to each other who are so politically,
I mean, at opposite ends of the universe, what kind of relationship can that possibly
be?
I'll fake one.
Because I don't even want to hang out.
I don't want to be near.
I don't want to be around.
I mean, you know, I have people that I know who have disagreements.
It's reasonable.
But I'm talking about extreme white wingers, which has become pretty much with the Republican
parties all about now.
And you'll notice the difference.
You've got some people running around with their goalie, women, the placards, and doing
their thing, and hoping that something could have happened for them.
We get an honest count.
And then on the other side, you've got this militant hateful obnoxious, disgusting, bitter,
just like she said.
The venom is just ewing from them, because that's really what he's all about.
That's what he represents.
I'm not suggesting that 50% of the country, or nearly 50% of the people who voted, are
of that mentality.
Because if I believe that, I don't think I would come back here.
I'd have to, you know, just squeeze that passport real tight and just keep taking money
out of the ATM.
But so who are all these other people that got sucked in?
How is it they couldn't see what this was all about?
They couldn't see the bush for the forest.
How is that possible?
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in North Miami?
Well, yes, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm doing great.
Listen, I'm a bush supporter, and I could help with that here that you said that you
wanted people to give you the reasons why the vote of your bush?
Well, he's one, yeah.
Okay, well, it's more than one.
That's what the election is as close as it is.
I think one of the major reasons is, is there a Fed up with Clinton?
Well, let me ask you, is Clinton running last time?
I mean, was Clinton running this time?
I didn't see his name on the cloud.
I saw Hillary and Clinton set three days before the election and saw it off yet that
two vote for Gore was the same as what Clinton was.
First of all, that isn't what he said.
It was in San Francisco, number one.
Not in Philadelphia, number two, what he said.
It was a joke.
He said it would be the next best thing to a third term of both Clinton.
It was a joke.
And what is that happening?
In other words, that you're expecting a real living and breathing adults to believe that's
a reason you voted for Bush?
No, but let me tell you another reason why you mentioned that.
Because I think there are some people that believe that don't think it was so much of a
joke and they thought that that was a true statement.
In sense, so what if it wasn't true statement?
Let me say again, he wasn't on a ballot.
He's not, he was, he can't run again.
I know that.
I realize that.
So why don't you give me a real reason?
Not doing cool out so far, so I'm going to make it.
Well, number one.
Well, go ahead.
Okay.
Number one, the afraid of the military situation that's happening, we're having a depletion
of our military resources.
The country is the military is overextended in peacekeeping missiles.
Yeah.
You should have no right being in there, number two.
And my last question, sir, how come it was that all of our NATO allies were paying
in their pants?
And that Bush's advisors had to send them letters and telegrams reassuring them that
he wasn't serious about pulling all of the American troops out of NATO in Europe?
Well, and how come it is that growing?
You don't want to have a conversation.
I'm not going to waste my time.
We went to all this before the election, okay?
I'm not going to try to convince you now of who wanted to spend more money for the military.
See, Bush, he wants to spend money on Star Wars.
We're back to Ronnie Reagan and Papa Bush again all over again.
Star Wars, pie in the sky, fantasy, so that they can flush your tax dollars down the toilet
at the same time that he's promising you all this big tax cut, what he really wants
to do is take your tax dollars and flush it down the toilet.
That was good.
I'm glad that that guy called.
I hope we get a lot more people like him.
Because Clinton said in Philadelphia, which was San Francisco, and even a war as a joke,
this guy takes it serious, and even if it was serious, what the hell does it make?
He wasn't running again, sir.
Whither without his penis.
He wasn't running again.
Whither without Monica, whither without Jennifer Flowers, whither without Kathleen Willie,
without any of these people, all these things.
This is sad.
This is really and truly sad.
See, you can't complain about education in this country because there is so little of it
that it's a hand to ring in child outcomes to find it.
I mean, I'm no genius.
That's obvious.
I found that a school because I was busy drinking my stipul.
But I'm doing okay.
But compared to the people I talked to, there'd be, at least a great many of them, not all,
but many of them.
I feel like some kind of a sort of intellectual almost.
I mean, there's this guy.
If you put a guy then, who's the upper?
Correct.
He still couldn't give you one valid reason why he voted for Bush.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Pompato V, Chelo.
You're like a Messiah.
Yeah.
That guy.
No, I'm not like a Messiah.
That's you, come on.
I am Messiah.
That guy there, that's why I quit the police department.
I couldn't protect that guy.
Yeah.
From yourself.
Listen, this has something to do with the election a little bit.
Another friend of mine who's still on the police department, he was telling me,
and he went to the police department and saw the quick story about three black guys
that got in trouble, I guess, in a robber convenience store when they came out.
Black guys robber convenience store, that's pretty unusual.
Yeah, listen to this, though.
This is quick.
They came out.
They were all on.
Let's get the hell out of here, dog.
And so what happened was, they went to the neighborhood where they thought they'd frequent it.
And they went off and the police officers got out and said,
you guys know anybody named dogs.
Well, they all stepped forward, so they've arrested all of them.
And I think that, in a way, could help go off because if he gets to these Supreme Court
as far as there's something like that, it can happen.
Hey.
Let me ask you.
I've got those dogs out.
Who left the dogs out?
Oh my God.
I just can't.
I can't, I can't continue this.
This is just, it's like, it's like,
from what I said about waking up last Wednesday night, three in the morning,
where would you go tonight?
Three in the morning and Amsterdam.
I had this feeling like somebody just stopped me right through the heart.
It's not where my heart is, but you think you're heart is under the best bone.
And it turns out it was only this gourd, whatever the hell I did,
this irritable, uh, a soft, a-geel, a crap, an abgested.
And that's how I, I think you're like,
I have mental gourd from what I'm hearing on this phone today.
And of course, for the last 25 years, why should,
Maris Tama Halala Hazel, why should this show be any different from any other show?
He's never moses asked.
Yeah.
But he was busy trying to do his guy doing the show.
And of course, he had the burning burst to contend with.
Here's a lady in Pablo Beach, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
You got a couple of good calls.
Oh, the best.
Uh, that judge that's hearing that Jason Seminoff?
Yes.
Uh, did he hear yesterday on TV?
She was up for a promotion to a higher court and guess who blocked her vote.
She had a burst.
Oh, how do you like that?
Oh, wow.
I just, I just like when the Florida Supreme Court's going to meet a couple hours this afternoon,
the side what are they going to take on at Palm Beach County.
We vote the lawsuit.
Yeah.
I have a feeling they're just seeing the stars in front of their eyes.
You just can't wait for this.
That's right.
Payback is a bitch.
Yeah.
Up north, they got shirts that read SLLI-DUH.
Yeah.
That's the, the webtoff.
Unbelievable.
Well, we're at least work consistent.
They had an alien.
Five, nine, okay.
294 votes on our survey so far.
Our survey says which of these events was the most compelling to you?
This girl election 60.8% 179.
LJ trial will be 61, 20.7%.
Alien, a par 329, 9.8%.
That's because our hoodies are grown anyway.
And Monica gave penis gave whatever you want to call it.
25 votes, 8.5%.
Pretty weak.
So obviously, and of course, I guess the people were listening,
wanting to hear all about this stuff.
I'm going and the people who have had enough there, they've gone somewhere else.
They're playing their CDs, they're listening to music, they're right.
Playing with themselves, they do anything else.
I was blind, I was blind.
I was blind.
Even Georgia, this is probably the best song he's ever heard.
Crawl 56 is 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Fort radio 560 WQAM by Amy Port Lauderdale, a measly broadcast group station.
WQAM.com or the world.
This is your president's face.
Yeah, I got so much time nowadays.
I'm the listener at Neil Rogers, one to pair now.
It's good.
So this is Andrew Neon, I was constantly going to tell you about 18 and teens new appalling plans.
I just simplified your calling and reduce your phone bill.
Who are you again?
18 and teens.
18 and teens, you need calls for what?
So I'm telling you about our newest calling plan.
Your newest calling plan?
Yes, first.
All right, go ahead.
Okay, well, I'm here at 18 and teens.
I guess they would do a calling plan.
Like a simplified or calling, you should call bill.
If you don't mind me asking, what?
Hello?
You don't mind me, I'm on the toilet while I'm talking to you.
Okay, what's...
What kind of love this is, Caroling?
What's your question again?
What kind of love this is, K-
Hello.
Do you have?
Who must use 18 and teens?
I don't know.
Okay, so would it be about talking to the car?
That too.
What?
Would it be about talking to the car?
No, you got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom and I don't want to get up and hang it up.
So keep talking to me, all right?
Tell me more about your deals.
Okay, so you say you think you're with the police?
Oh, you think I was print?
What?
What?
So you think you're with MCI, a sprint or AT&T?
Something like that.
Something like that?
Okay, do you know what kind of racer family getting?
Hello?
Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it?
Here you say, can you show that one more time?
Oh, I'm making a poopy.
So you make a poopy?
Hello?
Okay, 102 at 5, 60 WDQM, it's a big one.
And two all I got, Hank Stain and Bion be with two, with over that is IBS and the SOFA G or whatever this is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, too much jelly.
That's what's going to do it every time.
Oh, I don't know if it's time to say it with too much or maybe too many of those white huts.
Too many of those bratwursts.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Nial.
This is her first time call for me.
Wait.
And I can't even believe I'm doing this.
It's turning the, some of the mons that are calling this station.
The intelligence here.
Oh, my God.
That's our crowd.
I cannot even believe that these people don't have a mind to see and think and understand what's going on here.
And you wonder why the election turn out like this?
Well, it's just, I sometimes doubt my sanity when I listen to some of these calls and I hear some of these people talking on TV.
It's just absolutely bothers the mind.
I think that maybe the only explanation is that aliens from outer space have taken control of the mind.
Did you say alien?
No, not that.
No, no, no.
I knew you were going to throw that.
Uh-huh.
I knew it.
Well, you can't get about of your mind.
I sure hope you say and enjoy your happy meal today.
You will.
He probably is.
But in any event, I wanted to just point out one thing when we were watching the events and furthering for the last three weeks at Nazim.
And the governor of Montana showed up.
And I put the head of the governor of Montana doing here.
Well, it turns out that he's been considered for attorney general.
Right.
He's a sucking up is what it's all about.
And when these people who just do not understand what's going on here, it just, it just amazes me.
And one last thing, I have a, a party I'm doing on my own.
I want to do my own vote count.
And I'm starting a movement here.
If you voted for Gore, drive with your head like on because our vote is being buried in Florida.
But only after Sunday.
No.
That's it.
Good.
Actually, thanks.
Thanks.
566705, 60.
She's, she was starting a movement.
I thought we just heard that fit.
It's very sad.
He probably want to say 550,000 votes.
I would say, go up at least 150, maybe 2, 300,000 votes.
Wasn't even that close.
But by hook and by crook, you know, 15,000 over here and 4,000 over there.
And who got away, we'll never know how many in David.
You'll never know how many in Dave County.
And those of us who lived here more than five minutes, we know that there was any election that you can't face in Dave County.
With all due respect to our good post personal friend, David Leahy.
He's an asshole.
He's a little bit of mayor, ping a picanula.
Last time we checked, nobody can find the David Leahy.
He looked with the mayor.
You're doing it right now.
Five first they did to us and other doing it to each other.
566705, 60.
Count 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
Good.
Hi, my name is Sarah.
I've never actually listened to the station before.
Oh my god.
I've been on the station.
Yes, I've voted for Gore.
And I haven't voted in 12 years.
I've moved here from New York.
Right.
And I work in my office and spend every day watching CNN and all the shows on TV.
And it really makes me mad about the better side of that.
And about, um, about, we're not getting the votes you're supposed to get in Miami.
So I just want to say, it's actually taking me away from all the work I have to do because I have to watch everything for two in the morning.
Yeah.
You know, let me say it again.
New York State, the polls closed there in 9 o'clock at night.
And they had every vote in New York County, which of course has a larger population than 4 to about 4 or 5 million people, I guess.
They had every vote counted in New York before.
Did county had one single vote counted?
What does that tell you?
Of course.
And I didn't even vote when I lived in New York.
And when I moved here, and I was about to go for Gore.
Because I think this looks like a 50-I use card cell service without being very intelligent.
Yeah.
And, of course, even when we saw the use card, they wouldn't let him drive him because he was always plowed out of his mom.
I was a good luckiest we had.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
He was always a little bit tipsy, old W.
Never met a bottle.
He didn't like.
Never met a meal in the like.
We're going to have a rip-starting good tie with ice for years.
Make no mistake about that.
Here's a call from Margate.
Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon to you.
When I start this.
Thank you.
You know, one of the reasons why Republicans can't give you a good reason why they voted.
They can't give me any reason.
Because they don't want to give you the real reasons.
The real reasons are race, religion, and the last one is money.
Uh-huh.
And let me say something about that.
You have to be left to face out, too.
I mean, don't leave me out.
Well, that's part of their religion.
Oh.
Let me say this.
The money that Bush is saying that he's going to return taxes.
Loads taxes.
Uh-huh.
You're going to pay up the consume in utility rise, the rise of utility prices, power prices.
Everybody gives you back.
It's going to go up 20 cents for your phone, your heat, and for your electric and for your guests.
Yeah.
It's going up my own guest.
What he's, the whole, the whole scheme of things is the Democrats want to use money for social programs.
The Republicans want to funnel that money back to corporations by giving it back to the people and then raising the prices.
They've been doing that all the time.
Oh, a doctor member is supposed to be in it.
It's supposed to trickle down.
Don't you remember that?
Can't you feel it?
Oh, yes.
Yeah, I can feel it.
There's nothing wrong with this yellow.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Good luck to us, pal.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't trickle too much.
How's the, uh, a friend, Bick trickle doing?
How's Joe Castellas?
He doing okay?
Bick superstar now.
He'll probably be a two big for us pretty soon.
5'6, 7'05, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless.
When's the fight?
When you're going to hockey game tonight, maybe Joe will be there.
Uh, I think he's moving in a depot spot.
He's starting to take all those places and doing our solar things in between periods of the hockey game and making all these appearances.
Nice go on, Joe.
Because what's face it?
I can't win an employee of the month again, but he's a crappy numbers we got now.
Huh?
I don't think we're ever going to see that thing again.
So don't go spend about $200 prematurely, Joe, because I think those days are long gone.
Uh-huh.
I told Greg this morning when he came in here, I said, hey, forget about numbers.
We're never going to have any again.
He just looked like, uh-huh.
What does that mean?
Will you first back him?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He got a glorious reason that he ever voted a lot of hockey.
He said that it's not true that he ever used to play.
George and Adam, when he did not, that he tried to go game.
What's the reputlant game say in an episode today, this campaign?
He said he's going out that day.
And he was never played with cocaine.
George and Adam, when he did not, that he tried to go game.
No games about the food that he does.
I would try to defeat him.
I would try to defeat him.
Okay, come down, guys.
115 to 560 WQM.
Let me say it again.
Justin Timberlake of NSYNC is a ****.
5607, huh?
I mean, he just, uh, embarrasses me and that takes a lot.
They would kick his ass out of Amsterdam.
Guaranteed.
Where we going?
Here's more, Jables.
Hello.
Yeah, you're new.
I'm from New York, I'm Puerto Rican.
And the reason that the New York result came in different from Miami,
it could win a different time, ozone layer in a different hemisphere.
Yeah.
And that's.
I think he just jumped out of it.
Then he just gagged out of his row with it.
5607, oh, that was good.
Hey, beat those other two calls.
Here's the lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, hi, Neil.
I'm a Georgetown college.
Great.
Okay.
I wanted to talk about what upset me was to know that a lot of Cuban people in Florida
wrote a full book because of failure.
Yeah.
I thought that was pretty silly because even if you were through public and our Democrats,
I mean, I mean, it doesn't matter to the channel, we have to go back.
Yeah.
So, I mean, that really upset me.
How about the whites of the non-futon people who voted for alternators?
I wonder if that, oh, it's a mistake.
The ones that did it by mistake.
No, no, that must be a cannon.
I'm sorry.
Oh, God.
Oh.
The students would have voted for Bush.
Like, if you were to vote for James, you can.
Will you leave them alone?
Oh, it's a.
They like those mitochondria's with cheese.
5,67, 05,60, 05,60 on the 18th.
See, what do I tell you about the women in the matter?
You could be talking about a soccer match and it could be Argentina against France and all
of some women would call her, yeah, but you know, those Argentines, they speak just like a
Cuban and I'm telling you that all you know about is Cuban, Cuban, Cuban,
Cuban, Cuban, you hate him, you can't stand him.
They don't know how they speak, they smell.
You got like a Cuban disease.
I've been living here for 25 years, other than they're every now and then when the old
two first people get whipped up into a frenzy and it's always orchestrated anyway by a bunch
of Osha and provocateurs.
But other than that, I don't, I don't pay any attention.
I just came back from a place where you can't even tell what most of those people are.
They're from Mahuna, from who knows?
Algeria, China, all over the world.
Didn't face me, doesn't bother me.
And if they look good, they'll do them, you know.
They'll help with it.
Just be friendly.
Five and similar Cubans.
Five, that's what I told Miguel was going before he ran out, haven't seen him again since.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a motor in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing, Neil?
I'm doing okay.
First time caller.
All right.
I have a comment in a question.
My comment is, is my partner and I never got around to leaving the Republican Party even
vote that way.
And I'm amazed by the messages left from the Republican Party.
Well, it's my way, it's my way.
You're partnering and you never left the Republican Party.
Now we didn't switch over to Democrats, but we sure voted that way this time.
Yeah.
And the Republican Party still, they leave me messages on my recorder about rallying for Kathleen Harris,
downtown, and Wednesday with this whole mess with Miami-Dade in the morning,
the rest of the message, get your friends, your family, make signs,
and we know it's toward another, come and support.
And my skin just curled every time because I can imagine going and supporting that idiot.
That's my comment.
My question is, I was actually in Europe during the election, but not before we left.
Yeah.
And the polls that are saying that Gors should concede.
How consistent are they considering the polls were saying that Gorsh was so far ahead or far ahead?
I mean, the idea that somebody was going to, you continued the election based on the polls.
This is what the Republican is counting on.
This is what Baker and all these other henchmen are counting on.
One at the clock, one at the patients of the public, and to Gorsh credit.
I can't give them too much credit for many things, but at least it was credit he's sticking to his guns
and he's not going to let thores decide when it looks like they really lost and they can't get divorced back, that they should have.
All right.
My other thing is, now I come from a family of right-wing Christians as well.
How sick.
Listening to them that you can't even, you can't talk to these people because they've made up their minds, they're closed-minded and that's it.
They're already brainwashed and they can't even look outside to imagine anything, but what they're listening from their church and the Republican community.
Now, as I remember, religion and hate are synonymous when you say religion and hate you repeating yourself.
Good luck to pal.
The last night, I mentioned we had dinner last night at the Emelcoast and we walked in there and in the dining room, one of the six night dining rooms in there.
Here's a, of course, there are a lot of Jews in there, but there's one family and there's a young kid that's a 16, 17 and he's got a schmata on his head.
And every time I see that, it makes me want to cry, just because, and I'm sure he feels very fine about it and he doesn't have a problem with it because he's been conditioned into those.
He's been brainwashed and he feels like this is the way life is supposed to be. Then he walks around with his beanie on his head.
It's tragic. It's just sad. Maybe he thinks he makes me look sharp. No, he's laid without it. He would look sharp. He doesn't have a bald spot. He's hiding those horns.
Maybe he's hiding the three sixes. Maybe that's it.
Very sad. It's tragic. It's awful. It's pathetic.
And that's one of the wonderful things about being in a place like Amsterdam. They got churches. They got the old church right there in the middle of the red light.
They actually have some churches I guess that some people go to, but probably not too many. Just like in Italy, where 97% of people don't attend church ever.
Because they've been so, because they were building against all the brainwashing and all the vaticant and all that crap.
But it's marvelous to be in a place like that. We're not surrounded by all this religious hate. It's not just the coincidence that they have such a socially liberal society over there.
They haven't been working. They haven't had their spirit and they were broken by the religious intolerant lunatics. And that's what America's all about.
And then we have this constant battle that we have to fight against. And most people are too stupid to understand it.
Because they've been brainwashed. Because they're a part of it. That's why there's Hugh Lieberman guy. Every Jew listening in the every Jew in America should be offended by him, except the Christmas of the House Eaton.
We have sick Orthodox. The ones who are the embarrassment. The black sheep and the family. The black hats and the black coats.
It's not just the coincidence that they were all the black garments because they're the black sheep and the black beard. The jet skis.
He's an embarrassment. That's not what Judy is and is all about. Generally, except the question of the Palestinians.
But other than that, it tends to be the most benign of the religions of the major religions of the world.
As opposed to the Malignant Jews don't try to convert anybody. They'll try to make an offer they can't refuse. Unless you have to be happy to be a Palestinian kid with a string shot.
And then of course making offer you can't refuse. Well, that's an understanding. George will talk about that on this next anti-Semitic show.
But it's just sad. It makes no difference which group you're talking about. It's all such gobbledygoku. It's nonsense.
Like people calling in today. Well, we just can't understand these Bush people. It's not just a Bush people. I can't understand what people are thinking because most of it has been placed there by somebody else.
It isn't a conclusion that they came to by using the gray matter by using their brain and thinking logically.
That there's this wonderful God whose wrath keeps racking hot and keeps inflicting all this pain and punishment and disease and grotesque crap on everybody because some bitch, a goddamn fruit of a tree.
These are stories that even little kids would laugh at if they weren't brainwaves to brainwaves and so on before they become old enough to understand.
They'd laugh you out of the goddamn house. Who the hell are you kidding with that, Bill Krepp? Come back with Sandy Claus. At least we can see him on TV anyway.
As opposed to this God Bull crap. And that's where we've got the intolerant religious right. And that's why it's mind-boggling. It's terrifying to me.
The Democratic Party could come up with a ticket as weak as Gordon Lieberman. Against the man so obviously mindless and idiotic and controlled by the rabid religious right. It is its pathetic.
And the women who went out there and voted for Bush who wants to take away the people's rights. They don't believe in women's rights to choose about their own body.
He doesn't believe in dying people's rights to choose about terminating their lives.
Now they believe in machines now. Holding machines. Unless it's in Texas of course that the Republican is contesting the election.
And let me say it again. Every dimpled ballot was counted. Let me still lost even by a few votes more than he would have.
But every dimpled ballot in that Texas congressional election in a state that legislated election everyone was counted.
You're dealing with hypocrites, wires, finger pointers, talking about Baba and his low jobs. And anytime here's a guy who's a chronic drop of substance abuse problem that he refuses to answer questions about.
We're still very, a lot of us convinced about that abortion that Hanky Panky in 1971 that nobody wants to talk about because everybody has been doing intimidated.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I am. Well, of course, you know, a lot of these things came out after the election. I'm a registered Democrat and I did both Republican.
I voted pretty much which ones came out after the election, which things I just made for that came out after.
Well, I mean, no, I'm talking about all that Hanky Panky with the butterflies out and things like that.
I voted a split ticket, but I would say probably the main reason I voted for Bush is making the rest of the country I might identify with being a Democrat.
But truthfully and floor, I just don't see it. I mean, the people that they hired were basically of all one ethnic group to solicit.
And I found it alienating in my way. So that's why I voted. I mean, I thought we were voting for president. What is it? We're more voting for guy.
I think, well, I mean, I agree. But I think a lot of people like your color said before voted based on an identity thing, just like a lot of people that voted for Gore.
Did you identify with Bush? I would say I identify more so with Republican self-forged than I identified with Democrats.
I would identify with old Cubans. Is that what you're saying? I'm sorry, I didn't. You identified with the old Cubans?
More so than I identified with the people asking for another homestead exemption and free cheese, I'd say so, yes.
Another homestead exemption and free cheese. In other words, it's a Cuban against the sparkes. That would be the most effective.
Well, that's pretty much what I would say. It would be a good thing to answer, yeah.
Okay, great. Well, I'm glad that you at least were honest about identifying where you're coming from. Another bigot. But at least he was honest about it.
Woo!
Funny success, and I'll say it again. Anybody who believes that Lieberman was an asset, we're going to want a selection by a comfortable margin, not a lane fight, because he's not that good of a candidate.
We're going to want a comfortable margin.
If you didn't have this rabid Jew on the ticket, not just an ordinary pedestrian Jew, but a rabid word on your sleeve,
yell and carry on about it and throw Hall of Roppy enemy Jew. At least those of you, homentagians, for Christ's sake.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio, five sixties, QA.
I know that the guard even loves Neil Rogers.
We are from the Abysgate to join a new muscular black cut off your nuts and through it on cohes applesauce and some female barbie cow.
We will pick up your soul on our own asal your gauety. So as your impact, as we said, whether a lot is closest to her, sack to you.
Nice and easy, though, black curses waiting for a beautiful gift. If I could move it, give a different evidence that you can see the ugly man on his face.
This is how the earth is. The earth is called a gift.
The sky is the sky. The sky is the sky.
They are in my top, where in my gear.
This is how the earth is. This is how old it is.
Someone's gonna find us. Back back if I can't change.
I can take a chicken bowl. I should have had you some dinner, but it's hard.
So don't get me some dinner, but it's hard.
We'll invite you and some applesauce.
Chaps only in the back. Oh, stop. They're way to pay a box.
When we do it or not, it's got something we waited for.
We will pay a box.
The end of the head is like how we meet up with our faiths.
I am on the other faiths.
The other faith is just so sweet.
133-560-220.
I love the expressions that they religious not to use.
We'll get to the pearly gates.
When we get to the pearly gates, it's gonna be to be a...
...and then they'll go up to the side.
The one thing Peter does is what in God's name?
What in God's name are these people talking about?
It just goes to show how easy it is to brainwash folks.
You just keep repeating what Hitler said.
Just keep repeating the same crap over and over again.
And pretty soon people say, oh yeah, that's right.
That's reality. That's what life is all about.
That's what the universe is all about.
This crap. This nonsense. These scary pills.
That's the shit.
It's not George that's what it lands like in Amsterdam just by blind luck.
I know what the 85 MPV channels we got.
There was a Tom Green trap off his nutcho.
And the bad news is you tell me that's the last good thing he's ever done?
Yeah. It's very sad.
That was a great show. That was hysterical.
You might have told me, cut off those.
Talent. Yeah.
Huh. I mean, maybe it was like Samson the Hood.
You know, maybe his talent was in that one nut that took the wrong road.
And I wish I had a copy of that song. That was great.
You know, squeeze your nutted, clean, peel your balls, play with your balls.
Yeah. Massage your balls. And don't get cancer.
Yeah. That's good. I scored Tom.
I glad to at least do something good on the way out.
And then that's picking and do bear more.
Now, she was on there sitting, sitting next to him at the table.
But you noticed that she never said anything at the dinner table.
And she was never like that. And not that she needed to be identified.
Because we know who she is. But it was kind of like she was just there.
And all of a sudden they got married. Now, not yet.
Oh, they were going to him Saturday night. Why is that she had to do that?
Oh, I thought they got married. I'm sure it was what I read.
No.
But I not thought I really care about that celebrity who's doing home.
But now she's not the most attractive thing in the world.
She's okay. But did you see when you saw that show?
Yeah.
You saw him like almost make it.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, you, but I realized physical beauty isn't everything.
But what they reminded me of Julia Robertson while I love it all.
I said, thanks to him again.
I'm sure Drew has done way up here with him in a trunk and stupor.
Or maybe he's just a...
Here's a mobile and mortgage. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
I have a problem that I haven't heard come up before since the election problems.
Yes, sir.
It is much better as a way of college and call back to get an affinity ballot.
She never received it.
And this was the first time she was going to vote for the president.
Well, who is she going to vote for?
She was going to vote for Gorge.
Oh, well, that's why.
It's an unbelievable situation.
That's possibly happening.
How many other kids didn't get affinity ballots at Gorge?
All the ones who were going to vote for Gorge.
And most of them were...
The only kids that got ballots were the ones who were going to the University of Florida
and FSU because they're all bunch of right-wing little monies.
Where am I going?
Is it the University of Florida?
Well, she's not following that category.
She's the only one.
Thank God for her.
You can go now.
Okay.
Have a good one. Good luck to her.
I understand that.
And you notice Tom went to the University of Florida.
No, do you see that part of the show?
No.
I'm out of breath for that.
Well, and he was singing the song.
He was up on stage singing the song, you know?
Yes.
And then he was up there on the stage with the guitar.
And Humplers was up there on the stage with him.
And then at the very end of that show,
and all the kids of course were going nuts.
Because you know, the kids, it's the same thing with Nader.
Anybody who's anti-establishment.
Don't get me wrong.
I left Tom Green when he used to be funny, especially on the Canadian comedy channel
when he was really funny before MTV destroyed him.
But at the end of the show, some real screamer, some cream from the audience kids up.
And he says, I run away.
Squeeze when a grand hamper, a Humplers nuts.
And the audience, this keeps the miters in Gainesville, okay?
All these real, you know what they are, yeah.
Kids.
And the guy was obviously a screamer.
And they all start boiling and hooting him.
And of course, Tom Green loved it.
It's exactly the kind of thing.
And next thing you know, he's up on stage.
And they got their black, black, they're marking out the,
the genital area.
They got the gray square on the screen.
And he's got the Humplers pants down.
And all of a sudden, they're all cheering.
See, Tom said it was okay.
So then the kids thought it was okay.
I hate to say this.
But you know, some of the college kids and most of them are really
pathetic.
You know what I said, thing, but sir?
Especially flat guys.
Yeah, but there's nothing like running on the beach naked
with your fraternity brothers.
That's what G. W. said.
Yeah.
No, he was talking about me.
He said nothing like running on the beach with fat guys,
not fat guys, not fat guys.
And fat rich.
Yeah, what is it about college kids that makes them so sad?
Or maybe it's just in Florida.
I think I could be just in Florida.
This is such a yachtful place.
I don't think so.
23, 4, 2, at 5, 60 WQM.
You want a good smoke?
That's, you know, I saw a bumper sticker this morning.
They're low.
So it's something about at least I can smoke inside my own car.
I can still smoke it.
You know, I thought to myself, F&A, baby.
At least they haven't made a law yet.
Yet.
Underlined the yet part.
That you can't throw smoke in your own car.
You.
You.
You're a beautiful story of a girl.
Who tried to pants and move in the whole world?
And while her butt was fine, it looked like mine.
Because it was kind of hairy.
And that's cool.
How many hairs on a razor?
Certainly more than mine in a beard.
And I'm gonna see so much here.
It looks like a sheep that's had them this year.
And she had an ass like you, Bonda.
But we get round on the round, Dumbertree.
We need a razor, it's clear.
Or if they shampoo, since the hair didn't reach.
Or why did I have to see if that's it?
Or if they want to wrap with your own sideways.
Or if they want to find another problem, they can all kill it.
It is.
This is a story of a girl who tried to pants and move in the whole world.
And while her butt was fine, it looked like mine.
Because it was kind of hairy.
And that's cool.
And that's cool.
I was like, am I going to get a hand job?
I'm going to get a hand job.
Let's get him to the red.
17, two, and five, 60, you'll have to get him to the right hand.
Come to the right hand, come to the right hand.
I got the pants again.
Anybody going to be there tonight?
Oh, Jesus, 6500 and so we'll pick it again.
No, they don't have time to go to hockey games and stuff like that.
They took the Zeeer, watching all these shows on CNN.
And MSNBC.
And Fox.
And CNBC.
Anybody else?
No.
Here's for a water day, oh, huh?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We'll be fine a couple of weeks ago, 98 degrees.
Backseat boys.
Check my heart.
I'm, uh, um, anyways, what is that?
What does that mean?
Sorry, sorry.
Anyways, right now.
Now, when I went in and you see, if I wouldn't have told you who the song was by, you said,
that was pretty good.
But I told you it was the band street boy.
You were like, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh.
You're right.
You got a point there.
Yeah.
Listen, how about Eric Lindroff's playing with Toronto like that?
No, I don't know.
I really don't know.
I was watching the Pat Quinn moves the pot of eight last night back and forth.
If they had to give up a lot for him and then he was going to get a concussion like the second or third game with my luck.
Uh, I'm not, I don't know.
It all depends on what they have to give up.
Why didn't he not want to play with the players anymore?
I don't know about that.
Why?
Yeah.
Because he and Bobby Clark had each other like poison.
They were spotted in Bobby Clark.
They are there.
It's, uh, a war there.
Uh, there's no chance to live a play for them again.
Oh, I'm just a novice hockey fan.
You go on to the game tonight?
I'll be there.
You got any spare tickets there for the Hercune game?
For the Hercune game?
For the Hercune game?
Yeah.
I got a pair.
Just a pair.
Mine.
See it there.
Okay.
How do you like that?
He's a novice hockey fan, but already he's learning the three-loads for tickets.
Have I got any free tickets?
No.
At least, uh, he said he was going to be there.
He said he was going to be there.
I think that's where he said.
He won't be there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, no.
Yes sir.
Hey, great job.
Yes sir.
I just outwoke with comments.
The very first cavity of this election was the truth.
George Bush knows that if you can bury the recount under, you know, obviously legal law.
Laws, law suits.
A mountain of legal law suits.
A mountain of legal law suits.
If he can keep us from seeing the truth, then he'll win this election.
Right.
Let's feel it, turn and square.
I mean, I can't understand how all these people want to see like the Mongols, some of the
ex-presidents, to be the president.
We're going to give the keys to the country.
Well, I guess the public liked all of that inflation, and they liked the budget deficit, and they liked the
agolfo, and the fact we love sad.
I'm sitting there in Iraq, and they liked the savings alone scandal with me, a bushing charge.
They liked all these grotesque things that they kicked his father out eight years ago.
And now you notice here comes Colin Powell, and here comes the Chinese, and here comes this Andrew Card guy.
They're all the same guys that were buddies with Papa Bush.
It's not the same people who are coming back in again.
And I think, yeah, you're right about the whole Weaverman channel.
I think that was the year that broke the camel's back.
I think it was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that we were going to be doing.
And I think that was the year that somebody called me said
What blocks it 30 seconds?
Who was it?
Huh?
I don't play常.
Is it blocked?
Yeah, that's what he said.
30 seconds.
He also said, the line five will get fixed sometime between now and next sookers.
And you know, even the wind soakers is.
Or you say something about suckers.
Suckers, suckers, suckers.
I don't know what he was saying.
Something about going back to Amsterdam.
Oh god, what a place.
And we're also wining.
I don't like talking about the recorded commercials because this radio station is never going to get any better
You know, but we got that one spot
It's so distorted and somebody is paying for that
Now of course do we care here at Q&A?
Oh as long as they're painful. We don't care. We'll take the money
It's the diesel you have in mind
It's a but but you think that if you had any pride it's like we've gone back to the first week that we're on the air here
We had all those muffled spots
Oh, but we're getting we're getting the audio vault
Yeah, and so we get some muffled distorted spot from an agency
So instead of getting one that sounds right we just run it on the air
There we go. We're on the air
And whatever the hell they're saying. I mean, I was you worse you just them about two dollars and you're nitpicking. Yes
Well, I got all my nose taken out of the way on the plane
I will pick in my nose and the plane because they were it keeps people from staring at you
No, it does it works like crazy
Although if I did really on the right side, then you need to do anything extra because I had that guy with his ass in my face the whole time
That big fat ugly dutch ass right in my face god
What a huge backdome man
And in your laughing, but it was like a Dutch Josh
He's a really ugly me he could have been his big twin brother. I'm serious
Josh pigman senior just imagine having that ass in your face for like a half an hour at a time
On a trip that already has taken so God damn long you figure you're never gonna rip back
I don't know if anybody was having a good time on that plane, but they're sure with some strong head wins
Yeah, I think we're peddling fast enough. I think the dribble was getting too sick
10 before and two at 560 WQM
The Neil Roger show sports radio line 60
QA
Yes, first
High five to mo
A lot of who say the mother
Side of who say the mother
Here
Side of who say the mother
I
Right
Oh
Like the
Just get rid of that
You're in drinking chubby and slow up the whole goddamn place
Side of who say the mother
Side of who say the mother
Side of who say the mother
Side of who say the mother
I
Side of who say the mother
I
Side of who say the mother
Side of who say the mother
I
Side of who say the mother
But he's still there baby thanks to a popper
156 at 560 WQM. We got hand coming up in four minutes
Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, soon
That racist people in the United States would rather vote for
More Christian that for that perfect you
You know and everybody that's why I news for we didn't have the perfect you
That's exactly what I'm going what they tried to do with to distance themselves
From the so-called in more a president flimpton and what they did is to manage to lose West Virginia that always
vote for the democrat
lose a tenet he
Arkansas
Luciana
It just look at the
More majority and all the other redneck religious fan of fanatic in those states and you can count their votes all of them in favor of the
Mr
Bush
Let me tell you
Mr. Liberman of senator Liberman
Not only was one of the few
senators in
In Washington that that was supporting the kidnapping of William Gonzalez by this crowd here in Miami
And after that before a few days before the election came to Miami to cry tears over
Mexican officers
That's your help a lot then that also not because these people here were already
Well into this and to know him for which for who they were gonna vote
