The deal Roger show sports radio line 60s
You
That was that
How about you, honey? I was supposed to be the open better
What do you say I was watching the channel 10 because that's that we were gonna do this thing
So we know what time we're on either because
It was in here this morning going
I'm up up up up up up like that and
Oh, yeah, we got this special agreement with channel 10 we got this right and the carry the audio of this is oh thing and
You know, it's no important. They would better carry it in it
Which ordinarily I would resist because I don't really give a crap. I wish him all the best
I don't wish him any bad health, but it's not important to me no matter how significant Hanks is it is
It's not significant to me. It's certainly not significant to George
So I'm watching channel 10. I'm assuming that they're gonna be on it. Here's this Sally with a bunch of
How do I say it delicately
That's so delicately retards. Okay, I
Scroll from the man that was back. Spirits are doing everything in a part time break. Oh, and then this don't look like zoe to me
What is this if we're gonna use channel 10 I bet your channel 7 is hyperventilating. Let's just take a look
Wouldn't it be embarrassing because I understand rumor in the grapevine as that the channel 7 was done or 4 or 5 30
They got nothing on either
Well, I think that was good. There's a bomb guy that information here today, you know it
Kind of through us all off. Oh, no channel 10's gonna be on top of this thing like stink on a Greg is what that's what they're told me
That's what he said I'm quoting for bait. I'm gonna be over it like stink on Greg
And I said what do you mean by that and he said
Come on, by the way Joe. I hate to break the news if you remember it's 59 not 49
59 and lay off the
The here oil and one of the great things that I heard on the news besides lose my ass over the weekend
Xerox is denying reports circulating over for Europe that it's seeking filing for bankruptcy protection
Oh, no, we've got seven billion dollars in the audio to all this other crap
Would that be great nice corn rumor?
Come on, I'm gonna have to say for yourself. Wow his brother-in-law said this and some Arab shika had a bad bomb moment
Otherwise, he was gonna buy 500 million shares of Xerox
See, I was originally gonna go to Toronto that is a true story I had playing reservations to go to Toronto
We were going and then I get on the phone and there was some big convention in Toronto over the weekend every hotel
You couldn't get a hotel for love or money or hockey pucks
And then our good close friends Scott what's his name there promen?
From Atlantic City subs. Thank you Scott. Good guy
Of course, that's not what fat poor says, but he's a good guy. He got me rooms at the MGM in Vegas
So how could I resist?
lost my ass
Lost my ass in fact, I think one cheek is still in Vegas and as much as I've always loved Vegas the last time I went
I was starting to get a little bit burned out. I thought well maybe a couple of years I'll come back and don't
I don't want to discourage anybody from going to Vegas because it is a fun place
But this was the one that put me over the edge. What is that man doing in this studio while the show is on the air?
Oh sure got rid of him here real fast anyway, I'm turning around and walked out of there like he'd been shot with a guy
Then can and ball them up Peter Leonard get him out of here. He's killing me that man. He really is
He's a killer and you know something I wasn't even gonna talk about it
Because I'm just strong right now because I was given some information
They said oh, this is so important. I said do we carry the heat on this station? No, no
Do we care like any other than you when do we care basketball on this station? Oh, no, but it's so important
That the we're gonna and we got this special agreement with channel 10
Well, I'm telling you what since we got a special agreement with channel 10 why not put Sally Jesse on the air
Yeah, there you go. He's pregnant
Some some freak on Sally Jesse about his pregnant
Well, I got a lot of tell you about Vegas and about the National Air Alliance is great
Let me just tell you right now and it wasn't a freebie. I paid forward by on hard-earned cash if I have any left after that experience this weekend
And after remember with his goddamn Xerox did
but
National Airlines is the best
Sensational I heard other people talk about it and we've had calls on the show and they've said exactly that
It's the best airline they've ever flown in their lives and one trip doesn't make I'm a lot of trips going out and coming back
doesn't make
career for an airline but
That's the only way you can judge it based on your own personal experience
Forget about that America was forget about going through Dallas on those very overpriced and expensive airlines
America and Delta where they charge in armoured like it takes a seven hours to get to Vegas
Nationally they get a rod they leave right on time they get there early coming back left right on time yet here 10 minutes early
They know how to board the flight they got real planes big 757's first class in
S.H.I.E.U.L. back there in coach. That's a few peons. I don't know
but really good
But before we get to that so I guess I'll just keep my eye peeled on here and see what's happened
That because it's so damn important what sports network whatever used to be sports channel or something somebody called to say that they're the ones carrying it
Well if they're the ones that are carrying it how come up program director came in here and said
I'm not mama mama if you can when you carry it if you want to do this put on channel 10
We have a great movie channel 10 to carry their audio and I said we put on people's audio all the time and he said
I'm not mama mama mama like that. Yeah, that's what he said
Get off the plane in Vegas who's standing there
At the gate in the airport and Macaring International Airport in Las Vegas as we get off the plane who standing there
Defoe and the poly man
Rumor has that they were woman together
Double bed
That's rumored that I'm here and I said to the force said what are you doing here in the airport
He says oh I'm waiting for my wife another one of those spats. I don't want to go into that thing about that marriage
Boy you talk about a rocky road
Even the people with faskin robbins never saw rocky road like that that marriage
So evidently they didn't fly out there together and in an affidavit of peak he took the appalling man with him
Which I'm sure that default probably rather spend the two a's in Vegas with the poly man than his wife anyway
Winterfake
She don't maybe you think the poly man those the spreads as well as well. I don't want to go into that
huh
And defoe says open on down more or lower all fixed and don't put on
Garden state there are every horse in their races breaking it
So apparently he just hasn't shown up yet. They will be carrying it when he shows up. Oh on a while. I'm so relieved
I'm so relieved to hear that
Kind of those throws a chicken they are whole in the temple of doing a show you know what I'm saying
That's Monday because yeah, there's nothing going on today anywhere. It's Monday
We don't really care and there are no calls on the board
Not that there would be because I haven't said anything yet
And the reason I haven't said anything yet is because I was told 10 o'clock
He was gonna be there this big schwarzer. He was gonna be but I will see I don't understand
Why do we have to have a god damn press conference every time a jocke something happens
Jocke's having press conferences. It's Danny and Jimmy all over again Jimmy and Danny day
Yes that crap all over again. It's the same
Come on
Why couldn't they just have a press release? I mean we've known about it for like what two weeks now that he has some kind of a kidney disorder
And at first they thought it was something real serious and maybe it's not so serious
And maybe he's gonna play and maybe he's not gonna play if anybody cares do I care? No, I couldn't care less
I wish him nothing but the best of health. He never saw a freight train
But he's not important to me. He is he is no significance to my life none zero
Absolutely Zippity do that
Remember the presidential debate tomorrow night and we're worried about those zone is the kidneys
And since evidently it isn't as serious as they first thought you think
Definitely it doesn't mean we're having a god damn press conference every time you you channel surf
You see dumb jocke sitting in front of microphone that that's seriously
That's a big part of killing time on TV now is dumb jocke sitting in front of after a tennis match after a god damn
Stupid golf match everything. There's a bunch of dumb jocke and their coaches and the managers and they're all sitting in front of a microphone
Have in a first conference
And half the time if it's the coaches they get up and a fit of peak and the walk out
Ah, it's cool. Are you guys nephews and they get up the walk out what I do enjoy that
Kind of the old Mike getka stuff things like that Bobby night
Let's share it for Bobby night. Oh, he's an asshole, but at least he was a little bit of fun
You know what's wrong with watching the coach choke some kids
Be to crap out of anybody if he gets pissed off even cheers across let's bring back what he has
Let's bring back all the guy to crazy coaches
Put that WWF into yeah, let's give them their own show
Put them on an island coach survivor
And see which ones or which one comes out to real survivor so this pansy as crap they have
I'm talking about real brawls real
Fisticuffs real are countertops right there on the island
I bet you really hate you would have come out on top let's bring back where he left big his ashes up
Just one time come on. What do you say want to dig him up? Oh, come on river. Come on. I'm on my mom. See they had a big crowd there on
That Friday night
Yeah, I guess guilty how many people that they really have on for that game because I saw in the paper that it's said like
13,000 some odd which is the season tickets. I said how many they really have for the Panther game. He said yeah
It's the nine minutes after ten Zoe ain't saying nothing yet as soon as he is
I don't want you going anywhere because God forbid we're in a real panic we're in a real
Super over here
We don't want you going down the other end of the dial there looking for the audio on at no press conference
I mean if it happens baby if a jock has hemorrhoids you'll hear it on this radio station even the middle of this highly rated
Because this is the important stuff. It's so that important. We're gonna have it for you
No question of the further maybe this could have a express written permission of WGAM
Incorporated
I don't want to play anything because I don't want to have to stop it in the middle which you understand
Because this is so then the Zoda and important that I can't
Well, why what's the point of playing some very funny comedy bit here then the middle oh gotta cut this off
Because Zoe's up there now by reasonable y'all out of the stuff
So I did lose my ass in Vegas, but I came back with about eight books and you know, that's not too bad
But before we get into Vegas and national airlines and Alice Rantel who was floating around out there
And all the other good stuff. Yeah small world no matter where you go
You can't get away from assholes no matter where you go
I'm not saying that DeFo is an asshole. I was a polyman. I don't know well enough to say the polyman's an asshole
Is he you get kind of get that impression also?
One of those racetrack degenerate bum kind of guys kind of like DeFo
But anyway, here's a very important memo that I think we ought to pass along in all fairness
Huh try to do it with a straight face Neil
I'm still watching channel 10 here. I don't see no big spars today talking about his kidneys. I don't see nothing
Thanks for screwing up my show, Duff. Oh
Yeah, the channel 10 bubble. We got this special agreement
Against what I get channel 10 at my house. I don't have any special agreement
I just turn on the TV and if I go to the right channel which on my cable it happens to be 10 what a concept there it is
Huh now this cable here we got this AT&T cable which used to be stores that it like my mother's got this piece of crap cable
It's on 11
After he told me that I took on 10 on a thing here and I'm watching in Vivo and Vivo what?
Yeah, live from New York or wherever the hell it was something from crap
I thought to myself here channel 10 got all this manual. I must be it
I don't know you don't understand. It's channel 11 on our cable system is channel 10 and channel 4 is 122 and channel 5
Who knows just to keep you on your toes I guess is the way it works
But I'm still waiting to find out there's those midgets look at that. There's the on the mori show today. They got midgets
As you may be aware this is a memo dated October 11th
Who's oh before we do the memo?
Pola George took on Friday as he was in the middle of it. I had another one of his I hate to Jews shows
Regarding the Middle East United States you had pulled out and let the conflict
Sort itself out 435 52.5% so get that out of there
Healthy as Rady's wife out to Palestinians
205 24.7%
First he is ready to make incessions to the Palestinians which I'm sure were George voted 187 22.6%
See I say just send him some halivine and some falafel and wish him the best of luck and say bye-bye
Yeah, good luck here. That's what I would tell him
Yeah, Zagasron and get out of my face and let's work where I'd go on this and important stuff which you're not
I
Pull question today has to do with uh since today is of course the million family rally
And you just turned on C-SPANN and you said that they're ain't no million families out there yet
And I try to tell you they're waiting for the zoe press conference
Maybe because it's no damn important once he gives us the good news and the heads up on this whole deal
Then they can all go out there in March
You got your priorities wrong man
Because the priority in the black black America their priority is the NB FNA. That's what it is
The ending mother FNA that's the number one priority
Yeah
Watch a big seven-foot tall brothers out there slam a janin and stuff in it and the ball too
For some of those guys they tend to stuff it in the wrong place, but that's another story for another day
So it's no one here yet. No
Damn it
Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, I was just gonna make a comment. I thought you know
I think there's something real when you listen to a real and it's a comment from the lot when you listen to his act
Comments or a lot of them morning. You'll probably agree to listen into the debates where he's with these candidates
They're just giving you a sales job until the summer something from the heart. What are you talking about?
But these guys are whatever you see you get you listen in the morning listening to this
dumb
No, you I don't think they're necessarily most of them are I'm not talking about them specifically the most most jokes are dumb
Well, that's the perception. I've been sometimes you find the perceptions aren't always what the actual reality
So I know the original things that most jokes are dumb
That's just a perception because they're illiterate and they can't put together a sense of something maybe five to ten like Cecil
I don't agree with that necessarily. I think it's an individual thing
I think
That's true any group. There are individuals within it, but as a group you wouldn't think that the most jokes are dumb
No, I wouldn't say I wouldn't want to make that statement. I play the educational system for not giving them the
Necle education to none athletes that that's what you're asking me to look at the NC double-A and how they treat athletes
And what happens in these major schools when they're about fsu that's got a quarterback that's 45 years old
What kind of crap is that he's a 50th year senior?
Well, he's desperately to go to the pros. That's just a
That's just a separate story. Well, you started to say they're just a scam is what that is
But that doesn't make that doesn't make him dumb though
That doesn't make me he was dumb. He's not dumb. Not for sure. No
I don't not to be good not to be getting carried to free road like that for that many years. He can't be too dumb
I suppose that's not for that matter. I don't understand the pretty bright guy
But besides that and then he drove for 500 some odd yards in the game on Saturday
And break the all-time fsu record my buddy Chris Lanky with his bed of foot and everything and two and a half quarters
He did that right
But you know something that pressure is not interested in the only interest the only right is intelligence on the field
That's what they consider that's absolutely correct. That's the only thing that counts them
You got to straighten out thank you sir the only thing that counts is you're intelligence on the field on the court on the ice and the
That's it. That's what counts because I'd be smart. I don't be dumb like Frito. I'd be smart
Is no one there yet? No, Jesus. This is turning out to be and I hit that guy and why another call on there
And he gave up because he didn't think it was going to take any calls
That would probably be all the calls we're going to get today
Now we probably could use the spider portal
What kind of an anti-Semitic host job George in here on Friday since he hates you Jews like poison
Which I find rather amusing because it's a Cuban Jew thing
You know use hate the Cubans and the Cubans hate the Jews and everybody hates the Shortses
Or is it the other way around they hate everybody? How do the Shortses and other Shortses and the Cubans okay along it either
To black people get along with anybody in this country. Oh no
Which brings me to today's poor question before I get to this memo
The biggest my rat and doing it because today is the million family march in this Louis Faracan
Is shooting off his big mouth again
But it would seem to me that
That black folks in this country would have much more important things to be doing on a Monday than marching
You know, you're gonna do it on a weekend
But most people are working like an assembly something like that
But it would seem that on a Monday when most people are supposed to be at work
Would be not a good day to encourage millions of people who come slough into Washington to the Washington
Munging it to a marching and for no particular purpose except that Louis Faracan wants to make some more money because he's making a flashed year
You
Wouldn't you think that they find better things to do
Like maybe you know working in jobs. I mean even on Monday somebody's got to eat burgers, huh
right
The biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is
Here are three choices big a tree
lack of education and job skills or lack of responsibility
Now that's a good feature. Do I give a good pull or why I give great pull
big a tree lack of education and job skills or lack of responsibility
Which is the biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today when I say blacks
I'm not gonna break it down. I'm not gonna the african American and all that other garbage. I'm tired of that
I'm sick of all the all the labels all these hyphenated people out there. I'm tired of it
Now can I get to that damn bee-sling them all which are it's not really that long
But I hate to start reading the first sentence because then if zo comes on here with his damn kidney update
Uh, then I'll leave everybody hang on which I hate to do
Don't I hate doing that? No, no, I like doing that
October 11th 2000 to all BBGI employees can I ask you this question?
I understand that BBGI is the symbol on the Nasdaq for Beavily stock
But since when did BBGI oh, I say BB Broadcast group ink
Till until this moment I never realized that the tagine was just a pimps
I never realized that that's what that's good for
Beavily broadcast group ink BBGI
How do you like to ask? See you learn something every day from George G. Beavily chairman and C.E.
It says that even read this huh?
Not on the air save it for me. Oh, yeah
Oh because I couldn't do it justice. No
Well, I can't do it justice either because I'm reading it
I'm reading with one eye on the page and one eye on the TV watch
Watching these freaky grotesque people on Sally there. Oh, I will say that let's hear it for Sally
She doesn't have any teenagers kids in boot camp today
This is the one show out of the month where she's not doing teenagers at boot camp
And the way and you wonder what's wrong with the women of America watching this crap every day
Although I have to wonder what's wrong with the men of America
You realize forget about the bushmeister which I'm on the plane coming back
I read this great book by Paul Bagalla is our children learning the case against George W. Bush
Which I have in my hand right now
Fascinating reading the best
terrifying
So not only are the majority of men in this country bush people, but they also gave a door and age now
Here's a guy to have a limpa member a gimp hand and still they mark in white men voted in favor of the door
Does that tell you what the average IQ?
I mean this last guy that was talking about dumb people moving like that
So while the women I was trying to catch up on being is done by watching these stupid Sally Jesse and all these other guy damn shows
They got a long way to go I think
What do the men base their vote on?
Because you said last week something about bushes more macho. Did you say that?
Not me. Yes, you did not me. They had macho. No
Why the hell would I say that?
That doesn't even sound like something that's so sarcastically. Yeah, you said he was macho
I said can't ask my smacho and he said the AC says
the 15th of
I'll get to that
And he sure can speak the espaniol but here just like the English he doesn't know what means
But he sure can speak it because he's down to the world. There's Mexican buddies. He's bunked by buddies
Anyway, I guess I'll read the memo because I don't think I don't think George's gonna have any press conference today when you come right down
What I think I got my own hose job in here
And
I'm being forced to see her watch a guy damn channel out of the corner my eye
Which I realize I'm supposed to be doing a guy damn radio show
But I like having the TV on there just in case there might be something worthwhile going on
And I'm sitting here watching this stupid bitch with those idiotic lanterners this Sally Jesse who makes me want a barf
I told her that time that she was on i and z years ago
I don't know who the hell show she was on and she was in the building over there in the atrium
Wondering around like a loss. I walked out there during commercial break with CDS news whatever hell was and she's wandering around like looking at the ceiling and the floor like
Space cadet and you want to know why cuz she's a goddamn space cadet that's why
You know we could watch and listen to about where you go and stop Florida right now people
Yeah talking about alarms and running
Yeah, he's off my show goddamn it. Are you crazy?
There's a guy close
Yeah
He blows big time
Wherever you go can I ask you this question during this last weekend
I mean I was in Vegas and maybe I'm out of touch wherever you went where people talking about zoe and his kidneys
Whoever I wouldn't yeah, no, no, and I mean I only got back last night, but in the airport nobody was talking about it
And I turned on tv and I watched a whole bunch of stuff was anybody talking about oh no
The only people talking about it where there's like a program director in there and
The sports nerds in here
There's the only people talking about it about your sports nerds like that nerd himself
Taurus with Jackie. Yeah, if you look up nerd in the dictionary his pushes next to it mr. personality
So I would at least they're just doing the same thing they're vaping and filling for time. I can't do this thing now because we gotta do the break
Which is good cuz I already milked this for over half an hour at school and you huh milked a memo
I'm squeezing it baby gotta go for my therapy this afternoon after the show for my first day of therapy for my hand
Which is out of the cash let's hear
Yeah
Got a lot of practice with this hand in Vegas over the weekend. No, not doing that with those slot machines
Make any money. Oh lost my ass
Out everything and the one thing about it where we went mgm, which is where we stayed
Thanks again. Scott. You're a good guy good intentions. We lost their ass
It's propaganda x caliber the in New York, New York no matter where we went. It was quiet
I mean, I'm not talking about in terms of number of people it was packed the city was packed out there this weekend hard to get a hotel room
But it was quiet like audio. You know i think we're walking usually her bells are going off people are screaming
People are you know somebody's winning some money very kind of quiet this weekend
This is five sixty two a.m. Put me a Roger show you sports radio live 60s
You a hand what that man be doing to you
I don't know woman hit me no good or need go back to jail
Now we'll be that other smooth man who takes your money
I don't know man let me tell you something just you could have given that money to me
I do not bays and I am out of incense
If you were not so stupid I would say it's around chicken bones and conserves a spirit of estero
God you'd be so fine
Experience the benefit of your credit card reading and help subsidize the ever growing telemarketing industry that came us to the
Unimportant Negro for only
Nineteen-nine a second I will tell you what you want to hear and less than you already know
Oh now to get pleased go to the bay phone at your local check-catching store and dial one eight hundred
two
Ten forty nine at five sixty w two
I guess Georgia and I must be the only relentless bastards in town who are not
Overwhelmed by this story that we just wasted about four forty five minutes
Potsking around with here. I mean first of all was it really necessary to hear about the doctor's ball movement this morning
And how he had the conference in Toronto what hotel he stayed at what flight he came back on the name of the flight attendant
What he had for dinner and all of a sudden a good so not to mention all the different universities that he had the
Retended or won't spoke at it said it went so on
So long so yeah exactly on him what
So the ones who ain't playing I thought very jackass
One time at the you know one thing I'll say about very jackass can't say too much for him at least he's consistent
He's consistently wrong
Wrong as usual the Miami-Herald gets it wrong which they do all the time
He gets it wrong. Oh yeah even in the paper as of this morning
Very jackass in this story. Oh yeah morning is a
It's all friends that he plans to play this season. Did he play in this season? No, how could he have said that based on what we just heard
How could he have ever said that and he knows the little shot he took a berry in there like you're a little fat
Poe-wack and piece of crap and the Harold blows and I wouldn't like my ass with it
I think I'm paraphrasing but in that basically what he said. Yeah, something like that
That's what he said he said I wouldn't like to get bottom of my burn cage with it if I had a bird
He said Larry birds wouldn't line the bottom of his ass with it
You jackass berry and appropriately named so I guess I don't know what value do now
Because we had a couple of people call her very upset with me because I played that the excesses music in the background
It wasn't any lack of respect because even though I really don't care about the story that much
I wish him all in good luck to him
There's a lot of six people out there in Edensity and most of them don't have millions and millions of dollars
And most of them aren't being on television and have a press conference what they get ill
I was just told George when I came back from Amsterdam with my busted hand in my crack ribs that I have a press conference
Oh, when I came back from my stroke 12 years ago did I have a press conference?
No
When I came back from those four days in Mount Sinai, it was in nearly kill me
Have my gallbladder out did I have a press conference? Oh, I could have died in that thing did I have a press conference?
No, no
I mean somewhere along the line
Some of you people need mental health especially the sports mood serious serious mental health
Anyway, here's the mental taking me 52 minutes to finally get to this goddamn memo
Oh, and before I do that can I get Sally Jesse off my damn TV? Please please
Anything to get her off oh
Oh god a punishment worse than that and why couldn't they have done that in the press conference?
I mean in a press release couldn't they have done that
And put the whole guys resume on there and that's right. They could have had a 10-page press release and put the whole thing on there
But no, we have to have a big song in advance because everything every jockey and America has to have a big song in the
Then and like I said before there are people just as good as a lot of them morning out there who don't have the millions of dollars
Who aren't having a press conference?
They help them who ailments are even far more horrendous than what he's got at the risk of snouting intensive
Just as good a players
Just this tall
What the hell was that? Please don't tell me that fax machine ran out again
Which I keep telling you to get a real one you won't do it and I'll pay for
See this is the thing I don't understand about this place things that I want that I'm willing to pay for like the the voice writer
That we wanted like two and a half years ago
Did we ever get it? Oh no, thanks machine like a real one where the numbers work when you want them sent something out
They all actually punched on have we got it? No no
George Beasley sends us this memo last Friday
As you may be aware articles have appeared both yesterday and today in inside radio
Alluding to a potential merger or sale of Beasley broadcast group and corporate it
The information conveyed in these two articles could not be more unfounded
It's difficult to imagine what fuel such specializations perhaps someone is attempting to bolster their own position by creating a false scenario
My preference and I trust yours as well is to bolster bng i's position the broadcasting industry by accurately reporting our company solid performance
As I've commented to you in the past
Beasley broadcast group is in good financial shape for the competitive market position
Above average growth prospect and a strong balance sheet with which to support continued growth
Which is why we can't pay you on time and some of you folks haven't got paid for months
The Beasley family and the bng i voted directors are passionate about radio. In fact, we might even go out and buy one someday
Yeah, they might actually go out and buy one and then they might actually take a course and fight out how to turn it on
It's what we've successfully done for nearly 40 years and it's what we intend to do well into the 21st century
Signed George W. Beasley. Let's hear it. Anybody believe in that memo? No, no, that's inches it for me
Which group you think is buying
Because as soon as the strident denial start coming in you know they're full of crap
Here's a mobile and your field b tell how are you Neil? Okay, I wonder how many people took off the work to watch at
Stupid press conference if
Anyhow I have probably the million families
I'm telling you I like this weekend to go get some kneel gear at the um to get a keychain from us
Yeah, and I live in gearfield and I call the one-out cold square and I talk to the maybe they should call to fix
I'm not sure but I talked to somebody there and I asked him if they had the kneel gear and the guy said yeah
And I specifically asked him about the keychain. Yeah, come on down
I drive all the way from gearfield feeds out there. I get there and they say oh I thought you meant the cd
I said I asked like he chain cd keychain
I word can they get some competent people in there? Oh wondering if you can just give me a quick
If on the air where a specks that has your keychanges they haven't built it yet
They haven't built it yet. No
So we have to see the the I'm glad that you called to beat me to the punch because this is the next piece of bad news
I have the baby said it was in my ass and Vegas
Uh is the fact that the the nephew comes in here this morning to lay on the news to me that specks is got the the CDs in the cassettes and
They're not the keychanges and I went uh
Huh, you said oh why never said they were gonna have the keychains and he kind of like maybe next year
He said kind of well started here. Oh jeez can we still order him through the web store?
Yes, sir. That's the only place you get him plus so whenever they go out in our raki way in band great
I got to get a bunch of those things are awesome. They're the best we need a volume two three four every month
Pull one out. Okay. Thank you. Thanks amigo. So there you go
There's a bad news the good news is specks has got the CDs and the cassettes the bad news they don't have the keychains
Because we're still working on that and because they don't know how to do things right here
But hey, we're used to that by now after three years of this at least like very jackass their consistent
This is five sixty QAF
Fort radio five sixty WQF by heavy port Lauderdale
A feasely broadcast group station has WQF got up for the world
This is your friend. He had to me often mention Bob remove any questions
My balls started twitching
The story about a girl named white
Every morning
She went up
With all the tests back in me
She's with the famous
She's a star and she's still just a teen
They go
Why do you see
Don't run
So
Just
Hey
she
When she's young and she just help the guy come and sing
But she's real and happy and her mood is trappy
Hey come on, she can't even look at things
You're gay
She is gay, she's really young
It's just in her dreams
And they say she's the whitey
What a pain that she starts to wipe
I need nobody, can they say
That she knows her career will last long
That's why she is whining in this town
11.0.2.5.50 WQA
Did I mention about national airlines?
I guess it was a long time ago
So long that I forgot all about it
They really are great, thank you God bless you national airlines
That's what I got a freebie, I paid two of the nose
But they're dynamite
It's a great thing when you find an airline that actually gets some place on time
And takes off on time and treats you
Food, going out, if you get on a flight that leaves like late at night like we did on Thursday night
They don't serve an awful lot
Like in first class at Tamale
Just like at Tamale on a plane, not even a good Tamale
So they're not really big on food on this year
I know they're coming back yesterday because it was like around a little after lunchtime
The food just keeps on coming
Not gigantic portions but pretty damn good
So I give them an A-plus national airlines
Anybody wants to go to Vegas?
Be my guest, like I said it's a great place so I have a lot of fun
I'm not going to be going back for 20 or 30 years, I'm going to burn out
So are we the only ones who are on impressed?
I mean, I don't want to sound callous or insensitive
At anybody's ailment, not necessarily a serious thing
But I just don't understand the fewer and the hoopla on the outcry and the history and it's a lot of fun
About this thing, I just don't get it
We'll find out
Because about the only response we got off the air was George getting about three people calling him saying
Why is he playing that music at this respectful?
He's a pretty son of a bitch, stuff like that
Which is fine if you want to say that
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
New York good morning
Yes, sir
Hi, I'm an African American male and I also hate using latal farms as no big way
I just consider a lot of those morning press conference and I also stuff like vocal actors, the robots, the other of the chick
I'm pretty bad notes with that for about four years now
Uh-huh
My case
Did you have a press conference?
No, I didn't
Okay
Um, my case came from a used uh, not Toronto, uh, anti-inflammatory
And when I was playing football in high school, so that's where did that and stuff
But a good case for a long go is well, and also for me because the way they tricked this is basically uh,
It brought off by some onset of some some disease that for me it was um, hot love purchase
And so the treatment for this which is probably it may be for a long go, it may not be for a long go, I don't know
But the treatment is basically dioretic, um, change the diet
And um, I'd look for a medication now
This thing is not that it was often about with these um, you know, the press
I've never heard that before and I've been going to the nephrologist for the last four years along with my primary care care
So this is probably the new that I have, and I've just heard of now uh, maybe when I bring it up to my nephrologist maybe
She'll know a little bit more, but she also went to uh, meeting up in Toronto, I believe that's what he said
Yeah, they had all my whole classrooms locked up for this guys, yeah
Yeah, so I'll also bring it up, but yeah, I, the way it came down on me was I also had a demon in the feet
And also I had this painful scene in my foot, I think it's called cow
Yeah
And that, and once I got there, I had the first time and I went to the doctor and got it checked out
And basically they did a lot of tests and all that stuff and that's how they filed out
Yeah, so how do you do that? Is it on the control?
Yes it is, what they tried to do, what they tried to do is
In some sense, you're always going to have some damage to the city if I accept the way they explained
There's going to be some scarring, there's some irreversible scarring, they're not going to be able to change
But, well, it's trying to prevent future scarring and try to reverse the scarring that they can, that they can reverse
And basically that's what they try to do because the kidney is very important
They can show blood pressure and control some of the other things
So, you know, I feel pretty good, I lead a pretty healthy life, I exercise, I run
You have to change the diet, it has to go to a low-salt, low-fat diet
Also, the cholesterol, yeah, because you know how particularly in my family, my mother and father, they tend to like a lot of spicy or a lot of kind of greasy things
Oh, I have to change that diet, I have to change that diet, I have to change that diet
Okay, yeah, after it's full, I want to give you an idea, let you know, just putting me with us out here, we do very well, we'll live very well
And you know, you just have to take it one day at a time
There you go, okay, you take care of yourself
Okay, thank you sir
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line out of town, 87778560345
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hello, yes sir, how are you doing, Neil?
All right, it's just the important stuff, when you're in Vegas, did you play that new Spanish 21?
So, I blocked after, what do you know when you're following you go there?
No, I didn't play in those 21
Oh, you don't play Blackjack?
No, that's great, I'm sorry
I said, no, I didn't play it
We are going out on national, though, in January, I've heard a lot of good about it
I'm going to tell you, you won't believe what a great airline it is, I'm serious, I'm not exaggerating, I paid for it to full amount, but
they're great
Yeah, but we're really interested, we've forgotten about them also, we go out there every January and we finally found it, but actually it was a good rate
I mean, I'm like America worst, which can't seem to get to get to right together, and which used to fly those puddle jumpers,
would take forever to get out there and back
We got out there in about a little over 4.5 hours, maybe 4.40 and come to back, it was 4 hours and 15 minutes
And the 5-767, right?
Yes, sir
Yeah, much better than the 7 and whatever it is that the miracle was flying
You bet
Okay, well, I just don't know if they're not going to play a game with them, maybe we'll have some money if that one too
No, no, hey, good listen, if I don't know them, have a great day, pal, have a good time
Yeah, see, Vegas is great, but after a while there's certain times you get burned out on things, it's like anything
Huh?
But, like, finance splits, I mean you could love a banana split, but after the first 4.000, I mean, I don't think anymore
Like Peter Leonard, I'm burned out on him, I don't want to see him again, he's killing me with all that food
Oh, he is, he is killing me, and I just, I've decided the way to solve that is just keep him out of here
Fact where, keep him out of here
Chris, we need to keep him out of here
See, now he's at all surely in there, oh, gee, we're really sorry, he gets very defensive Chris, and of course we can understand why
It's my minutes after 11 at 560 WQM, you are fantastic
The world wide web, if you aren't online and working your own business, you're well off the pace now
But now, there's an online company that can help you catch up, ewuffy.com
It's the new way to eliminate all the hard work that goes into building, maintaining and advertising a high-tech website
And takes you right to its ultimate conclusion in one easy step
I've always wanted to start my own e-bus and ewuffy.com, help you run through all my cash reserves, and declare Chapter 11 quickly
Without the hassle of actually hiring or laying off anybody
ewuffy.com's online professional can translate their knowledge into quick results for you every time
Without ewuffy.com, I could have spent 12 to 18 months on hard work trying to keep my e-bus as a phone
But ewuffy.com made it easy for me to go into and out of business in no time at all
That's because ewuffy.com can provide you with its proprietary software called NoChance
Once you install it on your computer, you'll see how impossible it is to actually make money without doing porn
ewuffy.com made it possible for me to go broke without giving up my day job ewuffy.com
When you want to start your own online business, we'll take the worry out of going broke
So I'm going to ask you how's that, Jerox?
1114 at 5.60 WQM, million family rallies underway baby today, baby today
Louis Farrakhan, staging another memorable rally that says almost certain to highlight his efforts to transform the nation of Islam
And himself into a major and more inclusive player in mainstream politics
Can't get no more mainstream than look maybe if you get like some of that registered stuff to wear
Yeah, like a new wardrobe myself
Because he don't look to mainstream meats like the guy that hands out those leaflets
Is peddling those leaflets on the street corner out here and I'm doing 441 every day
I've heard questions today the biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is lack of responsibility
As leading so far with 36 lack of education and job skills is in second place with 31
And bigotry is in the distant third with only eight
That's up hole the biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is which of those three
The globe says low ten and bush was too drunk to fly
And then I also picked up what I mentioned before
Paul Begalla's great book is our children learning with a picture of George W. there on the front
With that with the figure on his forehead the case against George W. Bush
Now people would say the Republicans of course would say well you know that Paul Begalla
He was a advisor of growing Clinton and the good buddies with that bald head of geek James Carvel
Which all of that is absolutely true but everything in this book is well documented
Very well written with footnotes and a whole thing about 130 pages
And you know something I might just read the whole thing on a year today the way it looks on the phone here
Huh do you think that might be a good idea?
Or else we'll just repeat the Alonzo press conference over and over again
We got it on tape because it is Monday
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lines
Here's our last call, Boyton B. Chilo
Yes, I looked at the press conference when I was very winded by Intel and all those decos
Like it can get money back. Thank you
And don't forget Xerox please
And don't forget Xerox how can you leave that out?
And at this TV she wanted to go out and say, you may not be good but he's like Barry Jackass
Not good but at least consistent. He picks all losers
How is that possible?
I mean you think just by accident like shooting darts at a board sooner or later you hit something
Not Mitch, he's consistent. He couldn't have brought the bomb with his fists
Here's a mobile and top and all, hello
Early in the hour
Okay
Let me tell you something, I'm a little team that the news I think it's really pathetic
Just because this guy, Alonzo, morning, I don't even follow his support
I know he's a bad ball player but they got to jump all over the story
And make this guy to be something really not
What about all these kids that might be children's hospital and Genomaggio
You know what? He's a run their freaking cameras down there and turn them on and say, hey, look at all these children
Help them now
So here's the guy that makes about $15 or $20 million a year
I think he's going to be okay
He's probably got pretty good health insurance through the team
And he's got all that money, all those millions of dollars
So he's got the best medical care that money can buy in the world
And there are a lot of people out there that can't get any medical care
Yeah, you got that like neck collar, three or four calls back
The one that has a problem with doubt and all that
And all it's all about money, buddy
How about this?
You got the money, you're going to get the information and the best hope that money can buy
As George would say, you got it
$567,000, come on, let's get going here, man
Let's have a show, I realize we're under a little bit of pressure here today with a stupid press conference
That we're a little bit off balance, a little bit out of sync
It sure worked for me, I'll tell you that
$567,000, $560,000, $560,000, I'll piss off
They all think that we're being irreverent and not taking this serious enough
Not that I don't take it seriously, I just don't think it's that important
It doesn't affect our lives, does it affect your life?
No, does it affect my life?
No
Here's a mobile in homestead, hello
Neil, how you doing this one?
Okay, hey, I feel the same way you feel about this Alonzo morning thing
But that's not why I call it
I'm flying out to Las Vegas
I love to walk on a money free to win out there, fella, let's play money if you get
Oh really?
Yeah
Well, I've never played, I'm not going there to play actually, it's a little getaway from me and my wife
And I'm flying on the same airline you are, are you fool?
Yeah, national the best
Really?
The best in the world
I never even heard of them
Well, I'm just telling you they're great, I mean, they're relatively new but boy they do a good job, they've got good planes
and they treat you right and they just they leave on time and they just seem to have their act together
Well, that's, thank God, I'm looking forward to that
Let me ask you a question, Neil, what do you do in Las Vegas and I don't think it's...
Move my hand
I don't gamble
Uh-huh
But what else do you do?
You know, Renekar, Renekar, you go and see all the, you can go to the Alps, see all the shows
You can go eat all of the phase, go around with the different casinos, eat to the phase and eat tons of food, very cheap
You can drive out to the mountains and see all the unbelievable scenery, you can go to the Grand Canyon, all kinds of things you can do
Oh, great, yeah, I'm thinking of going to Hoover Dam on Saturday
There you go
Yeah, well, I'm looking forward to it
Just leave your money at home
Yeah, there you go
Okay, now, have a great time
I'll give you a call and let you know I'll win
Okay, thanks, Neil
So you're speaking, I forgot the most important part of the whole thing I was going to tell you about my trip about my international airport
You idiots out there that are always talking about this being a world-class city, and I have to last my, I laugh my ass off every time I hear that
See, I'm begging you, I've been telling you this for years, all you poor bastards out there that are stuck here
Once in a while, just hijack a plane, do something and go someplace
And see what the real world is all about
This is a world-class city
We leave Thursday night, the flight's three to nine, twenty or nine, whatever the hell it is, nine, forty
So we're walking through the airport about eight, twenty eight, thirty
And it's out there in Concourse H, way out at the end
Which is fine, it's over the new Concourse, Delta's in there
And being a schmuck that I am, instead of going and getting all the magazines reading material and all the stuff we want to take on the plane
Like in the main part of the terminal, you figure out anywhere you go out there, hide your resultant
Anywhere you go out there, it's going to be all kinds of stuff in each terminal, right? Am I right about that?
Not if you're there like past six o'clock at night, or seven o'clock
See any real airport, any real, I mean like even in Geneva, New York, they must have an airport that has got magazine in the new state and candy and smumpin'
Passed seven o'clock at night, not at MIA, not at freaking MIA
Because once it gets to be about eight o'clock at MIA, they put everything away
That's right, and I realize that there must be some parts like in the main part of the terminal
And then of course coming back last night, forget about it
Get back in there at eight to twenty at night, supposed to get an eight to go to 10 minutes early, national airlines are sensational
And they really are, I'm not exaggerating, they're great
Get back 10 minutes early, and not that we need the buy-in thing, but just out of curiosity, you look at around as you go into that concocious
There is nothing, there is the newspaper, there is an magazine, there is a candy bar, there is no goddamn hand grenades, there's nothing
Absolutely, positively, zero, Zippuribuda
This town, it's just, I mean no matter where you're going no matter what you do, it's all the same, bush, freaking league
At least it's consistent, like very jackass, there is a major newspaper
Now here's this big story today, the Zoes story, which could have been handled a lot differently as far as I'm concerned
But nonetheless, here's this story which I guess is important to a lot of people
Did the hero get it right?
Oh no
And again as usual, right in the front page, just like there's 75 part series about a radio station or big competition down there
At 1900 on the dial, then nobody can hear and nobody wants to hear that, nobody's listening to
That was also on the front page
Very jackass, this kid has got to have naked pictures of the whole night family, the John S. Night family doing billi-ghosts
Or maybe just doing each other, he's got to have, he's got to have more naked pictures than they got around this place
Because he can't get anything right, this little fat tub of crap
But I mean, if you want to understand what this town is all about, the epitome of this town, just going to Miami International Airport
In the evening, I'm not talking at two o'clock in the morning, I'm talking about it in the evening
Can you imagine going into like Atlanta Airport eight o'clock at night, everything's closed down
Oh, Dallas, Airfield, Logan Airport and Boston, oh, anywhere, I'm trying to think of any place, I mean bigger than Geneva
Where you could go in there at 8 o'clock at night and then I'll find anything, because everybody's gone home
There's something desperately, desperately, desperately wrong with this town
Bush, freaking league
And I see Friday night, the big hockey game that I wasn't here for, which I did give the tickets away, but didn't get used, I'm sorry to tell you
But anyway, I tried
And I understand the attendance around the league is weak, and the schedule sucks like it says in the paper this morning, all of these things
But, but you've got to be kidding me, the second home game of the season on a Friday night
When the schedule is this far, and they're spread out over that longer period of time
It's not like people are asking, hey, come on out and support the team and have a sell it out every night
Two games a week apart, there's not another home game until the 18th against Jersey
And the excuse last week was, oh, you've got to be crazy, and you're leaving, it's opening night
There's the big FSU Miami game, there's the dolphin game on Sunday, none of which won the same day
With your dolphin game this weekend?
No, a raccoon game?
No, no
Anything else big going on in town this weekend?
No, no
Besides Neil coming back to the airport
You know something, when I got to the airport, I should have called up my friends to the channel 10
And held a press conference
It said, I just came back from Vegas and I lost my ass
And so I Alice Rattell, I didn't see him, John saw him out there
Yeah, that would have been big news
Had a frickin press conference on my own
Because every time somebody of any importance in this country, forth, they have a press conference on TV
And you get to smell it live while it's still in the air while the pungent aroma is still floating around in the air
Yeah, it's a dog floating around in the air
I was going there, a little dog
Oh!
God
26th after 11 at 5, 60 WQA
Are you like insiders out there?
Do people, and do me a favor, do yourself a big favor, stay away from Peter Leder, this man will kill you
Trust me when I tell you
It brings in a 16 course meal in here on Friday on Thursday, whatever the hell they was
Stay out of here, Peter Leder, your persona non-grata in this studio
But Neil Roger shows you sports radio 560s, QA, F, Me on God
Tonight, Hanni goes undercover to reveal a frightening aspect of who could be the next president of the United States
George Bush is the antichrist
Of course, I care about all the issues faced in America
But you might have reached a point where you'll go
Like all candidates, I support term limitations
I have ten thresholds, the new one letter you've reserved, Martin
Unlike the previous administration, I'd bring dignity back to the overlap
Yeah, after I rip off your skin and snack on your balls
Join Sam Neil, your host, for tonight's engine ease
George Bush, the antichrist
Big day mates, tomorrow night, let me tell you what now, if Gordon will that debate
If he doesn't take those gloves off of Winter Bates, tomorrow night he hasn't got a child in Stanson hell
I'll tell you that right now, just remember you heard it on this show, that's the terrifying news
You better get with it, Al
Here's Poppano Beach, hello
Yeah, I'm Coliel
Yes, sir
Yeah, I gotta tell you, you are a god
Yeah, incredible
I felt like I was being punished this morning
Because I was fortunate to you and I had Sally on
Uh-huh
And I think we should start a quiet action through the QIM for making you do that
Making me do what? They didn't make me do it, but I mean they would have been very upset if I didn't
Because this is all they know, they don't understand after three years that this show is their bread and butter
And then all of a sudden, an extraneous sport stuff is mostly a bunch of crap
And I'm not talking about Alonza mornings, I hope being a bunch of crap
Obviously, but that's something that couldn't have been condensed, that couldn't have been narrowed down
And we passed along the news in 30 seconds or less as opposed to like throwing a whole god damn show off
Which I don't care, it killed an hour or so Monday anyway, but it's just not the right way to do it
They don't know the right way to do it here
I think I want to write to you station manager and ask the letter
Well, I won't do any good
I believe that
Because he may not have anybody around to read it to him
Yeah, and on the political note, I was thinking maybe Al Gore and Bush
It's right up for Halloween and we just vote on the best costume
Okay
All right, thanks
I think that's what we're doing, is that what we're doing?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, which one, which?
How 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon were also on the floor
I'm going to just, my feet are like all dried out, my hand, my skin, it's the biggest thing yet
I was just telling Joe Resoli, Joe was telling me about his last recent trip to a Vegas coming back on America worst airlines
It was another nightmare, they're like very jackass
Yeah, they're consistent
America worst, has anybody ever had a good flight on America worst?
Oh, I never heard about one, all I hear is nightmares, horror stories all the time
So now you have an alternative, you got this national airlines
And I'm not going to be going back to Vegas anytime soon, so it's not like I'm on here sucking around to get on their good side
So next time I go for free all the way to something to think about, but I'm not going anytime soon
I'm burned out, I'll let the rest of you go there and take your money
I was in the effort by my good buddy, Matrish, and all those good tips I get the inside information I know is stock
So first of all, Sukkis even assuming it was, it may have been, because I think Sukkis in October may have been, but it's not a religious holiday
So that's the, but there's our excuse, it was Sukkis, that's why the Jews didn't show up for the hockey game on Friday
Five, as to the same reason they're not called on this show here today
Because they're all pissed off because George did four hours of anti-Semitism here on Friday, which I didn't hear any of it obviously
But I'm sure that's what it was
And he's laughing and nervous laugh because he knows it's true
Skating, oh yeah, skating, oh that's okay, bother me
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, last call for some phone calls, I'm just going to read this old book on the air, cover the cover, that's what I'll do
This is pathetic, here's a mobile in Margey, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey dear man, last time I'm listening the first time calling man
I'm right
I wanted to say man, you know I hired the person I feel when they were talking about Alonzo and his kidney and so forth
But as a fan of the Miami Heat, what's going on with him and the Miami Heat? How long is he going to miss?
Hello
Yeah
How long is he going to miss? You know, do you have any idea on his time frame here?
Ten years
Ten years
Yeah
Get out of here
Five
Five, get out of here
Two and a half
Get out of here, he flies over to the higher man
How about one and a half
He's still going to hurt the heat man
He's going to win, man
He's going to hurt the heat, is that what you just said sir?
He's going to hurt the heat
Sure, I get hysterical, let me just make sure I understood the words that came from your thick lips
Did you just say he's going to hurt the heat?
He's going to hurt by him, as a fan, I hate to see him go, but if he's going to be hurt, he's not going to hurt the heat
But you said he's going to hurt the heat
He's going to hurt the heat man
He's got kidney disease man
He's got the top doctors in the universe sitting right there with a long resume that you heard this morning
And you're telling me he's going to hurt the heat, that's your reaction to it?
I heard the resume, but I didn't hear anything about his time frame, how long is he going to miss, man?
That's as a fan, as a person I'm feeling bad and I'm...
No, he don't feel bad, all you care about is that he'd be there so you can win
That's true, though
Okay, thank you
He's got a lot of nerve that along, though
Yeah, along, so I got news for him, man, that your public is pissed off because you're going to hurt the heat
That's right, I just heard it from Mr. Schwarzer here right here just a moment ago
You're going to hurt the heat, you better reconsider
You better go ahead and play, and if you die, you die, but in the meantime, you'll score a few points
That right there, that's summed it up perfectly
One call on the board, is this one call of the time Monday? Is that what this is today?
I'm serious, let's replay the press conference
I'm sure there must be some Arabs and Jews killing each other again today, let's put that on
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
We have reached the bottom, we've reached rock bottom here today, this is the end
Here's a mobile implantation, hello
Neil, good morning, how are you doing?
Okay
I called you a while ago before you were on your vacation talking about the citrate
I remember I talked to you about the stock market
I don't know, I do get a lot of calls some days
I told you you can buy it at 15 or 16
Which I did do, which I did do in soba to 22
And when short, so I don't know who you broker, but I got a fear to do a fear to listen to the show
You know it's mature, you know he's my broker
Well, why do you say what a guy like me?
How am I going to change a broker every week?
Is that what I'm going to do every week?
No, no, no, no, how many change?
So this guy, he apparently got really in the swing, he doesn't know what to do
He's just playing the stock of the day, I had left the message to George for someone to call
I don't want to go on the air who I am
And I had recommended somebody that would be calling you and apparently you never adhere to the call
But nevertheless...
I never adhered to the call, what does that mean?
Well, you never called, he called you and you never, you know, you wouldn't call him back or whoever calls
I was just trying to help you out in the office other year and I said
Yeah, I know I said and I'm losing my hand over a fist because I got a stock broker that takes all the dog stocks
He falls in love with stocks, stocks that were how to year ago and he just keeps chasing him
NEO, I can tell you that for the month of September I was off 5.5%
Yeah
Which is a winner
Huh?
Which is a winner
And now everything I have is moving straight back up again so you're just in the wrong place
This guy is going to his stock of the day, why for flavor of the day he said the stock of the day
Well, you're not interested
Well, citrus is not the stock of the day these days, it hasn't been the stock of the day for over a year now
It's been a little bit more than
But he'll ride the guy with by stock on the way down
He's trying to catch a falling dagger
Right, that's right
Exactly, well you said the first time, okay, thank you
Isn't it remember when he said that exactly the same thing?
See, so my stock broker blows but you got to get some new material man
Like you're like falling on a, what do you say?
Falling on a broken stick, something like that
And then stick it up your, uh, yeah, that's what I can do with all the stocks I got
Now this guy means well he's right, he's got a good point, but don't worry about it
I just lost plenty of money in Vegas, I can afford it, I'm spreading it around a little bit
Sharing the wealth, helping me totally
That's correct, I'm helping, I'm watching a trickle down, right down my leg
21-1 till known is 560 WQA
I want to do, I give you the real thing here now
Come on America, time to grow up and step outside the closet
Celebrate the secure sleepers and bring out the game and bring out the game and bring out the game and bring out the game
And out the game is on all the agents you can get
Christian, preachers and all the religious writers, they're not fooling anyone anymore
It's in the papers of the day, so why not catch up with the rest of the world?
In Zoli's disciples the truth is that you're so free
Next time you want to reach out for good, reach for a hand full of that
Celebrate the secure sleeper and bring out the game and bring out the game and bring out the game isauf your secret
And bring out the game is your disciples that you're game
So, Leaven45 at 560 WQA so the Globe has a story here and of course on the Epolyan I care a lot of good time meeting all the Attabloids
It's great, Lieutenant Bush was too grant the fly
You call that a penis?
Shocking medical reports documenting that George W. Bush was often too drunk to fly when
he was in the Texas Air National Guard are said to be released on an effort to destroy
his presidential hopes of source confide.
The young lieutenant was a big drinker and if he had been subtly called to duty would not
have been allowed in the cockpit.
It is claimed.
The reports experts agree our potential bombshell look at the Derella Bush campaign if
genuine they were absolutely done in my forecast one insider.
They appear to show that while other guys as age were dying in Vietnam George W. was
parting like crazy in Houston.
If you had been called to fly in several occasions he would have been able to because of alcohol
consumption and hangover.
The papers have been gathered by Renegade Democrats who are furious and outwards decision
not to launch any personal attacks on his opponents as a source.
Governor Bush has made a stunning recovery in the polls that now show the two candidates
running neck and neck.
The Texans already under fire over how we got into the guard and how we appeared to go
AWOL halfway through his service.
Critics have charged that Bush only enlisted to keep from being sent to Vietnam according
to sources he was assigned to a squad nickname the Champagne unit and turned into a wild party
animal.
The group aiming to derail Bush as they gathered detailed evidence about several lost
weekends reveals the insider.
They elicit that he and his best buddy regularly took off down the Mexico spending days
ricking Tequila and chasing local girls.
When they got back on base they were too blind to deflie when they arrived and still on
fifth and following day.
In checking if Bush and the night I'm able to fly because of drinking, Loeb spoke to
a well-played source in Texas for major with a governor's service.
He confirmed that Bush is flying experience with a national guard in Texas and after he
refused to take a medical exam.
It was a mandatory physical but he refused to take it to the source.
Presumably he was concerned about what it would show.
At many forfeited this pilot's license and could not pilot any longer.
Instead the future governor applied the switches and a service to the Alabama National Guard
in a non-flying paper-shuffling role but according to numerous sources including the man
who would have been his commander Bush never even showed up for duty.
George W. is military service is a developing scandal at the insider if the two drunken
fly records are released and proved genuine then his glucess cooked.
And right beneath that is a story about Joe Lieberman's wacky divorce.
The only thing I find really wacky in the story is about the fact that his wife Hadassa
has a son from a previous marriage her first husband was rabbi Gordon Tucker of White
Plains New York.
They don't come no more Jewish than the Lieberman.
I'll play that right now.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you going?
All right.
I went to the city accesses last night and I went to Avonchero which is a big big state
going over there to watch the movie.
Going to the stormy.
Well in the part where the two priests are in the room and having sex.
Well no personal.
When she's levitating over the bed.
Or the accesses in the matjapya.
Yeah.
And they're saying the power of Christ who tells you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That about Christ who tells you.
Yeah.
Well, we're saying watch the movie.
Not to mention all the cell phones and all the talking and laughter going on.
I really can't enjoy the movie.
As that's going on and the priests are saying, I know they say it about like 12, 15 times.
That's the power of Christ who tells you exactly.
Well somebody in the audience.
It says, okay, everybody.
Now you got the whole field of chanting that.
Excellent.
Yeah.
I love it.
Thanks for asking all these negative.
Now you can't go to movie theater and enjoy a lot of negative.
Yeah.
5.670560.
0.560 on the AT&T and for Ryze.
Fireful is flying.
And out of town 877-785-6345 which brings to mind our poll questions today.
The biggest obstacle facing Black Central America today is lack of responsibility is 61 votes,
49.5%.
Lack of education job skills, 50, 40.6%.
Bigotry only 12, 9.7%.
Out of a poll free turnout of 123 votes on there.
Speaking of poll free turnout, what is this story here today?
I know this is Monday but this is particularly a question on thing.
You think they're coming back after that?
They think it's still going on.
So you're trying to say that our program director screwed up this high rate.
And here we are three years later kicking serious ass dominating this radio station and
this market and very jackass again being made a total fool out of forgetting the story
wrong consistently.
And again a real big story getting it wrong.
And we're going to take this show and turn it into another series of press conferences
for jocks and coaches and all this other crap.
Is that what you're talking about?
Okay.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I expected to the press conference.
I have a fire report on Friday show.
It was excellent.
It was really really good.
And I completely agree with them with what he says in your professional too.
What do you think about it?
How long did you work all weekend on it?
I got the rough stuff right here.
No, the good show was that the Queen Aster was up.
I like that.
I like that there was a different point of view.
She wasn't afraid to criticize Israel.
And almost as bad like if you criticize Israel like if you criticize the Queen Aster and
the Alien thing.
Yeah.
But this is coming from a guy who says to me that he's shocked by the fact that I'm ashamed
to be Jewish.
No, I don't want to.
So I guess he's never been in Hellendale.
I don't think there's a change to be Jewish in the city.
Okay.
Well, I don't know what he had a sock over it and it's going through its own alike.
You know, Georgia's got a problem with anti-Semitism and I understand that.
And it's probably it is a problem for all the Jews, which doesn't bother me either.
I couldn't care less about any of that stuff.
I'm going to give you a good parallel to business.
I might as well piss everybody off.
I care about as much about what's happening in the Middle East as I do about Alonzo
Morning's press conference this morning.
I put them both on the same level in terms of my own life.
I have no interest in either one.
None.
Zero.
And if that sounds bad, I'm going to say it again.
There are lots of people out there who have lots of illnesses.
There are people with no money who have illnesses far worse than whatever Alonzo Morning
has got.
But the problem is because or everybody is an icon.
And the people in this society are falling in a woman to categories.
No, three categories.
There are the icons, the divas and the rest of her schmucks.
That's it.
That's our class society in America.
You're either an icon, if you're a male, a diva, if you're a female, which I that word
is just makes me nauseous.
Or you're just another schmuck like all the rest of us.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and provides them wireless lines.
I should have stayed in Vegas.
I could have made it all back.
Yeah, I could have done that matured routine and chased my money.
I could have caught you pull down.
Here's a mobile and sweet water.
Hello.
Hey, I just want to say that I think that I showed George this Friday was the best one
ever did.
Uh huh.
And that woman he had on was great.
He had a super personality.
What woman he had on?
I had no idea.
Sure, it's heard to herself as Queen Anne.
I covered that.
Yeah.
She didn't want to get out there for obvious reasons.
Yeah, I don't understand why.
A lot of these guys that I guess for Palestinians called in, I don't know why more
Jews been calling, but it was very because as soon as they heard George was going to
be on the Jews all too bad.
Well, it was a very interesting show and I'll say I don't catch the show much of it
each day, but I catch a little bit.
I don't get the anti-Semitic thing.
I don't know if he just puts a Jew or something.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
You're missing my point.
It's not the way if his position on Israel is just consistent with this problem with
Jews.
He has a Jew problem.
Well, I'll say, I don't see it.
But maybe he knows.
Maybe George has been calling for a little bit.
I'm not going to have any more.
He's done the show for 100 years.
Believe me, I see him every day Monday through Friday for 100 years.
He has a Jew problem.
He doesn't like Jews.
Well, I just thought he's a homophobic and he's in denial about that.
I had a long chat with Joe Costello about this one.
George was out on vacation several weeks ago and he agrees with me.
He knows George is like a book inside and out.
He's got a real problem with bags and Jews, which is why he does this show.
Okay, well, anyway, I thought the show was great.
I'm sure it was.
I have a great thing.
Okay, but see, I'm glad that George did a great show on Friday.
Just like I've been telling you, like when I came back from being on the way for 10
and a half weeks and George had done the show all summer, just like I predicted he did
a great job.
The waiting stayed right up there.
He did fine.
Everybody seemed to be happy.
But today is Monday.
It's not Friday anymore.
Okay?
I don't want to keep dwelling on George's anti-Semitism here on Monday.
And to think that it was stuck as, too, that's really rubbing the salt in the womb.
I'll tell you right now.
Just can't get over this fact.
He don't like the Jews.
Which he thinks it bothers me.
I don't care.
And I saw a crap.
That's such crap, though.
What?
That I don't like the Jews.
It's true.
You have a Jew problem.
That is so nothing could be further from the truth.
I have Jew envy.
If anything.
How could you say that?
Jew bastard.
See?
Now it's starting to come out.
See how much that took?
About two seconds.
So it took.
Just a little provocation and right away, like, yeah.
Setting off a goddamn hot button.
5, 6, 7, 8, I don't have a problem with anybody.
I just have a problem with his audience today because they don't want to play the game
today.
They don't want to talk.
I will read this whole goddamn book.
This part of the Galah book is more interested in the Hint Herb to show that George did
about Jews and Arabs again on Friday.
I don't care about Jews and Arabs.
Don't you understand?
I don't care.
And I might hasten to point out that the Jews aren't the one except for the ones that
kill the Yitzhak Rabin.
But they're not the ones that are terrorizing all over the rest of the world.
Those are the slimeball Arabs.
So you see, we got problems on both sides, but George doesn't care about that.
Like the plaintiffs, they just hijacked from Saudi Arabia over the weekend.
And the guy that is going to do is get out of there.
The US says, cool.
What is it?
All they have to do is get out of their land.
It's all those evil Jews like that.
That's been a lot in the guy.
Those are the ones causing all the problems.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
You see, since the day they've been hearing since those days when they blew up the guy
then, who tell in Jerusalem, since those days, they've tried a different approach.
See, I just, and you think that, see, this is the thing that cracks me up about you.
He thinks that I care.
I don't care.
So it's not a little consequence to me.
It is of no consequence to me.
None.
Zero.
If you give me a free plane ticket on LLLIs with all the money I just lost in the biggest
in cash and small bills, I still wouldn't go.
No chance.
400 stone units, 560 WQF.
430-560 WQF.
Miami Port Lauderdale, a beastly, broadcast group station at WQAM.com with a world.
OK, 12-1 at 560 WQF.
Let's re-hash all that stuff about the Middle East.
What do you say?
Let's talk about the Jews and the A-Ran.
Let's talk about Yitzhak-Wabin, Rest in Peace.
Let's talk about this one and that one.
And all those other goyem over there too.
Let's not leave them out.
Let's not.
And say we did.
What a surprise.
A conflict in the Middle East between the Arabs and the Jews.
Oh!
Wow, how the hell could that be going on again?
Huh.
560-560-560.
Let me give you some important information.
See the stuff that I talk about is important.
Not worrying about stuff that doesn't affect your life.
Olive oil.
Shmearing on your feet.
Come back from that weekend in Vegas.
My skin is so dried out.
It's like Baklava.
Yeah.
That's from Arabs.
What do they call that stuff, the Greeks?
That what is that?
Like Philo-doh, Pilo-philo.
Exactly.
Farmsworth.
But anyway, so just cracking and dry and peeling, including my feet,
which when you're diabetic, you don't want to have dry, cracked feet.
No way, Jose.
So last night I get home from the airport after walking through that deadly MIA.
The first thing I do is I shmear olive oil on my feet, which are a mess.
And I'm doing it again here.
As I work, I've got thanks to my good close friend, Charles Alcone,
this bottle of extra virgin verolio olive oil from Italy, the Italian.
And what I'm thinking about it here, when I'm sitting right here in the studio doing the show,
I shmear it on my feet.
And within no time at all, though all the little skin tags and all that stuff,
vanish it like a freaking miracle.
So don't say that I didn't tell you, okay?
There's some useful advice.
Something that actually affects your life.
It's like when we were talking about, you know, which way do you wipe?
Thought words back.
That had something to do with your real life.
Not about, you know, who's right?
The Arabs or the God-being Jews or the God-being Arabs are whoever else.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
So I put that shmear on the feet.
You get me, everybody, crazy.
Yeah.
And stay out of that Hollywood, digital gaming, that deals a wall in copper.
Yeah.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
877, 785, 6345.
Audience has no material today.
There's a guy that was on a hold when I was talking about the olive oil.
And now this becomes his material.
This becomes his material.
That's better what he had when he called.
He shmear it and I was probably in the olive oil too.
Here's a lady, mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, just first of all, I thought George's program was interesting in that it was sort of like the other side of the alien thing.
It showed you another side.
So I thought it was intelligent.
I thought it was well done.
But that's not what I called you about, though.
That was one of the things I wanted to.
I mean, it didn't offend me in any way.
So I'm talking about George Bush.
What freaks me out about this is that the public perception is that this guy is a leader.
And this guy is a guy that takes trust to handle this kind of thing.
Well, the army reading Paul Begallos' book because one of the first things he points out is that the government texts it's like many other states.
The government is largely a ceremonial role and really has almost no power.
But what scares me, Neil, is that we watch these debates.
And when I look at George Bush, he looks like Alfred E. Newman was across with Ross Perot.
I don't see what they're seeing when they, of the way the media reports this.
No, maybe I just have a biased perception, but I just don't see this guy as a leader and the fact that he's a leader.
Well, what makes you see Al Gore as a leader?
Well, let me tell you that.
I know you don't like the guy.
No, no, no.
I don't want to persuade you.
Let me clarify one thing.
Yeah.
Even though I will vote for him, I don't not only don't like him, I despise him.
He gives me the creeps he makes my skin crawl.
In fact, I think my heels are starting to crack again.
Yeah.
I better search for him in the olive oil.
Yeah, a little, a little guys way.
Well, let me tell you why.
I don't have to hold my nose as bad as you do.
First of all, he, I know you and I like both and we both were in the end if he could run.
He has been involved in this administration for eight years.
And I really think that you and I have been twirled around by the Republican spin.
This guy is...
No, I know what happened.
No, I have it.
I said there and I watched him.
And just like I said last week, you sit there rooting for somebody.
They come on, hit the home one now.
They hit a single, do something.
Say something meaningful.
Smack him in the head.
You know, it's showing up for the phony and dummy that he really is.
And he just has it.
And I'm telling you, just take this to the bank.
If he doesn't knock him off his socks tomorrow night and that debate, Goro's got no chance.
But I'll tell you he will because this forum in the town hall meeting where Bush can't give his can responses,
I think that...
But I just want to say one thing out because I'm going to run out.
I want to just leave this to you.
There's a film called The Contender.
And all I want to say is there are a couple of speeches in there.
I think every American should see before they vote.
But I think tomorrow night with the town hall setting where Bush is going to have to answer questions
like that woman in an Apple community, so to ask him why she should go for him and be sort of...
No, no, no.
Exactly.
All right.
Keep the faith, Neil.
Okay.
Back back to you.
Do I have confidence that Goro's going to do what he just said that he's going to do tomorrow?
Do I believe it?
No.
No.
Okay, that's their approach.
No personal attacks.
Why the hell not?
You're running against the man that's a moron.
This book, this is what they should have been running on.
Everything in Plabigalos' book is our children learning.
There.
Yeah.
This should be required reading before anybody votes.
To find out what this man is really all about.
In fact, and also what his writing made is all about, that Julia Raman made look like a reasonable guy.
As New King Rich says in here,
let me get the direct quote.
It's a Chinese voting record with slightly more conservative than mine.
That was New King Rich's exact quote.
It says that's like being more pompous than Rush Limbaugh, like being more weird than Dennis Rodman, but it's true.
Cheney was remarkably comfortable being on the losing and ascentralist,
lopsided votes of the 435 members of the House.
Many of them from very conservative districts.
Cheney was frequently just one of the VISTA does there too,
who staked out the kookyest of the cookwright positions.
For example, in 1988,
Cheney was one of only four members of the entire House of Representatives
who opposed the undetectable firearms act of 1988,
which outlawed guns which are made with so little metal that can defeat a metal detector.
When he was asked to defend the vote that was so right when even the NRA didn't support it,
Cheney's smart-out response was,
well, obviously, I wasn't in the pocket of the NRA.
How do you like that?
Perhaps trying to suck up to that all-important cop killer vote,
Cheney was one of only 21 House members to oppose the ban on armor-piercing cop killer bullets.
And almost as inexplicably,
he was one of just 31 congressmen to vote against funding programs
to prevent family violence and provide shelter for the victims of family violence.
And it goes on and on his anti-kids votes, his anti-woman votes,
right-wing extremists.
And Julie Rents,
because they, and they're still talking to talking heads the same crap about,
oh, that debate was the best.
That was great, because they were so civilized,
and they were so polite.
There would be like having a tea party between Golden Mayor and Adolf Hitler.
Yeah, they shared a few crumper.
He had a little bit of a monster.
She had some bratwurst.
Everybody had a good time.
Nobody got screamin'.
Nobody was angry.
It was very civilized.
He put on a schmata on his head.
She was drinking German beer out of a big Stein.
Yeah, it was wonderful.
Like we're talking to God, then, like I said last week,
a fricking tea party instead of a presidential campaign.
And he's talking head assholes in the media.
You're the ones responsible for brainwashing the public
as if anybody who dares to have the audacity
to expose somebody else's virulent record,
oh my God, they're going on the attack again.
They must be bad.
They're going back on their board.
They're doing that attack them again.
Thank God I live in the Netherlands.
I'm an attacking unit 560WQM.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560s.
QAF.
Were you floods back then?
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation.
Two-poid Brian Wilson is ready to release
the collection of his latest compositions.
Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
Get you to to to.
Okay, what I mean.
Here's how you sounded back in 62
from this early Beach Boy recording session.
Hey man, did you like it?
Yeah.
I'm not sure what you were doing.
Get you to my ears.
Now, okay.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Let's see.
Do you like it?
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Did you like it?
Well, it's a little hard to dance to.
Do you like it?
Yeah, very nice Brian.
The Brian Wilson's collection of burned out compositions.
Do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
That's too much.
You're available now.
Aren't E-Day.
Do you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Do you like it?
Yeah.
I'm not going to play.
I like it.
I will.
1215 is 5 to 10 more than I'm going to play.
Over the spot again.
Get that look on your face.
Lieutenant Bush was too drunk to fly.
Everybody out there care?
No.
No, he's an all-American man at George W.
That was born with a silver spoon in his rectum.
Like every member of his family.
My favorite thing in here is about the,
let me see if I can find a line about the Texas Rangers.
See, he was a favorite business.
Everything he did.
And somehow, probably that and the millions and millions of dollars
and the more he failed, the more money he made.
Incredible.
Here it is.
1998 Bush who is by now governor of Texas
and his partner, Selva Texas Rangers,
largely because of the value of the taxpayer-funded stadium
and generous partners who increased Bush's share of the team
from less than 2% to almost 12%
without requiring to invest another dime.
Bush makes it killing.
His original $606,000 investment nets him return
to $14.9 million.
That means $50.
How do you like that?
And it just goes on and on.
I'll say it again.
Every person in America should be forced to read at gunpoint.
This book is our children learning by Paul Bergalla
before they vote on Tuesday, November 7th.
Dom and dangerous.
Here's a lady in Boca.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
I have a couple comments to make water
and respect the vegetation and children
which I'm really glad you're talking about.
My big issue is, what is your,
I have a couple questions and then I'll hang up.
What is your opinion on school vouchers?
The second thing is about Joe Bush.
Why is he not campaigning for his butter and the state of Florida?
What's up with that?
Because he knows that everybody in the state of Florida is on to him
so the less he says the better they are.
They probably got him in a lot box.
You think so?
Yeah.
I mean, because he's not that bright either.
No kidding.
And also, the first comment I wanted to make was
after the boat on the other night.
Just a, just a, go to school vouchers.
Yeah, they suck.
They suck.
So really suck.
And instead of fixing the school, they just want to break it apart.
Yeah, that's the final, that's final, that's final then on the crossing.
Right.
Now, and also it's totally cater to the religious right
which really infuriates me.
But also, it infuriates me more as a bit of a debate last week.
They asked him, rougher, because I watch NBC.
What his opinion was of George W. his performance.
Yeah.
And I've got to say maybe I'm stupid, but I felt like
he's got to be a great, adequately always.
He has no personality, but in terms of intelligence,
intelligence, he adequately answered the questions.
And in rougher, it just completely supported Bush's persona on TV
that he came across.
He did?
And he did.
And what is wrong with you talking about?
Did they not remember?
Well, let me say it again.
He did come across well.
That's because Gordon let him off the hook.
I don't think he did.
He didn't have any questions.
I'm sorry, but he did.
And they had him programmed very well.
And he came up with a great answer about education and social promotion
and getting rid of it and how unfair it was to wax another minority.
He and they had him programmed real well.
And Gordon just left him standing there.
He had 10 chances to not come out and just let him stand.
Yeah, because Gordon has no respect for.
Well, that's the problem.
There he goes.
But anyway, I just wanted to just tell you and voice my issue.
Okay.
Good luck to us.
All right.
I'll see you at the polls three, four, five times.
5, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, five, six,
six, the only 18, 10, Verizon, whatever's live.
See, everything's coming down to cosmetics.
Did Bush look okay?
Did he look busted?
Was he drooling a lot this time?
Was he huffing and puffing like the first to make?
No, well, he must have done pretty good.
It wasn't that he did so good.
It was that grower never ever came on the, really came on the attack.
Just the one time, back to the middle corner,
was absolutely correct in those statistics about health care and the state of Texas.
Also, I should point out in the LA Times yesterday, which I read in the plane coming back from Vegas on the front page,
big story about Houston has now passed LA in terms of pollution.
And in Paul Bagallas, book he goes on a great length about all the money they have to spend,
about they have days when athletes can't go out in Houston, high school athletes,
and practice because the air quality is so bad.
So we had him right there on the ropes.
Okay.
Now here's your chance. Finish him off, baby.
And then he just like back the way back into his own corner again.
Well, gee, I don't want to come across as being a bad guy, as being the attack dog here.
Golly Shucks.
He makes me nauseous.
They could be running my little dog against Bush and Buddha.
But no, leave it to the Democrats. They come up with an algorithm.
You can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have one.
And Hugh Lieberman, two words come to mind, so what I see him.
Casper Milk toast.
Yeah.
Well, I think we don't have a very civilized discussion here tonight and the bait the important issues,
me and Dick.
There's another guy. All I had, how come Joe Lieberman couldn't come up with all the stuff that's in Paul Bagallas' book here about Dick Cheney,
some of which I just got through reading and there's tons and tons and tons and tons more here.
I'm sure he knows it all.
I mean, just the talking points, if they would have just gone down the list of talking points, he's got in the end here.
Just in case they couldn't have somebody read the rest of the book to him about how Bush will screw up the economy
with his nearly $2 trillion of your surplus and tax breaks with the rich.
And it's threat to social security, which even his own advisors say his social security plan is guarantee that benefits will be cut.
And of course, on and on about health care and how he made Texas tops in air pollution because of all his firms in big business.
And his claims for education improvements all came before him, Mark White and Ann Wichard had nothing to do with any of the improvements in education in Texas.
And the fact that he's in bed with the gun nuts and not coming clean about what he was doing with the war in Vietnam,
received preferential treatment to give the Texas Air National Guard, scored only in the 25th percentile in the pilot aptitude test yet received a special commission to be a pilot despite a long waiting list.
And his commanding officer says he failed the report for duty for an entire year.
There's that missing year again in Alabama that the banjo on his knee and a bottle in his lips and up his nose.
No, we don't want to go on the attack.
See, I'd like to find out just like I had to call around Thursday who was talking to me about how bush was a former alcoholic.
Let me say it again to you, sir.
No such thing as a former alcoholic and you can ask any alcoholic and they will tell you the honest answer is once you're in alcoholics, you're always in alcoholics.
You can be a reformed alcoholic which means that you're on a wagon one day at a time.
Sweet. Yes, that's right.
One step at a time, one schlep at a time.
And I think that's an honest question to ask.
Does America want somebody who's an alcoholic and has a substance abuse problem as their president?
No, that's a legitimate question to ask.
Here's a mobile and big time key. Hello.
I hate to do this. You're on a roll politically.
Can I change a subject? Go ahead, whatever you want.
I'm probably one of your biggest fans.
I must say I live in Tampa and I've always been a big fan and I come down to South Florida a couple of times a month to do some business.
I must say what a long, long summer.
Please don't take the summer off again. I've taken off here every year.
I do appreciate you. George is okay, but George is okay.
Well, he's an anti-Semite.
I missed your wisdom throughout the summer.
Well, George is wise about things that he cares about.
But the week called me, I got no material. I just want to tell you that.
Okay, George doesn't care. See you.
Yeah, he don't care. He's used to it by now.
He's got that tough, the Cuban skin now. He can take all the crap, all the shots.
And I'm taking summer off again next year.
Oh, yeah.
And whatever I want to take it off, it's going to pay me to be going all summer.
I'll be glad to do it.
I mean, that's a hell of a deal.
I think the next time I'm not even going to fall down and break any bones.
How do you like that?
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah. Go ahead, Neil.
We'll dance for them now. Get out of here.
Remember that call? Never forget him.
And so I did.
It's just a piece that kid off. I came back.
First, of course, I got to make back all the money I'm losing with my stock broker,
Mitch Hirsch and all the money I lost in Vegas this weekend.
See, that's the thing.
Even though I had got pumbled in Vegas this weekend,
it's a drop in the bucket compared to what Mitch Hirsch has cost to me.
Not to mention those great stock tips I get from Rymus Brother-in-law.
Yeah. His brother-in-law.
Who had a long talk with an Arab chick in a dream one night.
After a bad drunk,
he had a dream like Martin Luther King.
Well, see, you've got to say that today because it's the million family marchers going on now.
Well, and you know what I'm here?
I'm here and they're all marching to a boat jangle,
and what I'm here.
That's the rumor.
Maybe that's why they, and you'd notice when the ones who had his press conferences
when they said that this is a commonplace thing in black people.
This kidney ailment.
You didn't hear that?
You weren't paying any attention to that?
No, whatsoever. See, there you go.
Not only is an anti-shemite, he don't like blacks, he don't like fags.
I was playing games.
All he likes is his own people,
or Cubans with green teeth.
That's what he likes.
See.
Here are some rise.
Hey, new idol.
Okay.
Contrary to the other color, I think George has shown Friday was superb.
In fact, it was phenomenal.
Yeah.
You said once that George had a lot of knowledge about history and world events.
That is right.
But I didn't know he was that good, and it was unbelievable.
Uh-huh.
The situation with George Bush and Gore.
Like you said, I think you're correct because I don't think I'm going to be able to do that.
I think his people, Gore's people, told him not to get too hard because that's their strategy.
Because of the polls.
Uh-huh.
But somehow it's not fire.
I think what happened to Bubba, he got real hard and looked what happened to him and blew up in his face.
Yeah, so to speak.
But that's all I got.
As far as George's show, I think it was the best stop ever heard.
In fact, I think it's in the top five.
The best show you ever heard in your life.
In the top five of all your shows.
Woof!
It was that good.
You know something, if George has gotten that good, I'm thinking why does take the sumble off, you know?
What do you say?
Let's take a poll on that tomorrow.
Let's George do the show, and I'll just take the paychecks.
What's wrong with that?
It could work.
What do you say?
It could work.
Well, it's George's doofofer.
Well, no, he's no showmo with a couple of bones.
What do you say?
Yes or no?
Come on, you're the first vote.
Uh, yes.
Okay, thanks.
There you go.
There's our first vote.
I'm leaving.
Oh, right.
Yes.
George did such a good job on Friday.
He won over even the people that hated him like poison.
They loved it.
God, must have been tremendous.
Thank God I was near to hear it.
But I was using herbs.
26th afternoon at 5.60.
You're getting all these anti-Simites out now.
That's what this is.
Yeah, he was picking on.
I was picking on.
That's what that whole alley on tape.
Yeah.
Well, is he Jewish?
Right, what he has appeared.
George George for Hey, Rodriguez.
Big French concert guy.
Yeah.
He's uncertain.
George George for Hey, Rodriguez.
Rip Nick son of a bitch.
Don't give him no shit.
The monster like me, he's got a great deal of people.
And a friend who said of wheels.
If you got the ball, can give him a call.
Just remember that he will take your crap.
See, George George for Hey, Rodriguez.
Please, as he can be.
You won't find no cheese.
Don't give him no.
Do I have what he wants?
George George for Hey, Rodriguez.
He's critics of a bitch.
All right, I'm going to press it out of George's finally.
See, during the summertime, they gave him a lot of crap
and they kept him off balance.
But this thing came up by taking the...
See, they wanted me to take off the home kipper.
And I said no way, because they got a hockey game on that Monday.
Why take off the day when I'm only going to be on three hours?
When I can take off the day like Friday, when I'm taking a whole four hours off.
Pretty good thing, Neil.
Because anybody knows about taking time off, I've learned that really well.
So one thing I've learned.
But now that he just sneaked in there, I've tried to do this spectacular show.
And I'm thinking, 52 weeks of vacation a year.
Sounds pretty good to me, paid.
Huh?
Starting tomorrow.
I'm excited.
That Martin's scared.
They got flights all every day to week.
Sounds excellent.
So here's George.
Well, here's somebody just packed me this that I think George would really enjoy reading about.
And about Joe Lieberman.
Israel and the racial bubble standard.
And about how they pick on the herbs over there.
And they're like second-class citizens.
Americans should see the charge of anti-Semitism for what it is.
It says an ideological battering rat used to silence any and all rational criticism of organized jewelry and its power and hypocrisy.
Jewelry is that like jewelry?
Jewelry?
Jewelry?
Jewelry?
Kind of peridim, the kind of propaganda that George was spreading here on Friday that you all seem so enamored with.
Guess what this is from, this article.
Huh?
The David Duke report.
Oh, my buddy.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter deal.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time calling long time listener.
I got a couple of things I want to talk to you about.
First of all, is your buddy's a hersional.
You know what the football coach is all right?
You got that gym fight out there to say any 72 percent.
Well, why does it miss hers of the hersional team ever telling you what they do?
Instead of telling you what the stock markets do, and I'd like to know what they do.
Oh, I can tell you what they do.
They're losing my money faster than you have to have them in print it.
No, but don't you think that, you know, they make their money on sales and buys.
They buy it and make money when you sell they make money.
But that's all we are.
There's a bunch of whores.
The small they do is want to make money buying and selling.
That's the first issue.
You don't need a full service broker.
You need to take your paperwork and your own hands.
But the second issue I got is with the presidential race.
Yes, sir.
I was like, I don't know what the rest of this country wants.
But I'd like to have a president that has a pair of balls.
And between those two presidents, they don't have a pair of balls.
Now, there are a couple of little smoothies if you ask me.
So, I mean, what if this country ever has no other work?
Can you imagine?
Yeah, good.
What if it's called another mother for a football?
It would be too drunk to, you know, and of course,
I would be asking about the etiquette of the whole of the year.
Exactly.
That's all I got.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Yeah.
Call on to that desk just like back in the 50s again when that's a nuclear fallout.
Call on to the desk, kids.
You'll be okay.
You'll be safe from that mushroom cloud.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
George will be here tomorrow.
What are you going to be talking about tomorrow?
I don't know.
Choose, bashing, choosing.
In fact, that's going to be a win over so big on Friday.
That's going to be George's show every day.
He's going to pick out a dude.
Boy!
All right.
Sip is accountant in my doctor.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, man?
All right.
Listen, I don't know if you've seen this before, but I caught it last night because I've
never seen it.
No.
So guys can already eat a med away and then over his shoulder, the donkey pops up and the elephant
pops up and the other children.
And the elephant's heard about, you know, I want to be a friend of mine like my daddy because
I look like my daddy.
Uh-huh.
And it's just the funniest thing.
Somebody really told that.
The whole thing, he's all criteria.
They want to do everything he's daddy did.
And be just like his daddy.
And then towards the end of the commercial, the guy says, why?
I wear a pants like my daddy and then the monkey turns like, I invent a pants.
It's funny to tell.
I guess you got to be there.
What's the monkey waist, man?
It was a great commercial.
I thought it was very funny.
The second thing about big chaining.
Somebody should come up with a wrap like a twin shading.
Mm-hmm.
If you're gone, man, wherever, you know, I've got the real big chaining, you know, I'm the real
chaining.
It should be good.
My pants.
And also, and also, and this is true.
Never fear in the summer, George is here and I'll talk about six and a half.
What if five is not here?
Thank you.
I like it.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight, on the 18 team
rest.
So I guess that was ESO for George.
One.
You've got them all with a panic now.
I want you're not going to be here tomorrow.
I'm not.
You're going to be here tomorrow.
No, seriously, I mean, look, put yourself in my shoes.
Why would you want to come in here?
And I'm begging for calls today because it's Monday and because they like your show so much
on Friday, they probably rather hear Jews in Europe's part too today than hear me sitting here
whatever.
And you know, I'm just in coherent, especially after that damn price conference kind of
threw me an old fart like me.
I'm not used to that.
I like orderly.
You know, I come in and have an idea of what I'm going to do.
And then all of a sudden, they throw you for a loop and an old fart like me can't recover
from that.
I just can't bounce back away.
I used to 100 years ago.
Like, what do I do now?
Well, when George is here talking about the goddamn Middle East every day, I guarantee we
can work this now to really a big, I mean, up to a big number.
Yeah.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You thought that Waffen has got big numbers, huh?
Here's Miami shores.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
1973, Dick Cheney in Northwestern University 1973 to Vietnam draft ends.
Right when it ends, he quits Donald School.
Uh-huh.
Dodge Dractor.
Dodge Dractor.
Whatever.
Goddamn it.
He's a Dodge Dractor.
Oh, damn it.
Oh.
Cheney was one of only 12 house members to vote against the older Americans that
attacked the amendments of 1984, which provided nutrition and support services for elderly
people.
He also voted against funding it three years after that.
Cheney backed raising the normal social security retirement age from 65 to 67.
In 1985, he was one of only 39 members of the House who backed the budget that limited
cost of living adjustments versus social security to 2% annually for three years.
And it goes on and on and on and on.
But of course, due labor, and he couldn't come up with anything because he wanted to have
a civilized discussion there and see how wimpy he could sound.
Oh, that was just wonderful.
That's the kind of dialogue verbal give and take.
Yeah, right.
Take a good crap because that's what it was.
Pure unadulterated crap.
You could take those.
The first two presidential debates and advice presidential Larsha Ray that asked stock, that
neutral Lassha can think that you could take all three of them put them together and you
have a got even a medium sized the pilot dog crap like Dr. Laura had on a floor.
Yeah, that's what her show has come to now.
Dog crap.
Had to see the end of that on channel 10.
Do I ever listen or watch that bitch?
No, never.
But I had to see the end of her show on channel 10 this morning because I was instructed
we got this special arrangement with channel 10.
Well, we can put their audio on.
Well, yes, what?
Well, murdered it.
Yeah, there's Alan Juiciewicz, an old insistence, but the PLO has never permitted any kind
of an investigation.
Suddenly they want to.
Yeah, and that's on CNN.
How do you like that?
I just put their off.
Do we have a special arrangement with CNN?
No, I just stuck their audio on here because they don't like it.
Okay.
Tell Ted Turner to take a goddamn blueberry animal if you don't like it.
Alan Juiciewicz, all this hockin' at the middle east, you know, something audio people
including George wasting your energy and time.
You better off to bring your bong in here on Friday.
Who's the saying it didn't?
Well, like I said, maybe that's why the show was so good.
Smoking.
God.
Oh, it's the Arabs and the Jews.
Five thousand years they've been killing each other.
It's the same crap over a slink and piece of desert.
And I'll say it one more time for the five minute times.
The only piece of desert worth fighting about is the one that I just came back from and
you can have that too.
It's a little ponderous.
So you do notice it was the Italians and the Jews that got that thing going too.
It's right.
We're a different feather.
Let's bring back the old crowd.
That's what we need here.
Rosie Siegel, Hymen Roth, aka Meyer Lanski.
Let's bring the old Jews back.
I see your stone crabs open again last night.
A lot of plastic assholes here that your stone crabs, you know.
The Neil Rogers show Sports Radio, line 60s.
Q.A.M.
A.M.
A line so you're so big.
We know, join to Spurb.
Oh, I'm tired.
How much longer to be at the end?
The egg.
First we got to get to the uterus.
How far is that?
Well, pal, we got to wait a little.
First we got to go past the ass off again.
244-560-WDQM.
George W who of course is right up there with Dan Quill, showing his brilliance about
four in a fair say on June 22nd of last year to waste slowback journalists.
The only thing I know about Slovakia is what I learned firsthand from your four minister
who came to Texas.
Who should in fact met with the prime minister of Slovenia, not the four minister of
Slovakia, but at least he got some of the letters right.
All right.
I won't swab another swab right.
He says, keep good relations with the greasions.
Good for your hair or your arms.
If the East Timorians decided to revolt, he says, I'm sure I'll have a statement.
If the East Timorians decided to revolt, I'm sure I'll have a statement.
He says, the key to foreign policy is to rely on reliance.
He says there is medmen in the world and there are terror.
And see it's all documented associated press for more 16th 2000.
On and on and on it goes.
5670-560-560.
See this is why I find very disturbing.
I don't have a lot of dumb people in this country.
If I had a dollar for each one, I wouldn't be here right now.
I'd be out of here today instead of tomorrow when Georgia is going to be on.
But how could anybody with any self respect, no matter how plastic and how folly and how
full of crap and how exaggerated I'll go all the things, all of these things, which he
is?
How could anybody bring him or her or itself to cast a vote for somebody this dumb?
I mean, we've had Gerald Ford.
He was pretty damn dumb.
We had Eisenhower with borderline illiterate, a great general, but borderline illiterate.
But here is a man who wraps them all up into one unbelievably dumb bundle.
And yet there he is, these three points ahead today is four points ahead tomorrow.
We like them.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, me, how are we doing today?
I just want to say George did have a wonderful show.
That's what I'm here.
I here is got part two all lined up for tomorrow.
What do you think?
I think you're trying to take over.
Good.
I'll give you a address.
Actually, listen now, my friend of mine and myself went out and got some two CDs of yours.
Right?
I have to say congratulations is very, very funny.
It is good.
You put it together this year.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Definitely a very good one.
I just want to say he never paid me for the CDs.
I wanted to be able to call him an ass today.
Okay.
I'd like to say Steve, you need to pay me my money because you want to help an asshole.
Okay.
Hey man.
Steve, you want to ask, holy said, and how are we doing?
Are you going to answer?
That's what the guy just said.
Put up for a shot up.
So maybe Steve is doing it the diesel way.
30 days, 50 days, 90 days.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Thank you from my own kids.
Where did your intern go, that's fantastic.
She was handy. Oh my god. Here I thought he did a great show by himself. So in other words, the other guy had a video. No, he had somebody out of
Anu, who knew what she was talking about. Oh, well, I knew it couldn't have been him. No one George talks about foreign policy. He sounds like George W.
No, he doesn't like George W. He sounds like Jaime Kimmer. Oh, yes. It's like compassion at Nasty is right now. You're talking like you're right about George W.
Yeah, but otherwise I'm hoping that the show tomorrow won't stop. Oh, it'll be great.
See, you got these people on Rivers now by not telling the truth. George is taking over the show. I'm still getting paid. The management doesn't notice you either.
And bloodshed is how they'll know what they're doing. They don't care as long as there's something like me like that, like a little sound on the air.
One thing I've learned all through the years, these people are any different from anybody else. As long as there's something on the air.
That's all I care about. Of course they expect the ratings to stay up there and the revenue to keep coming in, but they what do they know?
They figured that don't happen anywhere by our spouses.
Like that.
In fact, you can take that right now. Just take that off the table. That's four hours tomorrow. Still get a 90 share.
And we'll probably get people calling out Wednesday saying, hey, can we hear that? Can we hear that again?
That was pretty good. There you go. I kind of enjoy doing that. Although I don't like getting that close to that microphone.
Because you don't only know what kind of crap is on air. Your food particles.
And true.
All the force feeding a food that goes on. I see some of the sales people. They got a little bit of brains one or forget the sales people.
It's got nothing to do with them. It's our own food we get in here.
How much how much talent does it take? How distracting is it while you're pretending to be listening to these cars to eat a little topping from the pizza or a little something that's soft?
But expecting somebody especially with a bottom hand to be carving a steak and the pork chops with with a fork and a knife.
And not only that, it wasn't even a real life. It was like a butter knife.
See, I needed a butter knife when I had the cast on more on Peter Leonard, you idiot.
When I need a real knife, help me cut. You can't do all of that stuff. If they were just brought to the deal in the pasta, a little bit of that pasta.
The pasta was great. And not for the 25 desserts that's in my blood sugar skyrocketing and made me sick.
That's probably why I feed her all like with those tags on them like that. Skin tags.
It's kind of like a body tag. I'm going to have on me in the box if he keeps bringing that crap in here.
You're out Peter Leonard. You're done. We took a vote. You're out. You're dead meat.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. North Miami Beach.
Are you doing great show? Are you in North Miami Beach or just Miami Beach?
Oh, it's getting darker by the minute.
You got to take you national. Yeah, I got two things.
Well, then George would have to do it because I'm not going to be here. I'm out. I'm out.
I'm going to start looking around to building the finds and interesting guests to know what they're talking about.
I'm going to bring Tommy in here to talk about drugs.
Hey, I told a lot of drugs for all those yellies up in New Haven years ago.
Yeah, I'm sure he was one of them. You know it's Golembo.
No, no.
It's all those these neon obfies running for president.
You know, George and Dick.
I don't know. I'm going to die.
Thank you, Shannon.
Take a little piece of coal and their tight ass is 10 minutes. They'd have diamonds. They could retire.
You're right. You know, absolutely right.
But the paintings one of really scares me.
You know, and all I can say is Dick Cheney before he dicks out.
Okay, and I forget he put the wreck in record. That's what the Pawelbegalus says.
More conservative than Newt Gingrich, faster than a spinning bullet,
just into the hearts of even the most heartless of all.
I could read this whole thing, but that would be true. I'm not like reading that much on here.
But it's great. You really ought to go out and get this book. It's very small book.
And you'll say, see, 12 bucks for that, but it's well worth it. It's well worth 100.
Here's our children learning. And there's a picture of W on the front cover,
the case against George W. Bush by Pawelbegalus.
I don't know why I grow in the laborbender in the debates.
Didn't just hold this book up in the air instead of saying anything.
They should have said, just turn to page 28 in this book. That's all. That's my response.
It would have been better than the job they did, especially that frickin' Jew Lieberman.
Here's what's Pawelbegalus.
Yes, sir.
What I'd like to know is that we're all this liberal media.
How long did we hear about the $100,000 Hillary made on the futures?
Yeah.
But, you know, Bush makes this $50 million by basically putting in $20.
I guess you haven't been watching Chris Matthews in the George Will.
Yeah, I, the liberal, and Bob Novak in Roland Evans.
Yeah.
And John McLaughlin.
I mean, I don't find the entire Fox News Network.
I don't see it. I don't see it myself. There is no liberal media.
No.
And then Tim Russell, who everybody knows, Tim Russell is a Democratic catchman and always has been.
So now he's been over back with the tried-ing with the appearance that he's not partisan.
So now he's like attacking all the Democrats and try to become Mr. Down the Middle.
Right. And, you know, I think that's part of it because what did they talk about after the debate?
It was about who's side and who's side.
Yeah, that's right.
You're watching the issue.
And I guarantee you that millions of Americans were sighing and rolling their eyes the whole time.
Really? I know I was.
This one more thing about Bush.
He does not drink to this day, which tells you he still has a problem.
Uh-huh. Because he betrayed to take that first.
Well, alcohol. I'm going to say it again. I'm not saying this is about human particular, but just generally speaking, it happens to be true.
An alcoholic is an alcoholic for life.
Right.
And when the pressure started, you know, he went in the White House and the pressure started getting it.
In fact, look at the fact daddy. All he had to do was have a little bit of wine and some sushi. He was cooking his guts out.
I wrote that.
But Bush is going to appoint all these smart guys.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Well, I wrote like Pat Robertson.
Right.
Pat you can.
Yeah.
Good luck to us, pal.
That's it.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, he maybe passed from accounting downstairs, passed counseling.
Anybody named Pat?
Yeah, give it a little pat on the cheek.
Correct him.
That's kind of that Texas good old boy football kind of thing.
You know, they do the barbecues.
And speaking of that, I just hate you.
Hation to mention this.
Did he say, Hation?
Wow.
I'll pick it on him.
Hation's again.
I hate to point out to you that speaking of the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
That his brother is just the same.
The whole family are a bunch of elegant, uh, elitist.
I'm not just dumb and his brother, one of the worst people will say, oh, well, you know,
Jeff seems more reasonable.
My fat ass he does.
Him and the crowd of people at supportive, you know, they used to sit at the Marlin Games in those first few years when I was going to the ball games and with I would be.
Did you have any idea where our seats were right along the founders boxes there?
Have you?
Well, anyway, him and his whole crowd used to sit.
In fact, he was there one night.
That was before he became governor Jabba, and he was just a loser.
The most obnoxious, the most disgusting.
And of course, a lot of your people too.
A lot of your ultra right winged Cuban amigos.
So round themself with the worst scum on the face of the earth.
That's your bush.
Makes it tell of a hunts him like a raving liberal.
So don't keep yourself.
So the whole bunch of them, in fact, daddy was the only one who seemed like a moderate and he wasn't all that great either.
But he seemed like a moderate compared to the rest of these guys.
That's probably because they got through to me trial, lateral commission and the Belberbergers and the Illuminati.
1256 at 560.
I love the Illuminati.
And I have a great sound of it.
It sounds real Italian in the name.
I mean, the Belberbergers, that sounds like the Tremens.
I heard cheers.
German Jews.
There's a couple left.
Now, what was the name of the Battenberg?
That was the name.
The Winsers, the House of Winsers, the Brits.
See, this is the deal.
It turns out there's German hiding everywhere.
I bet your Georgia isn't even Cuba when you come right down to it.
I bet you have it.
In fact, I saw him at Godfather's year that they would happen to be in a Hess gas station.
How's Rudolph doing?
Did he have those?
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hours.
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.
You're gay.
I'm doing her that's right.
Just about every day and night.
Cause, with me, young and Thai, A, B, B, come out.
And I wait in the tree.
She finally give it to me.
Now, just like in her song, I can hear her moan.
I've been dating her since we were four.
It ain't no lie.
I was the first to go through that door.
It's come by, bye, bye.
It's about time everybody knew.
We're doing it like punished for a year or two.
I hate to tell you her birthday and that's the, has come by, bye, bye.
She just carries us a young and fake.
I bet that every day that I am within sync.
I hate to tell you her birthday and that's the, has come by, bye, bye.
It's gay.
102-560-W.
I'm happy you're Monday to it.
Here's our poll so far, the biggest obstacle facing blacks in America.
And I asked this question because today is the million family march.
The biggest problem, the biggest obstacle to overcome is bigotry.
20 people said that on 231.
Lack of education and job skills, 85.
Lack of responsibility, 126.
Oh, I knew like that.
So in other words, maybe they're saying look in the mirror.
See, I've come up with something great now today and I've realized it would be such a moment as day in my life.
Now that you finally admitted, see, first I thought it was some woman you had on the phone the way you were talking earlier.
Now come to find out you had somebody in the studio, you had a guest on with you during the show.
A part of it, the beginning part.
Yeah, that's the first hour.
So obviously that right, the audience is foaming at the mother.
The greatest show ever.
I've been on here here for 25 years and George with this is really broad of whoever else he was on Friday.
It's really great.
Best show in the history of the day arrived.
You're showing I wasn't even here for.
What do you say to that?
So it's time to bring back the guest, time to go back to that tried and true, that old, stale stuff from the past.
Let's bring the guest back.
Let's get a few more, I might guess microphones in here.
What do you say?
Yeah, we can bring back the rad buys and we can have the ministers.
We can get the nutrition people on here in the car practice.
Hello, doctor.
I have blue lips.
We can go back to those days.
What do you say?
Yeah.
That's what the audience wants.
We go through these cycles and they've heard enough of my crap here already with us and all the fag stuff and at sag music I'm playing all the time.
Yeah, like that, Nick.
Number two album in the world I should mention, Revelation by 98 degrees.
And inside of that, I mentioned that first week on a chart, it's number two.
If you buy one album in your life and you have any taste, which of course most of you don't, but if you did, Revelation by 98 degrees.
What's your, I'm sure would hate like poison, which shows it's got to be good.
Well, that's right.
That's your taste was bad before you got good.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Me.
Yes, ma'am.
I wonder if you could briefly explain the electoral power to me.
Is it right between Ann Arbor and East Lansing, right?
Well, the number of tapes we're today about are more confused than ever.
What is there to be confused about?
What's the point of voting?
We don't.
Well, because it's an anachronism.
Do you understand what that means?
No.
It's out of date.
It's like white bucks.
Remember white bucks?
Yeah.
Well, that's what the arthropologist is like.
Well, it sucks.
Amen.
There you go.
So you know a lot more than you thought you did.
Fine.
Okay.
That means if you live, if you live in a little small state like Delaware or Vermont or some little puny state like that, then your vote is almost nothing.
But if you live in a big state like New York or Texas or California, then your vote means a lot.
Because then if you know if the state's vote was one by one popular vote, then a whole bunch of electoral votes are going to go to that candidate.
But if somebody won Vermont by one voter, Delaware, who the hell gives a crap?
So it's totally unfair.
It's totally inequitable.
It's it's it's it's goes the show that we're stuck in.
It's like the same people were there with a Bible and it's crap from 5,000 years ago.
The same thing.
We're locked in a stone age.
Hey, but all this other stuff.
We're going to see the moon now and we can turn on the radio and the TV and see about the ugly people.
Look at that.
It's great.
Yeah, but the Bible says and the Constitution, the famous of the Constitution said,
well, that's because generally speaking, they figured that the people were more on.
So like I said, maybe the art of college isn't such a bad idea after all.
Well, they didn't have to see an end or a fox news in those days.
Or softball with Chris Matthews.
Speaking of the liberal press, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon while it was lying.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Thanks for having me on your program.
Thanks for being on it all.
I'll show a couple of the.
We're out playing a church basketball league and we're calling the emergency meeting.
That's when I want to come up with regard to the alarm the morning thing.
I just don't know what this accusation of Eddie Jones and Grant,
how we can take it to the next level without him.
I know.
It's just really heartbreaking for us.
Yeah.
The name of our team is Spiel the Heat.
You know, we look up.
Yeah, and then of course there are those who pack the heat.
Yeah, well, like George W.
But anyway, we're only going to do have our meeting and pray that he can get through.
Okay, well get on your knees.
Pellets, see what happens to a pop stuff.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60.
It's just like there's football games.
I'm going to say it again.
We're talking yesterday about the quarterback for Jacksonville.
What else is the name, Mark?
What is his name?
See how the site out of mind.
I can't even think of his name, Brunel.
And he's been fumbling the staff from center and it was shown on the pregame on the NFL today
about what he was doing with a ball and how he was a grab in it.
He was grabbing the center's ball.
And I'll say it again.
As long as you don't pay any attention that you can continue with his brainwash business
about what a match was brought to us.
It's the faggiest sport in the history of mankind football.
Make no mistake about it.
I'll say it for the eight minute time.
What do you call it?
When a guy comes up behind another guy who's been down on his hands in these
and puts his hand under his ass.
What do you call that?
That's a gate club you moron.
Yeah, now you're getting close.
You're getting warm.
Puts his hand under his ass and has to hold him just in a certain way.
And he pushes a ball back into his hand.
Huh?
Just one.
He pushes this pigskin back into his hand.
5-6705-60, pawn 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
It is. It's the faggiest sport.
I hate to burst your bubble because I know that's all you care about most of you.
All you supposing sports fans, it's a fagg sport.
Hockey's the sport for real men just like me.
And if you don't want to take it from me, you take it from about the most
good old man we got in the whole building.
And that's the mad dog.
Which evidently somebody pops you around with his thing.
That was me.
That's okay. He'll be back.
Eight minutes after one at 5-60 WQM.
Hey, the real question is, what locker room shower are you going to most likely be at?
Which one would you like me to be at?
Have you had even in the shower at the panther?
Those are real men.
When the squad aback, it's lonely.
The night receiver's better wine.
Okay.
So people say that number eight is gay.
Oh right.
They say Troy loves the big brown eyes.
I say, hey, Claire.
He goes down and he's a man.
It's guy he likes to please a man.
He loves to stab cowboy down there behind.
Like the like the like the like the like the like the.
He's got a spot just reputation.
America's team is well pronounced.
But it is Troy gay.
I've heard some people say.
In my heart, oh, he goes down.
Hey, Claire.
He goes down and he's a man.
I can't see most please a man.
Don't let them cause he likes it from behind.
Okay, that's something we asked in the audience today.
They can ask about some macho cordel, hollal cordel, steward or a warren hollal or bobby hollal, or bread hollal.
560, 560, 05, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
How's that pool doing 246 votes?
Biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is big three, 22.
Lack of education jobs skills 89.
Lack of responsibility 135.
Oh, in other words, get with the program.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, first time caller.
I did want to say something while it's on mine.
You're talking about the electoral college.
For that lady who was asking what the reason was for her vote.
This is one of the biggest states.
So, you know, the popular vote does affect the electoral college.
So everybody can get out there and vote.
You look to the electoral college?
You like to roll college?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So everybody should get out there and vote because we do have 25 electoral votes.
Well, I'm not saying that we shouldn't vote.
Of course we should because this is a swing state.
This is a Michigan, probably the two biggest at the moment.
But the point is that it's the electoral college is in that.
And you know, something, this could be the year just like when they speak
Rutherford, behave in there, even when we lost the election.
This could be the year that it happens again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I do agree with you about Gore.
But you did have one caller that I wanted to mention.
They were talking about on Middle East affairs.
Either one of them has no balls.
I think that Gore has a lot more experience to deal with the situation.
Did you see Bush when the whole Israeli thing started in the comment that he made?
And in his eyes, you could see he was scared to death, man.
He has no idea what he's talking about.
He's been fed.
Well, he admits that he doesn't know where Kosovo is.
In fact, if I can go back into my book again, I probably won't be able to fight it in time.
But he admits he doesn't even know where Kosovo is on the map.
He said, well, somebody please show me.
I don't know where to fight it on the map.
He's proud of these things.
Yeah.
I mean, the guy is being fed.
He's got a great campaign staff.
I think Gore's handcuffed himself from that first debate because he was making all the size and the thing.
And everybody thought that that was terrible.
So last time he had to be Mr. and I's guy and come off beautiful.
But this is all about, you know, he's not a campaigner, but he'll be a good president.
And Bush has no idea what's going on.
You know, you put him in there.
He's going to be lost.
Six years in Texas.
No, we're going to be lost.
Oh, yeah, that's for sure.
I got one more thing for you before I go.
There's a great fight out there, amm.org.
And they show all the campaign commercials from 52 to 2000.
Yeah.
And it's amazing what you see when you watch these things and what these people have promised to do.
And like Nixon, that SOB had great campaign staff.
His commercials were fantastic.
And what did he do?
You know, so I mean, people shouldn't get caught up in the superficial here.
Look at Gore's experience and what he's, you know, he's been in the House Congress.
He's been on the arms committee.
The man knows this stuff.
I mean, we need to get out there and put him in office because Bush is going to really destroy us.
Maybe we can fight him a personality before tomorrow night.
Well, that would be, that would be really helpful.
Okay, we're going to have the search party.
All right, thank you.
Mark's 24th, 1999.
President Clinton launched the air strikes against the Serbian leader.
He's a slow bit on Milosevic to stop the practice of ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia in province of Kosovo.
Holy two weeks after the military engagement began, Bush was asked his position on Kosovo, the first large scale NATO fighting in history.
He said, I support winning.
And the strategy must America must be slow to engage militarily.
But once we engage, we must do so to win.
Did you get that?
W is for winning, which I suppose that's better for being for losing.
And it gets worse.
Four months after is I support winning comment.
And five months after the massive air strikes had begun, Bush still had to admit to a reporter he didn't know where Kosovo was.
I do need somebody to tell me where Kosovo is, he said, I know how to ask.
Bush's dangerous ignorant teams to no-no borders considered the following examples.
After flailing around trying to remember the name of the general who had initiated coup in this nuclear-armed country of Pakistan,
Bush said the coup, which overthrew a democratic virus of government, was good news for the subcontinent because it would bring stability to the country.
As the oldest constitutional democracy in the world, the United States of America is not a inhabit of praising military coups over throwing freely elected civilian authority.
In the Middle East, Bush declared that he intends to stand by Israel.
We're not going to allow Israel to be pushed into the Red Sea, he said.
A neat trick, given the fact that Israel borders the Mediterranean and barely touches the Red Sea.
Bush went on to restore the virtues of what he called inter-balistic missile systems that intercept missiles, but there is no such thing as an inter-balistic missile.
Even as he was cramming for his major foreign policy address in late 1999, Bush demonstrated staggering and embarrassing avert your eyes ignorance.
Reading from his own speech in an interview, Bush declared that the United States should take action in Czech media if the Russian government attacks innocent women and children.
When asked if that was, in fact, happening now, Bush was cruel as Bush shouted to a foreign policy adviser, they all attacking women and children, aren't they?
Then he returned to the phone and declared, condi-rises shaking or head in agreement.
No, you dobs, you shaking your head in amazement that such a doofus could be a serious contender for the presidency.
Besides, don't folks nod their heads in agreement and shake their heads in disagreement?
Bush darned your commitment as to war with largest country in the world as far as China's concern.
In an interview with a conservative columnist, Cal Thomas, Bush was asked if you should commit a military power to prevent the people from publicly trying to from forcibly taking Taiwan.
Yes, he replied bluntly when you're asking is should we honor the defense pact with Taiwan and the answer is yes.
Ever since Nixon, American policy makers, if followed with Cal's strategic ambivalence about a response to a Chinese attack on Taiwan, never directly saying it would mean more, never directly saying it wouldn't.
The ambivalence has kept the Chinese off-balancing on the mainland for over 30 years. Bush blew it less than 30 seconds.
Bush later called Thomas back and tried to unscramble the eggs saying it's important that all the sputes over Taiwan and trying to be settled peacefully, the one China policy has worked allowing Taiwan to grow and maintain a strong market economy, which is a good example to be seen.
And it goes on and on and on and everybody ought to be reading this book and spreading it out and handing it out on speakers.
It's our children learning by Paul Bagalla, all very well documented regardless of who bagalla's politics, etc.
In addition to which bagalla's from Texas and new Bush in Texas and personally liked them until he found out what a moron he was.
Here's Pember Pine. Hello. Hello. You know your station before the show of every day, I hope to invite Jews, Patlin, Goldberg, you and Goldie. How about D.F.?
How many Jews are behind this? None. We don't have any only on the year. No Jews allowed management. That's what a company is so bad. 5,6,7, okay. That was called. George called out. I saw him calling out on that line to get that guy on the air. I saw it.
During the last commercial break, I wonder who he was calling out and he called out wherever these guys hang out together and had their meetings. Wouldn't you like to know?
No, I just, I'll pass. I'll take a pass on that. 5,6,7,0,5,60 pound, 5,60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Miami, how are you doing? Okay. Yeah. So, it's W push. I mean, you're calling them an idiot. You're right. He is an idiot. But, but, but,
of course, it's a big idiot. He is. Okay, great. Here is Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Can we hear? You know what? Yeah. 5,6,7,0,5,60 pound, 5,60. Well, he wants it. But it's really one back again. Then we'll get some good calls. They want to back again. It's like she's getting the show. That's what I'm hearing. George and I both suck, but she's getting so good. She's getting the show. He is really broad. Here's a mobile and per line. Hello.
Yes. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Actually, I don't want to see what's done. But I actually want to thank George for having fun with the best shows I did here on Friday. Oh my God. I'm going to have to listen to the tape of the demo.
No, it's a fact. It nearly was an egg show. So, I appreciate the fact. First of all, I found that it was the most objective balance portrayal of what's going on in the real Israeli Palestinian conflict that I've ever heard in the media overall. Yeah. I think that George actually did a good job. I guess the Greek was still at this point. I just knew it was some points that the guest had. But overall, it was much more balanced than you're going to get.
In any of the most major media. Well, it's very obvious to me in fact that I've lined up George Miller from the Dolphins Coast health food stores that'll be my guest.
I was on the air. George did call you a professional. Yeah, the college at night. Great. Yeah. He did the great. But he's George did a good job. You know, just to be with a lot of points and a professional human would know.
Well, in terms of your European about George W. Bush, I think the man is pretty much an idiot. And I think that, you know, unfortunately, the good chance to become a president and I was saying realistically, what is the significant difference between the platform of both of these parties?
I personally understand that their agenda is much different. But they seem to be presenting themselves more and more and more in a similar fashion. With that point, even more dangerous than George W. Bush individually. I just wanted to know what your thoughts are.
What depends on, you know, how long you want to stay in summer camp for and how many showers you want to take, I guess. Look it up 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
258 votes on our pool. Lack of responsibility. 139 lack of education job skills 97 bigotry only 22. So lift yourself up by your boots. You have some stop voice in your time. But there's no count Louis Ferrican son of a bitch.
Who's even more anti-submitted than George? Well, here's number pine. Hello. Hello.
5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 6 6 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
I would say regarding the poll on how he is doing very good to the W-bush. There are two comments, first of all regarding the tax cuts that he is providing. He is not just the idiot. The idiot is those people from the middle class. They even see it obviously. You probably do it very good and you will do better under the W-bush tax cuts. You are fighting against him for those people that the middle class that they don't understand what is going on under voting for.
The second thing, the foreign country calls. The second thing is the foreign policy. When you look at the public and tell how they are trying to protect John W. for having been the President. How are we voting for President? How are we voting for Dick Cheney or Colin Tauro or his adviser? What is this country about?
For one person he is going to be leading the country and making the right decision. Not Dick Cheney and Colin Tauro. That is what I would like to say. Thank you George Nostek. 27 after 1 at 5.60 WQM.
Neil Rogers shows sports radio at 5.60 WQM. I think it is how the show is.
It is in FL season again. You have got your remotes. Your beer, your nachos. But have you got your dictionary? Now the Dennis Miller is joining Monday Night Football. You are going to need a dictionary just to understand what the hell he is talking about.
You know Kurt Warner has such a jingoistic strategy on the field. I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't instigate a free conflict coup d'etat.
Only 1995. This quick reference book will help you look up over 50,000 words Dennis made you during the telecast.
Tarell Buckley was certainly pal Mal there. I mean before you know it is going to start babbling some polytheism dribble. This is a synodic consultum.
Don't spend another Monday night scratching your head. Get your coffee of the Dennis Miller dictionary.
So 1-800-Dennis-Fix. That's 1-800-Dennis-Fix. What's the problem with Randy Moss today?
He couldn't catch a cute malaria if he consumed some dried mosquito brisketa in a quarantine panamanian hemophiliac triage.
You know now operators are maintaining a stationary position of anticipate. Yeah baby do it again.
1-30-5-6-7. You don't forget to press that special. What is the SAP button on your mark and the automatically filters out Dennis Miller's voice on the Monday and football tonight.
So George just confessed to me during the break. That brought on Friday. She was from Israel like my dog is from Todd Bet.
So you draw your own conclusions from there. Not that you've been had again. You know what I'm saying?
Okay. Yeah. And the truth is, spoke Israeli. 5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. Are you sure positive?
He grew. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello.
I'm John. You worked at the Delhi up the street. Yes sir.
All right. I got two things. I want to find out. Why not find out? I'm going to realize that the president of this show.
Yeah. Okay. Whatever you be saying. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach. Hello.
Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. I'm calling the front. He said earlier that football was a case for absolutely.
A baggy sport. No, no, no. What do you mean? I just got to a explaining. You heard everywhere. I said, but which way did you understand?
Was it the crotch, the ass, the crowd bending down on your hands and knees? Which part didn't you understand?
Come on. You can't say that the case was a man's sport. They gave it to the other one down the field.
The baggy sport. The sport just like hard. Let me say it to you. Let me say it to you. No, a hockey they don't keep down on their hands and knees and have somebody put their hands under their legs.
What about clubs and grads? What about clubs and grads? Yeah, when they're sick, they beat the crap out of each other and they got their teeth flying off. That's a man's sport.
I never said it was a sport. They don't grab each other around the crotch and tackle each other and roll around on the ground like they do in football. So thanks for you know that.
It's not new. Thanks for you. You're the fact. So you want to know that's right. Takes one to know one pal. Yeah. Yeah, I wish I could be more mature like that.
The sports around the skewers. I'm sorry. You know, like those rumors. 5 6 out of 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. I mean, I realized that this is a blow to a lot of you guys.
That's the most of the football, especially here in Florida. That's all you know from. And that's fine. If you like a baggy sports, the great guys with tight pants are even default.
Remember that promo he did about guys and tight pants rolling around in the mud. The bad thing.
Guy just just think of that. So he gets down there on his knees, cloutches and the other guy comes right up behind his.
And then he goes to the. S 6 his hand onto his ass. I'm sorry, but right there at that point. That's where you'd run a line. If you have any feeling of masculinity at that point, the has to vanish because no real man gets down on his knees.
Unless another guy come up and put his hands under his ass. That's the bottom line. I mean, you have to go beyond that. Then after that, he starts grabbing his ball. I mean, forget about that.
And counting. He's counting. Oh, oh, 69 69. You're all the other guy. He's not kidding me. You're not fooling anybody.
Here's a mobile and four water deal. Hello. Yeah, I was wondering if I'm not going to make the showers they take together. What did it do? Yeah. And you're all wondering if you want to make $2 million a year.
If you wouldn't be a little bit more excited about the Bush tax cut scene that you can afford it no matter which way it goes. Uh-huh. No.
They didn't think so. No. 5 6 7 0. He didn't think so. That they know what's the right. I know it. And that was what's beautiful about it.
The Bush tax cut doesn't make any sense. No matter how it makes 60 cents a day, if you're like middle class. And if you're in lower class, it doesn't mean any sentence.
It's not take that back. 11 cents a day. It's all documented right here in Paul Viguelo's book. But you can get all bent out of shape and start attacking me.
And the fact that it doesn't change anything. The fact is your candidate's a lion. He's a jackass. He's just a pawn of the ultra rich of the big oil companies like he was in Texas.
Of all the Texas billionaires. That's what he is. He's a puppet that tobacco companies. You name it the biggest polluters and rapists in our society.
And if you want to be in bed with them, go right ahead. Have a good time. Here's sunrise. Hello.
I'm your two things real quick. Yes sir. I'm not in favor of tax cuts for the rich and status quo for the milk glass and low class.
And my second point. What was the last part? I don't know about the last. Oh, I didn't hear it. But it was you don't care about a long zone because he's got a hockey player.
Yeah. You'd be more sensitive. It's possible. And the top of it was having a press conference. What I want that on here? No.
No. I'm not into press conferences from athletes. And part of our brewery does have a pool drawing, which I think this guy that just called us probably pulling his right now.
But we're not putting out a press conference about it. This isn't a sports show. See, I hate to break the news here. Yeah, I do love hockey and I try to promote it.
I talk about 10 seconds today. I about it. And that's the limit. Believe me because there's no interest here anyway.
We don't carry press conferences. Now the one exception we made, or maybe there was two, two I think was today.
Remember, Jimmy was supposed to be retiring and Hank got the scoop on that and called me from Vegas.
And we beat everybody in town. Thanks. Thank you. And the information that he wasn't quitting. And the other one was Danny Boy retiring that day, which he called me and said,
would you mind if I did during your show? I said, no, I'd be honored then. And he said, fine. And it was the end of that.
That's the only two times in three years that we carried press conferences legitimately because it was that major of a story.
We didn't need to have a press conference to get the information since the information, since the story has been out for two weeks now and all the speculation, most of it, which was absolutely wrong.
We didn't need to carry a press conference where we had to find out the name of every broad that the doctor was tweeting him every day, didn't his wife, every one put out, which one didn't.
Now you're wrong now. You're absolutely wrong. They're just not even so want to be one of the boys.
Where the hell is this copy here already? What is all this stuff in here? Jesus, God almighty Peter lended again strikes. God, this man makes me ill.
That is the biggest pile of force crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracking days.
Balls, crick-a-ball, soccer balls, basketball balls. Do you like to play with balls? Do you want to play with good quality balls?
Yeah! They've been there's only one place for you.
Football! Yes, bill's balls. There's up at the best balls in town.
I saw bill's balls from the highway and I just had to stop in and boy, was I satisfied.
I was so proud to bill's balls. I took them all, and we didn't see them.
Ball, ball, ball, ball. And I played with Bill Borg right there on the spot.
So all the way up to the two-time and seat bill's balls once. Once you've seen bill's balls, you'll never look at balls the same way again.
Now two great locations, Quilper and this is him square ball.
Okay, it's 144.560 QA. 0x8 in the quarter, $8.25.
I've got to say for that, Rimmer. Yeah, eight in the quarter.
$5.670, $5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the mobile of the lights here. Hello.
Yes, sir. I don't know if you've noticed, but there's yet another minority moving in the South Florida, in South Florida.
Last week I went to 12 different stores, making my deliveries and wouldn't you know it, that in all 12 stores, at some point, a group of wet bags had watched in,
all plenty of sunburns from working outdoors. A group of what? All plenty of sunburns from working outdoors.
Beater, you're talking about Mexican. Oh, Mexicans, yeah. Yeah, nothing like that.
Yeah, it's good enough for George P. Bush or whatever's name is, it's good enough for us.
They cycle through. How's your P doing? Is he still driving around in that broads, or driving around in circles without a shirt?
Yeah. So I go for him. Here's Miami. Hello.
P. Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, this may be a very simple concept, but I can solve the Middle East crisis in one minute.
Okay, well, good. Go tell him I'm not interested. Call up George tomorrow. I'll be talking about the Middle East and he's got a 45 part.
He's got some Arab broad that's going to come in here with some Shmata on with her who side Shaco.
And she's going to be given the other side, the Palestinian point of view. So we're going to have like a 75,000 part series on this.
If you loved alien, you'll love this. The Arabs and the Idlah starts tomorrow with George Rodriguez right here, 10 to 215, 62 am.
I'll be out of town. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, I have to comment. I don't have a phone is this?
Oh, why are you paying for this phone for this? Yes. Wow.
So, when whenever I have to go to a conference and when a doctor is speaking, they do the same thing. They have to tell everything where he went to school.
Yeah, the whole nine yards without cares. I know, but it's I don't know why they do it all the time.
And number two, before I leave it, sir, all the even in football, all the names are even funny like tight end and wide receiver.
I tried and how do you like that? You have to be playing out to see it, you know, but I guess it's worth.
And don't forget to don't forget those cozy showers together after the game. There's long hot steamy showers hanging there.
I'll get a new phone. That phone was bad. Good guy. Bad phone.
But as that's only down 19 that I was up 54, but zero oxygen is eight and a quarter. Yeah.
Well, my brother and I heard a tip from some Arab oil bearing that was on a goddamn bus somewhere in the Tampika. Yeah, Cox, a hoist rumor.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the and you two matured. Well, I sold mine a long time ago. Yes. Thanks for telling us, Mitch.
Not. Here's what's probably chill. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I'm not agreeing with you. I did play football for about eight years.
And that's one thing that's hands under the center's ass. I just couldn't get used to that. They want to play quarterback. I gave the shot. Now it's like no way.
I think they didn't ask you to play center. That might even be worse. I don't know. It might even be worse.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. Listen to the show. I think I might be turning gay. I don't know. I do that most quarterback. I balls on guys is what I'm hearing. Yes, thanks. That's what I think.
Well, just keeping me out of that locker room. I don't really want to know personally. Okay, say how to cordell. 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So you're finally bringing these guys out. Straight guys don't play football except the Ann Marie know maybe a couple of other guys. Now Jason Taylor. He's got that calendar.
You know, well, mandatio bow camper. We know the bear out straight arrows. The Joe Rose still goes over in showers with Danny on the weekends when Danny's life's out of town.
Not to share about the little dog. At least that's what Danny calls it the little dog. Here's a bottle of beach. Hello.
Oh, one guy one guy already took the. I was gonna say about the. He stole your title. The title and then the wife. Yeah, how do you like that? There is one. There is one place. So that goes in motion. And he stops when he gets in the flat.
Uh-huh.
That's attribution. Oh, okay. Thank you. That was your W calling it.
Prepping for tomorrow's big debate. What are you looking at me for like that? I'm just the little child on my system. It's 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes. There's no fact on the grid. Uh-huh. Here's a lady in Boka. Hello.
Lady in Boka. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Please. Don't put George on tomorrow. Why not? I can't George. What would he do? We're going to have somebody hit him. He did a great show here.
He had that policy in Elsa Cacha on. She was terrible. Elsa Cacha. Elsa Cacha.
Ed Cacha. What are you talking about? I thought he had an Israeli on. Oh, she wasn't in Australia. She was a pretend Israeli. Yeah. Yeah. I think that she was.
She was. She was. I thought he was. The Gators. For us. Five six or maybe he played used to play for the least for you. So many five six seven oh five 60.
How? How we could use them. Five six on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See one of the things that I love about this show is I know that 95% of the time the things that I'm saying not only go over the heads of most of the people out there, but around them behind them and maybe even up there.
They don't even know that's what I love. 10 to 2 at 560 WQA. But Neil Roger show sports radio 560. You.
Hey, suck it in and hold it. And no on the campaign trail with George W. Bush today. America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory. Right to be here in Nevada. South Carolina.
I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. Hey, Bush, what are you know about working? I never have worked today. My entire life.
Hands smooth silky palm oil. You're soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. Yo, what? Yes, sir. Yeah, where are you going? You guys know what a good question. The important substinitive marijuana legalization. No, absolutely not.
Okay, yes. You can hear one probably. And that means without a doubt. Without a doubt. Now you. What are you going to do for the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot. What? Can I get a lot?
Thank you very much. We got a lot of. With George W. Bush 156 at 560 W. Q. A. M. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hello. I'm Neha. How are you doing? Okay. I did a second panel called in 10 years. I've actually met you many years ago when you're doing serious topics at the end. Well, that's coming back. That's going back.
Anyway, I want to ask you your opinion. I'm thinking like getting a dish. Do you know what a dish that works better than DSS is better than anything else? But the pet for your sports fan, you don't want this TV. They don't have the packages. If you want to, if your sports fan, you want direct TV. If you're not a sports fan, this TV is great.
What would you say if you'd like sports, but you want all the other channels that you said directly, would get a good. Yes. Yes. I'd recommend you to better one. That's what I got. Okay. Sir, I'm very glad you showed that. Okay. Do it. Thanks a lot. Have a good one. You'll love it. Okay. Anybody out there without a dish get two sets. That's what George says. All his Jewish friends. I got two sets of dishes. One to throw a theater. I want to throw up the Cubans. Here's a mobile and high. Hello. How you doing? Right. Hey, I used to play center and I'm gay.
Who knew that? Yeah. Exactly. You're off your knees. We're all right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a TNT. Always just practicing for the beginning this weekend. Here's a mobile and point and beach. Hello.
Who knows what the concept of live minutes. He's a ball to the lady. You got the quarterback sack. Yeah. That's what that means quarterback sack. That's what I'm saying. There. Okay. Yeah. It's another quarterback sack. Right there.
I think you joke. I still look at relate to that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATV. We had only two minutes to kill here and two calls. I'm going to cut it. Not with these calls.
Mobile and Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hey, it looks up. How you doing, sir? I got to respectfully disagree with you. I don't think the ball is the gay sport.
