David Sommeleese, first round playoff, get down to the sport trade here.
You're 5-7-1.
You're a 4-0.
Emmy Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers.
You're a 4-0.
You're a 4-0.
6-7-0, 5-6-8, toll-free, per-deeded.
You're a 4-0.
5-6-0 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show,
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley, meet acquisitions or the beastly broadcast.
No.
No.
Neil Rogers, on sports radio 5-6-0, Q-A-L.
Playoff!
Uh, playoff!
This!
Oh!
Me and Tom, I'm so distracted lately.
Why's that?
There's so many hot women around that can't stop looking and fantasizing about them.
Well, try this.
What's that?
Ritner.
A new truck guaranteed to help you forget your fantasies and refocus your energy.
Oh, excellent.
Give it here.
Ritner is great.
Now watch.
What do you think about the new sales code, Julie?
Ritner.
That's right.
It works.
How about that chick at the jammer always talking about?
Ritner.
It's going to jump.
The girl's supposed to office.
Ritner.
Yep.
Oh, look.
Here comes my wife.
Janna.
Ritner.
What?
I mean, uh, Ritner.
I heard what you said.
That better be the drug stocking.
Ritner is neither endorsed or recommend.
Or even the knowledge by the FDA.
7.7.
I always give it me.
I'm not a slash-my-risk jerk.
Hey, so what's going on here?
Anything you know what exciting?
No.
Sam old crap, I guess, huh?
Boy, what is with the levels on this thing?
Really strange.
The overhead's a little bit peculiar.
And I don't know if somebody sure what might have been sitting in this chair last week?
I didn't adjust the chair.
Huh?
I feel like I'm sitting in a high chair just like the PD.
Oh, wait.
Like I said, I did adjust the chair.
Why notices can speak to us by his absence again today?
We just came back from vacation.
Oh, hey, that's the way it works around here.
So anything new, go with it on?
Like I said.
No.
Here's our poll.
By the way, beeslead is eight.
We don't have a jingle that's his eight.
So the closest we could come was that one we had in 7.7.
7.7.
That's a good idea.
I'm not a slash-my-risk jerk.
Of course, it could be.
And we do realize it could be 7.7 before the day is out.
So we'll keep our eye close to glued on, Madam.
I'm sure that Eris said his finger on it right now.
Anyway, our poll question that we changed over the weekend on our website,
neo-rodgers.com, for obvious reasons, do you think the amount of force used to
extract alien was appropriate or excessive?
But 520 votes.
447 said appropriate.
86%.
Only 73.
14% said it was excessive.
Obviously, emotional cripples.
We don't understand them when there are people holding somebody hostage,
which amounted to a kid mapping.
They have to go in there and use some force and went and doubt.
Even a better late than ever, Janet.
Nice going to the US.
So you do understand that the continent of Europe, other than England,
were like a little bit behind the time.
There were only five hours ahead.
But the rest of Europe is six hours ahead.
So we go to lunch at McDonald's in Amsterdam on Saturday.
It's about 11.15.
Sauna back to the hotel.
Now it's a little before noon, which we would have made.
It'll be four, six o'clock in the morning here following this.
Turn on the TV in my room.
And there is CNN.
And I see on my screen all this stuff unfolding, which had just happened about a half hour before.
And I went, oh, yeah.
Nice going, Janet.
Better late than ever, sweetheart.
It was just like being home.
It was kind of like a little practice for being home already.
A couple of days ahead of time.
Same old tired neurotic stuff.
Media continuing to pretend to you that this is a very important story.
You see, I know that a lot of you won't like hearing this, but it's true.
The method is that your brain is manipulated by the media.
Although the one good pull that I see, the best pull of all of them,
is about to the media do a good job covering this story.
66% two people said, no, no, no.
No way they stuck the joint out.
Embarrassing pathetic.
And that's true.
That's absolutely correct.
But nevertheless, like I've told you many times in the past,
and as usual, I got my thumb right on it.
When the media decides that a story is important,
they're going to bombard you with it and continue to say, hey, you know something,
this must be important.
They must be right.
And so we're just going to talk about that until we're blue in the face,
so we can't talk no more.
It's not an important story.
It's an immigration story.
It's a child custody story.
It's a lot of things, but it's not like the end of the world.
And as far as the neurotic repetitive, tired, old, stale craft
that we've been subjected to in this town day after day,
month after month, year after year, we are so tired of it,
we've got to come out of our ears already.
We've got castor-itis coming out of our...
Bretto.
...s.
Old and still.
Get a new God-dame song, okay?
Get a life.
Get a new hobby.
Evidently, dominoes isn't getting a job done.
Check what the old Jew is.
I think my drawing is still pretty popular.
Do something.
Besides this incessant crap.
But you know something, something valuable did happen for me during this period of time.
Besides having a great time in Amsterdam, of course.
Of course.
Right.
I may actually have to put my finger in a sling for a few days.
But at any rate, the great thing was I woke up in the middle of the night,
three o'clock in the morning, there, time, which is not a clock in the evening this time here.
Flip on my TV to get the hockey scores.
Of course, see what's going on.
Nice score, at least by the way.
Wow.
What happened to those Panthers?
Are they still playing?
No.
Going to play anymore, though, is no.
But anyway, so it took on a TV.
It was maybe Wednesday, Thursday night.
And here's your favorite friend.
Longing, sure, Steve.
So it's 9 o'clock at night.
Curried live all over the world.
And who is the guest tonight for the entire hour?
Tonight.
It's the vice president and tipper that I'm not sure if it's tipper or...
And you know something?
Something very valuable happened to me.
Because I decided, even though I have this voter registration card in my wallet,
for the first time in years that I was planning on voting, am I going to vote?
No.
Absolutely not.
I wouldn't vote for you, Al Gore, if you paid me $50,000.
I mean, George W's out of the question.
And this is why the majority of the public continue trying to express to the powers that be.
These aren't the people that we want.
Give us a different choice.
Give us somebody.
That's why Bradley offered a little bit of hope for about five minutes,
and since we realized how boring he was, that's why John McKayne offered a little bit of hope
until we found out he was full of crap.
How do you like his thing about South Carolina and the Confederate flag, by the way?
Oh, I just did that for politics.
Yeah.
I'm sorry I did that.
See, now that he's out of the running, now he can admit, oh well, I was just political grandstanding,
peddling to those of Rednecks and South Carolina, and it was wrong and I shouldn't have done it.
Like we're going to give him credit for admitting that now.
But Al Gore, your response is, and even Larry, with all those softball, huh?
You know, he priced him on the thing three or four times about the early on business.
His respawn, he keeps giving a non-response.
Even after what happened Saturday, he continues giving a non-response.
Oh, well, it should have been handled in the family courts, and you know,
whatever's best for the child, and sometimes the father gets custody,
but then there are times when he doesn't, but I mean, but he doesn't say anything.
And as I sat there watching the entire hour, up till four o'clock in the morning,
you're up time, I realized this man doesn't deserve my vote or any of yours either.
Neither of these candidates. In fact, starting today, I'm going to encourage what I've done in the past,
side of times, the vote.
See some people out there saying, oh gee, that's a terrible thing to say.
You're supposed to give you a bunch of bull crap, politically correct BS.
George W. Bush and Al Gore, between the two of them, do they deserve our vote?
No.
November, November, New Vegas, we'd ask they don't, just like the poor people up there in New York State,
with Rudy Giuliani. And by the way, talk about the popcorn, the kettle black.
This is even worse than Maris Griseus with their allegations of fake pictures,
who ought to be an expert on fake can contrive pictures with that videotape they made loud,
the two weeks ago.
Yeah. The one that people all over the world are laughing at.
And here's Rudy Giuliani talking about stormtroopers breaking into the house.
Does he know about stormtroopers? There's the expert.
But my point being, it's pervaceted up in New York State.
Now they've got a choice between two people. They can't stand.
So every expert tells you and they're absolutely correct, it's going to be who's going to lose it.
Now who's going to win it? Who's going to be most obnoxious and who will lead you to test the most?
And at the moment, Rudy is winning that pretty handling.
You know what I'm saying? They can't stand it.
They don't like her, that bitch. But they can't stand him.
That fascist disgusting jack booted piece of turd.
Anyway, so what are we going to talk about today?
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 W.Q.A.M.,
Seminole ended casino of Hollywood as the place to pundered lots and lungs in South Florida.
Even better than plastic, maybe we produced without the express written permission of W.Q.A.M.
deeply re-equipment acquisition courts. Help me, Roger Scott.
I'm blind.
I'm blind.
I'm blind.
Well, I'm singing here in everybody's presence.
I'm in you. I'm singing here in everybody's presence.
I'm singing here in everybody's presence.
I'm singing here in everybody's presence.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
I'm in you.
Maw capping.
I couldn't see the way he is up there.
Most of them, there are a few exceptions.
And some I like.
I like to have Kennedy when he sober, which isn't very often.
I like Chris Dodd from Connecticut.
But not too many of most of our assholes,
exporters, liars, Bob Graham, you're a jackass man.
You're pathetic.
You're subhuman scum.
Oh, he was personally promised by a president
that it wouldn't happen during the nighttime hours.
Has anybody ever heard of anything ridiculous in their lives?
So let's wait until noon on any given day,
when there's at least 1,500 of these craziest
historical protesters massed their in front of that house.
Let's wait until noon.
You idiot.
Of course, they were going to do it at 5 o'clock in the morning.
And of course, you know, with everybody's luck,
the AP photographer gets in there and takes that one picture.
Really fascinating to see.
The two front pages in yesterday morning's newspapers
in this town to give it a different perspective.
Here's the mind.
Well, first, the sunsend.
I will say this.
The sunsend will inside us have a special alien section.
And there's that huge photo from the AP photographer
of the INS guy with the machine gun.
Not pointed at anybody's head by the way.
And also with this thing, very clearly, not on the trigger.
And also on a hero this morning, they finally point out
that, well, guess what?
They did realize that there were people at least one person
with a gun in the home, not to mention how many people outside.
And of course, guns in Miami.
What a concept, huh?
You don't just send your people in there naked,
just like Sonny said in the Godfather.
He's not the son of his brother in that bathroom.
We're coming out with just his hand, okay?
But here's the front page of yesterday's sunsend.
Well, dead and alien reunited.
Now, on the left, it shows the new woman, INS agent,
taking a kid out.
He's crying and being world-renowned, of course,
and hysterical.
But on the right, here's the picture that I'll say.
Oh, it's the phony picture.
I forgot, Maris, crazy ass.
It's the phony picture.
They both really have a stocked phony.
Mrs. Herell, look the same as it did in the other picture.
Yes.
The only difference in the hair is like the color print.
That's always a cheap, frowny camera.
As Jason Yoltside, you probably took of it
as a frowny, honned camera.
But other than that, it looks like the same guy
didn't hear it in me.
How could you adopt your picture like that,
you crazy bitch?
But at any rate, here's the headline,
dead and alien reunited.
Agencies, child and food in the suburban Washington,
you see where his father began custody.
And a kid, by the way, looks extraordinarily happy to me.
And also, thank God, is not being paraded in front of the cameras
like a circus animal that he has been for the past five months.
For the front and profit of crazy Cuban organizations
and individuals in this town.
This kid has been held hostage.
He's been kidnapped.
Once they revert the custody from that point on,
it was the equivalent of a kidnapping.
So what happened on Saturday was a rescue mission,
not some horrendous grotesque government action.
But of course, here's a mighty hero front page from yesterday.
Here is the front, the AP picture right there
in the front page gun pointed.
And there is the fisherman, we'll get to him in a minute.
We'll take plenty of time on the crazy fisherman
in a closet with alien.
I think there's something symbolic about that.
The fisherman, they're not O'Dell Ripple, he's in a closet.
And there's a crying, Maris, crazy ass.
But the headline in huge letters says,
seized raid returns alien to father.
You see, just a little bit of difference for him.
Just a little pad.
A difference between the Sunsendle,
which is throughout this whole deal,
been relatively pretty good.
And the hysterical paddering hero,
they had that Jack S. Tom Fieler on last night on CNN.
You know, the one with the rubber raincoat
that was been detaching around Gary Hart and Donna Rice,
that Tom Fieler, what a prophetic performance.
Pregnant.
You're not fooling anybody, Tom.
The only time they wrote anything they made any sense yesterday
was my good friend Tom Zicka.
You see his column about the media coverage will get to that.
Let us go to get to, maybe even a few calls today.
You see, I hate to break the news to you,
but if these people really cared about the kid,
if they really wanted to compromise,
if they're really more serious negotiate,
see there was nothing more to negotiate.
Negotiating doesn't mean that you agree
with a bunch of points, and then when push comes to shove,
every time it comes to the last thing
about turning over custody, you say,
oh, that's not negotiating.
So people like Lee and Lincoln Diaz,
Balar and Jorge Maso Mendoza and all these other fakeers
that are trying to give you a solid advantage.
But all the negotiations were still going on a good faith,
and the government never had any intention.
The government had every intention
and had every ample opportunity before the scene of the child.
They didn't want to do it that way.
If the government had no intention of negotiating,
you don't have the attorney general on the phone
before clock at the goddamn morning,
once you could have been doing a girlfriend
or whatever she might have been doing.
That's right, something worthwhile.
So anybody who believed these grave robberies,
these axe murderers down there, it's very clear.
In fact, even our close personal friend
who don't speak to us anymore,
the other fisherman Sam Ciancio,
a friend we have speaking out now,
and I'll take credit for that for finally bushing him up.
He says, who had the power to stop this, huh?
The family in Miami, the ball was in their court,
but they chose not to.
They invited the Marshalls to come into the house.
Now it's called Sam, who also says, by the way,
my cousin, DeNato, is a monkey.
He's only doing this to get his face on camera.
DeNato, Del Ripple, is using a six-year-old child.
So Sam Ciancio, one of the fishermen
who rescued Ilihan.
Our poor question today is, by the way,
who's the biggest asshole?
Laser-Oganzalus, meris-lacias-ganzalus,
or DeNato Del Ripple, the fisherman.
Better put the fisherman in parentheses there,
because most people don't know him by name,
but once you say the fisherman,
you'll know exactly which asshole we're talking about.
Which of those three do you think is the biggest asshole, okay?
I vote for DeNato hands down, man.
And I want to apologize right here on the air today
to Cato Cainlin, because I had compared,
before I went away on vacation,
I compared this guy, I said,
he was the Cato Cainlin of the Ilihan case.
I apologize, Cainlin, because you're a little trophy asshole,
but you're not in the same league with this guy.
I know the words they were using.
Words that I never used in my life, the words again.
Yeah, the words they were using.
What get the F out of the way or else?
And where's the F and Kid?
That's it.
That's the way those operations are done.
Quickly, dramatically.
Like, we're not taking any crap
you're out of the way.
Give us what we want and bingo.
That's it.
Nice job, very well done.
And within just a matter of hours,
he was back with daddy, daddy holding the kid on his arms.
There's no more media circus going on,
even though it's poor passage.
George was telling me this morning,
so to read those people hanging around in front of the house
after the family was long gone and the kid,
they got in the way to life.
That's their life now.
So for hours and hours, they're still milling in the streets.
They're hanging around,
trying to beat up some guys from CNN
or any other camera man they could find,
to make themselves feel bitter about themselves.
There are millions of people starving to death
in Ethiopia, including millions of children.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
Does anybody here talk about that?
No.
Over in Robert Mugabe and Zimbabwe,
I like the way that sounds, by the way,
that's the motivation.
He's a crazy person now.
And he's so called black.
Well, what's the word they use?
Squatters.
Just check it.
His black squatters, they're squatting on it.
That's right.
I'm white-tone farmland.
And if the farmers don't get out, they're dead.
They're burgeoning each other up.
They're crazy people there.
Crazy people.
Does anybody care?
No.
Does anybody talking about that?
So all this crap about like this six-year-old kid,
like everybody's so concerned about Aion,
like I told him before, he's the trophy.
He is the symbol.
He is the anti-castore stuff.
That's what he is.
And of course, and there is crazy asses case.
He's also the lost puppy out of the chief fountain.
She ain't giving it back.
And it impressed confidence yesterday.
And I'm not so veiled comment for Jan Arrino.
Well, you know, Miss Arrino,
you're never gonna have your own showroom.
And we know that.
Which was just another way of saying,
you miserable, dyke you.
That was what you,
and how many kids you got, Maris Graci?
Yes, thank God none.
Thank God none.
And you know something, the best thing we can do right now
is fix her and I'd go on some mishpah hut.
Make sure that it gets sterilized before they come back.
And this is the same Maris Graci as by the way,
who back when they gave them the deadline of two o'clock
on at Faithful Day,
that they were supposed to bring the kid to the airport.
And the government was gonna fly the whole family
including Maris Graci as up there to Washington,
to be reunited with the father and have this meeting.
Oh no, well, she can't fly because she's too ill
and better be, but you notice the stalkers,
the men that this kid was out of the house,
they were already planning to follow up there to Washington,
the stalk him up there.
And she had no problem getting on that plane
and sitting over their head down.
And who was on a plane?
The same guy that was on in the closet.
The fisherman.
Oh!
Was on a plane.
Who was having a cheerful press conference yesterday?
The fisherman.
Oh!
Oh, I'm ashamed to be in a parachute.
Oh my God, the kid, I'm so ashamed.
Wait to hear this.
Here's an article that I had missed.
Thanks to a Lauren for passing this to me.
I'm not sure which day this was in the Sun Sentinel.
In our good post-Françame Ciancio,
the other fisherman that rescued this kid
says, we won't be breaking bread again of him and his cousin.
The father of two or four-lettered rooving company,
they no longer speak to each other.
Wait to hear this.
When the two men traveled to Washington
to meet Juan Miguel Gonzales,
Ciancio said they agreed the purpose of their trip
was to see what kind of father he was.
We wanted to know if he was a good father,
what kind of man he was, Ciancio said.
As we entered the room within three minutes,
my cousin was crying at this man's feet,
saying, no man in no country has the right
to separate you from your son.
Are you following this?
What he said to this man, Juan Miguel Gonzales
and what he's doing in Miami are two different things.
He's a pimp, he's an explorer.
He's waiting for the book, the mini series,
the full length feature movie.
Are you fooling anybody?
You're not out?
No, you're not fooling me, I'll take it that.
50 years for overacting, 50 years minimum.
He makes merriss graci as look like a piker,
I'll tell you that.
No, seriously, he's not in the same league with him,
even with all her histionics and the tear,
she's squirting them all over the place.
Yeah, he's squirting them.
She's not in a league with this guy, no fisherman.
I mean, seriously, when you step back from this whole thing
and other than a kid is back with a father
and the father can't take him back to Cuba
or any place else because you've already got
things justice department issued there thing
and the court, the circuit court,
also issued their restraining order
to prevent him from leaving the country.
What you're allegedly is what they wanted
in the first place, isn't that supposed
to be what was all about?
Oh, no, that's not what they wanted.
They want to keep their trophy and you ain't getting them.
We got them and you ain't getting them.
Within three, four hours,
they were already making their reservations
to hop aboard that plane.
All of his very well-financed business that's going on,
including the $2 million that was offered
by Lazarus Gonzales to the father
to hand over the child and look and keep the kid.
$2 million, but he was some kind of an item
and object to be brought.
So that's a few state in the country.
Yeah, worth the kid.
Yeah, but where did the $2 million come from?
In the house and the car.
In the big screen.
In the big screen.
In the big screen TV.
You know, it's not weather time.
It's time to think about an important part
of your house, your air conditioning system.
So if you're thinking about installing a new AC unit,
if you want a free second opinion
on a price somebody else gave you or.
No sense.
You don't mind you?
Or are they quarter?
Are we doing it?
And please that we've already taken drugs.
Swarning, we do have a lot.
We need more and that's what this meeting
and these announcements are about.
We need to ask also why aren't we doing drugs
with other drugs?
I remember more than 30 years ago,
I was exposed to some of the greatest drugs in the country.
So I know firsthand from 30 years
and my own behalf and watching experts.
So I hope that all of us will see this as a beginning
and that we will be even more committed to drugs.
Thank you all very much.
Wow.
Nice weather.
Swarning.
Speaking of that, by the way,
they had a governor of New Mexico,
the Republican outgoing governor of New Mexico,
which obviously he and I,
are probably election,
they keep his mouth shut.
Who is in favor of legalizing marijuana and heroin, by the way.
And he was on 60 minutes last night.
See, that's important stuff we ought to be talking about
instead of having all these millions of people
in jail in this country.
Yeah, that's fascism.
That's what that's all about.
That's what people ought to be talking about.
Am I right?
But they're talking about alien, alien, alien, alien,
and on, like some kind of an illness,
like some kind of a disease.
It's all alien all day.
It's in on MSNBC.
See?
566-10560,
pound 560 on a AT&T line.
Out of town line is open 877-785-6345.
Here's an interesting facts.
Neil, I really don't understand why you refused to go on show
such as nightline.
You really tell her like it is in your opinion to be heard nationwide.
If people like Renee are crossed,
they can get a national publicity over this.
So can you.
The answer is, I'm not looking for publicity.
I'm here doing the Neorodger show.
I've been offered.
How many calls did we have when this thing will be
before they finally get the seizure?
Before our vacation?
Behind.
At least.
I would say we probably had at least behind.
100 calls and fighting this one and that one in our initial.
And the answer was consistent and the same.
No.
Because I'm not interested in those things.
Am I even going to make any money from that?
No.
Am I looking for publicity?
No.
No.
I'm not a media horde.
If I go speak in a media assholes,
oh, Michelle Gillen, I'm telling you,
when push comes to show,
they had a special breathless hour on Channel 4 News last night
between 6 and 7 o'clock.
And one of the featured commentators on there,
and she was a commentator, not a reporter,
just like Rick Sanchez,
a commentator, giving opinions, was Michelle Gillen,
who was lending credibility to Maris Gracius,
suggestions that these pictures of the kid
were the father with a smile on his face.
My nice way of been fake.
She's got lending credibility to it.
And everybody in America with a brain is saying,
yeah, just like the people who were believing
that can try videotapes,
just like the guy that intrigued judges,
those cracker judges from the guy
that made 11 circuit court of appeals,
who wish her that ruling,
that 17 paid ruling in which they said,
among other ridiculous things,
that while you know the boy has a right to apply for a song,
which he may have already done in that videotape,
and when I read that in the International Hale Tribune,
I immediately went, oh, my God.
Kids half the age of Aelion can see through that tape.
Poppy, no Kierter, you're Kierter Taco Bell.
You're Kierter Taco Bell.
What about a helly-wissing on that thing?
Looking off of the side getting coached.
How many times you think they had her redo,
reshoot that video?
Yeah, at least.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Dale, my question of goodification.
The best.
I don't want to make comment on the plays in this, basically.
First of all, the fishermen along with the two nightmares
are the biggest ass that I've seen in my life.
Yeah.
Isn't that interesting?
It took the two mayors until six o'clock in the evening Saturday
to finally hold a press conference
and tell everybody to cut the crap and not set any more fires in the racetrack.
Till six o'clock in the evening, they finally got the balls to open up and mouth.
Exactly.
And there is his little name.
Basically, it is an evil bitter witch.
Yeah, I can see.
Bitchy.
Absolutely.
And let me tell you, for Rudy Giuliani,
he's the biggest hypocrite.
Yeah, I want to see Poppy and let the black man get killed.
That is correct.
And now for the fourth base, the Cubans
who are back in these guys and now are going to be pawned
to a Republican party, basically,
if they're so unhappy with being American now,
just get on a boat and go right back to Cuba.
And we'll pack up a meeting on the share and grab their hangin' out right.
Thank God.
Okay.
All right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Bye bye, Albert.
Goor.
Bye bye, Al.
You're not getting my vote.
Nobody's getting my vote.
I'm doing the right thing.
I'm staying the hell away again.
You know, when you go and you cast the vote, it's like saying,
hey, I'm giving you my tangible support here.
I believe that you're qualified to be the president.
Is Al Gore qualified to be president?
No.
Is George W. Qualified?
No.
Of course not.
Neither one.
Neither of the above.
No, thank you.
I'll stay home.
I'll play with myself.
I'll play par cheese-y.
I'll do something.
I'll go out and demonstrate in front of the house.
But I will absolutely positively not lend my tangential support
to losers, to panders like this.
Good politician.
There is the Americans.
Number one, oxymoron.
Good politician.
And as a matter of fact, you know something, what I mean?
That goes to show you why some of us are so unhappy
that Bubba can't be in there in other 20 or 30 years.
He's heads and shoulders about head and shoulders
above the rest of them, especially the head part.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
I was curious earlier to see what you were going to be saying
about the situation and realize that your perspective
is very predictable and very shallow.
Uh-huh.
And because I don't agree with you, is that making very shallow?
You're going to be thinking, you want everyone to agree with you?
And your words are lost and still...
No, sir, I'm giving you the right to cut.
Oh, I'm still a cut.
Okay, thank you.
560-560.
Palm 560 on an AT&T wireless line.
I guess that tells us all we need to know about that call.
Thank you.
Our timeline is open 877-785-6345.
Just like that tight-generated real, right?
Should you wish...
No, what she must be.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
I noticed you stood at the alien or the trophy for the people down here in Miami.
Yes, for the...
From so-called family and the politicians, right?
Right, the politicians.
Uh, is he going to be a trophy if they're going to go back to Cuba?
I don't think he's going back to Cuba, at least not anytime soon.
Well, I mean, it's inevitable.
He eventually will.
Yeah.
Well, what do you say that?
Well, do you think he'll be a trophy for a fiddle when he gets back there?
Probably.
Okay.
Is that right or wrong?
Of course it's wrong.
Okay.
But in the meantime, if he's with his father, that's the part that's right.
In the father's...
The father has the right to decide delivery right after that.
I don't disagree with that.
Now, also, why do you think the president is so...
Well, are the president getting this gift back so soon?
So soon?
And so getting back with his dad so soon?
Well, wouldn't he be so soon if dad had been here for more...
Three weeks.
That's not my point.
I'm saying, why is it so much importance for our president to reunite in a legal...
First of all, his father...
First of all, he's not in a legal alien number one.
Number two, the president didn't make the decision.
He was consulted with it.
And number three, get a life.
Why was it so important to do it so soon?
Yeah, what was the rush?
Why could they let him just stay down there and continue with that circus for next to five, six, seven months?
To be on display.
Don't be pointing the finger at anybody else to so-called Miami family because you and your handlers and cohorts and big money supporters...
You're the ones who called all the shots, even though you're in support of your company shots.
Especially after they legally took away the custody, you had no right to keep hold of that kid.
But you had a chance to do it in a way that you might have impressed some of other people, got well over some supporters.
But no, instead of doing that hard ass, no matter what they are compromised with supposed to be, the answer was always the same.
That's not negotiation, that's not compromise.
It's kidnapping.
We got him, you ain't getting them.
In fact, you remember the comments that one day when Lazarus said they'll have to end, and also the daughter, they'll have to step over our body to get him.
We're not surrendering him.
Well, guess what? They did.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, me.
My comments are so shallow and predictable.
And it's interesting.
I think, well, of course, forget about that.
It's interesting to see, by the way, except for the NBC poll, which they seem to have difficulty finding the right people.
But every other poll, see an end, see the US, all the other polls, a sizable majority of the people, including, by the way, into the local polls.
Agreed.
And the 86% of our audience, which of course speaks for itself, because we got people who aren't professional ethnics like George.
And you, that's either you go with that crap again.
I totally, absolutely wrong.
I was thinking about that. I'm a case. I wasn't going to bring it up today. I was going to wait till tomorrow, but I'll bring it up again.
The fact that you believe that is so astonishing to me. It's so shocking. Not about the humor.
No, but you believe that I care about any of those things about the holidays that I'm proud of that.
It's, it's foolishness.
Never the last. You bring it up constantly. You call people anti-Semites. You call Gentiles goyems.
Yeah.
Daily.
And what about racist and the Cuban haters and every other people? It does make any difference for me.
You're not ashamed of being Jewish. You were it proudly.
No, I don't wear it proudly. You're wrong. I don't wear it proudly.
It's a joke. The language is a joke here. I'm telling you, you're scary. You really are. You're scaring me.
Your professional tubanus is coming to you.
Joe Costello, if you're listening, you're right, Joe. It's a professional spec.
Boy, I just, I can't, I did. That's the, oh, I didn't think about this place at all during that 10 days I was going.
I was having a great time, but I did think about three or four times about that.
It's very disturbing to me that you can work with somebody this long and they still haven't got any, any clothes as to what you're all about.
None.
They get rid of your HM, with exciting new affordable PPO plans from Independent Insurance Group.
And listen to this, you'll even get your health premiums back at age 65 as your current.
You know, I mean, it's on roofing business. Right.
And obviously, you can make a living. This other, uh, don't know how a dowry of the whatever.
I think looks just like Jay Wettel. This guy's got no job. This guy's just sucking on the public.
You know, I'm always, what I'm going to talk so about like rescue is they always reunite somebody months later.
I've never heard of anybody living with the family. He's part of the whole operation.
Yes. You're going to be a motor home.
No, no, no. I don't think I want to ask you a thing on it. I let you go.
I'm very six people from the family right now down in Miami.
I might, uh, now it's maybe more.
I know for a fact six of them.
And they're like saying that they're going to stay there for a long time, maybe a month.
Who is picking up the bill?
I'm assuming six people are going to take a moment.
We all have the same organizations who picked up the bill that we're going to put up the two million dollars to pay the ransom to keep the kidney country.
If they're far away, the people that are paying for all the, uh, the plane trips, all the other expenses, all the actual organizations in big county.
This is a pretty one last thing. This is a lot of work.
It's all about this family.
You know, you didn't get a noble thing. Of course they took this kid in and they didn't really do anything different than a foster family.
You know, I mean, they brought the kid in. They showed him love, um, which they should have.
Um, and now it's like they probably have as little right to see the kid as I do what you do. Correct.
I mean, they have no question.
The other guy that asked me what's the big hurry world? The president's big hurry. Let me ask you this.
What was the, what's the big hurry? They would, and no matter how ours they had to go up and see him to see if he was alright.
As if this kid was going to be in a straight jacket or tied up in a rope somewhere in a corner with communist, the slowings being yelled at him.
You see, the reason that the family had to go stalking and chasing after the kid immediately if not sooner was because just like all along, they are terrified, scared, crapless, that every minute that he spends with the father, he'll be deep programed from the assistant brainwashing that took place in that house every single day to set him against the father and the changes who lied to him.
Oh, yes. Now, how wonderful it is here. And he wants to stay here and to say he became a puppet of that so called Miami family.
And don't you kid yourselves. I mean, just anybody with common decency after all the trauma that this kid has been through, including the unnecessary stuff that happened Saturday, which they caused to happen by their own refusal to really negotiate and hand him over and they were complied with the law.
After all the trauma, wouldn't any decent people leave him alone with the father for a few days, a little piece and quiet away from the media circuits that they've subjected until for the last five months, lectures we asked, but these are not decent people.
These are liars. These are people are nothing more than pymphs being handled by all of these organizations, but all these grave robbers that you see on there. Lincoln, the Asura, Ramon, Sala, Sanchez, with the smatha on his head now.
Armando Gutiérrez, the PR guy with all the judges in his pocket, Jose Garcia, Pedroza. I can't not mention the two mayors, of course, who are also just pymphs.
That's where all the money is coming from to finance this whole operation. And by the way, some of those sad, toothless people are were down there for weeks and weeks and weeks on and they're also just pawns in the game.
Just being used and manipulated on cue as usual, which is going on in his town for two goddamn long.
And here I'm sitting over there five, six thousand miles away, seeing these pictures again, same old tired crap, seeing the fires in the middle of the street, seeing three police officers getting beaten with a baseball bat, lining up in a hospital.
And this by the way, in the same city where the mayor of the city has been on proclaiming for weeks now, there's not going to be any violence.
My name is a peaceful city, yada yada yada. And then we have all these people coming on breakfast for yesterday, saying, oh, well, gee, it could have been a lot worse. Look how away we strained everybody was.
It could have been a lot worse except for the fact that the mining police did a hell of a good job. Nice going again, porkers. You betcha.
And you know one of the sweetest parts of this whole deal is that the city of mining police was informed by the IONS.
One of the other, there was a mining police officer on one of the vans that pulled up and part of the operation.
And of course, Mayor Carroyo and Mayor Pena Pakenia, they're forming at the mouth because they weren't informed.
In fact, Joe Carroyo says that if it was within his power, he would fight a police chief, but he doesn't have the authority to do that because he didn't let him in on it.
And you want to know why these mayors weren't letting on it because within a matter of seconds after they would have gotten the word, they'd have been on the photo of these other henchmen who just gave it a list.
Because they were a solution to the problem, they were part of the problem. They were down there holding hands, grandstanding.
And there was Carroyo right there early in the morning.
On Worldwide TV on CNN, screaming and carrying on about the federal government and about you'd expect this in communist Cuba and Bapapapapapapapipe and all this other crap.
And about how on the day before Easter, they wanted to rewrite this kid with his atheist father, which is interesting by the way.
You'll notice that the family allegedly yesterday, the real family went to a church service at N Reservoir Space.
You know, they had some real interesting stuff. In fact, last night on one of the reports I think it was on CNN on that time show that they had time in there with their collaborative with Time Magazine, they showed that all the news coverage has been on the air in Havana over Cuba.
Oh, it's up to the rate.
No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about ongoing, including comments from both sides, comments from the family.
The so-called Miami family. So I've been on there.
Thanks, Sal.
Sal Tha Koon is building pizzas for our fat people in water.
Well, you eat the pizza, I'll drink the water.
Here's a call from Columbus, Ohio. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I lived in plantation for 20 years and I was a devotee of yourself on all those different stations.
I've been out of there for two years now and watching this charade from 1,200 miles away and knowing what must be going on down there in a little Havana.
I got to tell you, you got to get out of there. The place is such a set pool and you become numb to a living in that crap every day because that's all you hear about.
I just came back from 10 days in Amsterdam, so I don't spend all of my life in this town.
Yeah, the rumor is that you're a fishing net, you contract and you're leaving?
What do you mean the rumor is? Well, I got a friend who lives with me and he sends me taste once in a while.
Yeah, he said that this is really it. That you're set up down there and-
Well, first of all, what do you mean you're set up down there? The fact is, you know, I'm 50, 70 years old.
I'm not going to be one of those people that's going to die on the air if I can help it.
I don't plan on working forever.
Have you decided where you can live or that's not going to be a public?
Yeah, probably an Amsterdam.
Okay, well, I miss you and I got to tell you that outside of South Florida, they really are living breathing people when nice to deal with the pace of life.
It's not so frantic that everyone's up each other's ass or-
I'm well aware of that. I just came back from 10 of the best days of my life.
Okay, Richie, you reduced back and you get out of here too, buddy.
Okay, have a great day. Don't worry about where I'm going, pal. I'm doing just fine.
Even though my stock workers lose my money faster than they can make in print.
I did, but he'll be history soon. 5, 6, 7, what are you laughing about?
I'm not going to just sit around and wait for this guy to show me what a hot shot he is.
Oh, yeah, but I mean, but I don't think I've seen him.
I've got a guy that's a good talker, but he's not a good listener.
You know, I tell him what my goals are, what are my game plan is.
And he's like, I don't know what is high, which by the way, it looked to me like the market was taking another gigantic tumble again this morning.
Another tech that I was only down 16 now, 15, but the NASDAQ was now only 13.
Look at that. But the NASDAQ's down to 115 points. There he goes. So there goes more of my money.
This is what happens when you get involved with hot shots.
People are wanting to show you how smart they are and how dumb you are.
Yeah, dumb was right. I was dumb, all right. I need him all my money.
Here's a, my, here's Miami. Hello.
Neil, yes sir. Long time listener. I'm not going to insult you.
I love the way that you usually think. Unfortunately, in this issue, you have alienated me a little bit.
I think you are an expert at proving whatever point you want to prove.
And I wish that I have money, but time enough to convince you about some of the things that you're not going to, you're not going to convince me about anything else to having to do with the story because it didn't going to happen.
Let me let me come from now until midnight, six weeks from Tuesday, and then it could happen.
Let me point some of the inconsistencies of your thinking.
You criticize this family for within two hours after the kid was taken away by guns, which I'm sure that you yourself couldn't believe that the government would have done it.
I absolutely do believe it.
You're defending it now, but I don't think that you could believe that they did.
How, how else would they do it?
Let me tell you what they do.
They're armed, but they could have been playing closed suit and pies and with your weapon, dirty, and say, look, will you get the kid?
The family that also said that's not the way these things are done.
Not the way they're done.
Well, I don't think that this country that is the bastion of human rights, children's rights, religious rights.
This is a child who is being held against the law. That's called kidnapping.
He was being held against the law. This family, that's her. I have to break it.
I'm not going to sit here listening if I'm offended you. Too bad. I don't give my opinions based on whether I'm going to pacify the audience to get ratings to be popular.
I give my real opinions and deliver the consequences.
If every Cuban who listen to this radio shows wants to say goodbye because they don't like what I have to say, bye-bye.
Have a great life. I don't care.
You're not going to manipulate me into this phony shock of seeing the government coming in there with guns going.
Right now, not.
Those the I and S people who got those agents have a right to defend themselves, especially in the middle of this group of crazy people that have been carrying on down here for a week and weekend.
And who knows how many of them might have been armed.
And in a town like this, are you going to take your chances?
No.
You bet your sweet ass you're not.
The fact is that nobody got seriously hurt. Nobody inside got injured. There was no shooting.
The kid was taken out. He's doing fine. That's what you ought to be concerned about.
But if indeed you really care about the kid and let's face it, you don't.
I am worried too much about my health. I feel at home all day and feed myself. I know one day it'll take it slow.
I got free of heart to let the wrong. I got just a giant male.
There's nothing I can do and I want some more. One of these days I'm almost out for show.
I got free of heart to let the wrong. I like coffee and a butter roast.
I want all of me pumping at home. I'm not going to get very old. I got to have the less girl.
It's about two or five sixty WQM. Here's one of the most pathetic factors I ever received in my life.
Here's one of these fake letters. One of those deals about cubanis and cubanad.
We apologize for all the success and busy. I'm not. Probably from that to a jackass.
I got a new typewriter. Something on the word processing. 5 6 7 0 5 60.5 60 on the 18th.
What do we got? We got Hank coming up from a shoe. We'll stay to this afternoon too. 5 o'clock. He got Hank without downing.
6 o'clock. Talking baseball with Onybee. Philly's in a mall in Zaggung. Henry's a genius. Any? Oh yeah.
They're off to the best of our history. 12 and 80s. Talking about well, we may have to dismantle the team again and sell everybody because we can't afford them.
My score, John Henry and 10 o'clock after the game. You got to educate rhymes with GA.
See, if you're a rule when you call us program is to convince me to agree with you, then don't waste your time.
I'll listen to your opinion if you're reasonable, but if you're not going to be satisfied unless I agree with you, then off.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Yeah. Mary, at least you know, she said at one time that, you know, there's any more than kid just cameras in the house.
And, you know, playing as they do that they might have guns in the house. And Lazarus said that, well, they're going to have to come and take the kid.
Here on the front page of this morning's hero that says at least one person in the house of the Miami family had.
A security people to conceal weapons for them had been frequently seen at the home with a hand on strap that was ankle.
Federal authorities point to Mary old glass Miranda 48 and licensed private investigator, and who was also part of this team of crazy people ahead down there at the house.
Right. The channel for on bad like the little logo type thing and also L. A. C.
You know, it didn't say L. A. Return to his father. L. A. C. that L. A. K.
N. A. and that on the sun. That was as bad and they are suddenly united to held C.
And big letters. That's how most of the local TV station three to up to. I.
I. I. Same as was a real big disappointment. Jimmy. He got cut up and this.
About everything. He got like stuck right in with the rich and judges and all of them.
It was a real disappointment to see I. C.
I'm starting to get more integrity than that. But my vote for the biggest ass of the fishermen.
OK. I think you may win hands down. Thanks. OK.
But I think it's cousin votes. Yes. Still can we speak in a worse anymore?
5 6 7 0 5 60. Palm 5 60 on the 18 P wireless line.
It seems to me that there was the end. Angelo Ray of Channel 4 was mentioned in here.
K. S. Mayor County.
County mirror Alex Penda.
Pakenia who must have split as they do nothing but broadcast interviews.
He knew force was an option. So why are you so surprised? I.
Go as we'd heart.
Also I. C. Minnes according to Tom Dicken.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
I. C. Minnes.
it up. And he has the nerve to say, well, the police
spokesman, Bill Schwartz, this was also on your
national TV, the way that they were thrown crap at him
and the one guy's trying to put his head in his neck.
And they started shoving and pushing it and finding
some of the people. He says, oh, now this is the way it's
going to be written. But we down here, we know the real
story. In fact, you know, some of the people that pulled
those coupons off of him were actually cute. That was
that was his minute of mediation for that. Then about 20
minutes later, they're describing a fire on 8.30. Oh, now
there's a big fire. As far as it goes, that part of what
he said is true. There were some of the Cubans in a crowd
who pulled the other guy people away and got the Bill Schwartz
away from them. That's true. Okay. Then about 15 minutes
later, there's a fire burning on the other side of 8.30
faith. He goes, oh, no, I see a fire burning on 8.30. But we
can't assume that that was done by protesters. Now, that
could have been one of those crap houses that after Rick
Burns down. All those rush drivers, right? Okay.
Have a great day, sir. See, it might be just that he was
if you really want to know what's going on, watch CNN, watch
MSNBC, watch Fox News, do now watch the local news channels
during any kind of a situation like this, because all you're
going to get is what this guy was just describing. You know
what you're going to get? So why is it prized? Why should
anybody be shocked? The night that we were leaving on Thursday,
that I saw the channel seven news and six o'clock and say
it was on here, apologizing, making the stripping apology for
the Cuban community and about how they feel so bad because
they're always picked on like when they protest against
Los Van Van and Yadi Yadi on. I guess nobody ever told them
that this is the only county in America that's got its own
restrictive laws and the books that restricts performers for
this is why you lost the Latin Grammys, Rick. This is why
you lost the junior pan and this is why they counties the
laughing stock of America because you've got your own foreign
policy. You've got restrictive laws and the books that are
patently unconstitutional, by the way, for many people from
coming in here and performing or displaying their work or
whatever it is that they do, if they don't meet the standards
of being an uncommonist here now. But don't confuse him with
the facts and like I said, if you want to get the real story
watch CNN. Here's a mobile and pomp and a whole. Hey,
Neil, how you doing? Okay. A couple things. First of all, we
all know the family brought it upon themselves. Yes. Second
of all, there's two clowns who called themselves a mayor. Do
they really think the federal government cares what they
have to say? Obviously not. And I think a much important
question which most people aren't asking lawyers are, you
know, with officers of the court. And are supposed to uphold
the law and these lawyers have done nothing but encourage
their clients to ignore the law order. They should be
disbarred. They should be helping can't happen. Yeah, but
I don't understand. They would happen to anybody else, you
know, and he says, our last organ, Zalazza is not in
legal alien and he doesn't have to respond to what the
IMS tells him he doesn't have to obey them. I hate to make
a loose your Mr. the allose news, but the fact is you do
lose. The fact is that they were given temporary custody of
the boy. The IMS had jurisdiction over that. Of course, he
had a complaint with what the IMS told, but as it's been
consistent with this whole deal from the beginning, they
just make it up as they go along. They make up the law, they
make up the stories, they lie, they twist. And if anybody
doesn't believe that this kid was being brainwashed and
poisoned against his father, every day that he was in that
house, just take a look at the historic with a phone call.
Even after the father got to this country and was up there in
Maryland, 30 times he tried to call and because of course,
now they can afford to have color, color ID and color
waiting in the big screen TV in there with all their
hammers, because they had color ID, they could see who was
calling. And so about 27 or 8 of those 30 times they so was
calling to pick up the phone and slammed it down. And a
couple of times that they did along the speak to the kid, they
were monitoring as closely as possible, coaching and
standing in a background and every time, just as when it
calls from Cuba, I'd come and cut the call short, which is
why they were terrified to let this kid out of their absolute
grasp and control and brainwashing process. And if anybody
doesn't understand that, it's in the crux of their
hysteria of getting to him as quickly as possible after he
was seen from that home, then you're missing the whole story.
He's their tool, they have to manipulate him, just like
the Abuela said, we want to manipulate that tool.
Wonder Betty checked. See if it's clear, 10 past 11 at 560 Qion.
If you're looking for the best night sleep available, then
go no further than your telephone. Just take a
look at your incident right now and call dial address. They
can deliver you a great new mattress today, usually within just a
couple hours after you make the order. Saga mattress, wave it
goodbye, lumpy mattress, audio, you're backing yourself a
big favor, call dial address, speak to a train vet and consult
my vote order. My last couple mattresses for these people
and you'll be pleased to your business with them because
first of all, they say they up to 60% off you work when you
pay for the same visiting department or vetting store.
Secondly, they knock down into a couple hours after you make
the call. And thirdly, you're completely guaranteed. If you
don't have a 100% happy when the driver delivers the
mattress, just tell them they take it back with no questions
asked. So pick up your phone and call 1-800-MATRUS-MATT-E-R-E-S.
And you can pick from the top names in the business like
Sura and Sydney and Simmons and still save up to 60% off what
you pay in the department stores. And you imagine the
emergency when you call. You know, knock another 50 bucks off
when you buy a new premium mattress. Call right now, you'll
be slid in comfort tonight. Call 1-800-MATT-E-R-E-S. Leave
off the last S because it stands for seizure.
This is 560-CWL. Okay, let's continue. You're thinking about
getting a new car. Of course, you're not just thinking.
Call number 1-800-MATT-E-S. The car's the definitely leaves
the ballpark. The Marlins and Villiers wrap up their
series tonight at Pro Player Stadia.
Joe Angel's Aval Braia and John Shombie call it for you.
Marlins are discharged at 630 on Sports Radio 560-CWL-E-S.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than
Neil Rogers. Both John Paul has apologized for past
transgressions of the church. Hey, we messed up. I'm sorry.
No hard feelings. And those apology spots so good.
Hope John Paul is taking them on tour to the Vatican's first ever
apology tour 2000. First of all, I apologize to everyone who
stood behind me at the movies. Next time, I don't want the big head.
The apology tour 2000. Here's your chance to hear
Pope John Paul this second as you've never heard him before.
Oh, yes, a nice little apologize for the whole fish on Friday day.
I think if I had to eat one more fish, I was gonna puke.
The apology tour 2000. Let's the Pope get it all off his chest.
And I talked to God by the way. He's telling me to say
he saw it for some stuff. He says, the buddy Clay.
Who's my best?
And he's got no excuse for the best thing boys.
That was big time. The Pope John Paul apology to
which 2000 you'll be sorry if you miss it. Oh, yes.
I'm sorry. Hey, only box with a pool of eight minimum to get
into tonight.
It's 11.32.5.6. You got to hear I can wait to
Leo the Capitol interviews the Pope on. It's going to be big.
Here's the bar to far to West Palm. This is on top of
all these things that happened on Saturday. It was Earth Day.
And they decided to give the earth a break from all
the pollution and crap and put them here in the water.
But in Miami, we're watching people burning tires and
dumping trash. It's said when sitting at on fire and
putting the air. Nice going here.
Oh, Miami.
As usual.
Here's a mobile in summarize. Hello.
You're high. Good morning. I'm a couple quick, quick point.
Yes, sir. One is the Cuban community down there.
Miami opportunity to disprove what everybody thinks about them.
And they blew it. They did exactly what everybody expected them to do.
Well, when you want to say the Cuban community, how many people
route to the exile? I mean, yeah, on there.
But how many of them are there? 30,000, 50,000?
20,000? It doesn't seem that there's that many, but,
yeah. You know, you have people outside of day going,
well, you see, that's exactly what, you know,
I mean, of course, because they're the ones who are always visible.
George says he believes they're only really behind, but I think he's,
you know, a little bit of power.
Maybe he's a little bit of a lot of the community leaders and the,
I mean, that's not what a lot of this can be.
And the exile and not the exile, the increment too.
Yeah.
The second thing is, you know, they don't, what they don't
realize is the laws of this country aren't subjective that they're
good as long as they don't apply to them.
You know, that's the way they do it.
They make it up as they go along.
Right. Right. And it's funny how they're
going to do all these things and the negotiations now,
after the fact, but for six months, they've done nothing.
In addition to which all along they've been saying from the beginning,
we want, Aliah, he deserves to have his right day in court.
That's what their lawyers have been saying and all these politicians.
He deserves to have his day in court.
We don't want him to go back to Cuba until he has his day in court.
Well, now he's been here and he's going to have his day in court.
The father is going nowhere.
He's going to have to say, I'm not going anywhere.
He's staying here until a hell freeze is over.
If it takes that long, if for all the appeals to be heard,
if asked of all the Supreme Court, now why should there be any,
any unhappyness now?
And the only card that they have to play now is the lucky thing,
the AP photographer knocked on the side door
and the mother opened the door and let him in.
And he just by the blankets of luck happened to be there
to snap that photograph, that's the only ace card
that they got left at all.
Yeah, maybe they got to get off the gravy train now.
No, that's what they're up for.
That's what he's up for.
What do you think the fisherman is crying about?
Well, I think because he had to come out of the closet on,
on, you know, on national or something.
Maybe they caught him.
Maybe they caught him in the closet.
That might have been an okay, have a way.
They said there was a fisherman in a closet.
That's a poor question today on our internet
on our website neo-waggers.com,
which is the biggest asshole, Lazarovenzollas.
Maybe I shouldn't have used the word asshole
because Lazarov to me is more like a scumbag than an asshole.
You know what I'm saying?
More like a real low life scumbag.
But it's nevertheless, that's the question,
biggest asshole, Lazarovenzollas,
Maris Grisius Gonzalez,
or Denado Delrimple, the fisherman,
who easily gets my vote.
He passed the other ones like they were standing still.
And that article, did I say that, I hope?
That one of the listeners passed me, yes, I did say that.
Nice going, you know, thank you.
Yeah, good.
Thanks.
They go up there to meet with Juan Miguel Gonzalez,
who at least has decent enough to give them the meeting
to thank them for saving his son.
They want to find out what kind of a man he is.
And San Ciencio, the other fisherman who was in the meeting,
says, as we entered the room within three minutes,
my cousin was crying at this man's feet saying,
no man in no country is the right to separate you from your son.
Oh, man, this is the best.
See, how come you people in the media
who want to twist and manipulate public opinions?
How come we don't have more of this kind of stuff?
How come we don't have more information
on all those desperate phone calls
the father tried to make for Maryland
and kept getting to hang up on over and over again?
Because the family wanted to do their brainwashing,
uninterrupted, unimpeded,
and continue poising the kids' mind against the father.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
I love your show.
You are the dad.
Yeah, you.
We're going to put you the mayor of Miami, too.
Sure.
Neil, do you say anything about the booths,
the scene in booths that got ripped down and then ran?
Sure.
Do you have that?
Uh-huh.
I mean, it does take because they have a
bureau in Cuba.
So naturally, commonista, commonista,
that's what they're think-dum.
That's the freedom that they're...
Right.
That's right.
And also, uh, Mayor Carlroyo,
he's a doo stag.
I can't say more bad things about the show.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Okay.
He's a good word.
And Zag is one.
Right.
Take it easy.
Okay.
5'6'7'5'60,
Tom 5'60' on the AT&T wireless line.
And what else runs with Pike,
George, besides Little Pike?
Huh?
We're talking about Ealyah.
He's a little pike.
Pike?
That's right.
There you go.
And at Janet, we owe stuff again.
Commonista in Lisbon.
I love that sign.
They had to...
Yeah, it was the same money.
Right in front of the house.
It was one of the stragglers.
They were the sign.
Commonista in Lisbon.
What does that mean?
It means I'll see you in Lisbon,
something like that.
Uh-huh.
Here's a Kajou key.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Where's that Kujou?
Uh, Kajou.
Like I said, Goldie's go.
I was trying to get carried away.
Yeah, I just got back from George's
vacation ran up in the Ash County.
Yeah.
And there was no,
in the end,
all day, all the time up there.
Oh, right.
Really nice.
Yeah, that's why I was so great in Amsterdam.
Up until Saturday, when there's our hubbub,
you know, there was a way in the background.
Yeah, yeah.
I was in running a couple of weeks ago,
and the big news there,
which I thought was it's critical,
is that they now give dogs past ports.
So they can go to the continent and come back.
And uh...
That's the bridge for you, man.
Yeah.
See, one thing about the British,
which I'm sure you've already discovered,
the men are all like real pussy
and the women are all real butch.
Right.
So it's the kind of balances that out.
Yeah, it does.
And uh...
Polo Janet Reno, no matter what she did.
Yeah, she can't win.
She can't win.
I mean, if she'd gone in there with nothing,
it wouldn't happen.
And it...
But what she did do,
all that's all wrong.
Well, we should stop shaking on that podium.
You know, she gives a rubble.
If somebody tells her that she's rattling the podium,
we can hear it.
I just stand back.
Just stand back a few inches, Janet, please.
Yeah, she would.
If she just takes some medication,
but she faces a friar,
people say, well, her brain's not working.
If she takes medication.
You got what it is?
Yeah.
Well, they're all ready to see that in a day.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
You too.
God bless us.
I'll be right back.
Oh, we can't again.
Janet, we know as God got us.
Oh!
Well, kind of, a real butch goddess.
Remember the last person they said was a goddess?
Look what happened to her.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
21 before noon at 5.60 WN,
if you want some fantastic pizza.
In fact, it's Passover,
but you don't have to pass on pizza
because you can get that great
and lots of pizza after we're famous pizza-lock.
Jeff has been making this for years.
Are we going to get some this week, by the way, George?
Like, maybe tomorrow?
That was some last week,
but I could go from where it was great.
He's got it down the path.
Yeah.
Who patted Jeff?
Who ate him?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
No longer, I can feel remember
when these purposes would make me
hmm
Ma of the
I'm not getting five.
I've been going to call you, Levi.
Amen.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 W.I.N.
This is this story that Lauren,
thank you so much.
Lauren God bless you.
I pray for you.
Send me from the sunset.
Well, headline, I know what pages was on.
Ali on Spade Carves rifts between his rescuers
about the at two fishermen.
And this thing about how Denari was sucking up
at the father's feet and crying and carrying on
his face.
You're just an exploiting, you're a deadbeat,
they're not all your piece of crap.
We're going to job.
Get a life.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I just want to know if you read the article
in the New York Times about the family history
of Yanginvalas.
No.
It's called Love in the Time of Castles.
Yeah.
And it is well-balanced, well-written.
And this family has been at political odds
since the 60s.
When a live-road sister came over here
and it's a good article, she read it.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
We're here.
Okay.
My buy.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18p wireless line
as we continue rolling along and singing the song.
Guess what?
The good news is, is that he's with daddy.
They're one of the why.
You're going to spend the other next few weeks.
River, yeah.
Well, we got a little raise while using your own cell.
Yeah.
Why?
River.
Look what a good job they did there with that piece of cord.
Now, who was that piece of cord number six?
Well, I think it was number nine.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's really piece of cord.
Middle East piece.
Another Ossie Moran was like Northern Ireland.
Same old crap.
Good old time, alleged, baby.
We hate you, you hate us.
But I'm banged by the bull.
We're going to get you first.
That's the world.
Sick.
Sick and crazy.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back to our little banana republic.
Thank you so much.
I'm just going to run down a couple of quick things if I can.
The family and everybody coming out saying that they had no idea who it was coming through
the door and everything.
Yeah, if you look at the film footage of it right before they pull up in the van, and
gootie air is in these other days, and I'm running out of the house asking the crowd to
come over.
So they obviously knew somebody was coming.
Yeah.
And you know, those big yellow letters that said, I ain't a federal agent, kind of gave
it away from me.
That's how it was, the atipaul to me.
Yeah.
In fact, there's one picture that they keep showing over and over again.
It was on the front pages.
Uh-huh.
And it seems to me that the guy is wearing a missing.
Here's a picture for the AU 15 million times.
That says border patrol like in plain English.
Yes.
One that helps you know it.
Well, they said when they came to the door, they, you know, spoke in English and in Espanol
just to be sure, but they didn't get a response either time.
Right.
And there was also Mary Cratee-Axis.
Yes.
When she was one of the funniest things I heard her say in her press conference stating,
and I don't remember the exact context of it, but that Janet Reno and Bill Clinton, when
they're talking to the camera, they're eating everyone's brains.
And CNN ran it again later in the evening and I just died laughing.
They're eating everyone's brains?
Yes.
Yeah.
And she, that's a quote that she said that, but I don't remember the exact context.
Okay.
And um, she, um, and let's thank the Lord.
He ate back in the hospital again.
You know, it's pretty miraculous after all this trauma this weekend.
She still doing okay and she still able to get on her plane.
Yeah, without too much problem.
And there was also one of the Honda dealerships around here.
I don't want to give them any plugs, but I can't believe he did it.
We're in a full page.
Norman Bremen.
Norman Bremen.
Yeah, compared to the Holocaust.
Yeah, it was ridiculous.
I'm glad you reminded me of that.
Oh!
And you know what?
I don't know what's got into you.
Maybe he's got the missing brains and something.
What kind of an ad was that?
I, the appealing to all Jews to a superdise with the pride of this poor kid and communist Castro
and Yadi.
I mean, what the hell is this man talking about?
Yeah.
And my vote?
I can't vote with Del Mato as big a time for him because I can't even give him enough credit to equal that.
Okay, I got to see you.
You're right.
It would be an insult for assholes all over the world.
You're right.
Have a great day.
See you through the old.
My blessing by.
Do you want a channel four?
No, one channel four or one.
In here?
Shoot me.
Of course not.
Uh, get him out of here.
No, I do not want channel four in here.
I don't want channel six.
I don't want channel seven.
I don't want whammy.
We already went through that.
I thought I had communicated that through Carlos, but apparently they wouldn't take her for an answer.
The answer is, you understand?
You get it?
No.
No.
No, no way.
Neat.
Okay.
God.
I want to do it.
Good.
I want to do it.
Keep those fat wire.
Are they here?
Yeah, they just walked in.
Oh, they just walked in.
Well, guess what?
The answer is still, no, you're not getting in.
Okay, you're not getting in.
I'm going into closet with little kid.
I'm not coming out.
I'm going back into closet.
You'll have to shoot your way into your channel four.
The answer is no.
I tell the angel already gets him help.
Tell that bitch to get some psychiatric help.
Okay.
She asserted five.
Well, I've told her that's seven, eight, maybe nine.
Nine's already.
Get her some help.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Man, one of these days, he's just going to lose him right on here.
That's probably what they're waiting for.
Get at least 80 or beyond each year.
Here's a lady in Dignia B.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I just want to say I watched that interview on Channel Four live with the cousin of Dignata
Darryl Pimple.
Yeah, same chance here, yeah.
Right.
They asked him, first thing they asked him, they said, what do you think of your cousin?
And he said, he's a monkey.
Right.
And then he says, he's only doing this to get a space on the camera.
He's an explorer and a monkey.
Right.
They should be in the view later.
They edited all out.
They didn't, any of the comments, they said negative about Dignata.
Really?
They said that.
I mean, like that.
When in Dignata, they bleaked it out.
Oh yeah, and they said, well, he said some negative comments, so we're not going to...
Well, why not?
In other words, this is America and you can say whatever we decide we'll put on here.
And the rest of what you say, if we don't like it, we won't put on here.
Right.
What channel was this on?
Channel Four.
Oh, Channel Four.
Oh, it's going...
It's just about...
It's about...
Uh-huh.
It was about Channel Four.
I made the right decision.
It was first that we'd provide interviews with Channel Four.
And he was just speaking his mind.
He called him a monkey and everything.
He also said the last job he remembers him having is cleaning apartments.
Uh-huh.
That's the last job he can remember him.
With his tongue.
Twilets with his tongue.
I want to go down there and wave the cube and flag upside down.
Okay, or maybe put a garbage bag at the bottom.
And that Senator Boob Smith?
Yeah.
Where did he get that egg?
I thought it came out of his ass.
It's Easter.
Have a great day.
Yeah, he's got a big one.
Let go.
In an egg too.
Senator Bob Smith.
Senator Bob Graham.
A lot of crazy senators named Bob.
Uh-huh.
They're bobbing up and down, up and down.
I think they have a word for that.
It's called a...
Job.
We've got memories of Amsterdam.
Answer.
560.560.
Ponsley.
George says I'm proud to have not ashamed to be Jewish.
What an interesting way that was to express.
Not ashamed to be Jewish.
I said you were proud.
No, I'm not.
I was taught.
Sure, I'm not.
I was told to you.
You said that I wasn't ashamed to be Jewish.
I'm not ashamed to be gay either.
Right?
And just like when I took that poll, if 95% of the audience would have said, we would like to show
that if you were straight, you think that I would go out and get me a wife?
You think that I would change?
I come on here and put on a full react.
I would do a Tom Cruise deal here on a roblo on those deals.
I didn't say that you should be.
Should have been by any of those things.
But you said I'm not ashamed to be Jewish.
I'm not ashamed to be a spirit.
But every time I open up a mouth about the difference between not being ashamed to be something and
being a professional only fairly open up my mouth is when somebody says something big at
age.
You are so uptight with your cubanist, you don't even realize it.
You don't even, you don't understand what.
You don't realize you're a Jewishess.
How often it comes up and comes out.
It came up and came out plenty last week and that was an answer to them.
Okay, mind your own business.
Well, tell me I will.
I'll tell you I will.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
New welcome back.
Yes sir.
I wanted to just chime in real quick about his sensual.
He was on there.
We're channel four to the live interview.
He actually said Bush did on the end.
Which one was this?
The cousin.
They're not his cousin.
Oh, Sam, oh, Sam's here.
Yeah.
This is all the bunch of Bush mixed, which was great.
Uh huh.
That's what I understand.
When they came back to the anchors, they had their projects to the language.
But they won't run that over and bleep that part out, which killed me.
Yeah.
Also Rick Sanchez, he was another idiot.
He said while when the INF agent was bringing little alien to the van that he was bringing
up and being dragged, I was so impressed that I was coming on.
He knew the woman was carrying him in a blanket.
Absolutely.
But I was so impressed that carbon had got a person of voice, no, it was working.
Let's say the message is saying, Rick, obviously you don't know the meaning of drag.
But usually it could taste the feet being dragged along the ground, straeping and all that.
I'll tell you from I here, he was the meaning of the word drag.
And it's got more to do with his coating that it has to do with being a young.
But I was determined that I watched and then he came back an hour later and said he was being carried.
Because what happened was when that INF agent came out with him, he was pulled behind the bush,
but she couldn't see on some channels.
And at a different angle, you can see somebody was behind the damn bush.
Yeah.
And they pulled the lady and she luckily kept alien in her head.
How many of us behind her bush?
A woman behind the bush, I'll be loud.
Yeah.
And then we're going to, uh, how go about, you know, we might have been Janet, watch out.
Okay, have a great day, Phil.
So Janet was looking behind her bush.
I wonder if she was moving so fast.
Five, six, seven.
Yeah, the woman said, it's getting to be kind of a shaky situation over here.
Open that damn van door else.
Get out of here.
Let's blow this joint.
Also her devil up the last week.
Yeah, man.
Let's blow this joint.
Oh, yeah.
Marijuana, baby.
That's what's killing America.
Gotta get those, gotta get that war against drugs going.
That's going to be a full question for tomorrow, which is the more, which is worse, which is more dangerous.
Marijuana alcohol.
We use that full question for tomorrow.
Is there any contest?
Just like the governor in the massacre on 60 minutes last night said, he said, you know, cigarettes are bad for you too.
I don't encourage anybody to smoke cigarettes.
You got to be crazy to smoke.
But is that mean we put people in jail for smoke and cigarettes?
And of course, uh, where would you do the reporting with a little bit like that?
The Indian California.
So they're putting you up for smoking in a non-smoking place?
Wait till Rudy Giuliani gets wind of that.
He likes that idea.
Rudy and his stormtroopers.
Here's a lady in Pember Pine, so.
Uh, Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah.
I just thought to say that they keep saying that they were negotiating when the I and F all of the skimms.
Yeah.
But the apparent, they, they have said that the negotiations have failed by 4 AM.
Right.
I think they were just playing chicken with Janet, you know.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, they said, that's it.
They were putting it.
That's right.
And she said, okay, you want to play that game?
We'll do it.
Exactly.
And then they realized that she wasn't going to flinch.
And they just went and said, oh, okay, okay.
And then they let's talk more.
And she said, forget it.
Right.
You know, so anyway, I also wanted to mention that I really get a bit to see my flag upside down
and being ripped and, you know, they think freedom is you can do whatever you want.
That's not what freedom is.
Yeah, freedom to them means they make up the laws they go along.
Whatever is expedient for them.
Exactly.
Well, everybody takes the right.
We'll survive.
We'll make it through, baby.
Oh, really?
The other.
We'll survive.
Wow.
This song is going to be a game.
Are we showing this?
Oh, I love her.
How about Gloria Stephon?
She's quoted in the paper.
You notice I stuck a thing over her post on this.
So it's got all the quotes from the various assholes on here.
I stuck something over her post because I'm out of eight and lunch.
I kept a suit by the way.
It was pretty bad.
Four minutes before noon at 5.60 WQM.
If you're caught, it's always right.
Thank you.
Good day.
Good day.
12.01 at 5.60 WQM.
Now, here's some interesting stuff from the Newsweek website that somebody fives to me.
It says, by Thursday, the Justice Department picked two possible times for a raid.
The early hours of Saturday morning or Monday morning, good Friday and Easter were deemed the wrong days
when they deeply religious little Havana.
Reno worried about the PR implications of seizing the child from his bed in the bed of night.
But law enforcement officials wanted to move in when the crowds outside the bungalow were small.
Reno's team also wanted surprise.
At Waco, the branch of the Vittians had known the feds were coming.
In Miami, the Justice Department also feared a violent reception.
The fire, merit, crazy ass who had been hospitalized at least eight times for a stress
had told some community relations workers that if the feds came into the house, they could be hurt.
Rumors were about snipers in the neighborhood and old Navy seals from the Cuban American community
threatening to play commando.
So if there's anybody out there after hearing that who's still criticizing that they came in armed to the teeth
and ready for whatever may have been laying away, that's the way you do it.
Hate to break the news to you.
That's the way it's done.
Period.
No questions asked.
No leaning things to chance, especially in a crazy place like Miami.
Here's a great fast.
It says, why did Cubans burn the tires in the streets?
Because the tires were useless without intertudes.
And it says, Steve Thomas and the Aradjars God, Goliath's goal.
Nice goal, Air Seren.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, let's get the vote, Alice Penga, Pakenya out and the vote for Mr. De La Portia.
Miguel De La Portia was also a idiot, but nevertheless, he's a different idiot.
You know, at least it's a message anyway.
Okay, whatever you want, sir, good luck to you.
I'm not voting.
Let me say it again.
After seeing Al Gore's performance on Larry King on whatever night that was, no way.
Absolutely, positively, no way I would vote for either one of those jackasses.
No wonder Ralph Nader's getting some support.
Ralph Nader, cross the old fart, who's still trying to fix the goddamn etsyl.
Nobody told him it's too late.
Hey, still trying to get those fan belts straight out on the 60-core ver.
It's a little late, Ralph.
They're not making them anymore, sweetheart.
Yeah.
But he means well, you know, and at least he's not one of the above.
Al Gore and George W.
You can have it both.
If you like them, they're more power to you.
Have a great life with both of them.
We wound up with 775 votes on our website.
On our poll question before we put up a new one.
You think the amount of force that was used to extract alien was appropriate or excessive?
672 said appropriate, 86.7%, excessive only 103, 13.2%.
And the last tweet on Beasley at 11.30 was 8 and a quarter.
Anybody got a quarter?
No.
Okay, let's move along here.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi, here.
I am a Hispanic.
I am not a Cuban.
And I am sick and tired of the part of population the Cuban population that comes to this country.
And once they change the country that gave them food, the country that took them when they were drowning
because no other country in the world would take them.
They just want to make their own laws.
And there was a very large part of the Hispanic population, okay, contrary to what these right wingers
not say okay that there's a grease with them yeah okay we want to come to this country
and live under your laws that's what we chose to come here when you go to when you come to my
home as a guest okay you don't tell me what to serve you correct right that's right you eat whatever
you if you like something more you eat more if you'd like it like it let me tell you can I tell
something that was a problem from the beginning and that is that in bedding over backwards I think
this is where java gonna be a bad actually in other words she allowed the family to
negotiate is if somehow they had the right to be dictating the rules and of course they didn't
have any such right especially after they be both custody you know it got to a point where
last that alongside this who with him and not money if less he's okay I do only to be
responsible okay that they have to work the IMS have to break into that home okay it got to a
point where he just got this idea ill advice by those attorneys by the way we're all those attorneys
now really good you are going to have a different attorney every day there was a new one that came
out of the world every single day right and and the thing is okay they get to a point where he
really believed it that that this country doesn't have laws you know I I was talking to the people
with telling a listen you know I've lived in this country long enough to know that things are
postponed things are done in a way where they want to talk it out but one good day it's just
I think I think they did a magnificent job I think they did a spectacular job and the only you know
they're poor Janet he just can't catch a break if award for the AP like I said before the AP
photographer slipping in the side door there in the the invisible mother letting him in and
there they were never would have been that photograph and they wouldn't have had the propaganda
to use but now they keep radishing that photograph around see it was violent it was this about
about a and a kid was traumatized he looks uh find him in right now it looks like he's doing better
in five months and another thing I want to say uh Neil is this I'm I'm an atheist okay so I
will appreciate all these people that were saying that this is little Jesus and this is a miracle
baby what does that mean the little Jesus is a confidence because he's gone back now so what does
that tell us I'll have to ask Mary how to raise it okay yeah see and that's another thing underplayed
by the local media because it's too embarrassing they don't want to tell you the real nature of these
scumbag banana boat people down there a little advantage so called Miami family with the virgin
Mary on the window and the note that Lazarus passed to assist your gene about how old Fidel was
going to use the kid as a human sacrifice and a satiria that I mean we're talking about people
are like from the stone age and what is the media refer to oh the Miami family the myelazaroy
and the Miami family like these are respectable people are they respectable people oh no they're
low-life superstitious mumbo jumbo whatever the hell you want to call it mumbo jumbo sounds good
to me that's not good I like some how about some mumbo jumbo or some mumbo jumbo sounds the better
than that crappy cup of soup god was that bad here's Hollywood hello how you doing Neil great how
many say something they did and they use excessive force when they did that they don't go and they
don't do race like that when they go in a criminal house they don't when even joe julyani fed on
or ily factor last night when the mob even joe julyani who's already julie on when they do a mob
mob thank god that the new york city police department doesn't use excessive force thank you
eight minutes after knowing it five 60 see what you are serious another one of these young
parents here some jackass and jack booted jackass on a year make some kind of a comment and right
away you're running around repeating it just like the nRA people you know just like bob smith
just like bob gram repeating the same tired old rhetoric you don't know what the hell you're talking
about and if you would watch a little more than watch that fascist rudy joe julyani on there you
would see the all the they've had a whole parade of people on their experts with the i and s and the
fbi and they've all said this is this is a standard procedure this is the way that it's done
you got it no i didn't think so just like channel four doesn't get it goodbye channel four don't
take it personally unless you want to we just don't like you okay we don't like you we like
hearing else and we like a channel four we like our friend bob soper anybody else over there we like
come on take fast they change so quickly we're not nobody else now we don't like anybody
also no we used to like our good friend john doots bag he was great he's gone how about me
yo no nine minutes after noon at five 60 doots yeah holy mackena this is joe born the voice
for the Toronto may believe that you're listening to the hockey authority kneel god new from ring go record
baby please find an agar bubble
i am going to ram down your head
when you are dead
yeah
yeah
yeah
baby
sing
sing
sing
sing
yeah
if they do
maybe he sings
sing
sing
sing
sing
sing
I got 75,000 pages of facts stuff here.
All of which is very interesting, by the way.
All of which are reinforces my opinions, which I already
expressed, and I ain't changing.
Here's our final total. By the way, we had 795 votes.
Our poll question was, do you think the amount of force you used to
extract alienation was appropriate or excessive?
Appropriate 687, that's 85 and a half percent,
excessive 118, 13 and a half percent.
And of course, people out there who would disagree with me are saying,
well, that's your audience and the alien. You know what? That's right.
That's my audience. And as much as we complain very often about
the call in audience, it goes to show that the listening audience,
we've got some people with our head screwed on straight.
Thank goodness.
Here's Evan Churra. Hello.
Yeah, hey Neil, good morning. Yes sir. Good evening.
Ah, yeah. Okay. Just some random thoughts.
Number one, all three women, Maralaces,
sister, disgusting jeans, and Janet are all childless.
So how come she's picking on Janet for not having children?
Well, she doesn't pick on sister Jean. Yeah, because boy,
you talk about suspect. Yeah, I mean she has a flock, mate.
Sister Jean ain't getting one. No, of course not.
The wow. I don't know. It's a house full of women living there,
it leaves you. Anyway, secondly, American Airlines,
why do they treat kidnappers the way they do when, you know,
they give them special treatments, let them out the back door,
et cetera, et cetera. What do we buy that?
Well, they got on...
Yeah, but you got to know that that was all arranged.
I mean, people hire up American Airlines pull roast rings.
Well, perhaps.
These people aren't just going there as the Miami family,
just on a company, you notice they had the whole entourage with them.
They're on a plane, including the fishermen, by the way,
who never disappears no matter where you look.
If you go to take a leak in that house six o'clock in the morning,
he's in the toilet, they're watching guard.
Everywhere you go is the fisherman. Yeah, well maybe he and Maralaces
should have some kids, you know? Oh God, where's what that is?
That's how interesting they have voice with pure gravel.
What a great ad campaign for forced sterilization.
Right. Sanchez piece.
During the, about a week or so ago, during the negotiations,
there was a point when Great Craig came on and asked the press to back off.
And Sanchez is greatly marked at that point.
Well, I'm a member of the press and my comment is,
yeah, this is the biggest story of the year, like, ha ha.
Yeah, like I'll show you, yeah. Yeah, that was another good Sanchez.
In addition to which can anybody tell me including Rick Sanchez,
why this is the biggest story of the year?
Is it just because the media decided it was such a big story?
Because I can't think of any other reason why.
They say it is. Oh, yeah, that's a good point.
Okay, have a great day. Thank you.
See you. They say it is, so it must be so, right?
Like I tell you, you people when you're on brain out there
who like to do a little bit of your own thinking,
just because the media tells you this is important,
because they keep banging on it and banging on it and yanking on it
and twisting it and pulling it, that does make it important.
It is not important.
For us, of course, as usual, we got the crappy luck that we have to live right in the middle of it.
It's happening right in the midst of it in front of our post.
As usual, we have to be used to that by now.
Here's a lady in Halea. Hello.
Hi, Neil. This is my first time calling.
So if I found a little nervous, you'll understand.
But I agree with the previous callers about our flag being the way it's displayed upside down.
Now, these people came here for freedom.
Our flag stands for liberty and justice for all.
And I feel that if these people want to display this flag upside down,
they should be sighted for this by the local.
I think they should be sighted right away.
You're right. Yeah.
There's no reason for that.
And it's our tax dollars that are paying for this whole damn thing.
Damn right. Damn straight.
Right. That's my full sentiment.
Okay. Take two and call me in the morning.
Okay. Calm down. See you.
Bye, Mike.
She a little bit worked up a while ago.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Let's see. Here's what I have it directly from an office run the scene that Ramon Sallow Sanchez was injured
from the office who's watched band, which broke when he showed Ramon to the ground.
The video shows Ramon attempting to form his human scene clearly to find the federal marshals
there to carry out the law seen by the President of the U.S., Attorney General, etc.
and so on.
Tell the listeners the truth. He was scratched by a watch band.
Oh.
Pussy, pussy, pussy. Scratch by a watch band.
One of your people.
Oh.
And what a mind.
See, I said it before you did.
Clikator.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Five, six, eight, eight.
Wireless line. It's a big story. It's a big story. Believe us.
You believe us?
No.
Well, it's a big story.
Not that the media would have sport you understand. There's Britney, but...
Oh, I mean, I mean, I mean.
See, if you guys have concentrated a lot harder on Britney than worried about crap like this.
Like, I like all those punks out there. That's what really breaks my heart.
I can understand the beginning with all the old toothless crowd.
But all you punks out there, you 18 and 20 and 25 year old punks,
they're out there participating in this and driving around in your car,
having a party in the street and in your pants.
What is wrong with you guys?
It's a mix of...
Oh.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Stick to this Spanish. Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. I want you to know that there are some Cubans out here that think totally different.
Oh, right.
And I agree with you 100%.
This is a real show that they're doing here.
I blame Carlroyo and Penela.
Carlroyo, yes.
Those are the first jerks that are down here in Miami.
I also blame the family.
They had no right to keep that child here.
He belonged to his father.
And it's up to the father when he wants to live.
You know, they talk about democracy, great talk about freedom.
I have tried to call the Spanish radio stations.
They will not allow me to speak out.
They hang out with me. They call me a communist.
How do you like that?
You know, and then they talk about democracy.
Have you seen anybody on TV saying anything different that what they want them to say?
They do not allow it in Miami.
So why are they talking about only Cuba having no democracy and no freedom?
This is ridiculous what they're doing down here.
And I personally blame the mayor Carlroyo.
He was on the Spanish radio this morning saying that he was going to investigate the police department
because of what they're doing.
I think they're doing an excellent job.
He just looked at his wounds.
He just saw a loser because they didn't let him in on it because they knew that the minute they let him in on it,
that he would spill the beans.
That can't trust him.
That's right.
That can't trust any of them.
And the fact that I am sure there were people there, arms.
I know my Cuban people.
I know how they act.
And it's totally disgusting, but I want you to know that there are some of us that do respect this country.
Do respect the laws here.
Thanks Janet Reno and the president for doing what they did.
I only wish they would have done it earlier.
And thank you for having your show and for allowing me to speak my piece.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
566-705-60.
What happened to some of these CDs by the way, George?
Could be just my name.
I didn't take them away.
That don't impress me much.
Is not the name of that thing.
That Clinton thing that I want to flat out with the real name of it is.
Sure it is.
I couldn't find it.
You couldn't find it.
Oh my God.
Oh, that's called the address to the women or something like that.
Is it in here?
No.
That was busy last week.
There's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
You're having a great day all day.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
We miss you very much.
I know.
I wish I could say the same.
Don't take it personally.
You know, for somebody who's been watching this alien, to me, the icing on the cake would have
been once they got aliened safely in the van.
Right.
They would have gone back in from Mary and Ruth.
Your handcuffs.
Because I would have loved to have seen her come out kicking in school.
I would love to see her and let Lazarus come out in handcuffs because they both belong in jail.
And of course a lot of people in this town don't let us in.
You have to go to the hospital every two seconds because she's fainted in front of the cameras.
She didn't have to run to the hospital after they took alien, branded as airport.
And the same woman who couldn't fly because she was too emotionally distraught when they demanded that they fly the kid to Washington.
Now, all of a sudden she flew up there with no problem at all.
Wait till she comes to her senses and realize that all she did was give one to Gayle an extended vacation.
Wait till she sees where he's going to live in the most opulent area of Maryland at the moment.
Oh my God.
So beautiful and secluded.
Yeah.
And they're going to be able to go back home with those.
They're going to be able to get anywhere in there.
And maybe you know, maybe a besetter to Bob Graham and Bob Smith.
These guys think that they're going to get to me on at least inside the Gated Andrews Air Force.
What's the move over to that other compound? They're not going to get within a hundred yards here.
Forget about it.
Forget about it.
Forget about it.
Right.
The other thing I did want to say was when you're away and I try to listen to George,
but I do want to tell George, this is your audience.
And we really, really love you a lot.
And when he talks about you, especially when he says,
When he says, oh it's me, I'm an angel.
When he says, oh me, it's just something that digs in me about that.
And also you are the only one that can get away with Jewish jokes.
I'm Jewish.
You've been, whatever kind of jokes you make.
Well, I'm not even ashamed to be Jewish.
Is what I'm hearing.
Well, you know, he just doesn't get it because he's going to, I don't know.
He's like the Mary O'Lease's of all this.
It's Italian.
You know something?
Have you ever seen a tomb together?
He's not the surrogate here.
But we just really don't like it when he knocks you because this is your audience.
Well, come on out.
But knock in my ass.
And the rest of my two.
That's right.
Okay, every face with me.
All right, so just tell him that.
Don't call him in the end because we don't like it.
Okay.
All right.
Happy face off.
Good.
I see.
I didn't finish.
I was going to say that.
5, 6, the cheese is nice and you're picking on her just because she's Jewish.
There's your anti-Semitism running.
She's a woman.
That's what she just said.
She's a Jewess.
Something like that.
You don't have to be Jewish.
You enjoy a good cigar.
Of course, a lot of Jews with a lot of money.
They put a big cigar in their purse.
They sit back and put their feet up on the desk.
And they sit back and think, hey, and they're great to be Jewish.
I'm not even ashamed of it.
Wait, five plays.
It's great.
Five scores.
Or a radio, five, six, eight.
You are a Basha Huy.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, Holly?
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
This is Bill Clinton.
I'm the United Kingdom.
This is my most favorite blue women's dress.
I know a few girls who stuff that were pretty high.
But Bill is there to tell you about girls.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup.
They used to wear a band with boy bands.
Boy, they looked good.
May they wear under-match riots.
Wow.
You're breaking a space.
Wow.
You're breaking a space.
So, Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That diamond press made my-
Wow.
Wow.
You got a rainbow.
If you got a touch, now that you're a robot,
I'll bring you around.
But that won't give you one, and I'll mail out the knife.
A diamond press made my-
Wow.
I know a lot of you are waiting.
I'll bring you around with a sword.
She had a tight record, and she kept on her phone.
And after she excite, she went very remote.
She got herself so wide, but I'm not coming back.
But she still has ugly head, but I can't talk.
Wow.
You're breaking a space.
Wow.
You're breaking a space.
So, when the trip got some surgery,
that diamond press made my-
You got a rainbow.
If you got a touch, now that you're a robot,
I'll bring you around.
But that won't give you one, and I'll mail out the knife.
A diamond press made my-
Wow.
I know a lot of you are waiting.
I know a lot of you are waiting.
A big chunky girl with a purple ring.
That damn gas dress made my way.
Well, I'll stick with me to my cardinal.
I could have gone world-jameling the hottest score.
Wow.
I know a lot of you are waiting.
Wow.
I think I can tell where else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That diamond press made my-
Well, you got a rainbow.
If you got a touch, now that I'm going around.
I'll bring you around.
But that won't give you one, and I'll mail out the knife.
That love of dress made my-
Wow.
I was thinking that's for life.
I'm not going around.
Well, I tried to cut the right on her card.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin's card.
Once he gets burned, that liquor all springs to the head.
Big old ways, having had too much.
Oh, she makes a great show.
Oh, I want you to think you're something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from New York.
That diamond press made my-
Well, you got a rainbow.
Have you got a touch?
Yeah.
I'll bring you around.
I'll bring you around.
That won't give you one, and I'll mail out the knife.
My-
My-
That is my-
That is my-
Bye-bye.
If I have 16QM, here's Bob Smith holding up that egg.
It looks like he just pulled out of his-
Wow.
Anyway, some amazing stuff come over the fast machine.
Well, first of all, you know, time to lay that fascist right-wing Republican.
When on TV yesterday said there was no warrant in the case,
and that they didn't get a search warrant.
Well, guess what Joe Lockhart says.
It's factually not true.
Easily knowable if you're not trying to play politics.
And they showed the warrant.
They showed a whole stuff on TV.
If you wanted to see the truth, if you just don't want to play historical politics in Fandre,
where's the Republican Party is just obsessed with now?
Obsessed with.
Not to mention, of course, good old Democrats like Bob Graham and the Mayor of Pingo,
Puccane and a few others.
But here comes the piece to resist ons.
Here's something that I had missed.
And thanks very much for faxing this to me.
I don't- I- you can't even keep track anymore of which your articles are from but nevertheless.
It says, ironically, the lasting image of the raid,
a helmeted agent with his weapon-facing alien may exist
because Reno herself insisted during the planning of the operation
that the photographer not be obstructed according to a way
participant in the planning requested anonymity.
Top officials knew that Gonzalez family had an arrangement
with photographer Alan Diaz to let him into the house.
That's why he went to the side door and Mama Sika let him in.
Some federal officials wanted him shove the sides
so we could not snap pictures, Reno vetoed that idea.
We have nothing to hide, she said, according to that participant.
She reportedly insisted during the planning the photographer not be obstructed.
So they knew that he was in there, that he was being used by the family,
that he was a shul, and then he would take whatever photographs he could
to put it in their worst light, which he did a great job of that, by the way.
And they could have stopped that, did they stop it?
No, no.
So there you go, thank you very much because that puts the whole thing with you,
that picture in better perspective and how it came to be.
Came to pass just like that Easter Egg Bob Smith.
And it is not interesting that this big fat tobacco craft senator from New Hampshire
has got this great interest in something happening so far away from up there.
Isn't that kind of strange?
Uh-huh, yeah.
And has had from the beginning, don't you remember way back in the early days
he was down here having conversations with Aelion in Sanskrit?
Because they don't know, don't forget to party in New Hampshire.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A. F. in Mende, everything you're saying today, man, right on the market, it's great.
As usual, yes.
And the lady right before the break kind of stole a little of my thunder,
I was going to say the same thing about me.
She had also went back in there, and arrested Wazaro Mary's wife.
Oh, and he had, can you imagine that?
Can you imagine what's carrying on there would be now about that?
Well, they would deserve it though, you know.
And I got a kind of late Saturday morning, around 10, 11 o'clock.
I put my TV on.
I flipped it through the channels, and I stopped on 10, because they were,
they had the pictures on, the stuff thrown on in the streets.
And I was just so pissed, because I'm sitting there watching people
literally taking stuff thrown it in the street.
Yeah.
I mean, I think the Miami police should get the page from these TV stations
and look through the page, and arrest every one of those assholes.
There's been anything that was unlawful, like throwing stuff into the fire.
How about the one guy with a tire business that is,
who'll joint burn down and destroy it?
He's out of business, the guy's, uh, distraught.
And he says, why did they do this to me?
I'm Cuban.
What, what, what are they picking on me for?
Doesn't make any sense.
I, I'll never understand it.
Whatever group it is, you get mad and you're going to go and burn down your own neighborhood.
What sense does that make?
Amen.
And, and, and casual sitting back in Cuba just laughing his ass off.
Do, he's doing these people like somebody said before.
They're doing exactly what casual and everybody only do.
They're the only people left in the world that can make him look good.
Unbelievable.
And have a great day.
I love you, buddy.
Okay.
Oh, here's another fact about the watch band.
It says, Ramon Sanchez claims he was hit with a butt-ed in a assault rifle,
but the officer was there, said he scratched his head on the officer's watch band,
which broke.
He also claims he was not done conscious for a few minutes from the scratch of a watch band.
The video clearly shows the officers immediately outside the front doorhead,
no assault rifle in their hands.
The man is a lying whoosh.
Tell them the world of truth.
Ramon, you certainly don't need a turban to keep forced stitches closed on the side of your head.
This man is an asshole.
He's an asshole.
What it says here.
He's an asshole.
What it says with 4,522 exclamation points.
I'm sorry, I recounted.
It's 4,520.
Behind.
Exclamation points.
Thank you very much, sir.
Scratched with a watch band.
And Percy, Percy, Percy, he's got a turban on his head.
How do you like that?
A jubin with a turban on his head.
A jubin with a turban.
What a great ring that's got to it, huh?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Mobile implantation.
Going once.
Going twice.
Go on.
Well, hey, it's very time anyway.
22 to 1 at QAM.
This is 560 QAL.
One wanted to that new house he wanted and lost the pedal to your car while I had lost Vegas back.
It's a big, terrible, human's ear.
Face down in the gutter.
Stable, grab on the bar.
It's a good point for you to watch the TV.
Game pass.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Hello.
I'm Linda Tripp.
Recently, I have $30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face.
People have been asking me lately how I feel.
Well, to tell you the truth.
I feel great.
I feel like I could touch the sky.
No more dark circles underneath these beautiful ice.
People compliment me on my brand new nose.
I put my hair in pretty big ribbons and bones.
Yes.
Because I'm a sexist woman since my new surgery.
I've been told I have the judo buff or den or anti.
I'll turn my head.
You'll freak me grapes.
And then we'll burn those silly tapes.
I could still lose a little weight.
But I feel great.
It's a big, big, 1243.
Shut up, Linda.
Bitch.
Anyway, here's author from Boko Faxes and says that Brian Gubble did a good cover to the ONPS.
So I haven't mentioned that before.
I went on vacation.
That he had done in the interviews.
That he was one of the few in the media.
That was holding your feet to the fire of the family.
And even though I ordinarily can't stand Brian Gubble because he's an arrogant spook.
He is.
He's a smug spook.
I dislike him intensely.
But he did a good job.
Nice going, Brian.
I'll see you again soon because I don't watch that show.
Here's a fact that you're saying, shame on the Miami District and relatives for dragging the community into their psychotic delusions.
Shame on Marcentos Basuto and other leaders of the Ezra Community for exporting early on.
Shame on the lawyers for their careless manipulations which caused great stress in the community.
Shame on the relative few that chose to cause disorder in the community by trashing the streets with themselves and burning fires.
Shame on Marit's Caharroio and Penelos for their lack of leadership by waiting till the evening to have a unified press conference to call for a calm.
Where was the community relations board?
Thank you, Jan Amino and the Justice Department.
Thank you, Doris, myzumi and the INS.
And thank you, Chief O'Brien.
And the Miami Police.
Nice job, Miami Police.
Great job.
Not a good job.
A great job.
They weren't putting up with no Schmidt.
I'll tell you that.
And just remember what Mayor Caharroio said.
Oh, this is Miami.
This is a peaceful city.
Yeah, right.
You're an asshole, Joe.
Always an asshole.
At least you're consistent.
The only one that made him look a little bit better was Maurice Furey because he was like with a...
No, no, I'm talking about the way he speaks.
Like send me a little bit like...
For where I always sound like he had about two and a half pounds of cow crap at his mouth when he talked.
Correus said like only about a pound and three quarters.
And more crooked.
Oh, I'd say at least the eye in time is more crooked.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Yeah, Neil, am I up for clarification on all this report with the...
The woman in the ear on the ear of that guy?
Yes.
The HK report is a film.
More of the films you've lost says a picture with that Cuban group leader with Cesaro in the bedroom.
Yeah.
And they didn't catch that one, but he was giving him a rim job and...
Okay, good.
I hope they had a good time.
Oh, he said Rimmer was in there?
Is that what he said?
Yeah.
He said Rimmer'd done it.
5667-0560, pound 560 on E18T.
Now, let's give a voice and pan through playoff tickets.
What do you say?
Woo!
Well, for some other year.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are we on?
It sounds like us.
Thank you, Neil. How are you doing?
Great.
Let me just tell you super quick.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a long-time listener.
I've talked to you, I think, only once before.
When I first say real quick, George did a good job in spite of what he did.
He didn't even know he was ripping me and asking for me the old man, etc.
I don't know.
He liked you.
He liked a little fat, you said.
No, no, no.
I just want to say, I'm...
Forgive me for my little nervousness.
Wait, why?
Next car, I'm in car.
What does it...
I said, forgive me for my little nervousness.
Don't say a word.
Don't say a word.
Don't keep saying that.
Okay. This is like third before.
As I live in Kendall, as you noticed.
And let me just tell you.
My wife's in the line and she's American-born.
I am an American naturalized.
I hate it when people use those hyphens.
I'm an American.
I'm an American.
And we're defending the flag.
We're flying a flag.
My neighbor is doing that as well.
And for the past couple of days it's been crazy down here.
Everybody...
Some people are using our...
Our flying their Cuban flag, which is disgusting.
And amen to everything people have said.
We want people Americans.
In fact, some Americans in our neighborhood have started flying their flags,
which I think is a good demonstration that this is still America.
All the way down to Key West.
Oh, hey, they love the flag.
I'm the flag down to Key West.
Oh, right.
That's another subject, but it gives you right.
And one super quick point, Neil.
Senator Smith came on him.
Where were all these Republicans?
Were Dialos shot in New York or the Mexicans in LA?
Were the police department killed with them with all the things?
That's right.
Where were they with all these other important things?
I mean, really significant, amazing stories were taken place.
Nobody heard anything from these bastards.
How about you, Ann?
You're in a closet with the Nado.
How about you, Ann?
I mean, Neil, he thought rage of the violence.
You know something?
Heinrich Himmler would be embarrassed by Rudy Giuliani.
That's what a Nazi he is.
Exactly.
I actually made that comparison.
It's like Hitler saying, oh, what are they doing to those Jewish people?
That's right.
I think that's a good analogy.
That's quick point.
No, no, no, no, I'm not a grum in that, though.
He doesn't have a sense of humor.
Exactly, it's hard.
I just think about Coralio.
He's just looking for an excuse to fire that police chief.
I forgot his name on me.
Oh, Brian.
Oh, Brian.
Good to see you.
This morning on TV that he was a father, so many people were arrested.
Shame on him.
Shame on him.
Because he just tried to, he said that he could fire him as he could.
That he was firing as he could.
I think that's what's great.
He, number one, he can't.
And number two, if he tries to, he'll be out.
He'll be out in the heartbeat.
Well, let's hope so.
It's Charlotte.
You want to say something, talk.
Neil, you're God.
I thank you.
You're saving me so much money in anger management therapy today.
Thanks for your help.
It wasn't for you.
I feel bad.
God bless me.
I was up to the bike I wrote to you yesterday and the number of Cuban flags flying on people's
cars was disgusting.
I nearly started crying.
It's about time that people in this city realize number one where they're living.
And number two, you can't be American one day and Cuban the next.
Well, you know, I was watching and answering them.
I was watching them on Saturday, the scene in front of the house, which they were still all there,
which I have no idea why.
But there was one placard that had a hammer and sickle on there, you know, to the fair.
Yeah, yeah.
Was there commentary about what the government had done?
And I thought to myself, well, why are they making part of the hammer and sickle that was the flag of a communist country
and the flag that they're flying right next to it is also the flag of a communist country.
Perfect point, Neil.
And how about when they kissed the flag when they got that verdict from that, from that, uh, those, uh,
those, uh, whaners?
Oh, I know.
They were kissing the American flag all over the place.
I'll never forget as long as I would this green-shooted, green toothed, old Cuban guy with glasses getting down as this.
On medical say, thank you, on medical.
They only wonder way.
That's, that's it.
There's no middle ground.
Yeah.
They wonder way it's discussing.
Well, you know something they didn't get their way and it's a great day for a miracle, a great day for a street.
Oh, go to the arena and we're going to school just because we're in school.
We're living here.
They're going to graduate.
We're moving back to the US.
Okay.
And I'm proud to be an American.
I'll be right on your tail.
Yes.
Neil, uh, Taylor Taylor in college, he wants the nodder to know his 15 minutes are up.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye, Neil.
Yeah, your 15 hours, your 15 weeks are up, then, Otto.
You jackass.
Oh, he's an asshole.
It's a tough fisherman.
You think the Virgin Mary was everywhere on the bank building on a guy named Mirak?
She's a piper compared to the Nato Del Rimple.
This guy was everywhere, every time you see him, the pictures from the plane, they're on the plane trip up there.
They're stalking this kid.
He hasn't been out of their arm for like 12 hours yet, out of their grasp.
And they're stalking, they're chasing him.
And here's the guy named fisherman is on the plane.
You think he brought his own ticket?
Oh, what a joke that is.
He couldn't buy a goddamn bus ticket to Opalaka.
The fisherman.
You mark my words.
Just remember, mark it on the calendar April 24, 2000.
I told it that this guy, he'll be in there in the miniseries.
He'll be writing his goddamn memoirs.
He'll be in a full feature-length film.
He'll probably be playing Keto Kailin.
The next OJ movie comes out.
Least Keto had enough decency to sleep while I was in a little side house.
Like not in the main dragg.
And I don't think Keto was ever in the closet.
No.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How you doing, Mia?
Great.
I'm so happy because the boy is with father.
Right.
I'm from Colombia, I'm Latin.
And I hate Miami only because the Cuban people does it.
Thank you and I love you.
Okay, I'll see you in Bogota.
Okay.
Say you are a friend's colleague, I wasn't there.
Kaili Ocho.
Five, six minutes.
I have no idea what I'm talking about now.
She was just a beautiful thing.
All you Cubans don't ever date Kali.
Don't take it personally because you know the old saying
if the food fits were it, if you were in it.
I was speaking to the food fits.
I think we had the food fighters with our crew on a plane coming back from Amsterdam yesterday.
One of them was like a dark, complex food fighter.
I said to John, I said we don't have to worry about this plane going down because as long as he's on it,
it's staying away up in the air.
Yeah, we were saving on gas and I think we were using any fuel.
Here's a lady in Coco Beach.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I love you too, Mia.
Has anybody brought out the fact and I'm sure they have, but why don't they do it more than that laser?
It has had four D.U. rise.
Now it's four, I thought it was only two.
Did you know I heard it?
I heard it.
Yeah.
And it was four D.U. rise.
So the guy, obviously, I heard it.
It'll hold a bunch of D.U.
This is what I heard.
What?
I have a great day.
Okay.
567-0560, pound 566-0 on the 18th.
The last season Coco Beach.
You remember a lot of pressure.
A lot of stress up there.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
I want to just say a couple of points here.
I'm actually well done.
First of all, I'd probably be an American today also.
I think it's about time.
I think January and hail.
This thing is great.
And I'll tap you about that.
And my question is, two questions actually.
When did this become a Democrat Republican issue?
When did it become that?
Yeah.
Because if these Republicans didn't spend any time on it.
Because no matter what genre we, don't you understand this is what the Republicans are doing since the first time Clinton was elected in 1992.
If I'm doing this for over seven years now.
And that is that every single thing that they do, they politicize it.
No matter what it is, they try to exploit it for fun in the political game.
And that's a shame.
And the other question is, and I was wondering what you're paying on this.
I think that Miguel's lawyer should finally,
it was frameworker against my anti-family.
If it comes to that.
Can you do that?
Sure. Why not?
Because they're obviously lunatic stuff.
Absolutely.
That's the best way to describe it.
These are lunatics scumbags, the lowest subhuman form of life possible.
And the idea that this kid would be better off staying with a family like this is ludicrous.
I agree with you.
And you are the man, and don't forget it.
And have a great life.
You see, I'll say it again.
If they courts this side, the kid is going to have a son who's going to stay here in the country.
Fine. If the father wants to stay with the rest of the family, that's fine too.
If not, then put this kid like a peoria somewhere with a nice middle class, upper middle class family.
Not in Miami, surrounded by a bunch of exploiters and scumbags.
Anyone, anybody out there, no matter what your opinion on a whole deal,
who thinks that this kid was better off being put on display every day,
and being exploited for all these damn hysterical political organizations in Dave County.
Forget it.
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I feel father.
I am so happy that the kid is back with his dad.
Right.
No, because what this is me off about the whole thing is that society in general doesn't respect the father's rights
as much as they respect the mother's rights to be with her kid.
No, if that had been a woman, there would have been no question
as to whether or not the kid should go back to the mother.
Right.
And also, you know, what I respect again with Mr. Gonzalez is that,
how come the kid isn't on video now?
You know, how come he's not on TV?
In fact, the only reason they came out with the additional pictures yesterday was because
Mary's crazy as came up with that concocted story about how all it was a picture was not real
and the haircut was different.
So they took some more family pictures just to counteract that propaganda issue was spreading.
But other than that, you're right.
They're finally giving the kid some breathing room, they're getting them out of the public eye.
Isn't what you need a long time ago, not to be put on display like some kind of a trophy in a museum somewhere.
Right, exactly.
Now, I have a drop for you.
You know, whenever a Haitian person calls up, you play a drop of Yaman.
Let me give you a drop that you can play for a Haitian person, which means what's happening.
Hello, talk about this.
Nabule.
Talk about this.
Nabule.
Okay.
Okay.
No, we'll get that right in there for you.
What do you say?
Yaman.
Something like that.
I think he said something about somebody sucks, is what he said.
Something.
Well, I think you may have a good point there.
So there's a lot of suckin' going on.
We have open lines somewhere.
Somewhere it is.
566-505-60.
Tom 560 on the AT&T line.
The out of town line is open.
The rest of the world is very quiet about this.
And they're probably overwhelmed by it.
I would think.
Nauseaed Advide.
Disgusted.
Estonished.
It's a 1256-560 QAM.
This is 560-QAM.
Hi, I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
I'm Mary.
So we are moving out.
When I go to.
I go to mymobu.
This is a birth room.
I'm the joy that's inside.
You can swing.
To the mama beat.
The radio's playing.
Going down the road and I'll hop to.
The search wanting.
I got to to.
The day is a day for a show like me.
Why did they go high?
They said to me.
I don't have the push-line in control when I'm moving side to side of the toilet bowl.
I never have to spray here to come down the hole and look a little like a juicy roll.
I'd wait for the left and wait for the right one to be in a thirty-two-five.
Not only are you burning calories, but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why this black guy will have to see every side of me having a fun when they swim with the pump or moving up or two.
Hey, look at me, Alex. You're in the man, but...
Hey, Alex, come on.
You're in the man's room.
He's got a person on the top.
He's doing it.
Okay, I'll get out.
Too much after one at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's one fact that says there are total of seven pictures taken by LV as the AP photographer.
During the course of the rescue mission, we only see the one of the agent with the rifle.
The others are hard to find now.
I have them all and will email them to you if you want.
Yeah, we want to.
The first picture shows Dalrymple standing at the door of the closet with the boy in his arms looking in the cameras.
If to say, we're ready.
This one shot makes it so obvious the whole thing was stayed along with the fact that Diaz was there by agreement of the Gonzalez's.
If Dalrymple was there to hide the boy who had been in the closet with the door closed,
this was done for the symbolism of the boy being taken away from the very man who pulled them out of the ocean.
The second shot shows the two agents entering the bedroom to the door which were still on the hinges.
The next few shots are the ones we're familiar with with the agent with the rifle, one of them showing the agent looking at the camera telling Diaz to back off.
The last picture is of Dalrymple handing the boy to the agent and the armed agents leaving the bedroom with the door still on the hinges.
The armed agent did not snatch him from Dalrymple.
Also, here's a two page facts from Erasmus.
Remember him?
We're sending us those great spy reports from outside the house day after day.
We all remember him.
It's a very sad fact.
I'm not going to waste my time reading it on the ear because we obviously have some disagreement here.
What says make me a bad guy or him or both, but nevertheless.
Er, what Erasmus just doesn't understand is that the majority of people who live in this town, we don't like Castro, but we're not obsessed with it and we're tired of being the whole business being used as a weapon against us.
No matter what the issue is, no matter what it has to do with whether it's the Latin Grammys or some performer wants to come here and sing, no matter what it is, it's always a weapon.
And we have to be punished because we don't share the same state of psychosis against Castro and Cuba.
We just don't give a crap.
Also, we said does it bother you with all the boy with terrified and seized from the house at gunpoint?
No, it does not.
No, it does not because the three minutes worth of sheer terror that they may have been is far outweighed, far outweighed by the potential weeks and months of more brainwashing and bulk craft that was going on every minute inside that house.
But anyway, to have a great life, Erasmus, and thanks for your fine work, but then we agreed to disagree.
Here's another fact that says you know that mayor Appinus list is called for a general strike for tomorrow.
Yes, so we are aware of that.
I forgot to mention that.
Oh, yeah, but in your case, that's the if George shows up tomorrow or not, huh?
How's that car payment coming, George?
Yeah, tomorrow the Cubans will we'll see how many Cuban show up for working. How many just stay home tomorrow?
A general work strike and then Wednesday more peaceful pro of demonstrations.
As the demonstration just keep on coming, baby.
Yeah, all the demonstrations all the time here in Dave County and Erasmus, you write a lot of us did move to Broward County and we're proud of it.
I lived in Dave County for five, six years, whatever the hell it was.
That was long enough to wise up.
You once lived in Dave County.
Oh, a year and a half ago, but that wasn't by choice. That's just where it's a lot for me.
We lived.
See, some of us, you know, I mean, the country's got a lot of problems and I'm a reviled by many of the things that go on in America,
but nevertheless, if we're going to claim to be Americans, at least you had to live in a country which Dave County is not the resume.
So I hate to break the news to you, but it is not. It's a banana republic.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi. Yes, sir.
Well, I want to congratulate the in a three no herb season.
Want to congratulate the federal agents on our fantastic swift job of clean nobody hurt.
Right.
And we've got in that famous picture that has been circulated around the world with the agent holding the weapon, etc.
Right.
And they should serve a knowledge.
All of those want to break the law that this is what they're going to face.
That's all the comments I have for today.
Okay. Thanks.
Yeah, they were breaking the law.
Okay, they were holding him hostage.
He was being kidnapped at that point.
He wasn't there is to keep until he decided to turn him over.
Don't you understand that it wasn't their decision to make.
And when you decide that you're going to go ahead and you would do an operation like that,
you don't do it half fast, half way and then open up the possibility that there's going to be some kind of a nightmare
that you're not prepared to deal with.
They were prepared for all possibilities and that was great.
And they let everybody know that they were prepared.
And like I've said over and over again, that's the way that these things are carried out.
I'm written for votes so far in today's poll, which will be following as the biggest asshole.
And it's pretty, the other dollar in poll, the fishermen of course, he's 54.
He's got 52 percent.
But Maris crazy as he's right on his ass with 40 or 38.4 percent.
Lazarus only got 10.
I could have kind of figured that only 9.5 percent.
Because like I said earlier, he's not even more like a scumbag.
Huh?
Yeah, he's just a useless scumbag as opposed to just being an asshole.
An asshole.
Last trade of easily, by the way, eight and one eighth.
Oh boy, not looking too good.
Is it looking good?
No, no.
Not too great.
Eight and one eighth, that means it's almost half of the 1550 that these people were given the opportunity to buy it at on that
the faithful day back on the 11th of February.
Remember that day?
What, thankfully I was on a previous vacation.
I remember that that short hair guy.
What was his name?
Greg Gasson.
I don't understand it right in here, but a couple months before this big deal came down the IP and given me a song of dance.
But oh, it's going to all open around 15.
But we're confident it's going to up to 30 or 35 right away.
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Did it go up to no.
No, it's in the toilet.
A lot of people around here are lost money.
They're never going to see again.
Never going to see it again.
Me like if somebody told you to invest in that ass jeans thing and brought it at 119 bucks a year and it weighed about a 29.
Can you imagine some broker tells you to buy stock and buy you to invest this stock at 119 bucks a year and it's worth 20.
Be I.
Oh boy.
I don't want to beat him over the head.
A.
I have times with a baseball bat.
Same broker by the way, Susan, all of my money very rapidly.
Here's a lady mobile in the poor lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
My sentence exactly what you were saying before I'm a parent and if my children were being held hostage kidnapped I would want whatever it takes to get my children back.
That's right.
I am so glad that this little boy has been reunited with his father and I wish them all the best.
I hope that I'm so sent at the women, Martin, Martin, Placias that she holds these ridiculous press conferences and that the museum you just filled all out.
They keep they keep they keep dignifying her by putting her on her no matter how ludicrous the comments are that she's making like her
search yesterday that the photograph was doctored and about the haircut and all this other crazy stuff.
You know people have been they've been Baker acted and put in straight packets and dragged away for less than what she's done.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
I mean, she's certifiable.
She used to be Baker acted and if the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals after that to spray yesterday.
Could even consider placing that boy back within.
Yes.
There's something on and then just one thought to leave you with I think that little baby Yoni here's really cute.
You think maybe we could keep him?
Maybe Marisca crazy as to make a deal.
There you go.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye. Maybe she get a new puppy.
What do you say?
That's like Michael Jackson when he had the champion on he get tired from the second little bit older just like the little kids when he give a little bit older.
He get tired of one of new champ.
You got a little bit tired of doubles.
Nine minutes after he's picking up Mr.
Nine minutes after one at five sixty.
That's when you QAM Seminole Indian casino of Hollywood is a place you can go and get away from the word.
That's right.
If you just saturated with this crap and you just can't stand one more mention of that word.
Then get in the car and go over anytime you like a Seminole Indian casino because you can win a lot of money there.
Maybe two three four hundred grand like a lot of other people have done and you can do it all in one big shot or maybe just a little here a little bit there and you no matter what you'll have a great time.
Four daily sessions of high stakes bingo.
Forty eight one o'clock poker tables.
There's lightning bingo.
They have several weekly poker tournaments all through the day.
Daily mini tournaments with various buy-ins, revise and nearly a thousand gaming machines where you can punch your lungs at your heart's content.
Twenty four hours a day, seven days a week even on pay-soft even on Easter Sunday even in the middle of this crisis.
Seminole Indian casino on a corner sterling in four forty one just a couple of quick minutes west of the steering road exit of I-95.
Acres on the door and yesterday at the news conference.
One of the reporters asked her you know why do you why do you feel that this is your son and she said I never said that he was my son.
But the morning that they waited their house.
He stood out in front of all those people and said when they came in it took my kid my kid.
Yeah her puppy does.
Exactly.
Also the media I'm sorry down here is totally biased.
Yeah.
Don't watch channel seven.
Channel seven was the only station that found someone to say that the photograph was fake.
Oh.
I mean seriously they do take people and put them in rubber rooms for less than that.
Right exactly.
And the final thing I have to say why is it when any other race goes out into the streets is riding and when the Cuban Americans go on to the stage.
Is a civil disobedience that's right.
Yeah civil disobedience.
Well you folks need to lighten up a little bit.
Have a great day sweetheart.
All right.
Bye bye.
Yes you have the thing about the picture that it's just so ludicrous basically what what they're saying is all no there's no way that he could have been smiling with his father like that.
Because his father's abusive as father's a bad guy.
He stole two or three freight trains that we know of and yada yada and therefore there's no way especially after all the months of intensive brainwashing we did.
How could he be smiling with that evil father of his that's really what they were she was saying.
Had to be doctored he couldn't really be happy there and then after they showed the other pictures yesterday they come out and say oh well we're glad to see that he's looking good and he's happy.
But if that's the case and everything's going on so well then there's no reason why we shouldn't be let in there.
And now that she was on the other foot here's a father that waited for four months to see his child who was here for almost three weeks after being promised that he would be able to see him right away and have him in his custody.
At least while he was here in this country and the appeal for being heard and waited and waited and waited and waited and was constantly being told oh well if you want him you have to come and get him yourself and walk through this crowd of crazy people to which he said no I want to see him bad and I want to back in my arms badly but I'm not that crazy because their dead daddy won't do very much good.
Now that she was on the other foot and all the Bob Smiths and all the Bob Grahams of the world can't force their way in there to get them to see this kid.
They want to see him as he's still alive as he's still breathing does he have horns growing out of his head as he'd been impaled at the door as a cast as a Castro Santa Maria sacrifice is leisure or we're so concerned about.
Let me say it again is there anybody in the local media here that's got the hoots book out the balls to really talk about that note that he slips a sister gene which to change their opinion by the way that crazy old bitch.
No nobody wants to talk about that because that would make them look just like the 10th world banana boat people that they really are.
Here's Hollywood hello.
You'll bank doc.
I watch.
Thank you.
Like who got right.
Yeah whatever that means 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Now what what does that mean?
New Mexico is in the state or is that like a the whole state's card.
Oh here's no Mexico somewhere hello.
Hey near the hell is going on.
Yes sir.
It's the airport guy remember me out of the station in Germany the past four years right.
Just kind of comment a couple things.
Oh I'm stationed back in the next last year the call.
So you're governor on the 60 minutes last night.
Good guys talking about legalizing marijuana.
I was just talking to George about that up the air but like we both agreed he's against the wall by himself.
He's not going to do anything.
No but for us let me talk about this early on thing.
I'm I'm Hispanic not Cuban but I am married to a Cuban.
Oh boy.
My what might not let me take that back my mother-in-law.
Okay I had to explain to the shoes up in arms telling me why the hell do these guys going there with guns and stuff.
And I had to explain to this bitch because I'm a cop in the airport right.
And I had to explain to any standard situation like that of a cop North horse and going into a house.
And it's been shown that they are hostile in some way.
How first of all going to go on with guns.
Right.
And they're all and they're already had been some not so availed threats made that if they were going to come in here somebody was going to get hurt.
Exactly.
Exactly.
That's my first point.
My second point she asked me okay if that's the case why are the hell was that gun in the kid's face.
I told her that anytime a law enforcement official is carrying a rifle the rifle was going to follow his eyes.
That's where the extent that the rifle becomes an extension of his arm and his eyes.
So wherever his eyes go and his gun goes and they just so happen to be looking at the kids and that's where it goes.
With his finger far from the trigger by the way.
Right.
So I told her basically to go smirk off you know what I mean.
Good for you.
So in closing we eat some helpful towel next year.
How are they doing are they still have a team or what?
This is a panther.
Have a great day pal.
Thank you.
How those panthers do I?
No comment.
No comment.
A shameless and gutless performance from everything that I can determine but nevertheless.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
5 60 on the 18 T line out of townlines go open now that we had our call from New Mexico for the day.
8 7 7 what's wrong with that there's nothing wrong with a good call from New Mexico from a guy with safety in Germany who gets around.
He's not a here nice going sir.
8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45 we got Hank coming up from a true list 8 2 at 2 o'clock.
Hank with the L downing at 5 talking baseball with Donnie be it 6 any interest at all.
No Marlins are hot are you know.
Oh and it's really into Marlins pregame at 6 3 to the game in 7 o'clock at 8 K after the game at about 10.
That's our schedule we don't have our programs directly here today and we are feeling pretty good about it.
Here's 12 springs hello.
No.
Yes sir.
Hey next to you.
Janorino is God.
Yeah.
Hey by the way.
He's a god.
It's a democratic issue came up if you recall back around Christmas when who but Dan Burton brought him that puppy.
Yeah.
That's what I think started it all and everybody jumped on it.
Of course this was an election year.
Now this isn't the same Dan Burton that had the illegitimate child as it is.
I believe it is.
Oh.
The same thing that had been trying to get rid of Janet we know for the last seven or eight years now is that the same Dan Burton.
Yeah.
In the speaker of the house the old speaker of the house of Gingrich.
Yeah.
And lastly I think we got a quick playing Gloria Esteban music.
Having one?
Quick playing Gloria Esteban's music.
Perv.
You have to start playing it first before you could stop you're never going to catch me playing it.
But there are a few.
I might have a stick a ramrod down my throat for five hours and listen to one of her songs.
But now keep up the good work.
I'm in great play.
Somebody's got you have a place of you know better.
You have a place of you know better than the truth and God bless you sir.
You hear what Andy Garcia he was pretty pissed off.
He was down there with his wife and Gloria Esteban and Willie Tureno and the Taco Bell dog and all his celebrities that one day.
Just before I went on vacation we were all down there huckin' and china.
You hear what we're Vincent.
You want me to say no.
Don't ever give an order like that again.
That's what he said.
Too late.
Too late Andy.
You lose.
Here's a Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I've got a couple things to say first I like to say I'm a new time I listen and I like to say George's done a good job.
He should have a show by himself.
On the thing with me.
He could be doing a morning show I think.
Yes.
On the thing with the agent.
Well now let's get real.
What is this guy supposed to have gone in there with a beaker flowers?
You sure gonna have to do that.
That's right.
He sure gone there with an M3D with care flowers right?
Right.
And then that fisherman that me boy he saw himself off for a suit and a pair of shoes from that guy my mom.
And then we have that crazy local corrodial man.
He should resign up but not the the chief whatever his name is O'Brien.
Right.
And one thing for Ricky Sanchez.
Let me tell you that guy is a sick, sick mom of Luke.
He's a man of color.
I have a thing for him.
Check this out.
Yeah.
How's my driving?
Call Ricky Sanchez.
One in one hit and run.
You'll be thrilled.
You'll be thrilled by the way.
I got you.
Okay, that guy's still dead.
Okay, I have a great thing.
He's just all wound up.
The guy hitting in front of the stadium rich Sanchez.
He's still dead.
Last time I heard him.
Just check yesterday, he's still dead.
Okay, damn it.
567, we hate your rich Sanchez.
You're disbiccable.
You're disgusting.
You're not fooling anybody.
If you want to be a professional Cuban go right ahead but don't do it during the newscast.
Okay.
Don't sit there and manipulate and try to twist and turn and rationalize and justify.
Because nobody believes you have no credibility.
Which is why you're perfectly placed in my channel 7 news rhymes with lose.
So you had a call from Brian Andrews, which also rhymes with those things while I was away.
And this is on the air.
Yeah, on the air.
And he said he had heard that I ripped him on air, which of course all contraire.
I had just said wonderful things that he refused to be manipulated.
At least on the air anyway.
He might be manipulated off the air, but that's another story.
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth?
Why?
As they continue trying to slide and twist, I love Channel 4's got another thing they do.
The possible return to Bailey on to the Communist island.
It's never, it doesn't have a name, the Communist island.
Are you fooling anybody over there?
No.
No, you're just pandering shamelessly.
And it's not working by the way.
It's not working too good.
26th after 1 at 5.60 WQM, you may have noticed that the weather's getting hotter.
Which means you want to run and lose some weight.
Get into a bathing suit this year for the government.
We're not talking about women coming.
This Christmas from bogus industries.
It's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez for games.
It's a real life action adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board.
Start begins at Confession Stone A of New Hollywood, India.
Where each concept has to drink itself to oblivion.
Or get the highest blood out the whole level first.
Those onto level maybe two.
So it runs down to the pedestrian and the all-ass-homes section of the game.
They see a four game police battle and it's clear I'm coming up with a different one.
To go home and get his license.
There is also the final leg of the board game.
Higher in attorney.
Kill that court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence win.
It's ours who's fun for the whole family.
The I can drive like Rick Sanchez for games.
Okay, here's a fact.
Since all the comments that need to be made have been made.
However, with regards to the media reporting, I found channels tend to be the least wise.
Channel 7N, in particular, Rick.
I'm Cuban, you know Sanchez is absolutely the worst.
Sadly, channel 6 and Tony Cicareto is a very close second.
We're coming to the pandering to this mill as a mob.
Channel 4, all we can say is.
Boy!
Also amazing when you study the Herald and Sun sentinel papers in their slant.
And today's a herald, an article pits date against Broward.
And let me say it again if you missed the beginning of the show.
You only subscribe to one of the two papers or maybe you don't have any first to wrap a note at either one.
Just look at yesterday's newspaper's front page of the front section.
Here's the Sun sentinel where the hell is it?
Like I said, here it is.
Dad and alien be united.
Now they do have the secret that the I and S woman with the kid in the arms bringing them out of the house.
But then in the upper right hand corner, the other picture with the father with the kid on the shoulder smiling.
Dad and alien be united.
That's their spin on it.
That's the main story.
The Herald in huge letters, sees.
And they do have a small picture in the upper right hand corner of the father with the kid.
But the raid returns alien to father.
And of course, taking up almost half of the front page is the picture, the infamous AP picture.
There's the aborder patrol guy with a gun pointed in the general direction.
And there's the idiot in the closet with little kid in his arms.
The ever-present idiot, right?
Idiota in a closet.
And there of course is a screaming hysterical, mirace crazy as underneath just a for good measure on a Herald.
Yeah, you're right, Tom Feeder.
You really have drawn a fine line, baby.
I really know how to do it.
Not.
I wonder how much the Greece and the El Newhart there in the USA today has always written stuff about how a Herald is the most improved paper in the country and how great they've come back.
I mean, they must be a Shmere him with something, which often Easter eggs or something.
Here's a fact that says a dumb that owe is a house cleaning made, not a fisherman.
Yeah, why is he always holding and touching the kid it asks?
It says, now, Eliy, I'm looks happy to smile, says it all.
Castor is proud of the family.
He sure is.
He's saying, nice going.
I mean, goes.
Here's a mobile in Davie. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What?
Yeah, I'm here.
You cut out.
Okay. Welcome back.
Thank you.
One question that I have.
What was that fisherman doing in house at five o'clock in the morning?
Oh, he hangs out there.
He's part of the entourage.
They have like a traveling show, you know, like an carnival.
He's part of the whole entourage.
He's over there.
Let me ask you a question.
Did you think he's going to have a crazy or what?
Hey, if she ain't got better taste than that, good luck to her.
That bitch.
Maybe that's why he's crying all the time.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the, of course, who the hell would do him?
Anybody?
No, he takers out.
I don't think so.
He only reminds me of, I hate to say this.
He reminds me of a younger Stan.
No.
War time.
Oh.
Oh, doesn't he?
Doesn't he look like him?
I thought you were just a major.
Oh, you're a Stan major.
Who?
Don't be 50 dollars.
Oh, that's Stan major.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I get up in the National Real Landline in Miami.
Just a couple comments, I mean, I've most been rehashed on all that.
Thank God for a janitor in the United States.
Nice going, air janitor.
Oh.
And the United States finally standing up and not pandering and not going down and so forth and so forth.
Right.
What an embarrassment.
I mean, to give him 85 million chances and the answer was always the same.
No, exactly.
I mean, you can't negotiate with those people.
Now they want to go and meet the sun.
Maybe they should be afforded a five month wake before they can.
Right, that's right.
Yeah, well, well, well, well, well, look at our appointment calendar.
We'll give you a date.
Exactly.
Why some time in late August might be good.
That, that, that fisherman, he's our version of Kato Kaelin.
It's unbelievable that, that, that man is there.
He's like your visa card.
He is everywhere you want to be.
And, and why, why does the media keep interviewing this guy?
Every time he's here in the body, he's having another press conference.
Like yesterday, he's on there.
I thought they were, he was going to bust a gut.
That, that, that girl, the cousin, she says the janitor, he doesn't know what it's like to be a mother.
Nor does she.
She's never had children over her own.
Oh, but she's a surrogate mama.
She is a mama.
Believe me, if you've watched her actions these last few months, she's a mother.
I think most would agree, she's a real mother.
I agree.
But if I only have a word in her case.
My predictions are that these people are going to make a lot of money.
Yeah.
Off of this, it's not books, including the fisherman.
And this young lady, not to be sarcastic or funny or anything like that,
she may one day pose in playboy.
You never know.
What a grotesque thought.
But that is the case.
These people are going to get rich off of this.
That's the day county expense of over a million dollars.
That's correct.
In police salaries, the police did a fine job in keeping these people in control.
And what a shame, though, that 35 blocks, as I think what they reported made it sound like
all day county was on fire, the media the way that they like, you know, portrayed and so forth.
That makes a total.
The few tires and a dumpster burning in the middle of that one intersection, 27th and a flyward.
And they acted like the whole city was on fire.
You're right.
You're not kidding.
And thanks, Neil, for letting us be a voice, at least, you know, for some of us to be heard.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
5.6705 60.
We're getting a lot of good calls today.
People are living in the breathing and thinking callers.
I'm very distressed over your résumuses to page facts there because it kind of comes out of a closet as a professional treatment,
which I just don't know what to say.
People who don't have, who can't relate to the rest of us who just refuse to be obsessed with these things.
Any more than I'm obsessed with Israel or obsessed with anything else.
If you've got a personal obsession about something fine, but maybe not so fine, maybe gets some help,
or maybe just get a life.
But don't try to force everybody else to share it.
Don't try to impose it on everybody else.
I'm not going to go on the whole soapbox thing.
It's been said.
I've said it a billion times in the last 20 years.
I don't see anything going to change.
As long as you've got all these guys in grandstanding, and there's so many of them between the attorneys and the leaders,
and these self-appointed leaders of all these organizations, and you can't even keep track anymore.
It was the attorney who's your, the leader who's your every day.
And then of course the crazy guy with a watch band scratch on his head in the turban.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hi, and how are you doing?
Great. Welcome back.
Yes, sir.
You had a facts from a gentleman who said something about additional pictures, which were not published.
Right.
Okay, last night CNN News Stand showed them real quickly.
And the fisherman, when he came out to the news conference, said, how that gentleman in the guard,
you know, the police officer tore the kid from his hands, totally untrue.
The sequence of pictures that was shown last night.
The officer put his gun down.
The fisherman took the kid and handed the kid to the INS agent, the female agent.
The other guy, the other police officer, never tore the kid.
The other police were never even touched the kid.
Right.
So you came out and saying, I was torn out of his hands, let the Cuban community know he's a traitor to the Cuban community.
And he gave the kid to the woman, free and clear.
And the gun was down already at that point.
So he lied through his teeth at the news conference.
Well, just like the fact says, if that whole thing with the photo opportunity was orchestra,
he wouldn't have been in a closet with a door open.
He would have been in a closet with a door closed. He would have been hiding.
That's right, but the point is, let everybody know.
And the hero refuses to publish the sequence of pictures, where the gun was immediately put down.
The female officer came into the room and darreled the fisherman, went out and handed the kid with both hands to the female officer.
Nothing was dragged out of his hands whatsoever.
And that was shown last night on CNN News Stand, the entire nation to see.
So darreled nothing but a big blire, like Mary Lace's.
Okay, thanks. And then I will, too.
What? Well, I mean, D'Nato D'Alrympel. What kind of a name is that?
Are you starting with a guy named D'Ago's again?
You're forgetting where we get most of our free food from, Mr. D'Alry.
Oh, wow. Yeah, you better be confused.
Hostile Falcone was just in here, too, with the free pizzas for you.
Oh, I love our Italian friends. Yeah.
Speaking of that, by the way, Doris and Tadgin markets has got five great locations that you'll love shopping at, just like I do.
That's right. I love my Italian friends.
Sunrise, plantation, Hollywood, cross-springs, and Westpoken.
In fact, just like they said in Godfather, too, the Italian people are wonderful people.
Remember that, Senator? Here's my offer, Senator. My wow, forget about that.
Anyway, you're going to love shopping at Doris markets. I am here in the broad corner.
I got to get out of this game. If it's the last thing I ever do, Kurt.
I got to get out of this game. I used to be a star.
I'm talking TV and movies, DJ Hooker, emergency 911.
You like Star Trek, right? Scotty, feed me up on this nightmare gig.
I don't admit it. I got the call from my agent about this appliesline.com thing.
One thing's worth going to. No wait, things weren't going at all.
So he says, Bill, you want to do a few commercials?
They'll pay you a ton of money. So I said, sure. It went so well. They said, hey Bill, you want to do it on TV?
I said, no, I signed. I'm back on TV, baby. I'm going to be a star again.
I'll be big. Really big. And then I realized all the TV sponsors making fun of that really awful album I made back in the 60s.
I'm a parody of my stealth. I want out. But my agent says, I already signed the contract.
You're stuck. He says, I got to get out of this gig.
Girl, all of a better life. Goodbye, doo. Thank you.
It's a 144 or 560 W. By the way, his wife, it's still dead.
Here's the latest on our poll today. Our question, who is the biggest asshole of this bunch?
Denon or Delrim, or the fisherman is still just barely in the lead. This is going to be a tough battle.
I told you, 104 votes, 45.8%. But right on his ass, Brett Dome is Maris Crazy,
X-Gem Zalas with 101 only three votes in the behind, 44.4%. And way, way in the future.
It is Lazaro with only 22 votes, 9.6%. So it's between Denon, the fisherman, and Maris Crazy as.
Nekoneck knows to knows. And God don't know what else. Although I have a fax here, it's his uh-uh.
And anyway, Laz to deeply create 8 and 1-8, or pretty weak. Also the Anazdak is in the toilet,
even the Dow is too negative now. And it's the people continue losing our money for us like it's going on the style.
They can't print it fast enough. Well, I see nobody's doing Maris Crazy as Lazaro said.
So Eric has got that on the thing here. Also asked George about these in your,
is in your reach a thing that happened on the news last week? Somebody referred to her as in your
and Lazaro jumped in and had to correct them because then your implies married or at least not a virgin.
So he said, even though it was in your reach, she's pure. He actually said that or words to that effect.
So maybe it was her on the mirror and not the Virgin Mary. Maybe it was a different virgin.
You think that might be it? Uh-huh. Yeah, she's a virgin, right?
I guess that we already had that one poll. If you do it in the recto, then you're still a virgin. So I guess so.
How many of the women have supported the alien remaining with the Mimey relatives would be willing to turn mother children over to be raised by this family of lackoses and other facts here?
I don't think too many. Diane and Kyragosism having a hard time deciding who the biggest asshole was the most unbalanced one.
So I'll register half of all each for the not only Maris Crazy. I say, she's got her right.
Also, here's an interesting fact. It says I wonder who'll be paying for date County employees and Mimey's city employees to be off work tomorrow.
Will they be doctor days pay? How do you like that?
I think part of mine's one and oh.
Will the taxpayers be paying for people to hang out and have a day of protest?
New words as for Maris Lazias, child. As in I've been caring for this child for a negotiate.
I said that like three times bloodsheds eat brains.
Now maybe she's got that confused with Smith for brains, which is what she's got and then change as in somebody's stealing the change and an ate the fisherman.
Okay, let's do Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Okay. I just been having a good time listening to this stuff.
You did a great job this morning on your monologue. I wish that was on tape. I know everybody. You're always great.
Oh, great that we have CNN International. So I didn't miss a thing over there in Amsterdam and being six hours ahead.
I had the leg up so to speak on everybody else.
I got to just a few things here. I just want to let you know that my facts was running hot today with my resume is going out anywhere but here.
Right. Can't blame you for that.
But I didn't. I watched. I've been watching this from the get go.
But on Friday night they were still talking and Saturday morning I left early and when I was eating breakfast up in Lauderdale somebody said they got the kid and I thought they were pulling my leg.
No, no, no, they went in and got the kid. So anyway, I stayed busy the whole day. I got back and watched the 10 o'clock news or whatever.
And I was I was just amazed at everything and I just want to make a few comments and that is as far as that gun goes that gun in that picture is not even pointed at them.
It's pointed to the side right and the guy has his hand not on the trigger but outside the trigger guard right and you had made mention about earlier today and stuff.
And the fisherman I about died when I saw that the fisherman was at the house at like 4 30 or 5 in the morning.
Right. He's just never goes away. He's always there. He was on the plane when they went when they slept up there to trace after the kid on the plane to Washington. There he was right next to Lazarus.
And then I'm thinking that okay, maybe this thing's over then they say no the family is going up there. They've had that kid for four or five months. The father's out for two hours. Right.
And they're already on their way up there. They want to see the kid. No way. They shouldn't let them see that kid for like somebody else or like four or five months. Yeah. Yeah. Equal time I say. If you feel about it, if you're pure thing drags on that long, I say a four or five months.
Sounds very reasonable. Oh, man. I tell you. I just and then when I saw the whatever the guy's name is with the Democrat, you know, I about died.
I mean, I'm not really for this violence, but I am so sick of them getting their way. And one thing Cubans do not understand most of them is the word no.
This is a decision. Let me ask you what kind of an injury would you have to sustain even even if he did get the butt of a rifle in the head?
What kind of an injury would you have to have to have your whole head surrounded with a turban like he was going to become a mummy or something? Well, what is that? I don't know. I could say I.
It just seemed like that finally the governments did what they should have done. And that was like you said, that's the only way they could do it.
They can't wait till there's a thousand people there. They have to do it where you get in you get out. Nobody got hurt. Even the police guy from the city of Miami even said that it was a good operation because nobody got hurt. It was in. It was out.
You're not going to sit there and have a debate with those people at that time. Right. Right.
You do a fast and forceful and three minutes and goodbye. And that was the end of it. It was beautiful. You could say, would you please give me the kit?
Well, how about if I wait five minutes, would you give them to me then you just say you're in there for you get them. You go everybody.
And you see these these apologies for the family who are saying, wow, you know, we expect to see this in common as Cuba.
I guarantee in common as Cuba, there wouldn't have been any AP photographer allowed to be in the house. And then he wouldn't have been allowed to stop the pictures.
And whoever would have been the position of authority wouldn't have said, don't interfere with the photographer and will wills.
Exactly. Because you can tell that photographer obviously is what a photo or two or three away from the. Right.
From that they could have snatched the camera from the guy and busted it. They could have filmed the Jan and Jan.
They wanted that. I love your head. I love your head. It's the story earlier. But Jan or we know give him specific orders. Don't interfere with the photographer.
But I'm saying it wasn't like it was, you know, they they wanted to have gotten the film. It wasn't like, oh, they did a poor job. They forgot to get it.
They said they just let them have it. That's right. Anyway, you're doing a great job. I wish that I was as articulate as you are.
I hope someday maybe you'll did this, you know, that you'll kind of speak up about this kind of stuff, you know, hopefully even further.
I mean, like I say down here, it's it's such a monopoly of the Spanish and not all of them see it the way that that consensus group does.
But I'll say it's miserable for those that are not parties in any of that stuff down. I know I've lived it a long time. Have a great day.
Thank you. Thank you.
It's 151 and 560 W.
Your station for all South Florida sports is
for radio 560 UAM.
If you're taking your vacation in the Middle East this summer, you'll miss the new and raining in the amusement park.
Six turbines over Terra. At six turbines. You can go on a full scale. You're raccats.
Stop it through a sky jet or ride the myotoma. The 200 mile hour roller coaster that changes directions for no apparent reason.
Test your terrorism skills on the midway. Blow up an actual bus full of people at grenade bombs.
Visit the flatulation station and whack yourself on the head 12 times or just a buck. Then tap your toes to the tunes of Third World Company music's biggest stars like Coopini Pearl.
Save your appetite for the school of Salad Rusty. Try it on a bagel. Get ready for 400-44 days of drills and kills. Visit six turbines over Terra. It'll scare us.
See I know. I know who can be one of them right now. Let's hear it for a Ramon. What do you say?
Here is the West Palm Beach. Hello.
I got a few things. The government was very meticulous. What they did. They ran and out. Boom, boom, boom.
It's funny the family is saying, hey, we didn't have any guns. They didn't know that. They heard that you guys, the governments said that they thought they had guns.
They heard there was people that said they had guns there.
They also had the security guy there who always see walking around with a gun strap that was ankle-tank.
Exactly. The government didn't know. They're going in there thinking they're going to be guns.
The other thing is also did you see the lawyer for the family that scowl on his face?
Which one? We're going to go on. Kindle coffee?
Yeah, that was the one. He had the press conference right before January. Every time he said something, he had to scowl on his face.
That was one, two. The guy from NBC went around the house. It was NBC right?
For MSNBC, he was the guy who went around the house on the tour showing all the stuff that had happened.
I don't know. There were so many of mine that I came to separate him.
But the worst was yesterday I was listening to ESPN Radio. The guy from the Harold that does the morning show on Sound Sunday.
He said, it was all bad. He said things are so bad down here. They really weren't.
He was on a phone saying they were so bad down here. Instead of being in a studio, he could have been.
He could have done that. He was on a phone saying he was bad. He went out of rancid. The government was bad.
That was grandparents cry about certain things. I'm thinking myself. I don't know if we're hearing this.
That's the same guy. When Keith Daniel Bassard is the same guy when the Marlins won the World Series in 97.
Who wrote that obnoxious article about it. I don't feel like Miami had any of the cuter on the series.
He didn't know. But the best, the ultimate, was when they showed pictures of him smiling with the father.
They asked some guy in the crowd and he said, well, his mother taught him to be like that.
He said, well, saying it's the mother. This whole thing just turned out to be a big mess with the Cubans and the government did the right thing.
Okay. Take it easy. Thanks a lot.
So Mama taught him to smile like that. I'm like, I'm command. I guess there may be the heavy brainwash.
Now maybe on the plane flying up there. They had somebody brainwashing working on him.
So was that Play Doe? Repeat.
Here's a camera. Hello.
Hey, Daniel, how are you today?
Just one quick thing. I'm not surprised by anything that some of the politicians like Diaz Bavard and Iliano Ross late in and say.
Although I wish some media person would just simply ask them one question and say, well, why are you talking bad about Clinton and Reno?
If that was your boy, wouldn't you have something nice to say about him?
And it doesn't surprise me what they're saying, but what surprises me a lot is Bob Graham.
What an asshole he is. Let me tell you something. I can't believe this guy would be doing this several years ago.
I'm of Armenian descent and Bob Doe of all people was introducing a bill in the Senate to recognize the genocide of the Armenians.
And just to put a day aside and recognize it. So I wrote a letter to Bob Graham, who has a Miami office, and delivered it to him and said, you know, I'm Armenian and this was a great human atrocity during World War One.
And I hope you, I hope I can tell you for your support.
And I can just as answer was no.
The answer was Turkey is too strong of an ally of us now that we can't vote for it.
And it ended up being filibustered by the Senate. Now this same guy, you know, a guy, the kid has the right to do this.
There's no Turkey up in situancy here. You got to understand there's no Armenians to have a great day pal.
Just remember Turkey's his middle name.
There you go.
Okay, we've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of this place like a way to build whatever his name was said.
It's unbelievable. You know, it's just astonishing. It's like I just came back yesterday on a plane.
It's like we never miss the beat. It just continues on. On. Will it ever end?
The Neil Rogers show on.
I said, you're up on.
UAM Miami, Brut Lauderdale.
