Let's fix the QAS in talk to me about 567,
oh 560, oh 3 in date and ground floor,
no 560 on yourself, oh your pins of me
will just test in color.
Do not necessarily represent those of the beastly broadcast
group, it's staff, advertises or agencies.
Now, here's Neal Roger on 560 QAM.
What the fuck, I'm a dead and frauer.
Here's a bomb.
Do the pole.
In their mercury's walkers and came six cats, they're both.
It's too hard to see.
That's what some are complaining.
There's too many holes, should I punch it or not?
Look at this, I'll let it all on the top,
sip part of all the confusion.
And this butterfly palette they're using,
it's got everybody's eyes,
I've brought friends of both.
There's a whole of that chin that's out of control.
The silencer losses, they can't find the hole.
Where does the silencer go?
Nobody knows.
It's part of Ode to be fusion.
It's part of Ode to be fusion.
The holes are closed.
Let's go home.
To watch Network TV for returns on the final results.
They say it's gold,
wait, not anymore.
Now they say it's gold,
we've been up all night and Florida still don't seem right.
Cause some ballots were stuck inside somebody's throne.
Thank everybody in Sardahu,
voted for Governor Jeff.
It should be very clear what happened down here.
Get one's Georgie to win,
put their counts in again.
And that's how it's done in Florida.
In that inefficient dam,
don't let them mention her roughs.
Now every foot is around the world,
those that Florida's rolling with all their own holes.
America's land is the land of the walking dam.
It's part of Ode to be fusion.
It's part of Ode to be the home that's rolling around.
You have me in Florida.
You're in Florida.
If you have somebody show them more to stick it, please.
Tell them to apply 60WQM.
I'm going to tell you this is just beyond description.
It's indescribable.
I'm speechless.
And it's not only Florida,
the good news is that we got a lot of companies.
For example, guess what?
They found 500 more Gore votes in New Mexico
that somehow got like Shuffle the Side.
They stuck them on somebody's armpit.
And of course they had New Mexico again.
So we asked the poor yesterday.
Do you think we'll ever really know who won this election?
Look at the number.
666 said,
How do you like that?
I told you it was the hand of God.
Came down and struck W right there in the push
and given that big boil.
668.5% said no,
I won't ever know.
And 366 very silly people said,
Oh yeah, 31% I will know out of 972 votes.
Why?
Now in one hour 11 o'clock the circuit court judge in telehance
is going to rule on whether or not the Catherine Harris
and her boyfriend.
I mean,
yeah, whether we're going to have to stop and certify by five o'clock.
But I would like to point something out to you.
For those of you bush people that are counting your ass before
it's upside down,
let me just tell you this right now.
That even if they do certify by five this afternoon,
that's only the 67 counties.
That doesn't include the overseas absentee ballots.
And for the first time, what I heard, oh wait a minute,
they just had a number up there in Fox.
Did you see what it was?
Oh, I think it's 383.
But anyway, for the first time I heard this,
that they sent 4,000.
I'm not making this up.
4,000 absentee ballots to Israel.
Boy!
Now wouldn't that be sweet irony?
After that virulent anti-Semi-James Baker,
and that whole Georgia Bush senior, pop-a-bush clan,
the virulent anti-Semi-It's up there,
who think that they've managed to steal the election by wood?
Wouldn't that be sweet justice?
So the state judge is going to be ruling 11 o'clock.
We'll have it right here.
We'll be on Fox.
We'll be on CNN.
We'll be all out on MSNBC.
We'll be everywhere.
Just days before his DWI episode came back to launch
George W. Bush, he nearly had a sex scandal
contend with the police called a 16-year-old nephew,
ropping naked inside a park car with a 17-year-old schoolgirl.
A ride!
John Jemby Bush, the son of W. is younger brother
Florida Governor, J. Bush,
was now having son outside the Tallahassee Mall on October 7th
by a pair of mall security guards who reported the
steamed windowshen endagants to the Tallahassee police
Arginasca Brandon.
Brandon reports as Jemby Bush is unarmed blonde companion,
a student at an elite private school who both naked
from the waist down.
A ride!
And locked in a lusty embrace inside a blue Jeep Cherokee.
The cup filed a sexual misconduct report since the couple were having
sex in public view.
This is from the New York Post, paid six, by the way.
The body boss nearly made front-paid news around the sunshine state
with the AP, the hero and the St. Pete Times all obtained copies of the
Randy report, but they spiked this story because originally they thought it was
Jemby's older brother George P, that Hunky George P was involved in this,
but they found out it was only a little Jemby.
They said, who cares about that?
And they smirk handed.
So how do you like that?
This good upsetting family that wants to bring decency and morality back to America,
they're banging their brains out and cars outside parking lots.
They're having a good day.
Belthertut, you see what Martin Sheen said about the George W.
He said he's a white knuckle drunk.
And he's very, very, no, seriously, that's the direct quality.
He said he's very concerned that if he gets in because drunks who really want to
reform, they go to like, you know, something, they go to a AA, AAA or something,
anything, anything with an A in a Canada.
But he didn't go anywhere.
He didn't get any kind of assistance, any kind of help.
In other words, he's a white knuckle drunk in denial is what Martin Sheen says.
And Martin Sheen, I don't know because he's on that show.
So he ought to know, meaning that the machines malfunction in some way.
They couldn't count all the votes.
Okay, that's why they suspended a recount in Palm Beach County,
they voted by two to one to suspend the thing in Palm Beach.
So and they're waiting of course for that ruling to come down.
And also, they have a credit party in Palm Beach is going to court.
Everybody today, in case we don't get a lot of calls today,
I'm not going to worry about it because everybody's in court.
Every judge in court, every lawyer's in court.
Everybody with an ass to grind is in court.
Almost everybody who voted on this thing is in court.
I think you ought to a little bit more about Catherine Harris, our Secretary of State.
She endured snow and sub-freezing New Hampshire temperatures to campaign for George W.
She toured the panhandle in a motor home to urge elected Democrats to switch parties.
Florida Secretary of State Catherine Harris is a fiercely loyal to the Republican party
and who ruling Monday in Florida's counties must deliver vocalities to her by 5 p.m.
that they were risk being ignored, touched off a round of criticism,
including a charge of partisanship from former U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher,
here to monitor the recap for Al Gore.
Noting that Harris has been a long supporter of Jebby and George W.
and very active in the W. campaign, Christopher said that in her statement,
it has the look of an effort to produce a particular result in the election rather than
ensures the voice of the voters will be heard.
Harris's granddaughter, Ben Hill Griffin, Jr., a citrus and cattle maggot.
She has a net worth of only $6.9 million.
How do you like that?
Nice citrus, Catherine.
Citrus, or under it, but the good news is today, I'm glad you mentioned that.
Judd, Judge Blas, tanker program.
A Howard Circuit Court's judge issued a stinging review of Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford
Monday saying the First Amendment rights of property owners have been trampled
by the citrus tanker eradication program and his judge is going to rule on Friday,
in which he'll either allow the state to keep cutting down healthy citrus trees
or order them to stop and trap the crap.
The judge says if ever there was a demonstration or lack of concern for the individual residents,
this is it.
The First Amendment includes the right to petition your government.
We elect people to represent us not to do what's been done in this case.
He says, I'm extremely disturbed.
This is Bob Circuit Judge Leonard Fleet as an animal.
He says, he just don't walk on individual rights not in this country and not a matter
before this court.
God damn it.
That's what he said.
Nice going there, Judge Fleet.
Let's go.
You need a scorecard now.
Forget about the ballot cards.
We need a scorecard to keep track of which lawsuit is in which court and which judge
is recusing himself because he opened up a big mouth.
You see that about that, Judge and Palm Beach?
Steven Rap.
We said there are a bunch of assholes and let them lose their souls anywhere or something like that.
He got the, I think he got a bum rap.
Anyway, nine minutes after 10, it's 5, 60, WDQ.
What is WDQ a little bit because anybody that takes this a little bit too seriously just calm down because I can't maintain,
especially after that game last night.
Wow.
How can a Murray still be an, oh that's right, they're on the bus getting out of town with a whole bunch, the whole organization.
Bye bye, Terry.
Let's all put our hands together and say, bye bye bye.
The Terry Murray.
That was the all time worst last night.
That was the most embarrassing.
They're pretty sure they're going to be playing in front of empty arena.
There will be nobody in there, including me.
No question the further notice you could use that.
No, no, no, no.
The police commissioner W.G.A.M.
This is by chance group interpretate.
Stay home, we're out the mall, Ron.
Goodbye, Brian Murray.
You killed the team and you wouldn't know good hockey if it fit you on the act for a coach you are stupid.
Oh, welcome.
He'll call him or see us.
To keep you on and you couldn't manage your check for another minute being that at one time had all the rights.
And it's only too late for us to sell a spray when you're the one's betray.
And when you leave, don't forget Christmas, your hockey queen.
You thought that you would do better than the classic play.
At that point the pain doesn't hurt anymore.
There's no one left to play his own.
Goodbye, Brian Murray.
You can't admit that.
You don't know shit about running on hockey team.
I'm not interested in hearing why.
But no matter how you try, you can't deny that.
You made the pie first just because you make a lousy coach.
And as a manager you really know.
And it's only too late for us to sell a spray when you're the one's betray.
And when you leave don't forget Christmas, your hockey queen.
You thought that you would do better than the classic play.
You can't quit the game.
The word is pathetic.
It seemed to be that instead of we need to get fired, the marines are like resign.
So a little bit of class just step aside and say bye-bye.
10-16 at 5-60 WDQM Fox is saying, and of course the Fox news network, they've got to be first on everything.
Whether they just make it up or not, they're saying that the announcement is coming at 10-30 this morning from the circuit judge at LAS.
CNN insists it's 1 o'clock.
So we'll stay here on Fox because maybe they'll make it up if they don't have it first.
Maybe they got a relative of the judge who can tell us because Fox news admits Bush cousin helped predict his victory.
Senior executives for the Fox news channel, for the fascist news.
That's what the F stands for in Fox fascism.
You know how all the networks they have the little logo in the bottom right hand corner.
Why did they just put a swastika in the bottom right hand corner next to where it's Fox?
Senior executives for the Fox news channel, like now is Monday night, that John Ellison executive will play the central role in the first decision on election night to project that George W.
He had won the presidency and who was a first cousin of Bush spent much of the night in communication with the candidate.
The Fox executive said they had been unaware of the contact and said Ellison misused his role with the network perhaps damaging its reputation, which of course is a joke.
How can he damage your reputation when you don't have any damage to reputation?
Ellison headed the election desk for Fox news network, acknowledged in an article published this week in New York or magazine that he held repeated phone conversations with Bush and his brother, Jettie, the governor of Florida throughout the election.
Not giving them indications the way to what was going.
John Moody, the vice president of editorial news for Fox News channel, I thought he was a race driver, Hazel Park.
John Moody said that we know he was on the phone who was cousin. No, yet it just as we wouldn't have expected him to tell us the details of the family dinner, neither would we have expected him to buy information to one of the candidates.
How do you like that?
Ellison's role in the event of election night was seized upon by officials from Gore's campaign Monday night as evidence that Fox's bias to Republican candidate and that the Fox call of the election for Bush was the start of a chain of events that led to preliminary impression that Bush was the winner of the still contested race.
Fox has been a vowed enemy of the world campaign throughout the election said Mark Fabiani, the campaign communications director.
To have a network like Fox call that everybody follows suit was a tremendously damaging thing.
It literally took 24 to 48 hours to convince people that Gordon won the popular vote.
Fox was among the first to call the race for Bush based on his lead with almost all the precincts counted each of the other TV news organizations do the same conclusion matter of minutes.
Ellison acknowledged that during the day he did speak frequently with Governor Bush and Governor Jebi.
They are his first cousins.
So once again, the stench of common who comes from this whole operation that we call a presidential election.
No more paper ballots.
Just like that thing about no more wire hangers, no more paper ballots ever ever again.
That's what that's what I've just dictated.
I just put the ruling down right now from on high from my throne.
No more freaking paper ballots like the ones in New Mexico.
Here's a bunch of torn one.
Bush copies. They look good for Bush.
Or here's a bunch of ones we found under our armpit.
They look good for Gore back and forth and back and forth.
It's a joke.
And the whole economy not just in this country, the whole economy of the world.
They're all sitting holding their breath.
King and their pants changing their defensively.
Two seconds waiting on the outcome of this like it really means something.
Here's a mobile and high.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How about those maple leafs?
Yeah, what about them?
They're going to win it all this year?
Yeah, they're going to win it all.
That's all.
So anyway, what was I just saying before this jackass was on no more paper ballots, no more paper ballots, no more wire hangers.
Oh, I was going to get to our poll question.
Glad this color reminded me.
How about those maple leaves?
No, that's not a poll question.
How interested are you now in the outcome of this election?
I mean, and the reason I'm asking this question and now is because after all of this, I don't care how fanatical you are,
but there can't become a point at which you finally say, I can't handle any more of it.
You don't want to say how interested are you now in the outcome of this election?
Here are the three choices.
Still very interested getting less interested by the day or sick of it, get it over already.
That's a great poll Neil.
Thank you.
How interested are you now in the outcome of this election?
Still very interested getting less interested by the day or sick of it, get it over already on neo-warrenches.com.
That's our poll question for today.
Now what do you guys say, Goldiesco?
Right, amen.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Listen, as we go further into this quad-marble regal actions and or times of shaming hand recounts,
what do you think is going to happen this summer when the tour collides me?
Are they going to be able to meet without Florida?
Or is this just going to be bypassed and the right to newly see the house?
What do you think?
What do I think?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I haven't got any idea.
How would I know that?
I'll tell you guys, here's a great suggestion for you.
Call your jets for like nine minutes to thirty-nine minutes, whether it's 10, 30, 11 o'clock this morning.
See what they're going to recount anymore vote, and then maybe we'll have an idea.
This is a guy, even some other people call up this vote.
What's your take on that?
Wow, Oklahoma, Lucer County, what tour hockey game that's coming up?
Who the hell, what do I know?
What do I think?
On December 18th.
Here it's the 14th of November.
We don't know which side is up yet.
They're still trying to find where the hole is, and this guy wants to know what's my take on it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We're getting ready for this first of many big announcements coming shortly.
There were eight minutes of you believe Fox or thirty minutes of you believe CNN, and I don't believe any of them.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
What the hell is that?
What is that all about?
This one will not pick up Line 6.
We have more phone problems now.
Line 5 is dead, and now Line 6 won't pick up.
Let me try somebody else.
Hit the next button, just out of curiosity.
Next button, they do it.
The phone just died.
The phone just died.
Here we go.
Again.
See that?
Here's here.
It's got as my witness.
It's a...
Damn, God!
What?
I'm punching the buttons.
There's nothing else.
Punch this range.
I'm punching the buttons.
It will not put these on here.
They're just still all flashing there.
This place, I'm going to tell you something.
It's just...
If I didn't have that bonus check in my pocket right now, which I do.
This is just enough to drive you insane.
So now, George, I apologize to those of you who want to...
Ah!
And I was out there.
I never had the penalty.
I love that.
Yeah.
That was a great sound.
Yeah, holy old.
The phone is f'd up again for a change.
Okay.
Can't put any of those bastards on.
That's okay.
We'll reboot it.
And maybe we'll be able to put them on the Hefty Carlos' back.
As once again, WQM in the beastly bronch.
In fact, George Beasley was in the wilderness morning,
from pointing around the hallway, dressed up as a duck.
Which I thought was kind of interesting.
Give it a shot before we...
Give it a shot with what?
See if I can...
Just say whatever.
Oh, here's the mobile and what's candle?
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
Hey, listen, I wanted to ask you something.
Why did they throw just Jackson out yesterday?
They didn't show him off.
They said that they didn't have enough security there.
And you better go someplace where you'll be safe.
Well, listen, listen.
I...
You last called yesterday, but it was from Little Havana.
I wanted to say something that he said about the QB American.
First of all, I'd like to thank our Rothnater voters.
Yeah, absolutely nothing.
98,000 votes down the tail at a wood school.
What a guy in about 70-80%.
Yep.
And for trying to make this country like France with a million parties,
thanks a lot.
That's it.
Absolutely nothing.
And I know it then.
I know right that they have all these parties.
They don't even invite us.
Yep.
Second of our meal.
Let me tell you something stupid people shouldn't be a lot to breathe.
That should be a lot.
A stupid people make stupid kids.
Well, sure would make a lot more room for the rest of us.
Okay, thanks a miko.
Here's the fact that...
Oh, this is beautiful.
It's just I voted for George W. Bush, but at the time I was under the impression I was voting for his dad.
Here's one.
This is how many Palm Beach Democrats do they take the screw in the light bulb?
No, they can't find the hole.
Oh, these are some good ones.
So what happened?
You rebooted it and they immediately came back up.
Is that what the deal was there?
I guess.
Okay.
Now let me make some room for more excitement.
I'm writing how not to make these people work a little bit harder.
Here's the lady mobile implantation.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
I'm a question for you.
Does the Electoral College have to vote for the person that the state says, well, do they have a vote?
Theoretically they don't, but the fact is that the parties get all very highly partisan political people.
And there is not a Chinaman's chance.
Now, it's happened a couple of times in our history, but the odds that the electors are not going to vote for their candidate is highly unlikely.
So you don't think there's a chance that the Electoral College can clear this shit out?
I mean, there's always a possibility.
I didn't hear what she said.
I'll pretend I didn't hear what she said.
Now there's always that possibility, but unlikely.
Don't hold out for that.
Okay, just curious.
Okay.
Thank you.
See, thank God I talked over because she said there's something.
It sounded like something like that.
5.6.7, we got the phone working now.
We're watching the Fox because they promised to be first with us.
That probably had a guy in a row.
Maybe it'll be Judge Woffner.
It's on election night in a county that size and not know you didn't count them.
A lot of things here are not beginning to add up.
Yeah.
I hope that the plan here is to not work until you don't get any certification from Florida on December the 18th.
I don't know.
Suppantly, their electoral votes aren't part of the total and that ensures a more victory.
Wouldn't that be a shame?
Yeah.
Just look at all the possibilities.
The fact is it's rigged.
No matter who wins, it's still rigged.
26 after 10 to 5, 60 WDQAM.
And beat that Gator me.
And now the newly elected Florida election supervisor could put down.
Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
I have a call.
The guy more is no guy.
No, it's not the new teacher.
It's not the new teacher.
It's not the new teacher.
Why is the AI?
One, two, three.
And our love and peace.
And glory can be.
It's not a business.
Make the things in a country.
I think it's all about the OK.
Oh, it's a new car.
The whole set never worked.
I thought it was.
He's right outside.
I think the fingers on your hands and hands, just like me, one, two, three, four, five, four.
Are you OK, have fun?
Oops.
Right.
And for the recap, one, two, three, four, four, two, three, four.
OK, 1030 at 560 WQ.
They're running a spot on Fox.
So I don't think that the judge, at least not right at 1030.
So guess what, Fox?
Wrong again.
Don't have enough relatives with the judge, understand?
560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T in Volanza Wireless Line.
Palm Beach County has suspended their recap by a two-to-one vote of the election board.
And the Broward County last night by a similar vote decided, nah, we're not going to recount.
They only find four votes more for Gord.
That was only in one precinct though.
That was out of 4,000 votes.
That's one out of 1,000.
They were like a half a million votes.
There would be like 5,000 votes that they could have found for Gord and Broward.
But they said, nah, I don't want to tell you about the judge.
The Democrat Broward judge, and Broward, who is the deciding vote on that.
He's a little light and a little fris is what I'm hearing.
And why the hell he did that, I have no idea.
So there are all kinds of things going on all over that nobody can keep track of.
But this decision that's coming on sometime between now and 11 o'clock, we hope.
That should give you a little bit more idea.
Then ask me some questions.
Here's a lady in North, where is it, North Palm Beach?
Hello.
Yes, good morning.
I was care from North Palm Beach calling.
I heard from my family of mores in the New York area that the New York Times had a story that the Alps and Teabalts went out already marked for Governor Bush.
Has anybody heard that?
Well, it's still up in the stuff that's all over the news.
I have a story here.
It wasn't actually the ballots.
I have just one second.
It says, in the weeks before the presidential election, Florida Republicans mailed party voters tens of thousands of requests for absentee ballots that were virtually completed requiring only the African Signature and Social Security number.
The aim was to drive up absentee voting for Governor George W.
In other words, they had actually marked the ballot, but the application forms had already been marked, had already been filled out.
I think that's an outrage.
I don't know why the national media hasn't picked up on this.
Well, I mean, there's so many irregularities and so much fraud going on. It's hard to keep track of all of it.
I was at, down yesterday at the rally on the, down in West Palm Beach on Monday and also on Friday.
And apparently, again, the national media isn't focusing on, I think, the outrage that the Florida voters feel about the foreign country out here.
Well, what can I tell you?
I mean, it's all in the hands of the judges now, whether the media is in a way or what.
You know, Alan Dershowitz was on last night and he made, again, he made the point that I've been making that this ballot in Palm Beach County is illegal.
It's absolutely positively illegal.
But I don't think they're going to get a judge to rule on that because if they do rule that way, there's no way they can ever re-vote in Palm Beach.
Yeah, I agree.
It's not possible.
That's a fortune.
I do.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, good luck.
Bye.
To us.
We're still waiting.
You're still, Austin is arguing.
Vice President Al Gore wants to keep counting votes until he gets the results he likes.
Bush attorneys have been considering filing an appeal in federal court trying to stop Florida manual recounts.
Late yesterday, Bush communications director Karen Hughes spoke that.
Oh, no, I'm not putting that for you.
She gives me the creeps.
That's a Becky Brod.
You know, that one I'm talking about.
Maybe we could hook her up with Jen Arena.
What are you saying?
Anyway, here's a fact that says that these rallies, I just don't know.
It says it's quite disturbing to receive a call in late evening from dear friends worried about this vote while the whole world is watching and laughing at the state of Florida.
It's hard time we stand to be counted too.
They're laughing at the state of Florida.
Just like when we had that alien business down here, they're always laughing at the state of Florida and rightfully so.
I hasten to point that out.
It's not like they're laughing at us just because they hate us.
They're laughing at us because we're laughing stock.
We can't do anything right.
I'm asking all residents says this fact of Broward County to convene on downtown Fort Lauderdale in front of the government said it was South Andrew's Avenue in South Florida.
Secondary to show Jane Carroll, our Republican elected official that we indeed want to vote counted.
And the call to have a happy enough to supervise the elections though we mean business.
We need business, baby.
She should not be allowed to call the vote to her.
I think he's talking about the Secretary of State that then Catherine of bitch.
Harris.
It's as please I urge you to send this email to everyone you know in Broward County and join the high noon rally for our white to be heard.
Don't let Jevy Bush or the party control your mind.
Stand up and be counted.
Oh, today rallying downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Put on your rally cans.
Although you do realize that if this judge rules in the next 25 minutes that the recal account has to stop by five o'clock and if they're going to have to certify.
I think a lot of rallies are going to come to a screeching halt.
I couldn't be wrong.
How come our poll is not I don't want to start getting pushed you with Eric maybe Eric didn't miss the poll.
Maybe just thought it was a bad poll question and didn't like it.
Maybe he don't like my poll question today.
Well, too bad Eric.
No need to miss it.
So again, how interested are you now in the outcome of this election still very interested getting less interested by the day or sick of it.
Get it over already.
Those are your three choices.
I don't want to tell you which one I feel.
So I dare say which one I'm going to vote.
Here's a mobile invoking.
Yeah, sir.
We're the technology that we have a conscious what the bank use uses like with the ATM's baby cards.
That's right.
Swipe it down.
Why can't I have a card that I feel Ray's fish number on it all this year's the story permission where you're probably to machine.
You can't do this that tree.
You want to vote for this one.
It's probably that one.
You want to vote for the other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
The other one.
And then we expect the rest of the world to respect this like we know what the hell we're doing here.
Exactly.
I mean come on.
I mean this is like the only reason now.
I mean, they're doing this, this time of going inside the America.
I mean, this is the first thing the United States we have to always acknowledge this and only to force us a moment.
They're gonna make it for ourselves because there are nobody else.
But they can't get this tree.
You got it.
That's why I wanted to say.
Have a great life now.
I like to ask, this too shall pass.
We like fixed elections.
We like to rig them.
This is, you know, everybody jokes about it and makes a little smile laughter in the
back.
You know, we gotcha.
And then we call other places banana republics.
How do they are anybody in the state of Florida, all places, talk about any place else as
a banana republic?
This is the top banana right here.
And the judge ain't spicking it.
It just relax spots wide as usual.
They're full of crap.
It's been delayed to 11 o'clock.
But they figure they get suckers like me to tune in.
Only we don't have a Neilson thing on our TV in here.
So it's not going to do any good.
Okay.
You fascist Nazi bastard, Rupert NoDoc.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how you doing?
All right.
I'm assuming myself, man.
And I'm in barris for a few minutes out of here because everywhere I go, I'm talking
around and say, you know, all the way is like, boom, boom, boom, boom, you know.
And never even know anything.
The background of this man, you know, they don't know what kind of harm this guy is going
to do for the next four years.
And they also don't understand that the party that they embraced so dearly is the anti-immigration
policy that would like to set them all back when they came from.
Yeah, you know.
And it's like, I mean, I don't know.
I'm just embarrassed.
I mean, there are two spots because they took it on the way from them.
Yeah, that's right.
This is the way it didn't even.
Yeah.
I mean, we started with you and I'm closing.
I think door to door, this voting stuff is going on.
The problem we have in Florida is that I've seen down my man at the George Bush.
Okay.
Very good.
Excellent thing.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're just by and our time here waiting until here come the judge.
I mean, I wouldn't be great if it turned out it was Judge Wapner because they went to
the courtroom and there was Judge Wapner.
And Dustin Hoppen was sitting here like in the front row.
Just sitting like rocking back and forth.
Did I say 21 before 11 at 5, 60 QAM?
I think I did.
Neil Roger show sports radio.
5, 60.
Q, A, M.
18 before I went at 5, 60 years safe.
I will mention it.
So I believe.
Okay.
The guys are going to be going out in the QM fan down in Kenville.
We'll tell you exactly where when they get there and when they decide where they go.
There's one.
Oh, Joe, it's always going out.
Just relax.
Okay.
They're not only you from Joe.
Joe did a great job at the hockey game last night.
He was there with that black leather jacket on.
Looking like Joe Castello with a black leather jacket on.
So we got the rally coming up.
We're waiting for the judge.
We're waiting to see if Palm Beach and Browell.
Now, Dave County was supposedly there were meeting this morning about 10 minutes till 10
and I never saw him more about it.
I'm getting off of Fox.
They make me sick.
I'm trying to see those guy.
And then a little guy's do stepping around in the background.
But anyway, Dave was supposed to be voting.
I'm going to say we're going to recount just the 10,000 ballots that were under.
They don't want the over but they want the under.
That's what Eddie K called and told him just check out the under.
The ones were nobody allegedly voted in the presidential race.
And for the guy who called yesterday,
they was giving me a big condescending song in advance to tell me how to do the show.
Oh, well, everybody knows that if they throw out the ballot because you didn't vote one race,
they don't throw the whole thing out.
Well, everybody assumed that, including me up until this year,
but the media have been telling us contrary and talking about discarding the ballots,
which sounds to a lot of people and mixed people very nervous that they're voting the other races.
Don't get counted.
Speaking of which, Elaine Bloom not only lost a clay shop,
I've heard some both, but now comes to find out.
Did you read about that?
That in some of the precincts, they had the wrong congressional race on the ballot,
for like two or two and a half hours.
And in some of the precincts, they had in part of the precinct on some of the machines,
they had the right race, and in some of the other machines, they had the wrong candidate
to the wrong congressional district, which lasted for two to two and a half hours.
A couple of two couples said that the husband voted for one in one race,
and the wife voted in the other race, the human race,
because they had the wrong names.
And they said, oh, no, we're not going to let you a challenge these.
This election smells, I mean, it's just enough to make you a puke.
I was still very interested in five.
I didn't vote for that one.
Here's a mobile in Hialeah.
Well, I'm in Wesson, but no.
Here's a mobile in Weston, yes, sir.
Okay, I just wanted to make mention of the fact that I'm getting kind of sick and tired
of our commissioner of agriculture, Bob Crawford, too.
He's doing an awful lot of spinning out there for the Republicans, too.
I think they ought to hook him up to an orange tree and spin him right off into orbit
and get him to be his name.
Yeah, I'm just saying, you're just infertankers, but today he was trying to tell us that,
oh, Catherine Harris, she's a woman of her own mind.
She makes up her own decisions.
So she's not partisan.
Right.
Oh, there you go.
And let me ask you this.
I think they ought to probably ask Bob Crawford what he thinks is on George W.
Is she?
What if it turned out to be a tanker?
Oh, yeah.
That'd be the end of him.
He'd be finished.
By the way, that would have been a problem.
How does that go?
What is it?
I think that's the insecticide where the puppet string there taps to it.
That could be it.
And what is it now?
The young young Mr. Gorsh, I understand, Jeb's son got caught.
Jeb, yeah.
Yeah, was he getting hand jab or a blow jab?
That's what I was saying.
Okay, we'll check it out.
We'll go.
Yeah, they're recounting, like I said, in some places and it's still a hand job.
That's what the whole voter, that's what they whole electorate in this state.
And this country are getting a big hand job and don't even feel good.
That's what they're getting.
We got 15 minutes to go, man.
Just strap yourselves in.
Yeah.
And for the next decision by the next judge in the circuit court in Tallahassee,
can they curtail this thing at five this afternoon?
Well, Catherine Harris is fascist ruling that the votes must be certified by five today.
Will that stand up?
I will.
I will she lay down again and work with Jeb, E. L. A. next to her.
Now, have we ever seen the other, never saw the other son, did you?
Maybe he's like the, no, sure.
I always see that they keep trotting out George P, because he used to look pretty good.
He still looks okay, but not like he used to.
He's getting over here by the minute.
Here's Key West.
Hello?
Yeah, you're new.
Yes, sir.
What's up with the phones?
I got kicked off three times.
Because the phone's screwed up.
He's a crap.
Oh, down here in T-West, we do not like any of the candidates.
So we did the process, both.
Yeah.
Most of the people I talked to, and they voted for John McCain.
Oh, beauty.
I hear the show down here.
I love it.
There's a lot of people who are down here that are like, what's your problem?
They think you have a God complex or something.
They feel good.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to go down on leather catching on and have a great day.
Yes, sir.
You know something?
It just dawned on me.
I think John McCain, if Bush gets in, they're going to kick Cheney out of there.
Cheney will run off in the loop with Papa Bush.
They're going to put Cheney out of what's his name on there?
McCain.
Because then they can have like matching bandages.
Have you noticed that George W.
He's got the bandage on the left cheek and McCain is on the right cheek.
I do believe.
There's a way around.
Something like that.
And then if we have any economic problems, they can just kind of like put a bandage on the
problem.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, see me.
They think I have a God complex in T. West.
It's a freaking radio show.
Okay, it's a radio show.
If you like it, find it.
If that's you, okay?
I don't care.
I'm doing the best I can.
I'm here to entertain the public.
I don't know what God damn thing about anything.
If I did, I wouldn't have my money with Metchurch, which by the way, he voted for George W.
Yeah, another Jew for fascism because it's good for the market.
How do you like that?
Oh, yeah.
Metchurch.
It's not good enough to suit fix your problem.
How is that chick-rich to you, by the way, huh?
Here's John Zorella.
That's my beach.
That what has been happening now is that a judge has recused herself.
Oh, it was the second judge.
Last night, the first judge recused himself.
The second judge now has recused herself.
And the issue here are the six or seven lawsuits that were filed by individuals in Palm Beach County
claiming that because of the so-called butterfly ballot that they did not have a fair vote.
I did not.
It was not clear who they were voting for.
So there were about half a dozen or more lawsuits filed.
And they were all given to one judge yesterday who was going to have an emergency hearing during that emergency hearing.
That judge recused himself.
Now this morning, the second judge who got all of these cases has now recused herself, basically saying,
for whatever the reason is, and we don't know, he does not feel as hearing these cases.
So we're onto our third judge in Palm Beach County Circuit Court.
I'm talking a judge's roster.
He don't have much to do these days.
Starting with supposed to.
Well, that's the judge's duty of hanging judge.
You'll fix your ass.
You determine the validity of those lawsuits filed by individuals in Palm.
Somebody please call Ellen Morphoni as the real hanging judge.
She'll console her ass all in jail.
What a joke.
What a travesty.
This is a way to conduct an election.
Yeah.
People out there that say, oh yeah, you're wrong, Mia.
We're going to know the fair and square who's still a third square.
Right.
Here's a mobile in Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to just say that both these candidates have something other sleeve because of the fact.
Like anybody who spends millions and millions of dollars throughout the state can present to earn 1.6 million.
They're out doing it for themselves, not for the United States.
Mm-hmm.
The people in the United States need to take a look at the whole picture here and see what this guy is really about.
It's a push guy.
Let's have some poor people in there, do you want to know what are you saying?
They ask what I'm saying.
I said what?
They were in sort of country and not for themselves.
Right.
You got it.
Okay, pal.
Well said.
Let's get rid of all these goddamn millionaires including Captain Harris who's worth 6.9 million because of daddy's the big citrus queen or a guy whatever he is.
Bitch.
It's all falling into place.
Citrus buddies.
Yeah, citrus buddies.
I think we got a big tanker on a whole goddamn state is what we got and needs to be chopped out.
When it doubt, chop it out.
Let's get those FSU packets on the phone see if they can do that chop.
You know, the distal from the Bravest Band.
Or is it the other way around?
Oh, whatever it is.
They're all about your assholes.
Rednecks.
See up until I've been seeing all these reports in Tallahassee with all those good young, goose stepping Republican students up there.
I kind of like, you know, I'm an FSU.
They got a 45 year old quarterback.
You know, give me all the credit in the world who cares, especially anybody that might beat you M someday again.
We stayed in the last time.
But now I'm starting.
I don't get involved in all this juvenile.
The gator is in the nose.
Who cares?
I didn't go to those schools anyway.
And how about the Spartans kicking produce that?
I was mentioning that in passing.
But the fact is that now FSU, they're on my Schmidt list.
Okay, all you kids up there in Tallahassee.
That's for you.
In fact, most of you kids probably belong at Palm Beach Atlantic University.
But all those good Christian students that won't see an inflighting.
Here's Kate Coral.
Hello.
Hey, how are you today?
I'm doing okay.
You know, was a very interesting pile.
I'll let you do there with Catherine Harris and Ben Helgriffin.
Because over here in Fort Myers, what they had done is the tremendous controversy over where to locate Florida's 10th University.
So Ben Helgriffin just stood up and said, here, I'll give you all the land.
And now there's environmentally sensitive land that they're building shopping centers, malls, big apartment complex.
And also the university itself.
The next Fort Myers connection that's of interest is another big developer.
His name is Al Hoffman, WCI community.
He is one of the electoral college votes in Florida.
And it was a hit house here in Fort Myers if they had a thousand dollar of played breakfast about a year and a half ago for George Bush.
And it was a hit.
And it all comes into place.
And just a bunch of regular really thick about it though.
Because I've never seen so much the vice of this now than I ever had.
Right down the middle.
So somebody just threw a big line.
I'll have to have the show.
So they'll keep up the good work.
Okay.
Great job.
Thanks. Right between American public.
We got city city. Right down the middle.
And that's the way the market loves it.
Gridlock. They love gridlock.
In fact, all that just people like mechersh, assholes like him.
Oh, this is going to be great because now you got Congress board right down the middle of the Senate.
May actually be 50, 50, 50.
And you got whoever becomes president is going to be kind of a lame duck off chain.
He gets in the lame dick.
And there you are.
And they love that because then they can't get anything done.
And in the meantime, all these grave robbers like the pharmaceutical companies and the tobacco companies and the new world companies.
They can continue robbing graves and nobody's paying any attention.
They love that.
A little vacation trip.
And you don't know the possibility of the White House.
What is your thought on where this whole process is headed?
Well, it seems to me that it has been voted on by the public.
And from like I understand from Florida, there's a recount on anything that's closed, which they've done.
It seems to me a manual leads it wide up before a lot of mistakes.
And it looks like the F2C balance bar and they go from there.
So you say Friday, that should be it.
If everything's Canada and I think so.
And you?
Yes, I agree.
I think once the F1C balance is in and the recaps and then boggling machines.
And I'm pretty out here is what these bozos think for quite a lot.
They look like Monpock Kettle.
Get them out of here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
at those points today to submit their final botanaly.
There's James Baker, are we putting him on here?
And we see, yeah, that's it.
That's as much as he's getting on his show, anti-submitic piece of crap, bigoted piece of turd.
A knoxious arrogant aristocratic piece of Schmidt, I should be just said it.
5 6 7 0 5 50 are these forms, or are these are a little bit suspect.
back. Okay, just check it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm so pissed off right now. I voted for. Yeah.
At that idiot could have won his own damn state. We'd never be going through this right now.
Why are you repeating that? Well, what is that? It's just my second opinion. Same with Clinton.
If you could have got Arkansas, the two Democratic states. What's the rush? What is the deadline?
The votes have already been cast. Yeah. I'm going to change the votes. Just get the count correct.
But they can't recount them. Don't you understand that? They can't recount them.
If she says about five o'clock today, it's all done. They don't have time to count them.
And they have to put whatever the last tally was there. That's what I mean. Why is there a five o'clock deadline?
And then you got to add the up the up to $10 anyway. That's going to be after five.
Especially when those 20 million Israeli votes come in. You and you and him have been saying it for years.
This is such a bush town. All right. Calm down, pal. Take two and call us again. God.
Boxes are just pouring it over here.
Some of them are worrying. All kinds of a balance that we got.
I was supposed to be at TV for like 10 seconds.
Punchholes start to cross some gores named first reaction to ghost ridges.
Oh, this is beautiful.
I can't handle it anymore. Paper ballots. No more paper ballots. No more wire hangers.
And no more paper ballots. And no more gym maker.
I don't ever want to see him again. He should only rot in hell. Him and his boyfriend,
Heinrich Himmler. They should only croak.
God, do I hit that son of a bitch? And then like I said, every time he comes on there,
it's like rubbing it right in their nose. So it's like painting a little swastika on the forehand
of every Jew in the Palm Beach. That's what he's trying to do now. Every word he says.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just want to ask you know,
are you familiar with Matt Drudge? Yeah, he got came. I know. Yeah.
Yeah. Just called you a goon. And he says that you're a fraud. Yeah.
And I just want to let you know what's your take on that? What's my take on that?
Some take a crap. That's my take on that. And something.
Congratulations for getting fired by ABC. And it's really great that he's a
hawk and a chanick about me now. A real, real intellect Matt Drudge,
who were reporting exposing the fact that this show encouraged people to go out and
vote hundreds of times for Gore. Great sense of humor there Matt. I hope you got an equal sense of
humor about you getting canned because you're right winged paranoid piece of crap.
Andy 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. And James Bickers going.
Here's North Miami B. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you break me down.
Where did they get this James Dicker anyway? They resurrected this effort he said.
I have a question for you. I'm SMBC. They said that it's the counts are not done by five o'clock
in the jugs. Fixed to the deadline that the votes for those particular counties aren't going to count
at all. Now, what would it mean the votes aren't going to count? That's what they said.
That if they're told that they're not in by five or five or five or five or five or five.
And if they're not in by five, that is correct, which means that Bush will be in the landslide.
Everybody's saying is I don't know the count for those particular counties.
But couldn't it be possible that he might be shooting himself in the foot if he won those counties
by an X amount of margin and they're not going to count those votes at the app?
Is it possible? Trust me when I tell you that the votes will be counted.
If it's because the ruling is coming down no later than noon and the appeals are all being heard
all over the place and they don't have rulings on it. They will get to her you can
bet your last dollar on it. They're votes by before five or five.
Because they said that if they're one and by five and the judge doesn't extend the deadline
that the votes would count at all. That's true. So it's possible that Bush could be shooting himself
in the foot, which is not such a bad idea anyways. Well, what do you mean he would be shooting
himself in the vine? If he had X amount of a read on growth. But but but goers way ahead in
Palm Beach County. Palm Beach is the only one that's still up in the air.
I think it was doing a bunch of other counts. They're all talking about five or five.
So we have to wait for minutes to get there. Hang on tight pal. I'm trying. I'm going to
squeeze too hard. Okay, Joe Costello is here today who did a great job at that game last night.
In fact, they should have put him in the go or something. Signed him up. Put him out there in the blue line.
I'm going to say it again. Most of the people on that team on that Panther team last night should
have paid to get in because they were spectators standing around watching the other team walking
right in front of that like a shooting gallery. This grace and an embarrassment. And I know
we got out of bad injuries, but that excuse ain't holding the water with this kid anymore. That was
pathetic. That was tragic. Where is the refund window? Five. That's where we should be asking for
this election. Where is the refund window? Where did we get our gas money back that we spent
just to get to wherever we voted, which I voted like about two seconds for my house. And I still
want to gas money back because I got bad gas. It came to this election. That's my luck. First
time I've voted years. First time I've voted years and this is what it turns out to be. A pile of
plant. A rig deal. Here's a mobile and no rabie. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I heard
something very interesting from Dan Ratheron. I miss him. I'm on him. And his what he said. Get ready
for this. He said the Republicans on the ballot that was sent overseas. The Republicans already
filled everything in and all the party had to do overseas is just sign in name and put down a
social security number. I'd like you to check that out. They didn't fill in the canary. They
filled out the application form, but they didn't fill out the ballot. Well, according to him, he
says they filled out the ballot. Yeah. And all they had to do was sign in. Well, and then those
ballots should be disqualified. And we go to court again. Yeah, that's sorry. I'd like you to check
out. I'll get up dead rather than I guess nobody told Dan Ratheron about the 80 million votes
coming from the Jews in Israel that are all for gold. Nobody told them about that. So anyway,
I'd like to check. Okay, let's check it out. Okay, take two and call us back. Take some
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and why the hell would anybody watch
an I'm missing the morning anyway? That right wing piece of third maybe you know something I'm
here in a room with that I'm missing the Lopinem of James Baker or maybe it's Jimmy Baker, one of the
other. So now we got to wait again. I'll tell you like I said yesterday, this is bad for America,
but it's great for talk shows. Just keep dragging it on and dragging it on. Soon or later,
somebody's got to get off the pot and make it a sitting here for Christ's first. It was
1030. Then it was 11 o'clock and then we got the other judge and the individual lawsuits by
the voters and bombies. Then the first judge recused himself and now there's broad judge.
He recuses. They're running around anxiously trying to find a judge anywhere, even a fake belief judge.
That has the balls to make a ruling.
Pathetic. This is this is all I can say about this whole process. That's the American way. Exactly.
You can smell it. It's not common when it feels but it has the identical aroma. It's like in
Western New York when you're driving like from Batavia to Buffalo on the at least years ago,
used to drive through these cabbage fields that surrounded the turn the through way.
And boy late at night in the middle of the summer that thing would like oh god your nostrils
were just being flamed and your eyes would be altered up. That's what this election smells like.
It stinks like crap. No matter who you're for, the whole process blows.
What do you think W. I think it blows or even he says it blows.
1109 at 550 WQ. I'm here's James Baker. Furthermore. Yeah furthermore my ass.
Only in the Banana Republic baby. Only in Miami.
One, two, uh three. I made a huge college in average this week. I have a lot of money but not
much of a brain like most of you voters who were just as late. But I can say one thing that you can.
My daddy is an ex-president. I got money. Power is up to the rules. I can do everything I do.
A little bit of cash is all I need is satisfy my ego and my greed. Maniculated marketing is all I
use. The garner votes for more. I'm like you. That is good. They fun in the last.
I was thinking about that man. Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't.
You can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Does that make the
last conversation see? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problem. Why is it you?
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine up my nose.
A little bit of tooth a little blow when I'm gonna get out of it and it's all back when I put it up
to the top. It's very intense.
One 15 to 5.60 WQ AM. So we're going to 45 minutes to wait. Can we wait 45 minutes?
No. I don't think so. I think a lot of us may be shmitting our pants by then.
For the judge at the circuit court up in Teller Hansi going to rule out the weather five o'clock is
going to be the deadline or whether they can actually extend it and we can start counting and
vote to get in Palm Beach and in a date. Because Broward last night said no and we don't want to do
this too much work and that's bagged judge up there in Broward. He's you know he'll want to be
bothered. He's got a date. 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
123 votes on our pool. How interested are you now in the outcome of this election.
Still very interested 56. Six of it. Get it over with already 36. Getting less interested by the
day by the minute by the second 31. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. This is not I just have something to say. My phone
title is messed up but we got a lot of minorities out to vote and four years from now a lot of
people are on the gun out. They're not going to bother because of what happened in the year 2000.
Absolutely correct. That's a great point. A lot of people including maybe me are going to say
you know who that why even go through this it's it's fixed anyway it's a bunch of crap and we
gave it our best shot and it didn't count. He said who gives a crap that's what he said.
And he's right. Crap is the operative word you can smell it.
I'm not going to be voting for years from now. I'm not going to be here for years from now.
No. I may be voting for a queen Beatrice over there whatever her name is.
Oh I know they don't vote for queens. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Amsterdam they do
on the Verizon wireless line. Bush campaigners just go outside to accept the 5 p.m.
vote count. Oh yeah the PR campaign goes on as what Baker was just saying now which luckily
see it and puts it up there on the screen and we got it in the nutshell.
Urging them to accept as they continue applying the pressure trying to spin their way into the
back door of the White House. And of course you can imagine what the Gore campaign is saying.
No. Yeah that's what they're saying except this our food up your hands.
Here's a mobile and Davy hello. Hey how you doing now? All right.
I was going to go on listen. Long time listen the first time car. Yes sir.
Listen I've got once all this is said and done and everything's all set. When it comes up
around next year hopefully all the fishers are going to be starting to look at a solution.
So this doesn't happen again next year next year. Next year?
Right next year actually four years I should say.
Or in two years how about two years only after congressional action?
Well yeah even that it works but I actually you know being in the computer
I got a solution for a lot of it. I mean with today's technology there's no reason why
we should be you know. We never ever have a paper ballot again having paper
balances and in open invitation for fraud. Exactly. I mean we could do it in such a way that it
would be done neat clean you wouldn't miss a vote you know and if you get done I mean so
officially and it wouldn't be you know be right on the money. And let me tell you something as far
as absentee ballots are concerned that you know that we as you know ATM cards not only can you take
your ATM card and go like up to Portland main and use your ATM in a bank you can go anywhere in
the world and use your ATM card and get money out of a bank and you could do the same thing with
the vote of registration card. Yeah there you go vote with the ATM but not yet.
Absolutely. Thank you a lot. Okay good luck to us.
Right go over there and you up anywhere you go you stick your ATM thing.
Sirus honor what's the other one? What is the other one? Come on let's get with it.
Sirus honor and what's the press though my ass press though press though one of them man did a
public issue huh well they don't have no public they got Albert Hine over there where by me
well what the hell is the other one? See I'm so glad that I brought this up not well whatever it
is what difference does it make what it is see how it's easy to get sidetracked kill some good
time I've learned but whatever it is on the back of there's Sirus presto presto changel give me
some cash whatever the thing is on the back they have honor systems they have ATM's all over the
guy they more they go to Italy you go to France you go to England you go to Netherlands anywhere you go
you over there with in the far east far west where there's a real there's a way with the kind
of technology we have now there is no excuse for this touching your mouth with paperbells
and looking for the hanging Chad this has got to be the dumbest thing I have ever seen in my life
the hanging Chad and two corners are hanging and then the portal is hanging how the hang in yeah
if you ever heard of anything so stupid in your life and not only that but they got these people
over the age of a hundred just like the poor workers in Palm Beach everybody's over the age of
150 and they're like hey is this a balance it was this is slice and I switch keys what is this
they didn't even know what the other looking at it seriously they could hold up a slice of
Swiss cheese if it had enough holes and they think they were looking at a ballot well I think
this one voted for Gar yeah whatever you say sweetheart esta here's Miami hello
yes good morning Anthony good morning to Sir
oh he included the voters petition the congress representative to expand flint and for former years
and we only wish and we drew all the Jeff Bush administration leader to recall them sounds
good to me yeah okay okay let's get Bob in there this is a bunch of who we that's right they're
like Bob I said I'm saying that why let's just not have anybody in there for the next four years
which is a big improvement of redo one of these guys we got to we're all get see that's the
thing this is really amusing in a way in a sick way is that we're all getting all exercised
and worked up about this and they both suck anyway because my vote was much more anti-busted
it was pro-Goran certainly wasn't a pro-Julyberman makes my skin crawl but the idea that we have
to be so enthusiastic about either one it's I would say that probably people are more enthusiastic
now because of all this division and the the hanky panky going on then they were before the
election but they want to vote oh here's James Baker again
hope that I should agree to accept the overseas
after this battle has a mid-night fight in accordance with the law
we have a check that the man was caught and is born
oh
11 22 at 5 60s W. Creme we got mad dogs mad at y'all
to be on for hanky get between two and six today you got to Lamar Thomas with mad dog at five
booster at six educated I attended at 10 to two with the overs and the unders
here's four water there well hey no eights don't all right uh there's an old saying a law if you
don't have the law you argue the facts if you don't have the facts you argue the law if you don't have
either you kick up dirt and these guys is calling they got the Republican a couple of things the
the waiter handle and it reminds me of the scene in the godfather where the law sitting around
figuring out how to knock off McCluskey and they and they you know they go well you can't kill a
cop and they go yeah well we got people on the pay-home we can we can kick up some dirt
a cookie cop what's that cookie cop we put we plant some sort so they've already baker comes on
today and says well we got problems overseas and the market's overseas so I thought was
interesting in the middle of his press conference baker said oh I got to go take a leak
he went in a toilet and I don't know when he was beating around and therefore he's
roping for something he's giving away he gave ten lots of they they had like a picture in the
English or the England paper others confusion in the United States there's all this in our
enemies and our allies and our this and our dad and thing and things it's ridiculous I mean pretty
good to go to bed last time I checked we had a president sitting right there in the oral office
doing his thing and everybody knows who he is he knows all the right names and I don't think
we have any problem with till January 20th I heard Karl Rove put out a put out a a tb for a
honored button man on the street good luck to watch that next okay let's remove this holes
yeah that's right let's let's let's let's we're gonna get it for crying out loud how come we're so
slow we need to call don't call your own health straighten this whole goddamn thing out
that's what we need Christ almighty motors now what's Bill hummers in here we're well
missing on selectivity and not fairness now whether or not big I'll see what his problem is that
they were too stupid that had to give within the 72 hour deadline after two they which means last
Friday they were too stupid as for the recounting the and their counties which were heavily Republican
like a little child in school in grade school yeah they're asking for recount and of course not
only are they heavily democratic counties but their counties where there was great suspected
hanky-panky were in an inordinate number many many tens of thousands of votes were overed and
underdiscounted and uh shmit camp but don't confuse him with the facts because he's got him on
gearing on his side here's Kendall hello hey me how's it going all right hey love you show yeah listen
a couple things first of all uh these Cubans have voted uh I don't remember the
way man hang on a second isn't that they were cheated out of their right to vote because of the
so-called butter and these county judges yesterday an emergency hearing that judge
said you could not deal with they don't want to touch it for certain reasons went to another judge
this morning that judge recused herself now a third judge of the homie county has also recused
himself we would be on to the fourth judge I don't know how many more judges there are left in
Palm Beach County Circuit Court to go through here uh but but the first three have now recused
themselves that's one set of legal action going on here other sets of legal action of course here
we are at the emergency operation center where they were expected to begin the manual recount of
the entire county's ballots this morning at seven a.m. that was put on hold and suspended because
of two differing legal opinions first the secretary of state the republican her legal opinion came
in saying they did not have the right to recount the votes the legal authority to do it because it
wasn't something wrong with the machine or the county equipment uh that led them to want to do a
complete recount then Bob Butterworth the attorney general who's a democrat said in his opinion
strictly an opinion that they did have the right to go ahead and do a recount so now the county
is going to circuit court seeking an opinion from a judge as to what they should do the democratic
party is also going to circuit court here and they are asking that the so-called pregnant chat
just a little pinpoint pricks in the uh uh got a kind of office at pinpoint pricks here by
the election workers because up until now the election workers have not been counting those
pregnant now let me ask you something if those ballots are pregnant and there's a fetish in
there how can we throw them out all you feel are you right wingers all you baby killers out there
we got pregnant chads and you want to toss them out shame on you twenty six after eleven and five
feet they got all these losses and they can't find a judge with a ball stick here any of them that's
the best part but Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixty few a half
if
if
if
Count the boat, count the boat, baby, count the boat, count the boat, over count the boat, count the boat, count the boat, over count the boat, count the boat, over count the boat, count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat, over count the boat
you've gotten more those old people seem to have one thing in common, look spark-life for them just keep their
little soup, Patrick you can end so I'd like to know who won the election, yes I'd like to know who won the election
Countable, countable, baby, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable
Countable and countable so you can countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable
Yes. See know who won the action
heieright baby
But of course that's all kind of a move point because they're going to have to wait 26 minutes
to hear what the judge has to say.
So they'd count it could recount it.
And of course that could be really, and I mean really, really interesting, fascinating
in Dave County.
Of course we know that we don't have no voter fraud in Dave County.
Okay, now what were you saying?
Hey, look at what I just want to say.
Three quick things.
Number one, jet bullshit, political career is over.
Yeah, I'm going to be like this proof of school after this.
Yeah, I'll tell you what number two is children that voted for Bush for your information.
Bush doesn't support affirmative action.
That's how much I check you are on minority.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, but they're here for immigration and we should toss that in, but they don't care.
Yep, the only reason why they vote for Bush is because they're voting for whoever is
best to fight Castro.
And they want to fight Castro, go to Cuba to fight Castro.
Yeah, don't fight it from over here.
Castro's not afraid to nobody with a big boil on his face.
I'll tell you that.
Exactly.
And that time I checked the Republican Party hasn't done anything for the Cuban because the
Republicans were the majority in Congress during the alien thing.
They could have thrown their weight around if they wanted to, which they didn't.
Yeah.
That's my check.
Jimmy Carter was a Democrat with the one that's not every vote.
I think the old Cubans won Lincoln DS, Vol. 3 president in the early and it was Anna
Dana to be vice president.
That would never happen.
They always had these bills to fight Castro when they were in a market.
They were open at Kendall Coffee with the president until all of a sudden they had to
become a minister.
And that's how my check.
It was a Democratic president in 1980, Jimmy Carter, who led into Mario Bolip.
It was a Democratic president, Bill Clinton, who said as long as the Cubans touched
American soil, they can save, but they don't remember that.
No.
That's confusing the fact.
Okay.
It says, unwavering supporters of either of these to political parties should be embarrassed
by the way they have carried on like crying children fighting in a sandbox.
Regardless of who becomes president of the act you as an American, can you be proud of
the circumstances of this fact?
I did not stick my instrument in that bush hole.
Oh, here's somebody devoted for Harry Brown.
He probed the Harry Bra Harry hole.
Well, he does say this even two in 2004.
Nice going Ken and Boca.
See, I like the fact that the Palm Beach ballot on the first line, it had that bush and
the arrow that went right over across to that dot, like directly across.
Here's Cape Coral.
Hello.
Hey, how are you going?
I'm alright.
I think I got this all figured out how to fix this whole marathon.
Okay, good.
First of all, I think what we're going to do is re-pint in there for the next four years.
Uh-huh.
We're going to go in there and it's a bush.
Right now, I think what we'll do is put in on toilet these tails.
Okay, great.
Five to go this tongue.
Five six seven oh five, fifty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and for rise of wireless
flying twenty four minutes to see we keep getting these deadlines and I get all booked up
and you know, and then all of a sudden, oh, it's been delayed again or the checks.
How would it be at noon or the judges are accused of it?
And probably what they meant is the judge excused himself to go take a crap or something
like that because he got the green apple crisp that they asked because all the pressure
is on his ass.
And you do understand, I hope that everybody who's listening to me at this moment does
understand that regardless of what ruling comes from any of these lower court judges,
that all of this is going to be Florida State Supreme Court.
You do understand that.
Oh, man.
So all these net worths, all these judge shows that they're peeling into insignificance.
Channel seven, all these other channels that got the 85 different judge shows, the hang
in judge and judge duty, the a psychotic man hitting bitch judge, all of these other
phonies.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Because it's going to the Florida and the F and Supreme Court, which is good because
that'll give us some time to make up some more phony ballots.
23 before noon at 560 WQM, hey, win a free career.
Yes, it's true.
Fast rain will be given away at complete Microsoft Certified Sifons Engineer Program.
The winner will receive the complete Microsoft Education Track, Aller Zanz and Job Placement.
In the register, all you have to do is go to www.fast train.net.
Depending on your qualifications, this contest could put over 250 grand in your pocket during
the next five years.
Fast train is the top career networking education center.
Fast train can provide you the training to become a Microsoft Certified Sifons Engineer.
The average MCSC, like I've been telling you, is making 67-5 a year and lots of folks
making much more than that.
So if you'd like to change your life, it's fast train with convenient day evening and
weekend classes.
And when you think of theater training, you ought to be thinking about fast train with
convenient offices both in date and in power.
Change your life now, call full free 877-98 train.
That's 877-98 train or check out that website www.fast train.net.
This is 560-Q-A-S.
First, the guy keeps sucks, okay?
He's got a big heart on it.
I'm with 72 votes in our poll so far.
How interested are you now in the outcome of this election?
Still very interested 80 out of 172.46 and a half percent.
Sick of it.
Dinner over with already 54, 31 and third percent.
Getting less interested by the day 38, 22 percent.
So it's almost like half and half between those who are still blue to this, who can't get
enough of it.
And the rest of us are saying, oh, enough.
So Dave County.
Music.
Oh, yes, for manual recap.
A lot of consulting to everyone's intelligence that he would think that's actually a compromise.
If he's like, Dixis raises the ire of everybody, including Cynthia Ocmi, who's a formal
federal prosecutor, MSNB, and she wanted to get in on it before I could even introduce
her.
And it comes as a better dot-com.
Bill Damien, Goura Read Count Team, expected a special NDC.
The Goura Read Count Team.
Maybe the Panthers could play the Goura Read Count Team, although I don't think they could
beat them yet.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Uncle Neil.
How you doing?
I do.
Listen, you were serious about the search.
I was just recusing himself.
Yes, I know it sounds ridiculous, but it was right there from the horses' abut.
Well, I just wanted to say something.
Then I want to ask the question of how they explain why they recuse themselves.
The reason I asked is that I look at the five o'clock this morning because I couldn't
sleep at night.
My radio was tuned to the morning edition show on NPR.
And someone once talking head was saying, I think the returbedness of done themselves
with this service, because in this judge's decision, I had already said three days before
that, look, that's a rush.
We got to Friday.
So he recuse himself.
And the second one, you said, don't quarrel, maybe he got a bomb threat, and now they're
going to find the third one.
The question is, can they just keep using judges until five o'clock?
I think that's the game time by the voice people.
I will.
Thank you.
It's gotten us much better.
I'm listening for a horse that's dead, man.
The one that's dead.
I think that's coming at Newton.
Instead of the judge, we're just going to see a horse's head.
Let's hear it.
Why do they have the shoes on themselves?
You know?
They're happening so fast.
They don't have time to tell us.
I think it's called lack of co-horns is what it's called.
Or like you said, maybe somebody made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
I'm telling you, drop, plug in the oil.
Let's hold air, whatever.
Hang in there.
Bye bye.
I'm sure it's providing a lot of fodder for the mill.
And like ends of the baker said, for your fodder, for your fodder.
Yeah, that's what he said.
Oh, good.
Wow.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18 and 20 and Verizon wireless line.
My already twisted brain is just whatever is left of it.
It's crumbling as you can hear.
Here's a mobile and TV.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
I'm hanging in there.
I'm doing the best I can.
Yeah, I guess I could say the same.
I love your show.
I listen to it watch.
I listen all the time.
But I heard you say something and I'm kind of like nervous about this statement.
Yes.
And some people in the media also saying it.
They're trying to imply or mentioning fraud coming into this.
And I don't see that.
You don't see that?
I don't see any fraud.
What about fraud?
Let me ask you this.
How about in New Mexico, for example, where they had 350 some ballots, hand ballots that
were torn or ripped or they were first disqualified and then they stuck them off at a corner
somewhere and then somebody said, oh, let's go ahead and count them anyway.
And then Bush was ahead by 17 votes.
And now they just thought 500 other gold ballots that had been stuck off at a corner
somewhere and they said, well, let's move out of count those.
Now, Gore's ahead in New Mexico.
I mean, I don't know.
Well, you described that as fraud, but certainly something really fishy here.
Well, I just think it's human error.
Human error?
Yeah.
I don't think anybody's deliberately trying to sway anything.
No, OK.
But how could that?
I mean, do you think that Jeff Bush would risk his life and his career and want to go to jail?
How about the ballot and Palm Beach sits in illegal ballots?
Well, that was also what you see.
I remember that was approved by a democry.
No, but it doesn't make any difference to approve.
The fact is that the voters have a right to have their vote count.
It doesn't make any difference to the person approved.
It was a democry, the Republican and Martian.
The voters have a right to have their vote count.
But yeah, but it was a legal.
It was just a mistake though.
Well, you said just a mistake.
There's like, you know, half a million votes up there in Palm Beach County.
Right.
Well, I agree.
I agree that it's totally stupid, but to say it's a fraud you want to act, I don't know.
I think we're seeing a series of fraudulent acts.
All those votes that disappeared in Voluzia County, those bags of votes,
and then they mysteriously showed up again hours later.
I didn't hear like that.
Well, there you go. That's only one.
No, I know.
It's got to be...
Not to mention the absentee ballots that already were...
The applications already filled out and sent ahead,
and all the people I do was sign their name.
I don't know about either.
Well, there you go.
Like, yeah, I don't think it's deliberate though.
I don't think it's deliberate though.
No, somebody filled out those ballots all accidentally.
Okay, thank you. It's all by accident.
Now I feel better.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 12 minutes...
What is it? Yeah, 12 minutes to go.
Not that it's going to happen exactly at noon, but it could.
Oh, I'm getting goosebumps.
Are you getting goosebumps?
No, I didn't think so. I'm not either.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
You?
Yes, ma'am.
I think that somebody asked for judges to refuse him or herself,
or any reason the judges have to refuse themselves.
Uh-huh.
So maybe both sides just to keep going,
and they'll find a judge that they like.
Well, you know, that's the way it fits.
Or maybe a judge that wants a slump with Captain Harris.
That's the reason.
I mean, they don't have to give a reason for refusing themselves.
If anybody has any reason to ask for judges to do so,
the judge must do so.
The judge doesn't have any discretion.
Okay. All right.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, goodbye.
You have the six cases in Palm Beach County Stalled Monday
after Circuit Judge Steven Ratman.
He was the first one to re-choose himself.
He disqualified himself amid allegations that he recently made
discouraging comments about Democrats,
Hillary Clinton, and people who had problems with the ballot.
And that's the kindest way to describe that.
Judge Rat, the Ratman judge.
Here's the mobile and cross-springs, huh?
And you all have to go on. All right.
Yes, you guys want to say it, graded.
Go Dolvin, like that.
What's up with these Republicans?
It's funny, they're so angry.
It's for the recount.
They think they're push one.
Because they're ahead right now, so they want to wrap it up.
Wrap this baby up there.
Afraid of what else might be coming.
What are we going to do?
Fuck if you're ahead.
Like if you're ahead at the end of the third quarter by a field goal,
let's call the game off right now.
Like the Dolphins and the Jet's games.
Exactly. There you go. Good example.
Hey, I just want to say,
oh, yeah.
Hey, remember that card?
What's the F-koing on with Dave and Broward?
Yeah.
How can I have it?
I want to, I like to hear that.
And remember when Craig were they going to stroke on the air?
Maybe you have that somewhere in the background.
And I just want to say to George.
Maybe you can say my brother Donnie and George are both Duke's.
Okay.
What the fuck's going on with Dave and Broward?
Okay, now he feels better.
Feel better?
Squared, squared, good.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Do we ever get information from the nephew where the hell they went?
George?
Yeah.
Well, I'd like to promote the fact that Joe Costello went somewhere
from between two in Kendall.
But they were going to have a lot of hair.
They haven't called in yet.
Well, how am I supposed to know?
Put on my little thinking tab.
Because the nephew said it might be the shell station down there
by the town of Cuffee Mall.
It might be.
I hear it, I hear it.
It might be.
It could be, but we're not too sure.
They're going to be there from noon to two, somewhere in Kendall.
Just drive around.
You'll find a QM van.
With the best of the old stuff, the key chains are cassette CDs, T-shirts, for a plan
per unit, which we did good yesterday.
And the audience really came to you for us yesterday.
We got our $1,000 even in two hours.
Not bad.
We got a long way to go.
And don't forget, you can pick up your best of the old CDs and cassettes
and all the expectors all over the end.
And the April's in Fort Myers.
Yes, and candle shell stations.
The shell station by the town of Cuffee Mall.
I just don't have any effects.
Yes.
The turning.
They're working on that.
Well, if they're at the shell station by the town of Cuffee Mall,
is it a shell station that doesn't have an address?
Is that what you tell me?
Well, they don't know.
Is that an on-kindle drive?
I am sure.
Yeah.
And town of Cuffee is like at 127.
I know exactly what it is having lived down there for five long, excruciating years.
That was okay.
That's why I got up.
It just was impossible.
No matter where you wanted to go, you couldn't get there from Kendall.
Because you couldn't get out.
Here's Wilton Manners.
Oh, well.
Yeah, let's go back to the electoral college for a moment.
Okay. Right now, Gore has 262.
Right.
If you give him New Mexico, that's 262.
No, that's part of the 262.
It is.
Yes.
Oh, well.
Oh.
Oregon.
If Oregon comes in for Gore, he's at 262.
That's part of the 262.
Oregon's counted for Gore right now.
Uh-huh.
It's except for MSNBC.
They keep showing bushes ahead in Oregon by 4,000, which he's not.
It's Gore's always been ahead since the counting by about almost 5,000.
Oregon's in the college.
He's part of the 262.
Oh, well, let's give Jim Baker a lot of credit for trying to poison the American population by cheating by him.
Keep bringing up mischief.
Yeah.
That's that's really a healthy way to approach this.
So in other words, we can trust machines.
Even though we know that machine, these machines that kind of balance have a 2 to 5% error rate, we can trust the machines, but we can't trust the people counting the votes.
Even though we've got 17 people looking over their shoulders, Republicans, Democrats, Native people, Harry Brown people, other Harry people like Ron Jeremy.
We got 80 trend, the media in there watching, but we're supposed to believe there's hanky-panky going on.
poisoning the well for America.
Right.
Well, that's what he does best.
Thank you, sir.
And that's what Heinrich Himmler taught him well.
Remember that song by Cosby Swole and Nice.
Teacher or not, he's well teacher Hitler youth well five.
That's what they do at Palm Beach Atlantic University five six seven oh five 60.
Count five 60 on the air.
We only got seven minutes to go.
I can't stand it.
I can't deal with them.
I'm coming out of the pressure.
And what's he saying?
The compromise proposal that Secretary for the Secretary of State James Baker proposed in Tallahassee.
That proposal is suggesting should we not just accept the count as a five to end the deadline to wait and finish the absentee?
No.
And go ahead with this.
No.
That was the suggestion from former Secretary of State James Baker.
Uh huh.
The other suggestion though that was outlined today in a story in Los Angeles Times suggested from the Democrats camp,
although that wasn't confirmed by William Daly.
He said on the today show you the importance of the campaign proposal.
But it essentially outlines a proposal and a compromise whereby they would all accept the decisions of the outcome.
If all counties in Florida underwent a hand recount and both of those parties could have by by.
I hate to break the news here sweetheart, but all counties don't go by by paper ballots.
Only 28 counties in Florida.
The other 39 do not.
They had those optical scanners.
So really, you know, we'll take maybe a week, 10 days, whatever.
What do you say?
Should we go along with that?
Have all the counties that had paper ballots go ahead and recount in Florida?
Why not?
Even though the Republicans didn't get the request from recounting.
Just out of fairness.
Let's go ahead and do it.
Oh, here's the rewind in the tape.
Nice job here, MSNBC.
Thank you.
I want to thank the reporters on Capitol Hill with regard to this proposal.
And like I said before, don't forget you did say earlier on the today show that he and the team knew nothing about the Los Angeles Times story
and the proposal that apparently had come from the Democratic camp with regard to a compromise from their side that suggested the Bush camp except along with them a recount of all of the votes in Florida on manually.
Okay, pretty hard to manually do the ones in the optimal scanner, but nevertheless, no confusing with the fact.
1155, we're getting pretty close, baby.
You can almost smell it at QAM.
This is 560, QAS, Fort radio 560, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale, a feasibly broadcast group stage hand, WQAM.com, with a world.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
In his courtroom, everyone has the right to a fair trial, but if they're proven wrong, he has the right to make them get down.
Judge James Brown.
Judge, this is a matter of Adams versus Smith.
Thank you, Miss Alex.
Now then, Miss Alex, you did him in his mid, though they wanted him.
Yes, that's right, your honor.
And, Miss Alex, what was that?
In the wallet, $200 in cash and all my credit cards.
Good God.
Uh-huh, now that I have this in it, did you get it in there?
Yes, your honor.
I did take this wallet, but it's already because of you.
Stop it now.
What you just did, man, what was it?
I guess I don't really know your honor.
Well, now Judge James Brown, say, you're not not mad enough.
Who I do?
I don't know.
All I can say is I'm sorry.
Well, now that Judge James, it's a problem with his own property.
You give the man back to money, give him back to water.
Judge, my fault is in it.
And this Judge is done in sentence of OVU.
Get on up, get on up.
Get on up.
Get on up.
I see you.
Get off my hands, I'm on the back.
The one who's in the hands, well, get down on you.
Judge James Brown.
It's a problem.
We're waiting, baby.
In fact, this is Bill Daly saying...
Vice President has paid repeatedly not about the individuals,
but about a folding system of democracy, which is based upon the right to vote,
and have our vote accurately counted.
And that's what's going on in Florida.
And we should allow that process to be...
Yeah, we've heard it a million times, okay?
Let's get to the judge.
Let's get this ruling.
I'll read it a minute after 12.
And we're sitting here hanging on the edge of our seats.
Some people are changing their damn diapers every two or three minutes.
And this story that I read at the beginning of the show about John Ellis,
the cousin of the Bush.
The Bush cousin who worked for Fox and was on the phone.
See, I'm surprised.
He didn't come on here on Fox 215 to say,
oh, well, my cousin told me that George won.
But anyway, it says,
Ellis's projection was crucial because Fox News Channel put Florida
in the W. column at 215, followed by NBC, CBS, CNN, ABC,
within four minutes.
That decision was sure out to be wrong and was retracted by the embarrassed network
less than two hours later,
created the impression that version won the White House.
But my brother told me I won.
Here's the solution to the whole problem.
A brilliant factor, rights.
I think he's got a sum on it.
It says,
Dress both candidates in skirts and beanies,
lock them away in separate rooms,
pick 101 people at random,
whether it's selected or winner,
send up a smoke signal.
I have.
I, you know, something I think that's magnificent.
Of course, we know what that smoke signal is from.
That's Bob's.
Bob's.
Yeah, they got the good read over there in the Vatican.
Believe me.
A lot of the fortunate guys taking it for the best.
So there you go.
The beat goes on.
We're still sitting here waiting and waiting and waiting.
I'm going back to MSNBC.
I don't trust the,
in fact,
I think the Fox people,
whatever happens with their,
they're just make something up.
Shoot.
That was put forward by the Secretary of State.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bill Dele.
Once you go home, Bill Dele,
get out of our face already.
You and take James Baker with you.
We're secondary to both of you guys.
And that's why we owe a little Casper.
Here, what did I call him?
Chasper?
No, not Casper Weinberger.
No, toast.
Casper, no, toast.
Not so far.
The message I got from it was steady as she goes, actually.
One thing that is interesting is the very first question
and the very last question in that very brief news conference
in the Capitol here was about the possibility of a statewide recount
in Florida, of course, an idea floated.
Yeah, floated.
So, okay, we don't want to hear about floaters, all right?
And I still got that one in my eye.
We don't want to hear about floaters.
We want to hear from the judge.
It's this Florida judge expected to roll shortly on vote recount deadline.
Hang on tight.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Why are we sitting around talking here?
By the way, Miami Day, a brief to a recount.
Yeah, I know that.
Oh, you do know that.
Yeah, we had that on.
We had it on immediately.
Okay, one topic.
These judges up in Palm Beach that refused to hear the case.
Yeah.
Which case is that?
The first, it was the eight cases that were filed
by the individual voters.
Oh, okay.
And then there are also, there's a suit on the fact that Palm Beach has
to stop the hand job.
Stop the hand job.
The hand job.
Right in the middle, which of course is not very exciting.
And so now we got another judge that's got a rule on whether they can continue.
And of course, it's all mood, all pending on what this other, this circuit judge is going
on.
If he ever opens up his mouth in two or three minutes.
Now, did you already say we should make them an offer they can't we choose?
Yes.
You just say that.
Yes, I do.
I have one final question.
This is important.
You know that Puff, uh, uh, Puff filled ooze on, um, that boil on Georgia's face?
Yes, I do.
Um, did you, I think it's a common knowledge that Fat Kick-Bot has a pile of night-o-sister,
Captain, out of the military?
Yeah.
Do you see any relationship there?
I could be.
Maybe they're rubbing their zits together.
I think so.
Okay.
Another one of those deals for, uh, Jack Webb and Shilah Holmes.
Well, now they went to commercial.
I hate that.
God.
This is getting ridiculous.
I mean, just when we think something's going to happen.
Another break already?
Yeah, they're doing another commercial break here on MSNBC.
There'll be one in trouble.
It was a bad man in a cheer, I miss.
Who never met a fascist he didn't like.
Well, I wonder what, what got to him?
Was it the religion thing?
Was it the mirroring that?
The New Death Experience.
The New Death Experience.
The New Death Experience.
Sooner, middle of religious nut.
And if he don't stop to be between his goddamn baby, what is he?
110?
He's got that little baby running around.
And then he's a brother Fred.
Do you see something about the, he bought the farm and Fred's been a burium?
I think that's what he said this morning.
God.
$60.
$60 bucks out there at the thing.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
All right.
I got the solution for it all.
We still got time.
Thursday nights, Smackdown, Gorne Bush, and each corner.
And special guest referee, Jesse DeBite, Ventura.
Not a bad idea.
Let's get this circus over.
Okay.
Let's put it on MTV.
That's what I say.
Celebrity vote match.
Huh?
Now what did you just say, only moment ago that I can't keep track of all of us.
I'm just losing it.
That what?
Something about this?
Oh no, bucks this year.
I want to give you a shot.
Well, Christel, almighty, we're raising money for plant parent who that's more important than this group of the election.
The QA and van, the Joe Costello and the Zafi with him or is he, he's with him.
You can just go down there and say goodbye.
Bye bye, nephew.
Good luck and congratulations for getting out of here.
There were the QA and van, a hundred seventeen in Kendall Drive and the shell station by the time I cut you off with the annual Roger stuff.
And we got sixty bucks already and they just barely got there because you know they stopped for a fast food.
Florida County has to meet a five PM deadline to submit their vote for certification.
It's a decision that could have a major impact on who the next president of the ninth state.
I'm going to be a governor's president right now.
We're not going back to past.
Now let me turn back to past.
Don't make it up.
They get a really, really, really nice.
Let us make it up.
Question.
I said, you see I'm John Siggins-Gollar and this is the battle for the White House.
Our coverage of the White House is going down.
The focus right now is on Tallahassee, Florida.
A circuit judge there is supposed to make an announcement in just a few post minutes and it will determine whether or not the hand counts in the state of Florida.
At least some of the hand counts will continue.
At least he's Christiancing.
Is standing by Tallahassee to bring up the date on all of this.
Yeah, bring yourself today, Chris.
Come on.
Hi, John.
Leon County Circuit Judge Terry Lewis has expected that any minutes has 10-doubted decisions.
Any minute.
No question asked by the Gore team is this.
Can we have an extension on the deadline?
Can we have just a couple of these five across today for the reporting of final callings by all the counties in Florida.
Now, obviously the ones that are really in question here are the ones that have not yet finished the manual recounts.
So a lot of the tension yesterday inside the courtroom focused on this one question.
It was an argument made by both the Democrats and it was also used by the judge in questioning the Republican lawyers.
He wanted to know and this was a direct quote from the judge last night.
What's the good of doing a certification ahead of time?
His weapon was to another deadline.
As you will know, John, there is a midnight Friday deadline for the final accounting of overseas ballots.
So the Democrats asked the question, what's the rush?
You can't have a final number.
You can't have a final certification until then anyway.
Right.
We're waiting to see what the judge has to say.
In either case, we've gotten indications from both sides that this ruling will be a peel, John.
Let me, as I can, try to straighten this out.
That's what the Volusia County was the one that went to this judge and asked.
Right.
Okay, we'll forget.
John, say the dollar's on.
Just kill him time.
Just talk and crap.
And how, and the Volusia County finished account, right?
Or almost so.
No, no, they finished account.
I'm sure of that.
I will fix it.
Well, they were finished with all the regular votes and they had the 29,000 absentee ballots to count.
But how come we, how come they're not showing a different count?
It's not 388 anymore.
I don't think they're done.
Volusia.
Oh, there's still, there's still a punch in some holes in some ballots.
Whatever they need.
Okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
A new.
Yes, sir.
What's going on with these babies, though?
Why is this real voting on us on American election?
What do you mean, is real voting because they want to fix it?
And then we got a bunch of air votes.
You, Jack Ass, it's Americans who are in Israel.
You idiot.
God, is it possible to be that stupid?
Oh, it is.
Why is Israel voting?
Because it's a bunch of Jews and they like the Democrats.
That's why.
So mind your own business.
Nine minutes after you're known at five, 60, double, your horse, the bullset and the baker just said before wait till those votes come in from Germany.
He said they will vote for us.
That's what he said.
Something as we have days.
Yeah.
We have a reason of making sure that they do it right.
Now what he said.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
Five, 60s, Q, A, M.
Oh, I've had to go home.
I leave a minute.
But I can't tell.
I'm stuck to rain.
I'm stuck to my home.
And I don't know anything.
Is that right?
I put down.
Did I draw it right?
I don't know.
Don't know what the hell like I've got to found it.
It's all going to cost you.
But just they'll give that the day my bow.
I'm fixing the cold.
So my brother will win.
Just like John Burr, World Country, like Mexico.
I'm going to be down with this guy.
I'm going to be down with this guy.
I'm going to be down with this guy.
I'll spend the whole night with him.
And I'll throw this.
I'm going to be down with this guy.
I'm going to be down with this guy.
I can't tell anything.
.
Can I get it?
belt
isprosm Congrats.
Half amp price as well.
My father.
Yeah.
We know that the off-the-diosks are going to be the little Friday. So is there really this necessity to
Shintown in counting until it's a one more question of one little bit of food.
I'm sure that's coming out to say that live from this. What is the legal recourse?
The Jaggi Yankee off their roads and running.
And appeal on the making floor of the city. I'm appealing myself, that's me.
That they have the option of going right to the Florida Supreme Court.
All right. I want to go now to Broward County.
Let's go to Broward County. How many votes?
Go to Broward County.
Go to Broward County.
By hand. Joining us on the phone is CNN Susan Candy.
I mean, for Waterdale Florida.
So waterdale.
Good afternoon, Frank.
We just heard a little while ago that in just a few minutes at the bottom of the hour here,
the Broward County canvassing board is going to be holding a meeting.
The board consists of three people.
This is the board that last night decided not to do a total hand-breed
bill of Democratic-Breds that there had run in the water.
Thousands of votes in here without a laundry.
One of the shareholder Republicans have an important time here.
Is meeting just prior to an emergency hearing at 2 o'clock this afternoon
that was instigated to and ordered by a Brown Circuit judge.
That was because of a request from Attorney's Record,
presenting the Democratic Party here in Broward County
that are asking for a total hand-recount.
What a hand job it is.
The Democrats want this because they believe that the canvassing board's decision
voted 2 to 1 to Republicans, 1 Democrat, against a total recount.
The Democrats say that that is unfair,
that the 1% of the votes that were recounted in some precinct
turned up for additional votes for Vice President Gore
and the Democrats are arguing that based on that and considering a rate of error
that a total recount had yielded up to hundreds of the additional votes
for Vice President Gore.
Now the Republicans are arguing that all of this is amounting to a niche
now for various arguments.
And they say that the Democrats are simply shopping for additional votes
and they'll be happy until Democrats get the kind of resell
that they want.
They got the sharing coming up at 2 o'clock and the canvassing board
me now, they started to do it at 12.
They fixed it fair and square.
Who the hell with Democrats to be trolling for votes now?
See what it really boils down to is that the Bush people know that they lost this state.
There is no crisis.
There's no difference than a one day ago.
They know they lost this state.
They lost the election.
They lost the popular vote.
And they want to find a way to find one of their buddies like Catherine Harris
and say, okay, this is it.
I'm exercising my authority and five o'clock it's either here or up to you
and that's it and that's over with.
Glad to whistle now.
Right.
Even though there's time on the clock.
Well, this and then of course they don't realize that by midnight Friday
when the 70 ballots come in, the 24 million from Israel,
they might not like the result.
But too bad.
Potentially for errors that the machine didn't pick up any votes at all.
And so they think that a manual recount could turn up additional votes
for either candidate.
Manuals returning.
And the audience thought, let her down now to West Palm Beach, Florida.
Yeah.
Cardwell, he's the former director of the Florida division of elections.
A lot of.
County judge with.
I thought that was.
Valucade knows.
Every time I turn on.
They got another.
Right now that you could have charted this this.
A territory you're on now.
I you heard.
Yeah, you've heard from our correspondence all over David and you know what's
coming down, you know, through the legal channels today.
Is there anything that you can anticipate at this point based on.
What county officials are saying what state officials are saying are you
completely in the dark?
We are completely in the dark.
I say we can anticipate something that's never been done before because that's
sort of been the.
The rule so far that we are into areas where there is no real legal precedent or
certainly no strong legal precedent.
We've never had a situation like this in Florida.
We've had election contest and numerous occasions, but customarily they've
been at the local level for local races.
In fact, the the statute that sets such issue today to stop the deadline was
enacted because counties were taking so long getting their election turns
in because of really localized times as that it was affecting the
certification of legislative races where the legislature takes off
this two weeks after the election.
That was really why the one week was selected so we could get the
legislature in place and the exception was was our so-called
hurricane exception.
But we've never had anything like this.
What is the precedent of this statute?
It's really intended to try to get the returns in as quickly as possible
while providing a reasonable period of time to resolve all contest.
Manual recounts have typically been just in a single county and we're
able to be completed on time.
The closest we've been to this situation was in 1988 and the US Senate
election of Connie Mack over Buddy McKay, which went right down to the
wire in their protest and contest file there which dealt with election
machinery and the layout of the ballot.
And just want to remind our viewers David Codwell that we are waiting
literally anymore.
Yeah, we're still waiting any more.
You hear that?
Frank says no.
Says any moment.
Do we believe that?
No.
I have a sinking feeling in a pit of my stomach two o'clock comes when I
get out of here and man this comes in and they're still going to be saying
any second now any minute now.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Weston got that radio just blaring in the back.
Lasting it.
Weston.
Hey, now, yes, sir, I want to talk about the House of Representatives.
Yeah, about the 13 House managers and just for your information that 11 of
them ran for their seat again in the House of Representatives.
Yeah, I have them one.
10 of them won.
10 of them like retain your seat.
And what about Bill McCollum and ran for the Senate and lost?
Well, that's I said there was 13.
Yeah, who ran for their seat and what about the actual broken California?
He's the only one who lost.
Yeah, that's good.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Well, one, I wouldn't what is that supposed to prove?
Is that prove anything?
No, it improves.
He likes a penis.
Or part of that anyway, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
I was talking about several open lines here and we need to do a kill some good
time here because this is a little hot in the China.
And both of you should know that same.
Same what he's always got on his foot.
Like he knows something but he ain't telling the way out.
Say the goal folks, but politically, both in China.
Oh, just bagged.
Okay, they're just doing the same thing we are.
They're just killing time.
They're just dying waiting for this court ruling.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Okay, well, this is this is exciting.
This is even more exciting than alien.
Yes, it is.
Well, this should definitely kill some time.
Yeah.
I hate to do it, but I have the sort of like a change of subject, even though I think it's appropriate.
Change the subject.
Well, you love this.
Yeah.
I thought I heard you say that you cured your IBS.
Yeah.
How did you do it?
I didn't say I cured it.
It just went away.
Did you do anything for it to go away or just went away?
Well, I took that stuff.
Meta-musel?
No, not Meta-musel.
That nature and healthy twin of these stuff.
What's the name of it again?
Nature and healthy Trinity have cost an arm and leg, but it's good stuff.
They're the capsules.
You want the number?
Please.
1800.
992.
3323.
992.
332323.
I will admit that my kiskeys are twisted right now, but that's from the election, not from my IBM.
This is actually I think I got to go.
Okay, good luck.
All right, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Take two and call us tomorrow.
Yeah, we're still waiting.
We're still faith-popping.
Yeah, okay.
Let's pot it up again.
See what they're saying.
I'm almost, not quite, but I'm almost ready to get to that point where I'm going to say,
I don't give a sh** anymore.
I'm almost at that point.
I guess, you know, it's too much, too much either Schmidt or get off the pot.
That's my suggestion to all of these guys.
Do something.
Recound or don't recount or do something.
Including this damn judge, and now he hits 1224.
And you watch where we're going to get caught in the middle of a commercial break, you know what?
No matter when I do it, we're going to get caught right in the middle.
But we're going to watch it.
Millen anyway.
Here's a lady mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay.
I want you to know that I am a long time listener and I love your show.
Of course.
You are just outstanding.
I am.
You are.
I believe you.
And my greatest president likes her somebody just to be one of your key pains that talks to me.
So I can kill your left grip like a...
Oh, right.
Excellent.
Okay, now what I want to tell you is I really almost went off the road.
And you were talking about the pregnant sh**.
How can these people be that hypocritical?
I mean, aren't they the right to life or is there what?
That's right.
Here we got maybe a little fetus growing in those cheds and they want to cross them.
That's right.
I thought I would go off the road.
That was the best thing I ever heard on my video.
But, Chad, have you ever heard of anything so stupid in all your life?
This is...
I'm not any of you.
You know what the problem is because the media repeats these things.
They say somebody says them and they repeat them and the public says, oh yeah, that's a good point too.
There may be a little indentation in there.
Can you tell me what the difference is between a pregnant one and a post one?
I mean, what does it mean?
Well, it has to be a poke before it gets pregnant as well.
I guess right.
I was giving you that line.
It's a setup.
Wow.
Thanks very much.
Thanks for not taking it.
Okay.
See ya.
Take care.
I'm done.
Take that feather out.
Okay.
Okay, see ya.
Well, she's bound up like a snared rum.
So, Frank says no, it's saying, oh, they're going to break it.
We are too.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh!
Ah!
I can't take it.
26 past no to 5, 60 WQM.
If you find yourself working in the mirror, wonder whether we're...
Oh, wait a minute.
See, they picked me up.
Oregon now.
An unofficial tally there shows Gora Head by about 4,700 boats.
That would be enough to avoid an automatic week.
Oh, you notice they got in the Mexico back.
At least she and ends got away.
They got in the Mexico back in the Goracolum because they found those 500 boats.
Under somebody's armpit, they found about 20 of them and somebody...
Correct them.
But they found them.
Five minutes later, the hells are going to take this.
Well, I...
Okay, 12, 30, at 5, 60 WQM.
The nephew was out there along with Joe Castello and the QM van to get lonely.
And they're bugging us.
They're out there in a candle.
117th Avenue in candle drive in the shell station.
The back...
Are you saying it's in the back of the shell station? Is that what you're looking for?
By the town of Country Mall 117th in candle drive with all the best of the eel stuff, including those nifty...
They're just about starting in the surf.
Key chains and TVs and cassettes and all that good stuff.
Only got 100 bucks and a half an hour.
Not too great.
Not too exciting, guys.
Once they had 50 in the first three or four minutes.
So let's get with it.
Just go get a search party.
Maybe you'll find them.
Meantime, are they doing anything on this judge?
No.
No.
And I'm getting really tired looking to find, says, okay, that right now.
Yes, they support for the Vice President.
Re-count is underway in Dave County.
They're already starting.
They're doing it. They're recounting.
In fact, some of those dead people are dead again.
Is what I'm hearing.
Any moment.
Over just full dead.
Washington.
Burden approved.
Thanks for coming.
Oh, Burden approved.
So we're going to Brad.
I want to see these people.
They make me sick of my stomach.
Burden this.
356 is MSNBC and here's John Sikantala.
Who talks too much?
God.
And Chris, do we have any idea about the delay here?
We don't have any idea about the delay.
They gave us a two minute warning about 10 minutes ago, John.
Two minute warning.
Literally.
We have folks standing in the middle.
I have a producer who has a phone to each year.
And as soon as we get it, we'll give it to you.
I just want to go back.
So if I can for a second, to what you were saying about the public relations war
that is going on here because former Secretary of State James Baker
was in this room just a short time ago.
And he put forth a proposal that he said to put an end to all this.
He said basically both parties agreed to accept the final vote count
at five o'clock today and accept the overseas ballot.
Call it on Friday.
And in return.
But I just heard that it would have been before.
The Republicans will accept the manual vote recounts up until the statutory deadline
if the war campaign accepts all of this proposal.
So we also made some remarks and he said let me quote him now.
This would be the best course for the nation as a whole.
More and more weekly uncertainty and financial markets and overseas.
And he was asked more about that.
Well, I'm sure he doesn't know.
I'm not going to listen to him.
All he's going to say is.
Yeah.
I have the doubts up 100 that I asked up 118.
So what is he talking about?
It looks like any uncertainty there to me.
It looks like everything's going just hunky-dory, Jimmy.
Maybe so put your swath finger back in your pants and put the clap.
And you just heard a response from his Democratic counterpart.
He said look, this isn't about the political situation.
This is about earnings reports.
So we're continuing to hear the spending going on on both sides.
Well, they wait as we are for this legal decision.
I'm trying to get some feel for the compromise here that James Baker was talking about.
He said accept the deadline at five o'clock.
Accept absentee.
No, that's deadline and certification at the end of the week.
So what was the compromise that they would drop their federal court pursuing anything in the federal court?
Yeah, but two things.
One is that they would do that.
But the other thing that they had not been offered.
Get the same SMS in BCL.
Let's get the burden approved.
Let's get the commercial break.
Can you believe that?
Can you believe that?
CNN?
We're waiting on our hands and knees here.
Another break already?
Yeah, they're doing commercials there on CNN.
They got some freaking nerve.
Get the commercial break over and get these guys there.
They got some illegal giggles on there right now.
Come on.
Get with it.
There you go, huh?
Nice talk up.
It's a Gourmet campaign.
It accepts this.
Oh, I will not leave him on here.
I'm sorry.
Heinrich Himmler does not speak on the Miar Rogers long.
It's on you that right now.
Just look at him.
Man, can't you see him getting ready to stoke those ovens right now?
Yeah, in my opinion, an accurate description.
Of the laws of Florida.
And again, the laws of Florida will be determined by the court.
Yeah, they're just pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
We got judges recusing themselves running down the hall,
running to the toilet.
What do you say, five for five?
I bet you that federal building there, that courthouse in Palm Beach.
I bet you there's a long line at that men's room.
That's your bucket.
Here's burden approved.
Where's OJ?
OJ!
You know something, I'm hearing that they're going to prepare the whole set of cars off.
They're going to say, where's the winner?
Oh, dead.
Oh, welcome to burden approved.
I'm in West Palm Beach, Florida.
Where today the West Palm Beach campus board has to send it.
It's manual recount.
Yeah.
But the major developments are occurring right now in the California Hall of Haths.
Morning, James Baker, observer for the Bush campaign,
held a press conference in Tallahassee,
and urged the Gore camp to accept today's 5 p.m. deadline
and put a deal on the table.
I'm sending it again.
He ain't getting on the, I will not put that voice on here.
Up, up, up yours.
Okay, where we going?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
They found two votes in date colony, absentee,
and the first vote of the first ballot.
What?
With a name, Mangle, and the other one with a name, Agman.
The first count on the absentee ballot.
They have 20 ballots.
With the Syrian number that doesn't exist,
name and address is a dozen exist.
Are you serious?
I absolutely serious.
How do you call that?
Because they said that yesterday in the six o'clock news,
obviously you don't do only listen to reccentes.
No, I've been not listening to reccentes.
That was probably a hot evening.
Got you, press.
Well, but that's what happened.
Let me tell you what happened yesterday,
the most popular talk show at night.
Two old people called both of them were inspectors
in some of these voting precincts.
They get the name, the precinct number where they work,
and they were so proud that they were with...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Hang on.
And either way, the judge decides on this.
Okay, go ahead and come over.
They were very proud that they were able to help the old people
to vote that were brought to the precinct from nursing home.
Quotes.
Some of these people did not read in English or Spanish.
Some of the people could not see the ballot to vote.
And some of the people did not know where they were.
So they got into the voting booth with them and voted
according to their instructions.
Of course, it totally illegal.
Absolutely.
They gave the names, the precinct number,
one in Israel, and one in Lithuania.
One in Israel and one in Lithuania.
Oh, one.
Now the story may be...
Wow.
That if they have a recount on investigation in the county,
or we win by 20,000 votes...
How do you ask that?
I've always been for sure,
go on one day count.
You know where you're right?
Right.
On the absentee ballot,
he loses by 7,000.
Yeah, but they say that absentee ballots are usually favorit Republican.
Because you know, they filled a lot of money ahead of time to make sure...
7,000?
Wow.
That's a lot of votes.
Yeah, but there's a lot of dead people in the county.
Well, that's why they should have every count in woodland memorial
and in beastland memorial.
Amen.
Good enough.
They do it right now.
They're counting frantically right now.
On any time that you do it by hand,
there's all will be an expansion.
Okay.
Count on it small, sometimes bigger, but always an expansion.
Wait until you get to be this old.
Okay, good luck to us.
Ciao.
Okay.
So Bill Hummer said...
Talking about that Palm Deeds vote,
which has not yet been certified,
and we have a person with us who is at the center of that controversy.
We have a member of the Palm Deeds,
canvassing board, Carol Roberts, Carol...
Oh, Carol.
The status of the manual recount.
It's not been suspended.
What?
Well, the manual recount was suspended
as the vote of the canvassing board this morning,
based on a secretary of state's opinion,
and we decided that we would wait until we got an opinion
from the attorney general.
We did end up supporting an opinion from the attorney general,
and the vote went on to say that if the attorney general,
a position was contrary to the secretary of state's position,
we would go and ask for a declaratory action,
which means that the opinions would be decided by court,
as to which is the correct opinion.
My understanding that we're filing this declaratory action
with a part of the Supreme Court,
under certain sort of statute, which allows us
to go directly to the Supreme Court.
Okay, I said actually the authority could do that this afternoon.
Is it imminent?
I...
I would make an assumption that it is imminent that we're filing that it takes,
I guess, some time to write that kind of opinion.
And of course, it's all kind of moved,
depending on the situation's ruling, it's coming down.
Any second now, is it coming any second?
Oh, my God.
I think we're all going to have another...
Are we going to have another spray stop?
It's all like a good lawsuit to me.
Let's get one of those anger-and-sishing lawyers on the phone.
21-4-1 is 560 WQM.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560.
QA and the live.
I am not saying...
Okay, here's the good news.
The good news is that they've judges made a decision,
and it's a nine-page decision,
and the bad news is we're not going to know for like five or six minutes.
And they're going on.
And all five of them.
And Dave counts as this morning, all seven.
Notice some weight we just sweethearts for.
What is your story?
So we're going to be in with them.
Okay, get out of here.
Get out of my shoulders.
Josh Moore, I'll hand the Josh go back in the closet.
And CNN goes back to commercial break.
So we got five minutes and counting.
This is it.
Because the decision has been rendered.
This is the circuit judge in Tallahassee,
who's going to decide whether the vote count can continue.
And then of course it'll be available to the Supreme Court either way.
But I'm assuming that if he rules that the vote we count can continue,
that they're going to start counting again.
Once you assume that, you would assume that.
That's because they're counting right now and Dave County furiously.
In fact, they're like looking under mattresses for dead people.
Because you know what commens is in.
We're going to have to go to the mattresses.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60.
Look at the way the phone drops off.
Because everybody's not like, oh, here we go.
Greta.
Five minutes away from hearing from the fellow.
Five minutes away.
I've got that line.
I have a line when the Secretary of State says she intends to certify the election result.
Whether it will be extended or not.
We're also just a few minutes away before an action here in the Palm Beach County Court.
A chief judge here is going to hold a hearing.
There is currently in the US and injunction against the Palm Beach and the Seen Board.
They have been ordered not to certify the votes here.
That injunction was issued a couple days ago that they're hearing here.
We've been through several judges that's now before the chief judge joining me here in West Palm Beach.
There's come the team.
So who represents it?
One of the parties in the state.
The chief judge, who do you represent and what do you want?
Well, I represent voters in Palm Beach County who were denied the ability to pick their choice for this election.
These are people who were tied up in voting in effect for if you can and by mistake.
And what we want is we want the ability to have these people's votes count.
And what that may entail is either a new vote in the county or a conclusion that a statistical analysis has to be done.
And we have some of the top experts in the United States now in the courthouse from Harvard University, from Cornell, from Northwestern and the University of California and Berkeley qualify under the ballot standard.
Well, let me ask you a question.
If you don't withdraw your injunction or your request for the injunction, you are going to disenfranchise.
Underneath of disenfranchising this entire county.
Right. And that's one of the things we've amended.
I complained in injunction cost of complaint four, which is to seek to not do that to make sure that this vote counts.
That we're essentially seeking the secretary of state who, as you know, is the co-chairman of the Bush campaign here.
In fact, it's surprising that we now want our fifth judge who's been news themselves because of conflicts of interest that she doesn't.
I'm astonished. This could not happen in Pennsylvania where I'm talking.
And what we're going to do is not disenfranchise these people.
We're going to make certain that they, in fact, get the right to vote and their vote counts.
And for this, who have occurred and are statistical people, by the way, can't get the conclusion that of the Buchanan vote.
More than 2000 clearly would have gone to a vice president's door.
The 19,000 votes that were declared invalid, more than half of them would have, or the substantial majority, would have gone to vice president's door.
And that's just in the West West Palm Beach County.
So I think something has to be done in Florida.
My own feeling here now in the midst of all this and seeing how upset the people are, that they need to have a complete re-vote of the people who voted in the election in the town.
Let me interrupt you.
Let me interrupt you for just a second. I want to go to Glenn Ivy, who's here with me in Washington.
Glenn, what we're really talking about is the notion of how do we make sure that each person's vote counts and counts correctly.
What is your response on that, and we've heard from what the Republican counterpart is saying?
Well, I think the goal is to have the recount votes move forward and bowed county and all of these county and others.
Mr. Schiller, what kind of ideas do you have?
I think which lead into a re-vote, I think is unlikely, but I think the goal for the Democrats is to have the recount move forward.
That's the outturns out.
On this question of a re-vote and whether or not there was a confusing ballot, there was a clear principle in election law.
Okay, we're not going to put him on these areas of fascist.
Okay, well, wait, we got about one.
A couple minutes, would you say?
A couple of minutes, man.
The pressure is getting.
Can you feel it?
Oh, man, oh, man.
I would roll up my windows real tight because if you just crack your window a little, you'll smell it all over town.
People are starting to crumble from this pressure.
5670560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let me say it again, the judge, the circuit judge in telehancey has rendered his opinion, nine pages.
And why is this?
Do you think he's a high-tailed, is that what it is?
Uh-huh.
And he's given himself time to get out of town.
Yeah, but certainly they probably got the allure jet on the runway there.
They probably, uh, limoed him over to the allure jet and he's probably in the air right now.
Wait a minute.
Oh, this is this idiot again from Pennsylvania.
I'm not saying he's an idiot, but what the hell?
What the hell we got some COVID-19 attorney in here representing those poor shelters up there in Palm Beach from Pennsylvania?
And he's given us a lecture?
What's right is right.
What's right is right.
Excellent.
And it's profound words there from Stephen Scheller from Pennsylvania.
What's right is right.
And what's wrong?
It's that car.
Cut this guy off already, Roger.
Okay, we got a major decision.
I'm going to MSNBC.
I can't stand it.
I can't handle it.
And for she's whining now.
I'll picture themselves on beaches in the Caribbean and that kind of thing when this happens.
You did, too.
I go.
That's pretty much everybody did.
So it took a couple of days to get wound up again, but they are wound up now.
They are loaded for bear right now.
You know, we had great playing.
Press secretary who was kind of quiet for a couple of days comparing the Republican Florida Secretary of State to a Soviet comment
Sorry yesterday.
So they are back in the campaign mode here and they are meeting on the other side just as honestly good during the campaign.
And I think that will continue now.
Of course, they're playing good cop bad cop here.
You've got Chris Lehan and people at that level of making me very hard.
I can't stand this game.
I'm going back to what you see and I can't stand it.
It was also public.
Oh, wait a second.
At least thank Congressman.
No.
I don't have a credit.
Get off and put your money in their mouth.
Congressman, there are two issues.
I think what Steve and I will, and let's get this corrected.
Steve's 560.
I'm giving the members that but I'm not taking any calls because I don't want to have to do up to the middle of the past.
So that's good.
But what I want to say.
I call.
Go ahead, Congressman.
Yeah, the point I want to make is that this ballot and these machines, the Butterfly machines were actually used in absentee voting by people who walked in and voted absentee early.
Physically voted absentee early.
And the demonstration that Democrats did, that's the reason that people came in and voted.
That's the best body, that's the best.
For example, the people that I spoke to were in Palm Beach.
They didn't vote absentee in advance.
They came on election day and they didn't have any opportunity before the election to object.
So I think that's the question.
I don't know that this is where the challenge is ultimately going to go.
I think it's going to be the recount.
But I think it's a fair complaint at the party.
I agree.
It is also going to be what ballots are recounted.
Let me interrupt.
Here we go.
Here we go.
We're going to go to Lou Water.
Here we go, Benny.
And a full line.
Right, Debra.
The roll of poster is now in the floor, the courtroom of circuit court judge Terry Lewis, who has ruled on this secretary of state's
statement.
The statement is now in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
opping of the court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
The court has been in the manifesting application.
The court has been in theaf in the floor.
The court has been in the floor.
context of Jonathan will start with you has to do this appointment. So go campaign although
there will be an appeal at things. Yes clearly a disappointment and unexpected disappointment
but the go campaign I just spoke to a member of the legal team said we lost but we're going
on to appeal we are fully prepared to appeal. They have David Boyz on hand David Boyz
one of the country's top trial attorneys the person who handled the Microsoft case for
the Justice Department. He's been in Tallahassee since last night preparing for a possible
appeal and officially from the campaign Doug Hadaway tells CNN's Chris Black that
officially the go campaign will appeal this. So right now I'm told the legal team going
over this judge's decision and preparing for a very speedy trip over to state Supreme
Court to appeal this. You understand that if they don't if this
thing holds up if the state Supreme Court does no for willing and the Palm Beach doesn't
get their votes in by a five o'clock there's a Palm Beach voter in Palm Beach County.
Not just those who were confused not just those who's balanced with you or not but
any voter in Palm Beach County would be disenfranchised. Therefore it wouldn't
I wouldn't count. Okay we got almost every line open because the public's going to
been willing like that like they haven't got any idea what's going on five six seven
o'five sixty Palm five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Don't forget
Joe Costello's lonely then they're in a QA and Vand him in the nephew and they're
located in the shell gas station in the rear of 117th and Kendall and Kendall Drive
and Kendall with all the best in the old stuff CDs because that's keychains
and etc. Till two o'clock. 313 votes at our poll. How interested are you now in the
outcome of the elections? Do you have any interest in 139?
Six of it get it over with already 106. Getting less interested by the day 68.
Here's here's worth hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Let me say it again. Yes. Yes, Leo. This is you know I correct me if I'm wrong,
Neil, but I'm repeating yourself sir. I'm getting a name. I'm getting my stock.
Sure that you said you know a lot of people prior to the election thought it's
Bush you know Bush got into stock market we go up now all these people voted for
Bush based on the fact that the stock market we go up. Oh is that what they did?
You clarified that I'm sure it would have been another 30,000 more votes for
cooler because they voted for Bush for the quick five five minutes you know for
that five day if I'm not sure if I'm right it's another it's
I'm responsible that's Gordon. You didn't say to these out the cockers you say you're
in the market is going to go up the market is going to go up for about five six days when you're
living with this bastard for four years now fortunately gone sure with his back on WPBR
that was that 1340. Sir listen get the get the count out of your
philosophy bag and run off in the Sherwood Forest I have no idea what you're talking
about and that makes two of us. It's the crazy old bastard speaking of crazy here's
normal Kent. So the judge in Tower half he has decided to confuse cloud and
constipate the issue in a way that's even more unimaginable than one can
articulate. My man I have I'm not dumbest person on the face of the year but I
haven't got any idea what he's talking about the votes must be in by five but they
can still go ahead and reach out and then she's going to have the discretion she
can throw them out but not if it's substantial it means that what does that all
mean actually he's got to find a reference the judge has just a major in the
state the responsibility of making a clear judicial determination that would
aquarify this issue. So it's all of a court this was the next best thing to
recusing himself. Well you know in Palm Beach County and everywhere else the judges
are just jumping out of their robes not to hear the case right and that may
happen in Broward where people with seeking injunction at two o'clock to mandate a hand count.
Yeah you have it down you have it down to pretty good science what the judge and talent
has to have said is to the captain Harris the secretary of state you had no right to say that
arbitrarily you will not accept supplemental ballots but you do have the right within your
discretion to reject those supplemental ballots if they don't present you with a really good reason
has to lie there in late but he's leaving him but he's leaving it to her discuss with him which
is an absurdity because this person is a campaign chairman for George W who campaigned with him
in New Hampshire and who has already prejudged the issue so it's obviously going to go to
in a power court and probably they'll be able to take a direct appeal to the Supreme Court.
So it's not over yet but it means that if the hand count goes on it's going over going on with
the clear cloud that when it is finally submitted the secretary of state will arbitrarily decline to
accept its submission and then you'll have a real constitutional crisis where you have a certified
vote of the popular saying that perhaps one candidate won but the other candidate got certified
as the winner. So that's what this judge has opened the door for. Please also open the door for
if she does this at five this afternoon since she's got some of its discretion out the Supreme
Court doesn't overrule his ruling that if Palm Beach doesn't certify their vote by five everybody
in Palm Beach gets their vote thrown out. That's right and according to the ruling although it's
not all written out yet for everyone to see they're looking in it for the first time it may be
that Palm Beach can do a preliminary certification they can submit an amended including the hand
count they've already done up to now and then submit the other ones later. It's really a tragic
comedy in terms of this judicial ruling it will be appeal to Lucy counties already announced
that they were killing it and I have no doubt that the Palm Beach County can this board will ask
her to appeal within moments of... Well, I'll kill Phil Roberts sitting around CNN and she looks
like she's in the coma at this point. Well I can understand that this is a very confusing ruling.
Because it would be one thing to turn it back over to an obiter if that was going to be an
imposter lobby but to ask her required that the secretary of state who's already come down on
one side of the issue be the imposter lobby. She's already gone down on one side yeah and
speaking of that did we ever find out whether a gay Democratic judge in Bauer County voted on
the other side do or stop accounting at the ballot in Bauer. He was relying upon the advisory ruling
of the secretary of state that only machine aberrations would authorize or warrant the recount
and he was not privileged to have seen the attorney general's countervailing legal opinion
earlier this morning he didn't get to review that because the people already appealed it
for the canvassing board didn't even going to have a chance to revote or revisit that issue in
Brown it's already in Brown with circuit court accepting hearing it too. But I hear the judge made
one out of 159 as well I'm hearing. Now Judge Miller has been assigned the case he's been around
30 years he's used to making spontaneous ruling he's not afraid to make a ruling he was the
judge who issued the injunction barring the state of Florida two weeks ago from going ahead with
the cutting down of the trees. Great in the canqueries. Nice going Judge Miller we like him already.
He you know he probably make a affirmative ruling one way or the other one one away from the issue.
The real issue is going to ultimately wind up in the Supreme Court probably by tomorrow at five
o'clock and the Supreme Court affirms those declines to hear the case that means that the
tall I have seen Judge's ruling is final which means that the secretary of state's ruling is final
which means that you can pretty much assume that the electoral votes will go to Judge W.
But we don't have those absentee ballots yet he oversees.
That's true that could turn around as well because they said this morning there are 4,000
coming from Israel. No they did see you're laughing now but that's another unknown factor
is that how many of the absentee ballots will actually come in by Friday. There's been a kind of
arrogant presumption on the part of Republican that's a lot of matter going to win you.
They wrote them that we're going to win those absentee ballots forgetting that more absentee
ballots will now to Israel this year. Well see this is part of the new entitlement program for
America that means that they're entitled to just take over. Okay well listen governor yourself
accordingly and we'll hang on tight. Okay okay. Love it after what is 560 WQ.
Get the best of Neil Rogers 2000. Just good with Betts Music Store near New York.
WQAM.com on the net. The best of news 2000 with Ray Ditt. Tell me the first thing that
pockets your mind. What do you think this is?
Almost and this? Let's both okay and this one? Infectization. How about this?
Probably down time riding the baloney pony. Those timeless classes. But that's the Neil Rogers 2000
Sports radio 560 QAM.
Oh well listen I'm gonna say about Potter. She's a ranting on and on.
There have been a number of lawsuits. We lost count at nine this morning. I think that's where it stands.
Nine suits have been filed by voters in this county. Almost all of them. I would say eight
involved the the ballot itself and the problems with the ballot most of them. Yeah we already know that.
Yeah we know. Okay let's take a collar to here and see if anybody is less confused than I am
because I can't make head details of it. Here's Miami Lake. So I'm okay. I think I went into this
and I'm asking him I guess I wanted to just looking at it from JT to perspective so to speak.
And I think that I went as soon as I knew that there was one state of consensus was flawed.
We think about who the governor is. I think it's a four-run conclusion. Yeah I just think that.
That's why he told his brother. That's why Bush told the grower my brother told me I won.
Like people come and tell me now they say oh well Jeff is back to listen to everything.
He doesn't have to be allowed. Everything is from put in my opinion.
Everything from put in place. It's your list. You know the six is in. You know.
All right take care. Okay well that's what it's okay. See you at the border.
5 6 7 0 5 6 be palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world is mine.
Now Greta von Braun was pointing out that the seven of the justices on the four-to- Supreme Court
were pointed by Democratic governors. I just mentioned that in passing.
Here's a lady mobile in Boca. Hello. Nail. Yes ma'am.
You know I've been listening to you today. Now I heard you say that Bush won or
I asked gore one or guys that's true. I see nothing about the at least totally forgotten about
the electoral. Yeah well he's 40 847 hundreds ahead in Oregon. Are they going to work that
to him? Well I mean that they had nobody's asked for a recon yet. The deadlines like yesterday
was the deadline in New Hampshire and Bush won it by 7200 and nobody asked for a recon so the
deadline is passed. I don't really know why. I know the deadline is this Friday in Iowa and
grower is still over 4,000 votes ahead in Iowa. I don't know. I mean things change from day to day
we need three elect 12 and you won't need Florida. Am I right? No. I'm doing the math. If they
give him the... if they give him what? Are they going to give him that New Mexico? That's part of the
262. Okay. There are no other states that aren't in that electoral vote total except Florida.
All right so we need to find a few where he's very close and do a recount in no state.
Well who's very close? There aren't any. There's no other play like... Only states that are
that close are states that he's won so far. Right. All right I'm trying to figure something out
without Florida because it's just getting so complicated with Florida. It can't happen. The only
way could happen is that a Florida did not get certified by the December 18th if they didn't have
the electors in place and then of course the rest of the country would pick the president and
go and win. So if the legal battles go on until the 18th, but they won't. But they won't. They won't. No.
All right listen thanks for taking my call. Okay good luck with it. Okay she's in a hurry now. She's
on a way to the airport. She's on her way to the airport. You can tell. She's got her passport.
She's got her plane ticket. She is on her way to that airport. Oh my god. What can you say except
good luck and bye bye bye. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pond 5 60 on the AT&T. What is it? Okay the AP
Council. See that's not right. They still got the 388. Bush is head by 388 including the 100 from
Polk County. They just decided oh let's count them again. All by themselves nobody asked them to
be counted. Let's just go ahead and do it. Oh here's another 100 for Bush. Okay.
The whole thing no matter who you're for no matter who you are hope comes out ahead on this.
The whole thing stinks so bad that a pile of rotting garbage that's been sitting rotting since
before. Jesus was a baby could never have this a role. I'm telling that right now. Even Josh
Raymond on his worst day which I can't even begin to imagine that and he could be worse than the
usual on his worst day. It doesn't smell like this. The stench of where's that man is saying.
Oh which I'll have to chop it off. Where the hell is that? I heard it. Hey
stench of cow manure. Hover is over this. Election. Yeah I just go on mad dog. Come
be here too by the way for Hank Goldberg. Here's Wilton Manners. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I was
just calling it's a be kind of kind of long time looks my first car. Okay and just from what
I'm hearing I mean I don't know if I haven't been a fit over any of the collars but I've read the
statute that's in question. That the judge made the determination is pretty simple. It's only like
two sentences long and it basically says that by five p.m. all the boats have to be in that have been
counted. Apparently from what I heard on MSNBC it goes by the recount so all the boats in less
pond them won't be thrown out or wherever. They just go back to the second recount that was reordered.
Yeah. On less than Supreme Court over this so good. Right right and it's any right no matter who
you're for the whole thing here it just smells even if you're for either side. Did this state that
will we in? I mean I've been saying it for 25 years and there are a lot of people who think that I
get carried away or that I'm too sharp cashed the grid to critical. This state is a disaster we
can't do anything right here. Well it's good that you're clear close bit for the
good for the process for people to call in here. We're going to. Okay. Thank you. Thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp on is there anybody out there who likes the way that this has been? Oh,
God. So I have to make you a piff your gut sound. Here's a model in Miami. Hello.
Are you with me? Yes. How you doing? Any? Okay. You know right before you made that announcement
or actually you played the announcement when they were talking about the decision in the court.
Right before you made that announcement I just checked my my pages for the stock uptake and both stocks
just before I heard it I shot right through the roof. Right. That's the kind of doubt. Uh-huh.
So I guess they're in on the 60s world and it's going on and they probably they probably
wanted to phone with the judges this morning. They probably knew which way it was going because
the market's been going up right from the get go. Yeah and it's been one like week where it's been
just going down every day every single day especially the NASDAQ and all of a sudden out of nowhere
the NASDAQ's up 180 and the NASDAQ's up 120 and whatever it is through the roof. That's right.
That's amazing. They don't smell it. I can't what I can't understand is how the best outcome of this
is that the basically the presidential election of this country goes down to what one woman feels
on betrayal. You know she's going to make a decision whether she's going to accept her that except
both. What is that? One woman who happens to be a rabid Bush campaign worker. Why is it
well why couldn't they bring in in fact you know Bobby Butterworth's got no credibility either
because he's you know the attorney general is a heavily gror campaigner for it. Why couldn't
they bring in some outside arbitrators some independent people from out of the state and let them
get involved in this. Right. I mean it makes no sense. Well then it makes no sense.
Many of this makes any sense. No. You know I want to ask you Neil because I've never really you know
followed what happens with absentee ballots. Let's say the election would have ended when it
was supposed to. I mean what happens to those absentee ballots they just describe them and it
has no no no purpose as far as the election is concerned. Which ones you're talking about?
I'll go ahead and say the presidential for example. I don't know follow what you're saying.
Well okay like let's say at this point if they're still pending as far as the absentee ballots.
The overseas absentee ballots yeah. Correct. Correct. The election results had been determined
denied of the election. We would have happened to those ballots that are coming in now
there this far is this right. That's why they don't want to buy all the pens on what the margin is
if one candidate would have won by you know many many thousands of votes then they would still be
counted but it wouldn't have it they could still be a little winner. I see. I'm going to leave
for my staff to go up and go get it on my passport where I'm not here. I'll see you there. Okay bye bye.
Bye bye. First has 410 bucks pretty weak. Pretty weak at the shell station down there. Joe
Constellas pretty pissed off about it with our best of the key chain CDs cassettes, P-shirts.
ought to be doing a thousand bucks into ours and every one of these locations and that's pretty bitter
especially everybody's always asking me when you guys coming out of South Aid when you're
going to send them out of South Aid so we can get your stuff. They're there right now in the rear
might they say that in the back ass end of the shell station 117th and Kendall's right by the time
of country mall Joe Constellas and the next you are there and they're sitting there waiting on you okay.
Holy it's a real struggle this year. What's the cheap bastards out there. Let me say it again she
endured snow and self-reasing new hamptured temperatures to campaign for George W. Bois she toured
the panhandle in a motor home to where would you like to democrats to switch parties. Florida
secretary of state Catherine Harris is fiercely loyal to the Republican party and her ruling Monday
that Florida's counties must deliver voter tallies to a by 5th year into the arrest being ignored
toughs off around the criticism of the Audiotic she is the granddaughter of Ben Hill Griffin
junior a citrus and cattle maggot she has a net worth of 6.9 million dollars nearly all of it in
stock in BHG anchor families cross-proof based firm there's that old citrus connection again
and what is that she's really tightly connected not just with the bushes politically but
at least one of the bushes physically that's the one that we're hearing as in scored scored that's
the popular room we're going around and she's the one I mean the ruling of the judges in coherent
how can he give her that much discretion she can close it down at five she can abide by that
that law five o'clock this afternoon she can demand that they all sit apart all the votes but
they can continue counting and on a close what's the happening in New Mexico who seeks to recount
my spare the cost associated with the recount all right interesting developments out
left as well I'm ready to move on I don't know Mr. Bob whatever maybe they're going to have a
recount in New Mexico I do like that because war is not one New Mexico and I thought to be
a public interest and we don't want any more recounts just wrap it up if that was even shut up
you know I'm sorry
damn it
here's a call from Hollywood hello hello how are you okay hey thank god we got something else
going on in Florida and Julian my question is when if and when these votes are all done and everything
and they go to vote yeah I understand that the penalties for one of the electors
is very minor if he doesn't vote the way it's 200 bucks a day oh no I'm not thinking of the
you know you're talking about something different the penalty for the election is not going to jail
I know I thought I had heard somewhere that it was like a very minor penalty in this
tomato type penalty now I don't think so I think that they were talking about the other day they said
the electors if they don't vote the will the electors I think go to jail it's different by state
oh like I said in Florida I think they do like five minutes of meeting the service at the
criminal house yeah I mean you know so so what's the stop one of these or several oh wait a minute
five Palm Beach County judges and now what you're on from baby look what to another one except the
five so you believe that unbelievable so the people in Palm Beach who are saying that the
ballot was illegal and they were disenfranchised they made the wrong vote they can't even find a
judge who will hear their complaint none of the judges and Palm Beach have any co-hunters
unbelievable all right mr. Neal I appreciate all also in your sales staff you're right they do
suck I've been trying for three weeks now to get somebody to come over and talk to me about
advertising with you right and they haven't even returned to call well hang on tight
all right thank you good luck thanks bye bye yeah our sales department don't you know don't
complain to them because they took a few years so on our cigars doing a lot of hanky thank you
so how do you like this we got five judges every single time it has been done yes been done
uh jettison is very very mad at the court mission yes sir uh that that procedure that makes sense
and it's fine the only of the logistical problem I may have is uh I have a hearing by
telephone in baby county and two o'clock if I may explain the court the problem that we're having
so far mr. Vosius sir is that there can well as it's filed literally all over the state we've
gone to a handful of lawyers who have sufficient knowledge of the issues the same issues are being
considered by court so low of the state uh so we don't have a lot of lawyers who can handle it
and essentially these two are up to me and we got a camera on the program I'm seeing a
and this is a drug to the West Palm but what he's hearing got a new model in the middle of
playground we should only take about 50-20 minutes.
Mr. Richard my suggestion is that if you have to do that and I think it's safe to assume that that
that would be a very close uh deadline to hit here locally um but um that you do not get off
of this line you leave a secretary or a federal legal or or an associate or a janitor I don't
tell me on this line. Janitor on the line janitor's gonna talk to the judge and about a half
hour has been saying, now judge your voice times are different than the day I happened I'll be
forth. So I have a lot of judges in West Palm will be running out of there any second now.
Oh what a joke. But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio. Five sixties.
Another dick in the White House.
They're so left by running for me.
Oh look, sports are ready
I wanna die
It's my dog
I wanna die
I wanna die
It's just me
Want to spend four free words
all through
And with this time
The head styles best for it
Only
With a living
The best
I won't hurt that
It's not
legend
hey
134 or 560 W. There's only one thing you can say that sums up this whole process.
Yeah.
Yeah, very well said. I mean, sure, it's sweet.
And it's got a somewhat on the heart of the matter.
560, 705, 60, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One.
Why does the word impeachment keep going through my...
I keep picturing that idiot Jeb Bush and his kid Jebby, you know.
Jebby the one that was out there banging that chicken in the car.
And that word impeachment keeps going through my...
Keep picturing all those citrus trees getting chopped down.
And all those people having their whites trampled over.
And a lot of angry, all those sparks is out there that are real upset
about all of their affirmative action.
A lot of angry people, a lot too happy with a bush-mice during this day.
And the word impeachment keeps going through my mind over and over again.
Here's number pine. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello. Yes, sir.
You're fine.
Okay, great.
That worked real good, didn't it?
Yes, whatever that was.
560, 705, 60, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One.
A lot of crazy people losing their dish hour.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
I know that.
Okay.
A long time with you, Mr. Professor.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that Mr. Wong, uh...
That's Kille, Mr. Duc.
Okay, well thanks for the bullet.
No, I guess...
I guess that's it.
I guess this thing was too overwhelming and too confusing
for the people in this audience.
They have nothing to say about it.
First, we started off this half hour with that lunatic
that old man in Palm Beach talking about the
Roberta Sherwood or something like that.
What the hell was he talking about?
And I had a darn show. I thank God for him.
He showed totally old talkers.
He's calling people old talkers.
Sir, you know, I...
Who can play that game, okay?
As a matter of fact...
Your game.
Yeah.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
How you doing, man?
Okay.
Listen, from what I'm getting out of this decision,
it doesn't seem like that big of a...
That bad of a terrible thing here.
That bad of a terrible...
Yeah, that's okay.
Okay.
Now, what I'm saying here is from what I've heard the lawyers
saying that the fact that they can keep recounting the votes
and they've given...
The judges basically given Kathleen Harris
more discretion than she said she initially had.
She originally said that she only had the discretion
and some sort of natural disaster to hold up...
The five of a question.
Yeah.
Yeah. The judges...
I was saying that they're the hurricanes of the planet.
Right. The judges basically said that's not the case.
If there's a reason to count those votes later,
then you can count them,
which leaves the gourd people in a good place
if she decides to be arbitrary
and cut counties out.
See, there's a change in...
Yeah, if there were big changes, like maybe three, four thousand votes
or something like that,
we'd be substantial that would turn the thing around
how could she possibly say,
no, well, I'm not going to consider that.
Exactly, which allows them to take it back into court.
I think what the judges doing here
is saying it's too early to put an injunction down
and he's leaving the framework there
to say, well, you got the 19,000 things
and Palm Beach ballots and Palm Beach County
and you got the different counties still to be counted
and if something changes dramatically,
then if she decides to play partisan politics,
they can take her back into court and overturn it.
If it doesn't change, then nothing's lost.
You know, if the Palm Beach...
Yeah, I think the norm was right before though.
What the judges have done is not much.
It's one step above what those five Palm Beach County judges
have done on the other case.
And he really passed the buck
because he knows it's going to be appealed to the Supreme Court
and he really gave a very vague and ambiguous
she can do this, but she can't do that
and he's not going to make the final ruling.
Right, well, I'd still raise the framework for it
in case something changes.
And I think with the Palm Beach situation,
they need to take that case out of Palm Beach
because those judges are going to keep...
Well, they have 11 judges in Palm Beach
and they've gone through five of them
and so far they can't find one to stick.
Yeah, well, you know, about...
I just wanted to say, leave you with this.
I think Paul Bukawa, yes, did I hurt him?
He cracked me up.
He coined the phrase for this century
for the Republican Party.
They're banana Republicans.
Oh, okay, excellent.
Thanks.
Nice going, Paul.
Paul Begalla.
And let me ask you, is our children learning or what?
Uh-huh.
Okay, that's good to know.
5670560, Palm 560 on the 18th
and teen Verizon Wireless Line.
Will you switch back in?
And now the newly elected party elections
super-visors for the panel.
Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Hi, I'm with a call.
The Dinosaur Call.
Well, a Liks, where the cushion is
Cl Lead EnglishSim-Brother
Power
I'm going to put a few cows in the holes that have a world bunch.
A couple of months, he's right outside.
I think the fingers on your hands and downstairs
should might be going to be four to five.
I only have four.
Oops.
Got it.
And for the recap.
One, two, three, four, four, two, three.
Yeah, Mike, this.
So anyway, six of the seven Florida Supreme Court Justices
that were pointed by Democrats.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Not this message is getting political, you understand?
I just mentioned that in passing.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
I just wanted to ask you one question.
Didn't these judges in Palm Beach County take an oath when they came into office to uphold the law?
The oath of power, does he?
Well, you know, we have a thing called the judicial nominating committee that's...
I'm not sure if it's a state or every county.
I think every county has it.
I don't live in Palm Beach County, but if I lived in Palm Beach County,
I'd certainly be complaining to the Palm Beach County Judicial Nominating Committee about the judges that are sitting on the fence in Palm Beach County.
I mean, if they're not going to do their job, why would they allow it?
Well, but you've got to understand that we don't know all the details because, for example, the first one,
there's Steven, what was his name, rap and judge.
He had to refuse himself because, you know, if these judges have been making comments like the other judges of attorneys during the ongoing selection thing,
then somebody can come along and demand that they refuse themselves.
So that probably is what is happening here.
Yeah, but it makes you really...
You can then get out of it if all that has to do with making some statement that's going to make it look lopsided.
I think that I heard Norma Kenco you before and talked about Todd Similler.
Right.
I know John Miller, I've had cases in front of him before.
But he's the old blue man.
This guy with a big bare belly in his red suspenders sitting up there on a bench with his feet on the fence.
That certainly is not a glorifying.
That's in Bauer County, right?
Yeah, he's in Bauer.
Uh-huh.
So if it goes before Miller, sure that that boat from Miller is going to go towards Bauer, not for door.
Okay, I'm glad in my passport as soon as I get home.
Thank you, the pay witness.
That's the situation in Bauer and while I'm like everybody else who's gone, I sure want to see Gorge in it.
Okay, good luck to us because we're done.
We're finished.
What do you think we're finished?
Huh?
I think we're pretty much finished.
Okay, let's wrap it up.
No, you can't do that.
We're going to go to the Supreme Court and then we're going to go to here.
And then we're going to go to there.
And then we've got the other votes from Israel coming in.
And then Julie even went to get all those votes.
Yeah, too can play this game.
Okay, Jeff, you and I always go in, baby.
We got lots of Jews.
We got Jews that haven't been born yet.
We got Jewish embryos that were bringing out of the freezer this weekend.
And they're all going to be voting there.
We're lining them up to vote.
We got Yidduak up the ass, man.
And they're all coming out to vote.
You can't even imagine the scene that's going on with Papa Bush and James Baker on the phone.
It goes FN Jews again.
We stuck into that, baby.
Yeah.
Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm seeking a Papa Bush.
I would really like to know how, let's fast forward to inauguration day.
And God forbid he's put an office by technicality.
And he's standing up there, taking a note, looking in his family and swearing to God to uphold the opposite of the president, knowing that he did not fairly get there.
And here he is talking about character, talking about being gracious and doing the right thing.
I don't get it.
How honestly, how can he stand up there?
It's if I keep thinking that he's going to be there.
I don't want to think that way.
But if he does get there, I can tell you how he can honestly end his heart.
But why do you say anything?
That's the state of Florida truly believed he should be the president.
They don't care about him.
He's hard to otherwise.
All they care about is his brother's the governor and the fix was in and they got it.
And they, you know, they store up fair and square.
Well, I think it's sick.
It is sick.
It's pathetic.
And it's not only sick, but it's transparent.
It's obvious and depressing.
You know what?
I have one question.
Maybe you can educate me on this.
I thought something on CNN the other day about the electors, the people that are actually going to be putting the vote in.
And I'm thinking, I don't know.
Maybe I missed something.
But the person that called before that was talking about going to the judges and complaining to the judges.
Right.
Why don't the people for to find out who these electors are.
They have the right to cast the vote the way that they want to.
And if they truly believe that Florida was for Gore, then can't we start, you know, clean to them to vote on our behalf?
I'm not going to do any good.
The electors, like I said before, are partisan.
They are the most partisan political animals.
That's why they're selected.
They are played sworn in a broad oath.
Like a broad oath makes sense.
Had that secret hand shake.
That's what goes on with this.
And they're not going to let us screw around.
I have, they're not a woman.
I'm seeing an adieu as I think some Miami.
I think she was a fan.
And she said that she even though she was a Republican, she wasn't sure how she was going to vote.
Now she made it since day.
But believe me, they'll make her an offer.
She can't refuse.
All right.
Well, thanks.
Okay. Good luck to us.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, people are some, a lot of people out there trying to keep hope against her for whatever the old clich goes.
But it's the end game is just about here.
It's just about over, baby.
Get ready for four years of Bush.
Yeah.
Four years of drunken.
Yeah.
You thought the Kennedys were doing it.
But you ain't seen nothing yet.
And you got Jeb, Jeb, Jr.
And George B.
Maybe we can get Jeb, Jr. and George B.
Like, have an orgy in a white house like, yeah, I'll open it Saturdays.
Yeah.
What a hell not.
Yeah, man, it says he's writing in Tommy Brady's name.
He's looking for a recount.
He's writing in Tommy.
Anybody from Michigan is writing in.
This was my first, this is my first and last in many years.
I will never ever.
Not that I won't be here anywhere next election.
I'll be long gone.
I'll be overseas.
I'll be far away from this banana republic.
I will be long gone.
But never again.
It's 149 at 560 WQA.
But Neil Roger show sports radio.
560 QA.
So many of Maddits says the Viva La Bush.
That's what he said.
Something like that.
It's a 152 at 560 WQM.
Maddog will be along it too for a hangover.
We got Lamar Thomas with the man.
Maddits at 5.
Who shall be at 680 K10 with the overs and numbers?
Yes.
900 in public halota.
I still got blocker.
I will block the Sto Joe Castello's pen.
Joe is pretty pissed off and fired up and is going to go even more forward.
He's going to kick his ass all the way back to with that banana boat.
Probably a ballota.
Bring back Joe Castello's pen.
You might have come.
That's a really nice pen.
I don't know even how much.
Huh?
So we got, we might do it.
We need five more people down there.
That's pretty good.
We got up to 900.
Well, it takes people time to get there through that traffic.
And although there they can vote.
Yeah, my dear.
You can vote again.
Only if you're for gorge.
You can vote again.
If you're Jewish and you're for gorge, just pretend you're Jewish.
Bring a bagel with you.
Isn't that how it works if you bring a bagel and give you a ballot?
Ballots for bagels.
So anyway, there were a hundred seven teeth and a candle drive by the town and country mall
in the rear of the shell station.
And we got like a seven or eight minutes ago.
I don't think about a couple extra minutes.
So we get a little bit of a line.
Another hundred bucks we can get to a thousand today.
So the deal is, I mean, death and the manage we're just in here.
And death says, well, what did they just decide?
I mean, how does it really work?
And I said, yeah, yeah.
I mean, that was the most vague, the most ambiguous, the most cowardly ruling.
And then the bottom line, like the guy said before, there aren't any of these judges that
have the cajon.
I think they all wanted to go to the state supreme court.
Let them decide six out of seven Democrats.
I just mentioned that in passing because let's face it, you got the governor.
You got the agriculture commissioner.
You got the secretary of state.
All on the one side, let's have a little bit of a fix in on the other side of it.
We're going to do this thing right and crooked.
Here's a mobile and fort water deal.
Hello, a thousand.
Hello.
Hey, oh, yes, sir.
As the day goes by, it looks like a Kathleen with the big bush Harris is going to get her wish.
Yeah.
At that point, what we're left with are the overseas ballots.
And the one thing that we're not hearing is the following.
We know the military ballots supposedly come in very quickly.
They do?
I read in a Sun Sentinel that there were 7,000 registered Florida voters in Israel,
4,000 of them requested ballots.
Are we getting in 30,000 a day, 3,000 a day?
Well, they're becoming yesterday.
This is another part of the mystery.
They don't tell us that.
We have no idea how many of them are coming here as a number.
Huh?
What are we left here with us?
Here's a number.
Pick a number.
Go to the supermarket and pick a number.
I have no idea.
They don't know.
You mean you would think that CNN would be paying attention to that?
No, no, really.
It's not a question whether CNN is paying attention with the fact is that they don't know.
Nobody knows that they make it up as they go along.
So we don't know how many, for example, came into the state of Florida yesterday?
I have no idea.
Because the way that they describe it is that even many of them came in before election day.
It's not like they all wait until the day before and they mail them or a couple of days before.
So many of them are already in it.
They just, for what are they either refused or they don't know or they don't separate them that way.
But nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
Nobody has any idea.
So they're not saying historically we've got 95% of us in?
No.
They're not saying that they've been trickling in every day and they're probably overall counts that we've got now, etc.
and so on.
Which I don't understand how that can be because of the trickling in every day.
And the difference in the vote is only changing based on the recounts, the hand counts, and these states that's been going on.
And the counties that have been going on, how can they be tripled?
So evidently they're not being counted yet.
They won't get counted until the mid-night on Friday, which are Saturday.
Yeah, and a triple of 30 is one thing a triple of three top on one for them.
Of course our legs.
Thanks.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Oh yeah, yeah.
I'm totally depressed and I think these judges are totally spineless.
I hope the citizens of West Palm Beach are taking names of these judges.
So next time they come up, I mean, they're kicked out of office.
I still have a hope that the Supreme Court will rule in our favor.
I think that's our last hope.
I think that goes as I said.
Yeah, you're about to.
That's it.
And the absentee ballots that they have to, the deadline's been night Friday.
And then they do the final certification on Saturday, depending on how those absentee ballots come up.
Yeah, no, no.
The only other thing they'll have to do is we have to get that jet push out of here.
Please don't leave Miami until we do that.
Okay.
Okay.
They walk to us.
Now let's hope the government's got a lot of relatives.
Oh!
That's what I'm hoping.
Lots of relatives.
That's what we're counting on now.
Here's the lady, mobile and four Myers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing now?
I'm doing okay.
We'll survive.
Right.
You know, I wanted to make a couple of comments.
The first is that I think it's terrible that, you know, we can't find a judge that will rule on this.
The only people that are not allowing to be heard are the American public.
I, you know, see as they're votes.
And I think it's just absolutely disgusting.
The other thing I wanted to say is that I was listening to the radio in Fort Myers this morning.
And some retired guys from the military called in and said that when his daughter was in the ninth grade and they were living in government housing, she came home with a sign for Clinton and Gore.
And put it in the middle of the night.
