560 WQAM Miami-Forets Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You can talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for Deed and Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the Feebley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Please, enough talking.
You are not my desire to show.
You stand so far on the inside.
Oi!
So they have no life.
They saw Murriamaki.
And they saw how beautiful the day.
There we are.
There we are, there's this thing.
It says it wants to stay.
See them in the day of TV.
As the cubist flies them all away.
Just lick them.
And we're trying to build on them.
And we're trying to process.
We should send them.
Oi!
They have been so hard to walk down.
And the oil tanks are long.
Another chance for publicity.
While the whole day old shut high and let down.
They tell y'all what to live with Mickey.
Leave it to the fall behind.
Showing here with gifts and stars.
While my am is slowly dying.
Oi!
In the eight so she was another fall to get their way.
With the help said, stand the back in the hospital.
We want it off the go away today.
And we're trying to trust again.
And we're trying to always trust.
We just want to live on life.
And we're trying to process.
We should send him.
And we're trying to trust again.
And we're trying to always trust.
And we're trying to process.
Who is it that did that for us?
We always get credit when somebody does something down.
Danny and Chuckie and Danny.
Is there anybody in this audience by the way who isn't sick?
I think castor is behind it.
I think the bearded son of a bitch is behind his viral thing.
I'm seriously stopping to think about that.
Everybody has got this viral crap.
I have alternate days.
Every other day I feel fairly good.
And then tomorrow I'll be undergoing all sorts of tests.
I'll get to be an old fart like this.
But this stuff is just a malady.
Everybody has got to be lingers on and on and on.
Everybody has talked to us like huking and other sort of things.
Maybe this is a delayed Y2K.
Maybe our calendar was just a little bit off.
Maybe this is a delayed Y2K thing.
That we're all suffering.
Maybe the moon is in your rain or something like that.
Oh yeah, cool.
Because it makes a lot of money for the doctors.
Maybe there's like an 85 pound tumor in there.
Who knows?
Who's that at the door?
I'm sorry.
I called him Todd.
What is that?
Movie pass.
Is this stuff ever going to get over here?
Good.
Let me tell you about two of the worst shows I've ever seen in my life.
A lot of creative people out there.
If something works, we have 8 million copycats overnight.
There's anybody in this audience who wants to tell me who wants to be a millionaire.
I like Regis.
He sucks up all the time.
It's big.
But nevertheless, that's your blows.
What are we going to do?
Let's copy it with a more shocking 21.
I bet you Jack Berry is rolling over on his grave right now.
Okay, now if you don't know the answer, you haven't seen that one.
They select the contestants.
Based on who?
The first challenger was a schwarzer.
They show you the result.
I'll talk about you in the periodic complex.
Here's Bill and Sally and Tom and Jimmy and Danny.
You vote for whoever you want to be next to.
They're all rip off.
They're bad.
Bad.
You get three strikes.
You have to go home and rip the crap out of you.
You have to drop your doors right on stage.
If you call up your friend or your husband or whoever to help you with the answer.
My idea of a quiz show is like you do it alone.
You do it alone.
You don't know the answer.
We got parting gifts.
That's their favorite expression.
Six pack of Burium animals.
That's it.
Go home.
Farting gifts.
Farting gifts.
That's it.
That's a quiz show.
I have three challenges.
I'm going to call up my mother-in-law who mysteriously gets on the phone immediately and doesn't see the surprise that she's talking to Rita's filbert and her son-in-law is going for $85 billion.
Those drums are going in the back.
The drums are peeing in the back.
Do we have any drums in here?
Drums are pounds of fun.
No, not so much of drums.
Those are boots, not drums.
And the contestants just go on and on.
The drums are peeing in the back.
I don't know.
What's the time of time?
I saw a part of the delivery room and it smelled real good.
If the South Pole is in the South, the North Pole is in.
What kind of questions are those?
Bad, bad quiz shows.
Of course, to show you how bad television is, that's like now this week it's on every night with Regis.
Because they got nothing else going on.
It's big deal.
It's big enough both of them.
Yeah, you already said that.
Very, very weak.
Very, very weak.
You know something?
Any day of the week and some people in the audience will laugh at me when I say this.
Any day of the week I'll take prices right over either one of those shows.
And then it's...
Oh, in here.
You know what $160,000 looks like?
Yeah, take a look at this, Mori.
You don't want to know what this looks like?
And they get them a big black sack when they're going off with their winnings.
And you can't really even see that it's real money or funny.
It's just a block of what looks like money.
Show us the money, okay?
Because we're about to greeny mercenary assholes.
And then the show Greed would Chuck's Flurry, which I already talked about, just pathetic.
Just pathetic.
Where they try to knock each other out.
They're going to wind up with fish.
And what they're going to do is combine quiz shows with Jerry Springer.
And they'll have the contestants beating the crap out of each other because they knocked each other out of the running or else they gave the wrong answer.
Or something like...
Bad.
Bad.
Television.
Bad.
In fact, you'll remember some of those people from $21,000 and $64,000 question went to jail because there were some people from these shows are going to go to jail.
Not because they're fixed, but because they're so bad.
This is 560, QAM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written from the public.
QAM, briefly read acquisition course.
No car, Hs L papel, Engel Toilet, focus at Oopi.
Hey, who you looking at?
Who?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Life is a nutcase.
You can't look directly at him.
You cannot look in his eyes.
No.
If you do your job goes by by.
He'd say, when I come in a room,
you leave it, you leave without turning around.
It's no wonder they deal that long.
You try to love, for a second of none.
Well, if I'd guys there job,
another soon you and when you're white.
You're like a lady, you slide to love.
You keep it deep in your mind.
Thank you, backscores, your gosh.
There's gonna treat men just the right.
And you're gonna meet 10, 14, and 550, WKM.
Here's the best facts we ever received on this show.
From Ken and Miami Lakes.
Nice going, Ken.
It says, Jimmy and Danny and Aleyon.
There's another big for both of us.
Yeah, you can just take the same one and stick it in there.
It just says over and over again on here.
Jimmy and Danny and Aleyon.
And Aleyon.
Oh my god, is there anything else going on this town?
No.
All of us are like sick as the dog and everybody's got the intestinal flu
and puking and all kinds of crap.
And the crap is to top it all up.
Here's a great cartoon, which I missed.
Thank you for practicing this to me from the sunset and all on whatever day this is.
It says, what's next for Aleyon?
And it shows him sitting in a chair with a thorn, the authority crown.
He's sitting on a high chair and there's a guy with suspenders.
What are your people, of course?
He says, I do some cure.
He's touching them on the head.
Yeah, the miracle workers.
He's the baby Jesus.
I know it. The baby Jesus.
Interesting.
Paul, by the way, Channel 10, it seems to me.
And I hate to say this because I will never watch Channel 10 News.
No.
I just couldn't bring myself to do it.
But Michael Putney, who's a good guy, even though very stupid and boring, but a good guy,
they expanded his show yesterday morning or Sunday morning.
Do you have Miss Monday?
All right.
Sunday morning, they expanded the usual boring Sunday morning show.
And they showed all these polls that they took.
Very, very, very, very, very, very interesting.
Of all the people they had, and the question was, do you support these slowdowns
than the civil disobedience in regard to all this crap that's been going on here?
Of all the respondents, 74% of the people said no, and only 24% said no.
Of the Hispanic respondents, 28% said no.
And 58% said no, no, no.
How do you like that?
See?
See?
No.
I see.
Yeah.
So this is, and that's why there really been a handful of people out there because the fact is that what,
and I'm not going to go into that thing about should he stay?
Should he leave?
Because I'm just, I can't stand it.
Maybe that's what I got.
Maybe got alien disease.
That could be it.
Uh-huh.
Just coming out of every poor in my body.
I can't take anymore with all the respect to this poor little kid.
And I do mean poor little kid because he still is even more than ever before.
We got Dan Burton now.
We got this local judge whose name is Gonzalez, but she's a Puerto Rican.
And all of a sudden, the crap going on.
And this kid, they're tugging on one arm and tugging on the other.
He is a human wishbone.
So I feel really bad for him.
And of course, thank God that we did it right at the time being he's over there because they, uh,
they propagandize over there.
I'll propaganda.
Thank God we don't brainwash and propagandize over here.
All right.
That's not the American effing way.
Is it all it is?
But like I said, there are two different issues.
Two different issues.
And I noticed that the assholes, uh, the basuto, jo basuto.
From your friends, uh, what is it?
Brothers lost in the Everglades shooting themselves in the feet to 56.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, something like that.
And that the Sowl Sanchez and at the Getchke with the Yavuku,
I'm starting to get pissed every time I see him.
I'm sick and tired of yours.
I am.
You know, he's not what I'm I'm sure he is.
No, he is not.
He's not what of anybody.
He's a gold Getchke is what he is.
God, get that smart off your head.
People are starting to talk.
And he's talking about brainwashing.
I saw that King had 600 guests online.
And I was talking about this.
And here's this Getchke with a schmata on.
And he's talking about the potential for poor little aliens over there being brainwashed.
And I'm thinking to myself, who are you?
Can what that's right?
Will that schmata on your head, Spencer?
And how many years locked the you know, name Spencer except maybe Spencer Ross?
Remember Spencer Ross?
No.
Well, too bad.
Stan Burstian and Spencer Ross.
Come on, get with it.
The clients would be off.
Oh, well, what is that on?
Uh, some in BC.
I'll just put that on.
Oh, no, I don't know.
I don't want to put that stuff on again.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
Huh?
I will not put that on.
But like I said, there's two different issues.
And I guarantee you, I assure you, I promise you that nothing different would have happened
except a lot of people, a lot of us people would have been inconvenienced.
And a lot of people would have a big smile on their face.
They would be sick.
If just a whole bunch of people would have come out and demonstrated peacefully,
Ilyana Gross-Latin would have still been there, and Jose Basuelto would have still been there,
and Saul Sanchez and all these other getchkeys, they still would have been there,
and they still would have gotten their brownie points, and Dan Burton, who never met a fidelity liked,
and of course, the way it's dinner, we don't like poison, he still would have done his thing,
and all the right wing Republicans would have still been doing their thing,
and making a big political issue out of this.
Without inconvenience in here, but without the threats.
That's what really pisses people off, the threats.
Oh, we're going to slow it on the airport.
Well, what is that going to accomplish?
Yeah, like a bunch of sporad little brats.
And let me say it again, a very, very small, tiny minority of assholes,
assholes, and each and every one of you that believes that blocking off disrupting other people's lives
who have nothing to do with whatever your issue is to get your way,
it's not acceptable, you're an asshole.
Period.
Sunset and the Long Saturday, in fact two good eductorials.
Of course, the Harold, Harold just can't seem to find a co-host and really tell it like it is, you know?
I can't imagine why, you know what I'm saying?
I can't imagine why.
Sunset and the Long Saturday says,
Elyon Gonzalez protests must be peaceful and legal.
It says anyone who wants to demonstrate against the U.S. government's decision to return Elyon Gonzalez
to his father in Cuba has the right to do so,
but this right includes an obligation to protest in a peaceful and legal manner.
Yes!
The protesters who have tried to block traffic and disrupt orders are breaking the line
and the inheriting their cause.
Absolutely.
Absolutely correct.
It appeared that no more than 1,000 protesters in Dave County, home to 780,000 Cuban Americans,
took to the streets on Thursday, then stood against the INS decision.
While a majority of Cuban Americans may believe Elyon should stay in the U.S.,
most of them remain calm over his imminent return to Cuba.
A minority, though, have sat in the middle of the Vigilator section,
charged barricades and thrown bottles at police officers who try to control the crowd.
Such behavior is not only irresponsible and illegal, it's dangerous.
Absolutely correct.
Two protesters were run down by an angry motorist who was trying to get around the demonstrators.
Fortunately, the two protesters were not seriously injured.
In a separate incident, a police officer was also hit by a car and taken to a hospital with minor injuries.
This reckless behavior needs to stop before somebody gets killed.
Absolutely correct.
Protesters include many elderly Cuban Americans who are the faithful listeners of Spanish language radio programs
that have expressed outrage over the Elyon issue.
Radio commentators have a right to free speech, but they also have a responsibility to encourage respect for law and order.
Absolutely correct.
Some violent protests involve young people who have seized the Elyon debate as an invitation to a brawl.
They are clearly out on a joy ride.
What sounds like my show from that day, doesn't it?
Many day police have a difficult situation in the need to help the exiled leaders to maintain peace
they should get this up without reservation.
Those who truly believe Elyon should stay are not helping this child when they try to hold a city hostage
by promoting civil disorder protestors are convincing most non-cubans that Elyon should go home sooner rather than later.
There you go.
And let me just say this.
Let me add this in the middle of these two-graded torals from the Sun Sentinel that at this point I'm just...
I have no problem with this stand.
No problem with that.
And like I said on Friday, I could make the word...
Forget about that Getki with Ishmata.
I could make a thousand times more convincing case for him staying.
The father applied for an exit visa twice in Cuba.
There is not one word now that comes from the father that can be believed because of the fact that they twist him away from the house.
Cast your wine and dine in and they hand him like in custody.
Therefore a week brainwashing do in their thing, although he did not go to Disney World anymore.
No.
Not yet. No.
In addition to which...
How about the dry foot, wet foot policy?
Okay? Thanks to those two fishermen in Pompovich, the kid managed to get his feet on American soil.
He's here. How come he couldn't stay?
Like all of the other people in many of whom quite frankly ought to go back.
Please.
So there's a tremendous case to be made.
And of course it's very obvious that anybody who wants to look at this objectively,
the reason the father isn't here is because he's got a wife and another child over there.
Now even if Castor allows him to come here to pick up his son,
is he going to allow the...
You know what it reminds me of?
Which Godfather wasn't.
It was Godfather II?
With the brother.
With the brother.
Oh yeah. And all of a sudden...
Oh, I didn't know Godfather?
Yeah, I was in the olive oil business with his father.
I didn't know no Godfather?
Yeah, he told me to stay there to say that I'm not a meat but I'm like, oh, okay, sure.
Yeah, Frankie Pintangely.
That was between the brothers.
Yeah, I was between a brother because they brought his brother in from Greece.
They stood him in the back of the courtroom.
He looked around and all of a sudden, but he was singing a different tune.
Am I right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Same thing here.
If I, Ilya and his father comes over here,
they got to...
Are they going to let them all come here?
No.
Of course not because they let them all come here.
They're all going to say, hey guess what?
We decided to, in fact, by finegula, if we're not coming back.
I mean, does it take a genius to figure that out?
No.
Of course not.
Of course not.
So he's not going to let the Gothamish Baha'i come over here, the grandparents, the father,
the new wife, and of course not.
So there's an overwhelming case that could be made for this kid staying here.
And quite frankly, I don't care.
I don't care.
I think that most of us would like our lives back.
Yeah.
I mean, surely there might...
Oh, don't call me surely.
There must be more important things going on in the world and in this town than that.
Yeah.
That's a genius, Danny.
Exactly.
Jimmy and Danny, without Aliah.
Yeah.
For one more week, by the way.
And by the way, George tells me that yesterday there were people calling George with
dolphin comments.
Oh my God.
Are you people out of your mind calling Mr. Antide Sports?
And by the way, don't call me with a leader because I don't think about you beating a girl's
team on Sunday.
I saw that crap.
Jesus Christ.
Desperation to beat to squeeze by a girl's team.
Oh, and these people, all of a sudden, oh, Jimmy, we want some hope.
We want...
Oh, well, Troy, not some hope.
We'll story some rope.
So hang yourselves, okay?
You people that are living in some kind of a dream mode and a delusionary state like Florida.
But the other issue, like I said, the one that's important is how you go about doing these things.
And this crap has got to stop.
And these incessant threats.
Oh, wow.
And I love the way he says, well, you know, of course, if he does go back, I have no...
I can't say what would happen in this town then.
There's no telling.
Yeah.
Threat after threat after threat after...
And let me ask you, how much disruption you're going to cause with your 1000 disputes?
Because between the channel 10 pool and the very small numbers of people who showed up who were mostly
older, the people like it said in the editorial and a bunch of punks out there for a joy right on the streets.
How much disruption are they going to cause?
They just aren't that many.
The overwhelming majority of people with the Cubans or Americans or Africans or Martians, they don't give a flying crap.
They have an opinion obviously because they've been overwhelmed with this stuff day after day after day, even more than Jimmy and Danny.
They have an opinion.
But they're not going to like take time from making a living and living their lives and getting laid or whatever else they enjoy doing to go out there and make a whole big
peaceful demonstration.
Did they win any brownie points?
No.
Oh, that was a bad expression.
I'm sorry, brownie.
Darky points?
No.
Whatever.
No.
No.
Very sad.
And the other one in today's subpoena complicates matter.
Congress, no place for custody battle.
But again, keep in mind, Dan Burton.
Here's the guy who was trying to get Janorino impeached last year because he wouldn't point that special prosecutor.
Hates are like poison.
And of course, a co-author of the Helms Burton act.
Hates to hell and Janorino equally as much.
In fact, if Janor had a beard, probably you'd think they were the same person.
Janus Mosmacho, Janor Orfidel, that impudel.
Not that we're bringing politics into what you understand.
And then Larry blows it last night.
Of course, I did watch that because he had 15,000 guests on here.
He says to Dan Burton, do you have children?
Evidently, Larry's Alzheimer's must be kicking it again.
He must forget that illogidimate child that came out last year during penis gait.
Dan Burton, five of the illogins, Mr. Moralist, like Henry N. is hide.
Henry Hyde who broke up the family of that guy in the World of Heli, in Western.
Right.
You've faker Dan Burton, you have any children?
Yeah, some that you know about and some that you don't.
Oh my God.
And then of course that Jappy cousin of his, of alienate, whatever her name is, the Gonzalez Ross,
Garcia Schwartz, Jones Rodriguez, whatever her name is.
Oh, if I have to see her for one more second on her, she's an expert on immigration.
Oh yeah, the whole, the Gontz and Mershbacher, they're all immigration experts now.
Jim Manditz talks sports.
Oh, he's right.
Right here.
On sports radio, 560 Q.A.
Al Engel Mochopiejo and Al Pumpe.
From the director of the Shawshank Redemption.
It's the movie you knew Tom Hanks would eventually make.
Hey, God did not put a gift like that in the pants of a man who he did not intend to use it.
Starring another slow-witted southerner, our president.
He told me not to go near it because it was so big and never right.
Oh yeah, well, obviously, Daisy, here take my Hanky and wipe your chin off, would you?
Can't have any evidence.
It's the cream-to-smile.
What's he?
That was almost really embarrassing.
Yeah, do you see any more anywhere else?
Oh, well, you see you still miss on them.
You have to clean that up, darling.
The cream-to-smile in CDP theaters everywhere.
1031 and 560 WQM.
So George tells me yesterday was kind of a battle of struggle here and it looks to me like it's going to be again today.
You know what I'm saying?
Which I don't understand for the life of me.
560-70560, 05-560 on the AT&T line.
In today's Suncentle, it says,
The subpoena complicates matter.
Congress no place for custody battle.
US representative Dan Burton has made the case of Ilyon Gonzalez.
Any easy to understand by issuing a subpoena to have the child testify before Congress on February 10th.
An action that could postpone the boys return to Cuba.
What can a six-year-old child who does not speak English possibly tele-American lawmaker is the likely answer is very little.
Burton, who is chairman of the House government and reform committee, said he's trying to buy time for Ilyon supporters
so they can take the boys' case to court.
Yet these supporters don't need a congressional subpoena to ask the courts for a temporary restraining order against the IMS,
which had decided to send the home boy home January 14th.
In fact, a Miami-Dade Circuit Court issued a temporary protective order Monday that would keep Ilyon in the US until March giving the boys Miami relatives their day in court.
While the courts are the proper place for custody battle, a congressional hearing is not.
The subpoena is addressed to a six-year-old and it's unclear what impact it'll have on the IMS if any.
Let's get real. This is a little boy who watched his mother drown and now finds himself separated from his father and his closest family members who live in Cuba.
Supporters raise a valid point that Ilyon would have a better life in the US, but a better and free life, though important and precious, is not enough to terminate a father's parental rights.
The IMS is determined that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the legal guardian of his son, Ilyon.
Federal investigators found that Gonzalez had a close relationship with the boy, even though he was divorced from Ilyon's mother, who drowned on the journey to Florida.
Cuba's communist regime may be forcing Gonzalez to insist on the boys return to Cuba as Ilyon's US supporter suggests.
It would be better if Gonzalez traveled to the US to make his true wishes known, but no father needs a dictator standing over him to say that he loves his son and wants him to come home.
Burton's subpoena isn't shedding any light on Ilyon's case only making it more complicated.
It's an indication that Burton, a conservative Republican from Indiana, can't let go of the Cold War.
How do you like that? Two great editorials and a son sentinel.
Two out of three days, not bad, 6067.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line looks like the catch got their tongue this week.
Here's four Myers, hello.
Hey, how's it going, buddy?
Okay, sir.
All right, you were talking about, well, first of all, yeah, I was watching Larry last night, Larry King.
Yeah.
Any heavy people on? He had some, uh, wetsome.
I saw it.
Yeah, you saw it.
Okay. Yeah, it's amazing to me. I'm convinced more than ever that that's the old boy is going to be the next great philosopher because that girl, that cousin.
Okay, the cousin of boys saying that supposedly he can explain how people are suffering in Cuba.
Okay, he can explain how he wants to stay here.
A six year old boy knows this, Neil.
A six year old boy can, can, can, can, can, can hold a, uh,
And don't forget, uh, Senator Bob Smith from New Hampshire, that good Republican right wing fat slop.
He says, oh, Ilyon told him a couple of times he wants to go back home.
Well, it doesn't want to go back home. He wants to stay here.
Listen, I had nothing against the boy. I just really, this was really sad.
Yeah, I used to live in Miami and this is, this is really, it's a circus.
It's a, it's a circus. It's a three ring embarrassing circus.
The baby juice.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, I'm telling, I guess I'm telling my friend, but family, that kid's been going to be like the next confused.
She's a great philosopher.
Maybe he'll be performing miracles. He's healing people. He may be using the baby juice.
Hey, on a second note.
By the way, did you happen to see that today show this morning?
No, I don't want to.
You will never get to Matt Lauer with talking to this morning.
He was talking to our baby Jesus.
He was talking to our bell and some and some some New York Times, not New York Times, but some writer that he wrote a book.
If you check it out in Amazon, our bell wrote a new book called The Coming Global Superstorm.
Yeah, more intending danger.
Oh, something about the, the, the, the, the, the melting ice cap of the polar North.
I mean, this is good guys crazy.
It's crazy. I don't know.
And have a great day.
That tells you what it's coming to when the today show, a supposedly respectable news show puts Art Bell on the, or a madman, or radio madman, appealing to the craziest people in the US of eight.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785 Neil out of town line.
Here's a call in the Grove.
Hello.
Coconut Grove.
Neil, happy Tuesday.
And back to you.
How are you?
I'm better.
Good.
But anyway, yesterday I almost was Channel 7 or Channel 4.
They used your Jimmy and Danny bit.
Really?
And, uh, I don't know, but it was on the sports, uh, when they did their sports show.
And it, you know, they pumped it out there and, uh, kind of cracked out.
But, uh, they actually played Jimmy and Danny's.
Yes.
Yeah.
I don't know if it was Channel 7.
If there's anybody out there that did see it, it was either Channel 7 or Channel 4.
And it was on the sports show.
But of course they didn't give us credit for it.
No, no, no, no.
No, no.
They mentioned WIOD, the sports station at all.
WIOD?
W, um.
Did you say WIOD, sir?
Is that what I just heard you say?
Oh, I, I, oh my god.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I hate that state.
Yeah, me too.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
It was a great light moment.
But anyway, about this, uh, six-year-old, uh, just some, uh, dollars missed it.
Out there, those old parts out there that are, uh, the cause of this and a couple, uh, that they just, they got a stand-up ground and, uh, they got a, uh, they, we just got to get strong with them and, uh, not, uh, this is strong.
Because Miami is, uh, toilet.
You got it.
And, uh, thank you for taking my call.
And thank you for making it, Paul.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you for making your statement and movement.
In fact, here's the facts from a chronic factor.
It's as ever since, early on, came to Miami.
I know a lot of people, including myself, have got diarrhea.
How do you like that?
And I'm telling you, I think you're Fidel.
Fidel sent some kind of a killer virus here with the baby Jesus to try to avoid poison, so I'm Florida.
Don't take it out on the kid, but boy, oh boy.
And maybe it's just a coincidence.
You think it's a coincidence?
No.
And everybody seems to be like sick and puking and gagging and, uh, squirting their brains out.
Wow.
Maybe we better have a congressional investigation about that.
And who better to, uh, head it up than Dan Burton, of course.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I thought they'd be smoking today, man.
I thought they'd be hyperventilating.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Are you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I do feeling better.
Just a quick comment on immigration.
You know, we have, we have so many different types of hyperventilating groups in this country and all the cities.
So, last is for the next two centuries.
I can't understand why every time somebody wants to maybe change the immigration system and close our borders automatically.
And don't forget, by the way, the people who want to do that are the same Republicans that are screaming the hell out about poor aliens, stay here, etc.
And so on.
Those are the ones who want to close the borders.
Don't want any more AI immigration, etc.
And so on.
But, of course, don't confuse the local people there with that, because they vote for all Republicans anyway.
So what the reason is, isn't it?
Right.
And if, from fortunate that the candidates, those are the type of candidates that want to close our borders.
Because right away they're labeled as racist.
Anybody who wants to close our borders is labeled as a racist.
And I don't understand that.
That's a legitimate suggestion.
I say take care of the American people first.
Take care of the people you got here now.
Then start worrying about the being Godfathered everybody else.
Absolutely.
And he's been.
Absolutely.
And one last comment.
If the courts tomorrow come February, come March, decide that Ellie and I have to go back to Cuba.
I'm willing to accept the United States government's decision.
And if I want to protest, I'll go out there and I'll do it in a peaceful manner.
But I guarantee you that if that decision comes to life, these people are going to go back out there and break the law
and do the same thing they did all over again.
It's a ridiculous, ridiculous progression.
Just cross your fingers and pray that we don't have to go through this again this Friday.
Oh, especially anybody who might have to go to the airport on Friday.
Oh my God.
I'm definitely praying.
One last comment here.
I know that you got a viral infection.
I just want to go to the violent infection, yeah.
From the intestinal?
Yeah.
I was going to suggest to you, and I know you may not want to hear this, but I don't want to hear it.
The adkins diet, I don't think it's helping you.
Who's doing the adkins diet?
I'm not doing the adkins diet.
Oh, you're not doing it for like four hours at a time in my sleep.
So what kind of a diet are you doing now?
It's called being sick diet.
It works very well, by the way.
Look, it's traditional.
Like today, in fact, today I'm doing the young kipper diet.
I'm doing a fast because I have to prep for tomorrow and this afternoon I have to drink a bunch of stuff
that's going to make me crap my brains out for that tomorrow I can do all my testing.
Stick tubes all over my body.
Correcto.
And then tell me, oh, well, I'll go home.
Well, I'm going to give you a suggestion.
You may not like it, but it may sound artsy, farcey to you, but the macrobiotic diet is definitely one of the best.
Have a great day, my friend.
My first guest on WKET a hundred years ago, Mishio Kushi.
He and his wife, the great proponents of the macrobiotic diet.
The same man that told me, oh, there's no problem that he spoke those strange little cigarettes.
You know, it was in those cigarettes, don't you?
Yeah, but at any rate, guess what he did?
He died from cancer.
Oh, how surprising.
With his macrobiotic diet, very, very dangerous or pleased, I've been plenty of my own research.
The macrobiotic diet is clacariots, garbage.
You know what the best diet is?
Don't eat.
Yeah, that's the best diet.
Don't eat.
Eat very, very little.
Don't eat a bunch of crap.
Don't eat a lot of fatty stuff.
And that's the best diet.
Don't eat.
Don't be obsessed with food.
And by the way, I shouldn't mention on here that my good close friend, Fat Rich,
who's a real celebrity on his show over the many years.
You know, Fat Rich from the Arroudra Show, that guy.
I shouldn't mention that he's in the hospital with an intensive care.
And you'll Plasty.
And you know what it was from?
Fat.
That's right.
You know, Fat Rich reminds me of my mother.
Only a fatter version.
Take care of yourself, Fat Man.
And you'll Plasty a shunt, which rhymes with stunt.
That's what happens when you become obsessed with food, man.
To all of us.
I know you people in the audience, you're rather here about food.
You'd rather Haka trying to go out fish food and all this other good stuff.
But you know, when it push comes to shove, when you're lying there staring at your maker, you know, at Marvin Maker.
Coming down the stretch, you say, oh, maybe I shouldn't have eaten that last point.
That's what alcohol thing is going to say when he's there gasping for oxygen in his life.
Like that.
Yeah, he's going to say, maybe I shouldn't have eaten that last quote.
But what he's going to say, trust me.
Hurricane, basketball.
Raking, riding, riding, riding, roll.
Locains, travel to Jersey to take on the sinking hole.
Hines tonight.
Join the new boys to the hurricane's more than direct.
Chosing acting for the action.
Hurricane's warm up.
Start at 7.
Here on Sports Radio 560 QAA.
50 Hoover, out the moon, man.
Today's broadcast is brought to you by New Sicken Clean, the all-purpose cleaner.
See this shirt?
It's f**king clean.
How nasty is this carpet stain?
Well, just dropped out of your knees.
Use a little bit of elbow grease and f**king clean it.
Yes, you can f**king clean anything.
F**king clean your dog.
F**king clean your silverware.
F**king clean your car.
F**king clean everything you own.
Get f**king clean today.
Come visit one of our eight f**king clean stores.
Or look us up on the web at www.f**kingclean.com
and f**king clean it up.
Okay, 16 to 11 at 5.
16 WQM.
So a very nice statement.
Whatever her name is, Renate.
That's kind of an unusual name.
R-E-N-A-I, but a nice name.
She sends me some stuff.
Some button, she says.
My name is Renate.
I own a company called BS Button Company.
My husband is an avid listener.
And all this past week he's been telling me about your stories about alien gunvalles.
I love the way I say that, by the way.
So much better than all the way.
I know how to say it.
I know my espagnol.
See?
So as I first read it, it says in America,
I'm tired of all the illegal coming over here to South Florida and getting everything for free.
There's nothing worth any illegal coming, by the way.
Of course, of course.
I've decided to make a button for you and to make this for your staff.
If you desire to give any way it's that of and so on.
Please understand I have a love for children that I truly feel what's happening since Thanksgiving with this boy.
Has been a total joke.
And of course, obviously yes.
And so Renate sends me a few of these with a band symbol, band alien.
Which doesn't mean anything to him personally, but it means enough of the crap already.
I think basically is what it means.
Button lovers in Carl Springs.
Is that any of their business?
B-A-O-B-S button lovers.
Nice going there, Renate.
Thank you, sweetheart.
That's for you.
Yeah.
The band symbol with alien in the middle just to your name.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th and of course CNN, man.
They're obsessed with it.
The whole King's show last night for an hour, right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Longing, 60 dollars.
And then of course the lead store and every guy they have newscasts morning noon and night, around the clock.
And so this is a big story.
So this is important.
It is not important.
It's important to this kid.
It's important to his father.
It's important to people who are immediately involved.
Am I immediately involved?
No.
Are any of you immediately involved?
No.
Jesus, Joseph and Mary, man.
I've been trying to tell you for a long time.
The media is sick and they've helped out me.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When was the hour?
Yeah.
You've left out some important people in this evening on.
Is that the right way to say it?
No, I'm whatever you like.
Yeah.
Kennedy, Torselli, Dwyche.
Yeah.
And then this.
And now, outdoors.
Yeah.
That's right.
Now, the Democrats are jumping on the bandwagon.
Yeah, that's absolutely fair.
Well, listen, this is what I said last week.
It's a pissing contest.
Yeah.
Who can piss the farthest?
Right.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay.
Like some of those tribal Africans, you know, who can.
Squared, squared.
Shoot it to farthest.
That's what they're doing.
They're having a contest.
Oh, yeah.
No, we're the most in favor of this little boy.
No, no.
We're the most in favor.
No, we're the best.
We're the great humanitarians.
And you know what you all are?
You're a bunch of political horrors.
Each and every one of you.
You know, I'm not that political horrors.
And this kid, he doesn't count for anything.
That's the saddest part.
That's the most tragic part.
Don't believe for a minute that any of those people, whether it's Jolba Sulto or any of these folks,
give one flying crap about it and Bob Smith, that big fat turd burger from New Hampshire.
He cares about this kid or Maine or where the hell he's from.
What a piece of crap he is.
Oh, no, he told me he wants to stay here.
It doesn't want to go back.
No, say I'll fly bull crap about key, okay?
Senator Smith.
And what kind of a name is that?
Anyway, forgot to talk to China with all these Cubans Smith.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Dean.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Is it just one to, if I may, correct you on the information of the mayor of Miami?
Is that Carl?
Is it kind of for you?
Kind of for you.
Check with George without me.
He's going to let you down.
Okay.
Another amateur comedian out there and does George get it?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp probably saying something dirty on your hood down.
Yeah.
Good.
Thank you.
You're on your inflexed ear or something dirty every now and then.
Here's a candle.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, the majority of this community, as you said, agrees with everything that you have stated.
I'm glad you mentioned the poll on Channel 10.
And you know, it made me feel better about the life.
I knew that.
I was shocked and very pleasingly shocked.
That 68% of the Hispanics said they do not support this crap out there, block it a traffic and block it a street and slowing down.
They do not support it.
I was absolutely amazed, but it gave me a good feeling that there are some normal people out there.
Right.
Neil, let me let me mention that.
Let me postpone the scenario that is high in the problem.
Before you propose that, just keep this in mind.
If there weren't the overwhelming majority who felt that way, there would have been a lot more than just a few scattering of people out there in the streets.
Exactly.
But anyway, they caused a great deal of stress and discomfort for this community.
As Nick Carter would say, chaos, right?
Neil, what if one of these people like this Mr. Ramon Lopez or Sanchez, they had a child?
Now, I say this is highly improbable.
Yeah.
What would happen if they were sent to his right in the parking lot in front of the stadium over your right?
One of his children was hijacked or taken by a human network.
You're confusing them with a fact.
Don't dignified by going with that extent.
My point is this country would probably be, could be, could be, at war with Cuba.
No, we're not going to war with Cuba.
No, no, no, no, I'm saying if the child was an American, taken to Cuba, I don't think this government, because Cuba is not strong enough to do anything to this government.
We're not going to war with Cuba, sir, believe me.
The whole thing is so happening.
I only wish that we would go to war with Cuba tonight and I wake up in the morning and the bearded one will be gone.
And all these agitators will be back there on their plantations and they will build their casinos and do their thing.
We could all live happily ever after.
That would lead to happier than anybody.
I'm just glad it's a minority of the Latin community because where I live most of my neighbors are decent and good people and I don't know these people don't have a life.
And most of my neighbors, I don't know and I'm happy to keep it that way and have a great day.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785, we got Hank from Cool City at 2, the big fat booster at 6,
Herakun, basketball at 7, Ed Kaplan, 1039 who keeps getting, by the way, I had a spy report from memory yesterday your close personal friend who was monitoring your show.
And he said, you know, we were, yeah.
And he says that you mentioned something about Ed Kaplan being responsible for all those Gulf Stream Facts on the top it said from Ed Kaplan.
From Ed Kaplan, then why is he faxing him over here?
I don't know.
I don't know. That's what their fax machine says at Gulf Stream.
From Ed Kaplan, he's wasting all of our, he doesn't even know his own guy, the fax number over there.
What is wrong with his man? He must have had a bad, a bad lifetime at the track.
And Kaplan, one for radio, I switch to the WNP Ray.
Oh my God, stop wasting our fax paper ready. They're going to start taking the money out of your paycheck.
I got doubts on the case.
Oh good.
That should take care of it, don't you think?
No.
Just leave him alone, okay?
Oh boy, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th T line. Here's the lady in West Palm. Hello.
Hey Neil, 6 minutes.
I think it's about 5 minutes.
Go ahead, that's your line.
I heard you talking about the quiz shows earlier.
I was on, he wants to be a millionaire in November.
You were on it?
Yeah, I didn't win anything in the chair, but anyway, just to let people know because I had a lot of questions about this, why people don't ask surprised when they call.
Because it's obviously edited.
Well, alright, and they are called as soon as the person gets in the chair and told your friend is in the chair, be ready to be right by the phone.
Right. I like the Ted Bundy thing, your friend is in the chair, if he lasts words.
They all know that, that's why they don't react.
Right.
Anyway.
And it very poorly edited to him, it's very obvious.
You know, it took an hour and a half to take my half hour show. They stopped taking constantly.
They retake questions, they ask them, the contestants have to react and say the thing over and over again.
And the questions they act, and the guy that won a half a million last night, who was pontificating and the drums were going, oh well, it could be this.
And the one that he had to ask for help was duck duck.
Oh no, what's that incredible?
What is that? Duck duck goose?
I thought that was really fun.
If the President's initials are BC, you know, I mean, what does that mean?
What kind of questions are these?
I don't know.
And is that your final answer?
Final answer?
Yeah, no.
That is annoying.
It's horrible.
It's a horrible show.
I'm sorry.
I know.
And I'm trying to get back on, but you don't want to see Bob Barker. He'll fix you up.
Hey, that's a good show.
Okay, do it soon though, because you know, have a great day.
Okay, bye.
Yeah, better go see Bob Barker real soon, because he's not getting any younger, but that's an eight million times better show, even though they go to a little bit more than you do.
That's the only reason that these, and now we got Dick Clark. That old dick is coming back.
He just signed for another hundred years from New Year's Eve there in Times Square.
And he's got another guy named 50 billion dollars show for twenty-trillion dollars.
Oh my god.
And then they got to bring it out and show you all the money.
And then the public is out there just eating it up.
Which, of course, I will say this.
It certainly is bad as they are.
They're more entertaining than all of the goddamn stupid sitcoms.
And these other crappy melodramas they got on there.
Horrible stuff.
Thank God for 50 satellite dishes, which by the way, I want you to write down this phone number, which I did bring in today.
Where is it?
Instead of calling me with stupid questions about satellite dishes, if you're interested in a small dish,
one, tripe-late, dish, help.
That's a toll-free number and they can tell you anything you want to know about the direct TV.
What's the other one?
Dish network.
Any of those small dishes.
One, tripe-late, dish, help.
Which there's too many letters, but that, you know, they don't want to do dish hell.
That would have sounded bad.
Nobody wants to be in dish hell.
Do they?
No.
One, tripe-late, dish, help.
And so instead of calling here or anybody else with stupid questions, call that number.
And that's how you how great it is.
And it was a big article in the business section of one of the papers the other day.
What paper was it?
I'm glad you asked.
The hero.
And it says, cables direct thread.
Big article about they changed it along the satellite TV industry and the local channels, which I'll get to later on maybe.
And as usual, I'm like light years ahead of all the rest.
I'm telling you, say goodbye to the cable company.
They're a bunch of grave robbers.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Neil, I enjoy your show.
And I just wanted to call you.
I called everyone.
It's been a while.
I'm on my way to New York and bought this kid.
Neil, do you really think, well, I know you don't?
These people are pathetic.
Do you think any people think and care about the welfare of this kid?
People are just making themselves a big show for nothing.
Yeah.
You know, Neil, I've worked hard on my life.
I got six donors that I educated him and my wife.
But the thing over there is, I think we got kids right here
can't even eat this kid been all of a sudden.
The dog, Disney World, and things that they did.
Everybody's just slurping all over this.
I think it's an outro.
And he's got that little puppy dog that's trying to pull his pants off, by the way.
I mean, what's the, how many times do we gotta see that threat?
A lot of kids, a lot of little kids out there who live in poverty who'd like to have a little puppy dog.
I'm from New York, man.
Neil, Neil, most of the kids will love to have a warm bed and some food in his stomach before they went to bed.
You know, Neil, I enjoy your show a lot.
I don't get to hear you a lot because I travel, but anyway, I call you occasionally.
But I really stand up for what you stand for.
I want you to do for the truth.
Thank you.
You have a good day, Neil.
And I'll pray for you.
And I'll talk to you later.
All right.
Bye-bye.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th.
T-line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Okay.
Yeah, good.
I'm talking a lot.
Are you there?
Okay.
Hey, how are you?
I'm from, uh, do you know what Glenn Hill is doing?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're right.
This is, it must be something in here.
This is the week all the crazy people came back from this.
It was from Zeta, no less.
Maybe all the normal people are sick and bad.
Yeah, that's right.
All the normal people.
We all got to crud the intestinal flu and the influenza and a cough and a puking and they are, that's who.
Wow.
George was warning me about this from his experience yesterday.
All these bizarre, pathetic people have made it come back today.
Wow, wow, wow.
Yeah.
You don't want to have to see that?
Yeah.
10.56 at 5.60 WQAMs.
Kim Mocaver talks sports.
Oh, right.
He begins right here.
On sports radio, 5.60 QAM.
WQAMs.
My heavy 40-bottled tail.
One, two, uh, three.
I made it through college and average to see.
I have a lot of money.
Look, I'm not much of a friend.
I'm not supposed to use voters who are just this lame.
But I can say one thing that you can.
My daddy is an ex-president saying I got money.
Power is up to the rules.
I can do anything I choose.
A little bit of cash is all I need.
Is satisfied my ego and my grade.
Manipulated marketing is all I use.
A garnered vote for more around.
Just like you.
That's a fact.
That is clearly the last.
I don't think I laughed that bad.
Remember to vote for George Bush.
And those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Is that it makes a nice conversation, please?
I'm the king of denial, too.
I have no problems lying to you.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow.
A little bit of cocaine up my nose.
A little bit of tooth.
A little blow on.
When I elected out voted and all that.
When I put up the science administration, damn.
Is it good?
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQAM.
We got a couple of overlines there.
20 or 30,000, 5.60, 7.0, 5.60, 0.5, 5.60 on the 18T line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Dale.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yes, switch the conversation up a little.
I don't know if you ever had this happen to.
But I'm writing down 9.95 the other day.
And there's a funeral procession coming along.
And they have two guys not marked, please, the private,
two little motorcycles.
Zoom in in and out of traffic, going in the emergency lane
about 60 miles now.
Who the hell are these guys?
And how do they have the right to drive like that?
Well, not even police officers.
Have you ever experienced that before?
Who are these guys?
They were a funeral police.
Oh, they had the death police.
Yeah, I understand that.
But I mean, are they trained?
I mean, these guys zip in and out of traffic.
Well, I don't know.
Why did you conduct a little survey on answer?
When you find the answer, call us back.
Because I'm sure that the inquiry minds in the audience
are just dying to know the answer.
Those are the kinds of things that I'm very, very concerned about.
In fact, I spent hours and hours scouring through
and psychopedias all over the internet.
All of the worldwide wealth of literature trying to
find answers to questions like that, right?
Oh, my God.
5, 6, 7, what would happen all of a sudden?
Huh?
All of a sudden, there's kind of like a turn.
We took a turn in the road.
By the way, thanks to the people who came out on Saturday
and Nixon, thanks to the people down there and next to their wonderful folks.
And thanks for coming by, Danny.
Wrong Danny, but yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Don't stay way too long, Danny.
In fact, when it's real friend or whoever that lady was,
a sister, whoever you think she was, goes to Amsterdam,
and I'll keep Danny company.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's a miracle we had anybody show up because it was only like moments
before the appearance on Saturday that finally was down.
Well, we're not going to demonstrate today.
So I'm sure many, many people stayed the hell away.
Yeah.
Because they weren't too crazy about going to fly
or street at that particular moment.
In fact, they did cross my mind.
Here's a mobile in Drobeech.
Hello?
Welcome, Neil.
How are you?
I wasn't very well.
I'm heading south now.
I'm almost I'm in Broward.
Anyway, how are you?
Happy New Year.
I'm Cindy.
Can you come here?
Hi, you're fine.
OK.
Just a couple of comments, then I'll let you speak.
I wonder how many of these people that are out there demonstrating in the streets.
If I opened a training camp out in the Everglades tomorrow,
trained people to go, fight over in Cuba to free the country.
I wonder how many of those people that are in the streets
would sign up for this camp?
Probably none, right?
I don't know.
Anyway, also, isn't that a cross-slot to get the fly at those...
Oh, what?
Isn't there a fly?
A communist fly?
Yeah.
The fly in Cuba?
That's what I thought.
OK, have a great day, pal.
It's old material.
That's 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello?
How you doing, man?
OK, sir.
And, Neil, I talked to you about this last week.
You know, these guys, these people down in Miami, they're not Cuba.
Well, wait a minute.
You talk to me about it and you want to say the same thing again today.
I don't think so, sir.
I don't think so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
See, what do people do that?
He talked to me about it last week.
He wants to call and say the same thing again this week.
Now, you can probably get away with that in the other shows,
because when I left here on Friday, the first call on one show
I don't want to mention who it was.
Woody, you know, Steve from Hollywood.
And, of course, the screeners on those shows, even though they do intensively screened,
sometimes whatever they're in the motorway,
and the host don't want to talk to whoever wants to pick on them.
They just...
Did they ever get those voices?
No.
No.
So, it's the same old tired people saying the same old tired thing.
Sorry, pal.
Give it a rest.
Put it down on the ground.
Water red a little bit and see if it grows.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm a photojournalist.
I've been to Cuba about four times now.
I'm American citizen, born in Cuba.
I'm in my 40s.
And I think most people, my age and 30 to 48,
probably are pretty moderate concerning a lot of the information on Cuba.
I believe that the...
Pretty moderate way.
When a pretty moderate concerning the information, are Cuba, what does that mean?
Well, I'm saying, I think that many, many people, my age,
the silent majority of Cubans,
believe that the embargo should end,
because I've been there so many times, you know, nothing's going to happen.
Nothing's going to happen with what's going on in the embargo now.
But I think that a lot of people forget one thing, that it's not...
The situation is definitely a repressive regime.
But the thing that would always linger in my mind concerning this boy
is regardless of when anybody says, here, I don't believe that it's a...
From my standpoint, it's not necessarily an anti-castro type protest.
But I would already be telling it...
Well, I mean, in my situation, I'm saying it's not,
because my belief is that, based on the fact that I've been there four times,
I can never be convinced that there is 100% sincerity in what the father is saying,
unless he was literally physically here along with...
Sure, everybody else cares about that.
That's not the issue.
Like I said before, there are two separate issues, two completely separate issues.
The one issue is, should the kids stay here, or should they go back,
which is for the INS and the courts to the side?
And the other issue is, how much crap do the people who live here have to put up with?
That's the most important issue.
Yeah, I'm not...
I thought for you or for me to decide whether the kid is going to stay here
or not, or a bunch of crazy politicians or crazy bunch of old banana boat people.
It's up to the law to the side.
It's a country of laws, not a country of energy.
I agree with protests, but I do not agree with the types of protests that have been going on.
Well, that's the issue. That is the real issue.
Right.
That's immaterial to us.
The other thing though that kind of also bothers me a little bit though is that any strong...
Especially in the last couple of callers that you've had,
any type of strong, strong anti-Elean sentiment always also has to be viewed with some,
quote-unquote, anti-cuban sentiment also.
And I think that you've realized that...
What is anti-Elean sentiment?
What is anti-Elean sentiment?
Well, I think the...
Is that...
What does that mean?
There are some people that feel that he should stay, some people that feel that he should go,
and I think that many people that are vehemently toward him going back...
You're making a long thing out of something very simple that is that there are people who don't like Cuban,
and therefore I want him to go back.
Well, you didn't take that long to say that.
I could have said that in five seconds.
Let me try it again.
There are a lot of people who don't like Cubans in general, and a lot of those people want him to go back.
Four seconds.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
Am I impressed by the bruby of you, Joe?
No.
Not at all.
Oh, well, thanks for coming.
Good time, sir.
And you really did.
You buttered it.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
8-7-7-7-8-5-63-45 on a world-famous out-of-town line.
Let's try Weston.
Hello.
I yield.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I want to clear something up.
Bob Smith is from New Hampshire, not Maine.
I said New Hampshire, and then I made a mistake.
I said, oh, who knows?
One of those Yahoo States.
Yeah, but you know, he's here to be an embarrassment
to the state of Maine.
OK.
And I don't know if any Republicans out there
would ever do anything for anybody to be truthful.
You know, if these politicians, they all want their 50 minutes,
if they would get on the bad wet bandwagon in Washington
and in other areas, they'd represent
and try to take care of the people's business,
there'd be a lot better.
Yeah, I understand what senators from Indiana and from Maine
have got to do with what's going on here in South Florida.
I don't understand that.
Nothing.
Now if the Graham says something, then I can say.
Then ignore it.
Ignoring if Senator Max says something just plug your ears.
That's right.
He's a terrible average.
The fact he's going to be gone.
Ask him how grand that he's doing with that baseball thing.
Have a great day, pal.
OK, thanks.
Hey, Connie McNebron's granded eddy for ya.
Long live.
Eight minutes after 11 and 5 600 wqM S Christians.
Look at all those mandanding semi andjing in Danny.
We're kidding.
That's right.
We Asianian greetings.
That's right, Kimmy.
We're a Pakistani.
This is aian, too.
We have a mobile from Miramar. Hello.
Can you hear me okay? I got a question about a Jimmy and Danny situation.
Yeah, Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
David, what lay?
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
And that's a form about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Along The
Hot Gents, wherever you thought it comes with its own frigid air.
1113 at 560 W.K.
And by the way, in the story in Saturday's which paper is this the hero about
Cecil? Oh yeah, we talked about Cecil.
In the story in Saturday's hero,
it says host on local radio sports talk shows have picked up the theme about
him. No one is brought saying unnamed inciders have heard of a relationship
between the two from Collins himself.
Even though, of course, he denied that in his confession.
And then it goes on to say WQM Sports commentator Joel Rose, who has discussed the
case on the air, said on Thursday broadcast that he was subpoenaed and testifying
the case. What he gonna say? I like the we we.
Yeah, probably.
The state attorney's office citing the gag order would need the confirmed or
denied that his subpoena had been issued to Rose. How do you like that?
Grab the word. Yeah.
Unbelievable.
See, even if they didn't have a relationship, I realized that some of the
jocks nippers on this radio station have a hard time understanding that if you
have a relationship with somebody, you don't take the screen off their window
and break in 530 in a morning. Usually.
Of course, it could be a little bit unusual. It could be different. That's the way
it's done here. Who knows? Only the experts on a station would know things like that.
If he was just trying to dip his lick a little bit. Yeah, sure was.
I'm sure she thought so too. 1114 at 560 WQAM. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello.
Neil, God.
Hey, to change the subject matter, but there's actually something in the
editorial section of the the rag the Harold last week that I thought was
significant. One of our high school principals, he sexually harassed a
couple of his his teachers and his secretary was found guilty and made the pay.
The school board made the pay over half a million dollars.
Oh, right. Yeah.
And he was made to pay over a hundred thousand dollars and then guess what his
punishment was. What is that? They found him a nice cushy
read assigned them. Yeah. Not got rid of them. Not prosecuted.
They want the thought he was a priest on the side.
That's what I'm saying. That only is it bad for for the way we're teaching our
children. So think of the money. They're always the clean. They don't have enough
money and hear the spedding all this money to bail this guy out.
Then how many more times they're going to have to do it.
And by the way, whatever happened with that prostitute, the ring, which is now
almost a year old, that story. It's still a little bit more.
Yeah, the police of the town.
The police of Brown. Yeah, what happened with that?
And what happened with the school teacher in Hollywood,
without the young boy that they moved in with the family and all that stuff?
That was it. That was a moral.
But whatever happened with it, they think it died, you know,
because they don't care. They just want to.
Oh, I forgot. I forgot. We got alien. Have a great day, sir.
We got alien and Jimmy and Danny.
We don't kind of talk about those things. Do we? No, because nobody wants to know.
By the way, somebody sent me this from the Irish independent,
tried to December 10, 1990. I'm just a couple of weeks ago, a month.
First time I think I've ever received an Irish newspaper.
Thank you, profusely. It says,
pedophile priest, long reign of terror. How do you like that?
In Ireland, no less.
There's no fact in the church.
A retired priest, yesterday pleaded guilty away horrendous,
underlined horrendous, lit in the of sexual abuse against
all their boys. What a shock. What a surprise.
The 71-year-old admitted 41 sample counts of sexual assault,
buggery and indecent assault in the period from 1966.
Correct him to 1982. He didn't just destroy their lives.
The retired cleric said impassively as a detective guard
took over three hours to outline his catalog of horror.
A detective guard, I don't know what that is.
The ex-preased face of total of 108 indecent assault charges.
A shocked, shocked,
in-camera court heard how the systematically
bugged alter boys in several locations in West Donagal
over a 17-year period.
He bugged him in their West Donagal. I thought if he bugged
or somebody it's in their rectum.
Anyway, one of his 26 victims was bugged umpteen times.
This is a court proceeding in Ireland.
And whether they have any problems over there, you know?
It says he was bugged umpteen times from 1976 to 1979.
Did he pre-prey on the innocent altar boys
after luring them to parochial houses?
His car and a church locked them on occasion.
One of the assaults took place in the sacristy of a church
where the priest was saying, mass.
Yeah.
He said, oh god that's good.
The detective guard told the court when
the confronted by the priest's behavior one of his
appears after he want the problem shifted somewhere else.
Just in line with what this guy just said,
do we want to like reassign them maybe?
So we can let some kids someplace else far away from us
then let it be their problem.
There are animals anyway.
Let them lose their soul.
There's no fact in the church.
Unbelievable.
Is it unbelievable?
No.
Very believable.
Here's a lady mobile and coral springs.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes ma'am.
Hi young, how are you?
Okay.
This is Renee from Spent Lovers.
Oh hi Renee.
Hi.
How are you pronounced your name?
Renee yes.
I'm sorry.
I never saw Renee's spelled R-E-N-A-I.
Oh I guess it makes sense.
R-E-A-N-A-I.
I just wanted to call and thank you very much
for reading my letter.
Well thank you very much for sending your letter
and for sending these buttons too.
Oh you're very welcome.
My head still listens to you all every day on the radio.
It comes home and tells me what the topic of the day is.
Of course.
And when he told me that day about Ilyan
I had just had enough.
Well you make them.
Next time you make these you have to remember to put the
accent to over the A.
Oh okay.
Just so we are you know correct.
So we are uh
publicly and otherwise correct right.
Exactly.
Expannically correct.
Expannically correct.
Well I just I don't want anybody to get the wrong idea.
I do love children I have two of my own.
But I think-
I'd be defensive Renee don't be defensive about that.
No I know but I just feel sorry for this little boy.
Everybody's like making such a big issue.
Yeah.
He has no clue what's going on.
Right.
So I let again I just want to-
He told Bob Smith though that he wants to stay here.
You don't want to go back in so many words.
Oh yeah.
I think I've been sent out of Bob had a dream.
Bob had a dream.
Well I want to thank you very much again and if there's anything I can do for you please
feel free to give me a call.
Okay Renee have a great life.
You too.
Bye bye.
That's Renee from BS button lovers of Crossbrings with a
mechal kinds of neat buttons.
She's the one that sent me the ban.
Ilyan buttons here.
Which are not personal for the little kid of course you understand.
Do you understand that?
No.
Well think about it.
There's a little message in there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Jimmy and Danny and alien and Danny and Jimmy and alien and all a whole bunch of illegal aliens.
And you wonder why I want-
I just you just stop and you look yourself in the mirror.
Yeah.
What is this all about?
What is all this verbiage of this incision?
Bap bap bap bap bap bap and how come it's like Manastana Halala Halala Halala.
Why is this night any different from any other night?
Why is this kid any different from all the other kids?
Why is that?
And I think the answer is obvious because this is the banana republic.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean if people to wash up on the shores are like most other places like in Maine since I
mentioned Maine before and since it's a coastal state.
Would he have-
There have been a big stimulus about it there?
No.
I don't think so.
Only in the banana republic baby.
Only in Miami.
I mean you know the INS would have decided.
The courts would have decided and it wouldn't have been a big stink and a big son of dancing.
Whatever they decided because case of Ross or Ross.
The worst day would have come in and sang it for him.
But not here.
Here we got to go through all of this agony and twisting and turning and churning and
politics and crap and 85 Michael Putney shows and here's Joe Basuto and Joe Conroyo and Mayor
Penga Pagania and all these other uh, lung kids.
Lung kids.
And they've already spent over quarter million dollars by the way in Dave County.
They probably want to be in a half a million maybe a million dollars in the county and especially in the
city that's scouring desperate looking where they're going to find the next nickels to rub together.
Maybe we can get Mike Nichols and Steve Nichols and rub them together.
Here's a mobile and lighthouse point.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Neil regarding the kid.
Which is subject and you talk about legalizing pot?
What do you want to say about it sir?
It should be legalized.
You know okay great thank you.
Yeah let's talk about legalizing pot.
It should be legalized yeah.
Yeah I agree and and and five six seven oh five do we all can we all agree anybody with a brain on that?
Yeah ma.
Okay next subject.
Oh man and I think we're less than four out of your kids who might be playing hooky today.
Don't smoke bad weed you'll get just like that guy.
You wind up with a mentality just like him right?
Yeah ma.
Here's West Palm Beach hello.
Hey Neil I just want to share an observation that my daughter me I had to pick her up.
You're away pal.
Sheer away.
I had to pick her up from.
Maybe we can get some closure on this.
That this happens to do with the worst team.
Well don't even go there.
Well can I tell you real quick yeah I had to pick her up from school it was about 955 when we got
in the car so I clicked on the radio to you know to start to listen to your show and they were still on
and we listened to about maybe a minute two minutes of those guys.
These kids my rear end yeah here's what my daughter says okay she says that
those guys sound like the three studes.
Yeah exactly.
And nine year old.
And the nine year old girl making that up.
Even a nine year old girl is perspricateous enough that we got the three studes on in the
morning on the station yeah.
Another thing I'd like to say I don't believe that boys ever go
although I believe he should go back I don't believe he'll ever step foot back in Cuba.
You know what I couldn't care less I mean I agree.
As long as uh look he's in a no lose situation except that he's got to go through all of this
crap but in the end ultimately if he stays here he's going to be a hero and be treated like
royalty and if he goes over there he'll be one of the privileged few over there already
Fidel has been whining and dining daddy and maybe even the grandma and all
and he got nothing to lose.
Did you see Larry King last night?
Yeah I'm still sick over.
Did you see where the one uh the the the the niece or the cousin
that we've already talked to him and he told us he doesn't want to go back.
The valley girl of Cubano yeah.
And then the other guy said well you know most six year olds if you ask him to go to bed
they're not even going to want to go.
Right.
Of course why he's here and they got him the puppy and take him to Disney World
and he they got all these material and glitchy things.
Oh yeah this is good this is good I think I want to stay here you know.
Yeah well that's all I got to say.
And have a great thank you.
See it's pretty simple.
And but in the meantime there's so hypocritical they're saying oh well what's going to go
all the propaganda over there and how they're brainwashing over there.
And in the meantime they're brainwashing over here wishbone just think of this kid as a human
wishbone.
I told you that two weeks ago and I was uh as usual correct am I right?
Absolutely correct.
Thank you.
A human wishbone being pulled and yanked and twisted by a divergent interest most of
whom don't give a flying crap about him couldn't care less about alien.
Here's Fort Lauderdale hello.
Yeah Neil um I thought one of the guys was going to mention this morning on this day show
but uh when they have that attorney for alien that egg you got with uh the one with a schmata
honest yeah yeah yeah yeah one who never heard of a uh do you let Ray do yeah
but the real honest one you know um uh who got uh who got up there and said uh they had a
woman who went to Cuba who does Cuban studies who is I guess she's American citizen
he said there's a law on the book that stops local politicians from doing what that judge did
so if I and this wants them forced that they could steal from that boy back on the fourth day.
Yeah I don't know how a local court can uh yeah right
right that's it I mean a federal court which they you know they're going to try to go to federal
court but a local court judge is going to issue a ruling over to uh overrule the INS I'm sorry
I'm not buying it yeah and even they're not buying it really they they realize they're on thin ice
and my my big question is is this judge Cuban? No she's uh Puerto Rican. She's Puerto Rican
yeah. So if you're a teacher like Puerto Rican. I have to ask the question because all of the
sudden where was she a couple of weeks ago she just jumped up in the end and made this ruling on
her own mind. Didn't you didn't you didn't you see she had like a switch plate sitting next to
where they're on the on the dius up there she has a switch plate. This is one thing I want to say is
that uh uh the only thing this is really going to do is make every every black Anglo-Gorean
patient and every other viadamian mentality in just like full cinema on the next election.
If they've got an election coming I want to see how they want to stand for that question
that they were saying on the screen. Okay well let's see if it happens man. Okay I'll go but I'm
in Broward like you. Okay see you. In fact I'm going to send in that thing I got that voter
registration card by Arnold Brock-Buy. I'm going to fill out and send it in this week just to
make sure I don't miss out because even though we can't vote in date there's still our people like
uh you know senators we've voting for you anti-Conny Mac right there you go
President Day little minor things like that. Only I've said it before it's interesting in this
country the politicians who affect our daily lives the most the local and state politicians
the least amount of interest is in and the president of course who's uh as this
and as can be and really doesn't affect our lives directly as linearly as much that's
where all the interest is because it's a big thing that's what father said he's got a big thing.
26th after 11 at 560 WQM. Kim Volkhafford talk sports. Oh right.
Right here on sports radio 560 QAM. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Good night.
Hold still. Yeah hold this by the way.
No. Get the club. The club? Oh yeah. Okay. Hold still. Is this it?
Yes. Use it on him. Um okay uh.
Use the club. Oh no. I can't even lift this thing and hurt my wrist.
Go to the gun. He's going to the gun. Let me try something.
Hey hey hey Mr. Bad guy. Drops the darn gun.
Thank you. The new series begins tonight on the world's most threatening cops.
Okay. It's 11 30 at 5 60 WQM. The Hank Goldberg show from Cool.
Am I right about that? It is too them confused about what it is. Cool city at two o'clock.
Big-side Boogshambi. I know I'm right about that at six o'clock.
Her cool basketball at Seen Hall. Wow. Anybody going to be listening to that?
Oh. Seven o'clock tonight at Kaplan after the game.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir. Uh two or three points are like to make them get your reaction to them.
Go right ahead. Uh first of all uh the mother died.
Doesn't the son belong or the father?
One would think so but there are extended waiting circumstances anyway.
Oh I mean this one. Well first of all let's let's slow down because there are many many people
who are here and in fact I heard them sing on King Liza.
Well a lot of us have relatives back in Cuba. Well my question will be why?
Do you know what I'm saying? Why? Why are they still back there?
Why aren't they here? Why would you abandon your relatives and come here?
You follow what I'm saying? Yeah I understand that. I just
I just I just so if that argument is legitimate that he needs to be with his father
then how come it's okay for a whole bunch of people to be so called exiles to be here
and yet they still have relatives over there and people would respond to that by saying well
if you can get out you get out. Well uh it is a young boy so let the father raise him
and then when he's 18 he wants to be a baby. Well the people with these these people's response
that that would be that the father will not be raising him. If he'd dela will be raising him.
But that's you know a little bit hysterical. Yeah right. I mean like I said it's a waste of time
to debate should he stay should he go back there you can make a great case for either one.
It's a waste of time and why how does that affect our lives? It doesn't. Right. So I just you know
the common sense is that the mother dies you should be with the father that's just my thinking.
Okay. Second point I want to make is uh we're talking the last two or three weeks about
everybody pointing the finger at Danny pointing the finger at Danny and Jimmy pointed at Danny
Jimmy Danny Jimmy Danny. Well I'll tell you what. Well we were at next on Saturday I said in
Georgia every so far I pointed the finger with Danny but wasn't the same Danny. That's today.
Look at that. He said I don't care. Not anyway. Danny showed what he could do in high fourth quarter.
He showed the power. Okay. I have a great day sir. Call the sports here. I don't want to talk
about it. I'm not interested. They beat a girls team. It's uh it's ridiculous this town. The so-called
sports fan and a so-called sports columnist like Eddie DePope who was writing just three four weeks ago.
Oh playoffs. Why even bother? Why even wasted time and now we got a shot. We got a shot.
They mean I'm going to tell you see I probably couldn't have beaten Piper high on Sunday. All right.
Oh yeah but we got to have hope. We have a quit living in a delusionary world okay especially
you nerds on that morning show. God. Especially number 80. Here's South Beach. Hello.
I knew. I didn't want to date your son. Okay. What was that? Hello. Is this a real voice?
Hello. Hello. I guess I cut him a shot into me like a phony voice didn't it?
Does it sound do you like a phony voice yet? 5670560.
560 on the AT&T wireless level. We'll live without it. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes. I got a Cuban fellow working for me. A great guy. I'm a Cuban fellow. Yeah. Yeah.
And he uh. Yeah. I got a Cuban fellow working for me. And he and and uh every time he's
hit a beard and one in in in the Cuba talk. Yeah. There's always a mob of half a million people
watching and I said to George how is it that all that he's so hated and yet there's so many people
watching his speeches and he told me because the local communist leader goes around all the shops
and tells them they got to be at this rally or else. Well that's that moment. That part of it is
true but what a lot of people here don't want to admit and it's very aggravating them and they're
afraid it's going to happen this kid here is that from the time that they I mean they do a great
job of brainwashing just like we do over here only even better. So the idea that most of those people
despise Castro and they can't wait to get rid of them. That isn't true. Right. That's not true. I
agree. Well what I was getting at is is this guy's girlfriend works at radio station 670WWE
and this guy WWFE radio FAY. Yeah. 670. Right. It's about 6 watts. Yeah. Right. And his girlfriend
works here with a station manager when this thing was going on told everybody in a station let's
go. We're going down to the street and this girl she didn't want to go down there but you know
she ended up down there. So the same damn thing just you know in reverse. So in other words he
was a political exactly exactly but the culture has given us a lot of great things you know guy
of bearish shirts cocaine and fattening. Okay. No they did not give us cocaine. 567.0560.560
on the AT&T. I bet you the Spaniards had grabbers before the coupons. Am I right? Okay thank you.
Sure. Ask Emily Kay he'll tell you. Don't give you a look. 567.0560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
But that hoarset me now we're talking. Isn't that what it's all about? Oh I'm sorry. You're not
afraid. I'm sorry about that. Hello. Hi, Mell. Yes. Yes. This is not a fake voice. I called
you early from my NEP. Okay. It sounded like Margaret to me. And I went a big kiss in here. One point
that no one like I said. How is it that my premonition is so good? Thanks a lot Margaret. Are you sure?
567.0560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile in D'Areal. Hello. Hello. NEO. Yes sir.
Point I don't know if anyone's brought up. If he were sent if he were allowed to stay
wouldn't that cost him type of international incident which the United States could be held for.
Well what incident with that? But you know cash there's always threatening he's going to do this.
He's going to have bigger demonstrations. You know what? Let him demonstrate. Who who gives a crap?
Are we impressed by that? No who cares? No no no no. I'm not referring to I'm not referring to
Cuba. I'm referring to the international community basically. Like who's going to be captured
about that? Well I mean you're not. The name me one country in the world that's going to be
interested in this. Okay but the point is that I know no no no no no no no. Okay it's not a name of a
country. Give me the name of one country in the world that's going to be interested in this dispute
over immigration. Okay think about it and call me back okay I don't know where's that on the map
I don't know. That would be a good habit in Castella routine. Where's the I don't know on the map
I don't know. Right next to okay. Oh I'm for who's on first? What okay?
5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh man. Yeah like like Mr. Putin there in Russia that's going to be his first
act. No bomba we're going to drop bomba if you don't do the right thing by that kid. Is he going
to worry about that? No. No. He's to worried about what they're going to do with that old god damn
Yeltsin guy how they're going to keep wiping the snot off his the push. They keep
doing it. Oh great memory Ricky Martin Ricky. It's 1141 at 560 WQAM on a great Tuesday. Well I
got to go home this afternoon after my stress test I got every doctor yankin me in different
directions. I'm going to do my stress test for about two seconds by the way. See I we've had
problems in this building. We've had two people in this building who've had relatives draw a
die on the treadmill doing those stress tests because cardiologists with my good friend doctor
Dick happens to be a cardiologist. He's a good guy but they're always looking for your heart. You
know what I'm saying? They're always looking for a heart thing so they're big on stress test.
Oh keep going. Oh keep going. Thank you but I'll keep pulling it in the way. I'm not going to drop.
I'll do it for like about 30 seconds and that's it and then tomorrow of course it's
tonight after I get home after my stress test then I got a drink that good crap. What is it called?
Flora. Flora something. Oh God. It puts you on the floor or something soda. It's made by the
Brackdom people. Oh seriously what is the name of that begins with a D the brand name that's
all they make is like animal stuff. You know about when you have to go do for an exam what the
name of that thing? Oh it's you. Somebody will know. Can't believe I forgot that. Isn't that
something? What a crappy business. That's all they do is make Brackdom stuff.
But you got to drink that with your Gatorade so you have a little bit of electrolytes in the
sodium and potassium left in your body because it really claims you have to be busy. Don't be
calling me this afternoon and this early this evening. It's really real busy and then maybe I'll
watch that leaves Bruins game in a way the leaves are plainly I'll be really busy.
So they're and then they got to get up tomorrow morning and do the same damn stuff again drink the
rest of that stuff and then go do all that stuff. Let them put the tube down my throat enough my
Brackdom and see if they see anything in there. See anything? No. No. It's like when Greg
Reed went for the brains game. They see anything? No. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah,
hi Neil. Great show. Yes it is. Great show. This is Mike. Yes Mike. They had a judge rule that if
the kid went back to Cuba he could put in physical emotional and mental abusive situation.
But nobody brought up the point about this mother putting this kid on a wiki boat. Uh-huh.
Across the ocean. Right. Both thinking what kind of abuse is that on the mother? Yeah,
what kind of irresponsible bitch was he that I would certainly agree with that. Exactly. And the other
the other people on the other side of the coin would say oh but look how desperate that they
were willing to risk their lives for freedom and yadda yadda yadda. See that is exactly what they would say.
There's more but many money that would risk a 60-year-old kid's life on a leaky boat. I have to
wonder what kind of parents she was. You know this woman was willing to risk her life. I do believe
that but if I have a child and I'm a mother or a father the word you're responsible. I'm taking
my dog with me. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? If I move to the park and I'm taking my
dog with me and that's the way it is. I would take my little dog with me. I hopefully leave him behind.
Anyway the other thing is I can't understand why these Cubans are fighting a revolution over here
in the street United States and they don't take it back to Cuba and fight this revolution.
Oh Shane have a great day. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady
it's an abomination the whole thing. I sit up at night pulling my hair out trying to figure out
like what do you do in a situation like this. The only thing I think this family is interested in
is the money for this little boy. They'll be movie rights they'll be but there's free school
there's everything. There's free schools. Oh school. Oh school like you said. Somebody's going to
help make a movie and also their money and it's been about giving him citizenship.
So we've got people that come here the right way way go to school they're proud to learn to
become an American. Yeah. They have to wait for citizenship. I really am set up. I'm set up
with the way they proud the streets think the man's right it's it's an abomination. Yeah.
What do you think? I think I yeah I just would like to wait up to bar morning and it's all
over. I would like it to be. It's like this intestinal crap I've been fighting for the last
week. I know I heard I was trying to think of the medicine that's just taking to I had the test.
Is it? Oh now tell me how bad it was. Well truthfully honest they they said Twilight and that
they were going to knock you out Twilight and I looked at the doctor I said do something I swear
to you. I went to sleep I woke up I never knew they were near me. Oh right. I swear to you.
Great. See because they're going to knock me up pretty good because they're going to go
away. I left one end and they went down the other meal. You did both you did the end
doctor. I did all the same. Oh right. Great. Well that's what they do with me. They're
turning me around into going in both ends. That's it. I hope I hope for the different tube by the way.
Pardoning? I say I hope for the different camera. Oh well my husband said the same thing
that they do the one end of it but the tube. Oh. Oh. I'm not I'm sleeping but I don't know
have a great day. Thanks for the reassurance. Okay. Oh it's not with indeed it's with an F it's
called I should have asked here I can't do the name of the as soon as I say it you would know it okay.
A fleet fleet who's in that fleet fleet animals fleet and everything they make is rectum related.
Yeah I guess they're stock probably pretty crappy too huh. Wow if they had any.
Yeah they got this really great it's called phosphosoda that's what the name of it is
fleet phosphosoda and it tastes like pure they they warned me don't try to drink it straight it
tastes like crap yeah and drink it real real slow mix it with your gatorade and drink it real
real slow and then you drink six or seven big glasses of water and then you run keep you off the
street keep you real busy I think I just to get even my cardiologist I should take it before I
go for the stress test huh can you see my action on that treadmill yeah I think he'd get me out
of there real fast here's a four-lawterdale hello hello yes sir how you doing
yeah you can you can crack up here it's marked over with the four association of EMT's and
paramedics how you doing okay good good this is for the guys that come on out whenever you have a
medical 911 emergency right we're just looking to know even you decal show on your support for
the paramedics that'd be okay sure great let's contribution to donation we may already
can out here uh-huh it's about a week to get there yeah no contribution Mark what we'll take
the decal away yeah yeah there a lot of a lot of paramedics out there you can have them bring it
over personal and deliver it let me ask you are there any straight paramedics depends what day
the week it is uh-huh I thought okay hang out your to give you the address we'll we'll plan it
here proudly we'll fly it we'll wave it and the decal too yeah yeah he'll hang up here he
didn't want he's looking for some cash hey those paramedics boy paramedics and firefighters
yeah there's something about those young paramedics and firefighters I don't know exactly what it is
but boy I remember one time in Boston we were doing a weekend in Boston a couple of years ago and
the uh what trim out house downtown and they had one of those false alarms in hotel which is always
fun and of course you got to run outside I think it was like in the time of the year when it wasn't
to warm up there which is anytime except two weeks in Boston and when we went outside there was
a fire truck in front which showed up then good this unlike here when we had our false alarm to
the fire truck show up and it was about a block and a half a wall no there too busy playing
pinocled on there or playing with each other or sliding up and down degrees pole but anyway I
remember very a very a very a vividly he was vandent and I was vivid walking out the front
through where the trim out house there on trim on street in Boston and I looked out there and I saw
firefighters remain purged high on these long ladders hoses in hand and I said to myself wow that's
what all the firefighters are here I'm going to get a match five six seven oh five six
eight pound five sixty on the AT&T line how come I best we better add those two professions that
list we're making of all the fact professions at that time fire fighters and paramedics yeah well
put them right high on the list right on the top of the pool here's the lady in Miami hello
good morning Neil yes ma'am great show today it is uh I have and if this isn't good enough
show it is the backstreet boy I'm sorry something's a really irritating me what also they have a
protest yes was that um Catherine Fernandez Rundle uh was being interviewed by Elliot Rodriguez
on Channel 4 and he repeatedly asked her what did she think about the protest did she agree with it
she would never answer him her first uh I am wants to say she understood the feelings of the
human people she felt the same she didn't want to say too much I got so sick he's afraid somebody
to take away her january no blow up the all must be
but it's not something about separation of powers i mean these politicians to
me inside it
as much of these people down there as as the situation itself
yet with the media with the it let me say it again for six seven and ten
right for six seven and ten keeps saying it over and over again
if they wouldn't have made such a big to miss out of it there would have been
hardly anybody there at all but they kept
bangin away and bangin away on it for hours right
twenty four seven they were on that and that's our first act of only wouldn't
let it go they would not all morning all afternoon just on and on and
there there were times when there was nobody there except cops and they still
were going on i'm telling you i wanted to throw up
yeah it was just so disgusting stuff if we have all these people in and politics
down here i mean it's no wonder we have a problem i think i think that
somebody in dav county ought to call upon mayor pina pecania or one of those
guys to write an emancipation proclamation telling you the residents of
dav county you can anticipate it
i'm not taking care of any of the citizens if it doesn't have to have anything
to do with you but they don't care about anyone of you that they just paid
two thousand dollars for that trip to go to wash and then
yeah and then mr. corroyo excuse me corroyo you want to make sure i say that
properly corroyo yes i mean would they have done that for the hazing kids no or
for someone else no they're not taking care of dav county all the
they were from a republic of the minnecron to give you a chance to say that again
i'm telling you i just want to know many other people felt the same way
me nice me oh look i live in broward thank you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
couple of open lines here they were rolling along
singing the same old tired song i'll do that i'll get out of here how are you okay
back street boys by the way they want to award the people's choice award
their best group in the world judges unimpressed by that unimpressed by all
of these things he's oblivious he's still doing his lintic biscuit there he
just can't uh how they do by the way huh not too good
here's for lauderdale hello i know how are you pretty good um i think that
product is called the fleet flaggatory no okay i was just close to that
flag flag flag gelated yeah something like that um i just want to say i come on
computer this one out here i also am applauded by the way that uh
south florida panders to the entire Latin community what we're going to know why do you say the entire
Latin community do you really believe that non-cuban latins care about alien or
media guns out whatever's name is uh no no that that's not what i was referring to
you think port are weekends and the caragwins and people from all of the public in a
conno there's another chance uh do you think that they're all i embroiled in this and that they
were out there in the street that of course not they couldn't get to do this exactly they
have to get one what really incensed they couldn't even give a little
right what really incensed me the other day is when um that uh
w n d a team named their team the souls yeah which was you know uh
that's what i remember you asked you seriously though is that the kind of thing that you really
worry about that at all but i first of all a w n b a team here is as laughable as
having somebody playing partizian your backyard in the middle of a snowstorm in the Toronto you know
i mean what what differences are made absolutely it's just it's just more of the same crap
they're desperate don't you understand that they're desperate and of course you know as well as
i do we're looking at the marlins and every other sports franchises this town that's attempted
to pander to his panics they've all gone the same way of the wind okay i'm sorry i'm surprised
the only thing that's still going strung are the highly a cock bites i'm just surprised
they didn't go all the way and just named the team the aliens oh that's a good idea they'd
have probably gotten at least two they'll sit two three hundred people out there absolutely have
a great day back to it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
come on let's hear about the uh fleet enemies let's hear about colonoscopy let's hear about all
these people out there sick with the same way see one thing about you doctors out there they're
a little bit slow something new comes along and they like uh well uh where it's kind of unusual
for something to linger that long even in my reading you know i disease books which is a lot of fun
to sit around read disease books because no matter which disease you're reading about oh yeah that
sounds like me i got that but it says a lot of viral infections can last two to six weeks commonly
i'm only today beginning my uh this is three weeks this is the end of the turd today you turd right
but you're talking to doctors and then well uh we don't know and of course when you have all
of this you're hoping that that's all it is because obviously once they start looking inside you don't
want any like forty pound rocks inside you rolling around here's a lady in high alia hello
and you yes man yeah uh first of all i want to wish you well what you can't i've had it done
and unfortunately for me the doctor chose to bring in a bunch of students who were like 20 years old
what the hell is that like five young guys and oh the doctor brings in five young guys from
my procedure i'll say oh right yeah we didn't work for me oh well what do you mean they did the
procedure yeah they did they did the colonoscopy with no they didn't see how they did yeah we
could they do that it was very embarrassing i didn't know they were going to do that but did it come
out all right so to speak well the end the end so to speak in the end yeah yeah uh so you had five
young 20 year old guys looking inside your rectum wow rolling away and uh oh my god yeah
so yeah i'm getting excited just thinking about it okay good for you maybe Daniel be there
and Jimmy i just have a couple comments okay if you can bear with me go ahead the first one is that
this judge yeah which hearing this illian thing is under investigation by the state of attorney's
office should not have been in family court to begin with she was transferred because she's under
investigation for campaign finance fraud so you know she didn't belong there and then another man
put it like i was going to put it the mother that put that child on the boat yeah she's the one
who put the child in imminent danger right you know well we can't we can't do much with her because
she sleeps in the fishes now yeah but you know the guy i don't know did you read it i'm thanks
getting when when they brought this kid in that supposedly the man she was either married to her
with was the one to organize the whole trip no yeah well i was near thanks even thank god i was
so far away okay well the article i was in a real country with living and breathing people oh gosh
how nice uh huh but i remember reading the article and they said that the man that she was with i
don't know the result of the interwet this stepfather was the one who organized the trip and was
charging people thousands of dollars for this trip and if you survive he probably be on trial
come on the other one he was basically another one of these illegal smugglers jobs it goes on all
that and the other woman who left her child behind so she's glad she did it you know miss Horta
right the other one who survived she was really glad that she left the child so if anybody put
this child in imminent danger it was her and and they're making her look like some kind of a martyr
she sacrificed her life for his freedom now she wanted to stand by her man you know it's what it
comes down to okay as far as i'm concerned well listen thanks for the uplifting news i'll be watching
well you know there's one other thing yes the gentleman that called a little while ago talking
about the international aspect i think he was referring to the Geneva Convention that we
signed off of that no he didn't even know york he was talking about Geneva New York nobody can't
no believe me nobody else in the world cares about this trust me no i hope you're wrong they
got more important fish to fry have a great day sweetheart i'll see it via table yeah back okay
1157 at 560 W. Hey listen i'm psyched for this test now this is 560 Q.A.L sports radio 560 Q.A.L
oh
W. T. Ray Hill
my head
who's hotter tail
oh right now i got a little song here for the best wife in the world
there she goes
there she goes again
to New York my son my own face on this
exploit
the person that run campaign
and
all right now there she goes so far away from me but don't go worrying about me
well she can't plan to stay eight all of four a day a day a day a day a day
all right 12 o'clock little handers out of big hand right here on 550 W.Q.M. we're rolling along
singing the song we got some delusionary so-called football fans out there going like oh yeah
we got a shot get it over with already get it over with i'm pretty sure you will this
weekend get the agony in the uh over with and then we can move on other things
560 but oh 560 and get this other thing this alien thing over with and then we can move on
to something all over quite frankly is there anything else going on here no although they had
the three kings festival over the weekend you must have been there huh at the three kings festival
oh yeah sure and this weekend's a matter of fact i'm kind of i'm going to be presiding over
the three queens pageant in the brow here's a lady in Miami hello
hey me how are you pretty good listen i wanted to wish you the bifus luck thank you i have had
the endoscopy done actually one and a half times wow first time i started coughing the tube up and
they knocked me out thank god so i don't remember that second time but if they knocked you out how
should they do where you were like totally out i was out i was out and then that for me is
extremely difficult now the second time they gave me 30 milligrams of valley where they allege
and i was so awake i was i just could not stop talking i yanked out the tube really and he said go
another doctor are you serious i'm serious i'm very little another doctor i will never again
obviously i will not go to him he's Cuban but uh has that that'll explain it but really
the old please be sure i have to have a call and i'll have to be done and i've not had a dummy
because i'm scared so please when you have it done come back and tell us you know how it was
because maybe there's a lot of us out there that are scared to do it too but please be sure that you are
whatever they call twilight but tell them that you know you'd rather be more out than
and so more more out than and exactly go along with that really because of those 520 year old
standing behind me i just i hope you have five good very good looking doctors and not just
trainees okay i got a good doctor but he's so good looking you know well let's get five more
into it are they okay listen pertains to a a leon what's really preposterous is that he has a
teacher that doesn't know how to speak english properly that that really gets my goat and that's
it just one more time no doubt about it i'm lisa key don't forget that take care and please
fill us in on how you're okay take care yeah the good lord william and jerry we're
to use to say the good lord william that would that would be he would say that just before he put
his three fifty seven magnum gun on the table at the end of the news here's a fort mire is hello
uncle neal yes sir jean yes being in my army uh you know being of both the remove from the
situation i can clear up two controversies you got right there in one fell school yes sir you make
alien on the new quarterback as a dolphins and send marino to Cuba all right yeah that's all
if danie can go along i mean only if jimmy can go i get confused yeah both danie and him
that colostomy would i mean the uh colostomy colostomy oh my god that's in the bag man uh when you
get it they get they get they have an oxygen monitor on your finger and they give you as much
uh sedative as they can possibly give you really so i was out i have a monitor on your finger
yeah yeah some oxygen monitors stick it on your finger yeah and they give you enough uh that
where they can possibly give it to you for me i was pretty healthy so i was out but someone who
has a problem with uh breeding or respiratory stuff they're they're going to be awake for that
no i don't have that yeah you'll probably be out and it's not that bad it's you know they just
push it up and there and wiggle it around uh yeah the sigmoids coping in doctor's office is worse than
a colostomy i've had i've had one of those that that's worse than a colostomy sigmoids sigmoids
sigmoids sigmoids digmoids digmoids yeah i've had that and that is very uncomfortable because you're
wide awake and they just keep twist i think they're s and m guys they're they know they really enjoy
making a squirm yeah yeah just keep it in a nice young girl feeding the doctor the scope while
he's pushing it in and she's over there with it in this pan and beautiful little thing you know
she's right there with the perfect shot you know yeah same thing i literally was talking about
embarrassing and tell thanks to the good news pal you're welcome i'll keep my finger on it
okay thank you bye how do you like that see and if anybody believe there's a god with all this
oh my god they're either excavating in your rectum oh i mean i got news for it they're not
they're not the mining for gold or like diamonds and emeralds although they might smell the
essence of emeral in there they might find some nuggets you never know i that you know something
neils nuggets yeah we've been looking for that cd for years how much do they find neils nuggets in my
rectum i sure hope not maybe pebbles and bam bam how's that don't say los van van van van they get
upset a little vanity they said that los van van they get all side cut it here's a lady in bokeh
hello hello yes man here's a man in the gentleman in bokeh i have that procedure done in
uh down here in bokeh speaking i can barely hear you i have the procedure done where they
look around and they while you're up right and uh what would you mean while you're up oh you
distinguish what ask a baby right right and i had an ant to go about a tour to the way in there
and i shim it all over the place okay that's for you doc for all of you and i think uh
i'm trying to think yeah they make you take a fleet animal before you do the sigmo
and ask a baby where they want to go about a tour to the way you turn in and they look kind of look
around but with this one of the cool ones could be where they go like way up in there and the two
backstreet guy like that it peeks out over your tongue i think for a second or two the camera
then you got to do the whole deal i mean oh god
which i don't you know something i don't understand why can't they give that stuff like all
these people in hell and bail and surfside and sunrise and time right who are just they would give
anything for a good bomb moment they can't remember the last time they had why can't they give
that stuff that uh what did i say what fleet uh what tell us in the event fleet floro uh something
soda you'll make a sh** yeah you can say that again and and of course the interesting part is
what if it doesn't work what if it doesn't work oh trust me it works here's Kendall hello
yes sir yes it is okay i just came across a website last night on behalf of aliens father see it was
that g-r-w-w dot geo cities dot com slash past to freedom and uh it had a international
or a petition i saw people on there as far away from as from Italy and all over the place
and what what were the Italians saying uh they were upset they thought it's the child belongs to
his father yeah uh you can go there and check it out yourself and have your own opinion okay
i'll take a look thanks five six seven oh five sixty john rocker will be at u-m for sure
the baseball here there you go nice going there in fact Jimmy wants to sign him up if he can sling it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty but you know john and the
dad Jimmy don't have the same ring with his Jimmy and Danny just doesn't have the same that same
rhythmic melody like uh oh people all over town are doing uh Jimmy and Danny uh Jimmy and Danny
yeah all over town they're doing that now here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil yes sir how are you sir great great Neil this is a illegal alien case
if they're supposed to touch land before they're allowed to stay in this country yeah they got
to get their toe on a ground before they before they're intercepted but of course in this case they
were not intercepted by the coast guard they were brought on land by those two well-pomital
beach fisher guys right so at immigration should have to work this kid right there and then instead
of creating all this problem where we have in our hands right now yeah you know and and on the
and changing the subject on the matter of the water problem but what wait a minute but why would
that be if he uh got his toe on the ground uh before they got to him but you're you're not allowed
to help them they're supposed to come in on their own uh uh will you're even it's
out towards a six-year-old is supposed to be able to swim in the last six miles is that it
come on yeah I think I think he gets a little handicraft there because of his age I think he can
I think they give him about a two and a half mile handicraft yeah not only that but if you
happen they could throw you in jail if they try to allow those bottles of fleet and they get say a
handicraft or listen have a great day pal you do take care of yourself before somebody else
nine minutes after noon at five sixty wqm
ah
the panther's host the islanders with tonight at national car rental
pet
join the new voices of panther's been done and
ready
oh
hang on
loretta
the capture on the prowl
panther's preview starts at seven here on squirts radio five sixty Q a n
done and Mike
uh blow
and now a typical day at the sobest just a lone household
aeogenitha
did i just see the chef looking at me did he look me in the eyes
aeoshephi
you worked pretty hard on this steak huh took what three four hours well
they rove
uh
well now it's dog meat never looked me in the eye
and now a typical evening at the sobest just a lone household
he's the big man slice the lawn wonder how he like his chicken soup hot or cold
always out in looky
with
and maybe i dip my voice in it for a little flavor
i hope you enjoy the appetizing mr don't look me in the eye
don't
put this chef
maybe that's what i mean by boys and very animal
it's uh... twelve thirteen at five sixty wqm five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line as we tried desperately
to extricate ourselves from this
crap
here's hollywood hello
no yes sir
how you doing okay what do i start right at the beginning
okay i'm watching that the alien thing last week in the news the news guys are
upon the tower from the from the truck and they say
we're only here because the public wants us here
nobody did not we didn't want them there i almost fell out of my head there
because they were they didn't want to miss anything because they were
explored every uh... situation every device a bunch of crap every tragic
situation that comes along that it was exploited you're right and uh... secondly
had a sigmoid on to be done about four weeks ago that's uh...
uncomfortable man yeah
let me tell you something you put that thing up there
because i'm just gonna go a little bit deeper i'm gonna go around the corner
man i thought i was gonna come out of my skin yeah
that was the most
uh... that pain is unbelievable
that's because you're not sedated
now yeah you're right you're wide awake
my friend you know the guy friend of mine had the uh... well you're gonna get
done he said the cake won't you know you give it a little
sedative you're relaxed he said it's a cake walk
the only one of the really good things about getting all this stuff done
yeah the medications cheap the cost you like three dollars
you get that bottle of uh... sodium whatever i got that already i got a
waiting for this afternoon all right for you
that that that's that's just uh... part of life it's uh... gods mysterious plan
well that bottle was like what a dollar fifty two ninety nine
right then you get the all green then you get two to fleece right those are uh...
i don't have to i don't have to do that
how you know no that was the most that was the fun part
but then know that see that's only for the signal and asking for
oh really no no that that's uh... that's child's play this stuff really just
like an h-bond you did you won't have anything inside you when you get done with
including your organs fall out
you got a drink the green stuff first right now you have to mix this with gatorade
or diet soda that's the only thing but then there's nothing else after that
not yet no there's something after that
so we're not required for the evening another thing i thought i would tell you
that you probably think was comical my uh... my wife was out of town when all this got
done so uh... you know you have to give yourself the uh... the fleet you know if
no one else is around so uh... there i am laying on my bathroom floor
in my little dog with licking the uh... top of my head
well uh... well i'm there keep them in company excellent okay
that's what i mean thanks okay
the dog was looking as one five six seven oh five six days i think a pervert to me
in pound five sixty on the eighteen ten the needs they stick it in their deeper
correct them like that
oh god no please don't five six seven oh five sixty in pound five sixty on the
eighteen t wireless line
here's my amie hello hi Neil yes sir you know i hope everything goes very
well and very smooth with the medical situation no problem i got a question
i hope so we'll see and if not case a rosser i you know it'll turn out just fine
i got a question for you what kind of a message do you think the president
spending these disruptors
when i'm doing what when he rewards people who also disrupted the peace with
bombs and terrorism with the uh... get out of jail card like he did with the
in prison portarecon territory yeah
and i think the message is you get a year away when you react with violence in
uh... disruption how is he how is he uh... rewarding the people who are uh...
disrupting the community here what he done uh... on their behalf nothing
nothing no hopefully he won't join the uh... pissing contest and sign something
that's gonna let all these people who were arrested out of jail i'd be really
surprised if he did that because first of all you gotta understand he's never
gonna run from political office again so he's got nothing to gain by it he you know
it's much better for him to stay on the sideline and he's got nothing to gain
i agree but i still think it's a bad and of course there's vice president of
courses running in ram running desperately who of course is in their socket around
heavy duty now yeah but it's a bad message because people who did the same thing at
an even worse level are uh... let out of jail just because uh... he feels like uh...
yeah but you're forgetting they had to get out of jail car free card you're forgetting that
with a free card that was given to them by the president get out of jail card right
so that that that tells you disruptors uh... works for them works for us let's get
roudy let's do something that's gonna uh... long before he ever let any a
port of a can't ever stop this is the going on here for a hundred years for forty
anyway have a great day
going on since the beginning of the
uh...
of time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tn t wireless
line in addition to which the president doesn't make these decisions we have
laws we got the rns we got the guy to him federal courts and that's it
but of course uh... are you just for all of those things out because those
thing actually have to do with the u.s. government and this date county of
eighteen to a u.s. government not last time i checked
here's a lady in my army hello hello new yes ma'am yes uh... i'm a cuban american
and of course i'm a family oriented person and the boy should be with his father okay
then uh... that's this is my opinion those people that were protesting they don't
represent the majority of the cuban community and i think that's
fact that to the president to be represented to everybody but they don't
those people don't represent anybody here they were only groups of people they
expected the one million cubans to come out they didn't come out
so they use those to do all the noise
and i think that you have picked them to jail before they did they waited too long
and now they're sending the people over to the civil liberties union
to fight complaints against the city
because the federal cost is a lot more because then the city's gonna have to
defend against those that are one of the one of costing us millions of dollars for
this now let me tell you because you don't know these because this they would they
did a lot of you know things like we can't be on the spanish tv and guess who gave
it again that poppy that is coming on tv every day now
the poppy yeah who gave it to him the sbalard
the link in the sbalard rhymes with oh man i wonder how many
i can't stand him no he ought to be local with Jose basulto the two of them
go and be able to play and shoot each other in the foot
those two are worse and costal they're exactly
do me well thank you for the opportunity okay bye bye bye i asked to
if you don't have any five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line as we continue digesting this and chewing on it and
spitting it out and like uh
like that too although we have had a lot of good breakfast oh
mock today a lot of people out there have had these tests and had those
fleet animals in that fleet possible soda and uh
a lot of you know in their lives
here's four Myers hello hey Neil how you doing okay
all right i say if alien once your alien step once it backs okay
you should pet a lot about half way and we'll drop them off
fine that was from four Myers i just mentioned again five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five
sixty three forty five on our world line infamous line
eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five we get one more
call like that i might just not come in tomorrow
of course am i coming in tomorrow anyway no i'm going to be busy i'm going to be
busy see i i find it the very bizarre about the woman calling in before about the
five twenty-year-old guys sticking the tube in her
recto when i call anoscopy
from what what although i do realize that they do bring medical students in
to observe and to do procedures but don't they do that like in uh
schlepper hospitals they don't do that like in a real place do they oh yeah
they do it doesn't matter if i think the real or the more likely it is
the better hospitals are the teaching hospitals yeah so it increases your likelihood of having
having a a student body probing it well then i'm probably i'll be a little bit more
wide awake i would think that and of course i better check back there and see just exactly
what's going on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight because the answer is
no i don't care what you look like pal no they don't have a way not for this kid
here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir give me the perfect lady and i just wanted to give you
a perspective from the other side of the sigmoids scope from the inside from the other side
many moons ago as a medsted and i had the pleasure of being on the other end of that scope and it's
no pleasure no pleasure from that side either yeah i'm sure what we would do is uh
these are the women didn't we didn't have any problem with which yet let maybe a homophobic
public guy in there and uh usually cracking jokes if there was sarcastic we would just put a little
less k y in the scope and let him have a dry so you want to be careful you want to be careful
that office tomorrow okay the standard joke was uh we would tell the patient we were almost
about and we kind of moved the scope so it would jab on though we would tell the patient we were
just looking for our wedding ring okay how good was it thanks oh my god i think i'm going to bring
a good case you know i think maybe uh chuck testons got a good point five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the ht and t wireless line did it remember why i asked what kind of a person
what kind of a human being wants to be a proctologist for example
where all you do is looking people's rectums you know well what what what is that all about
there's money in that somebody with an aesthetic or there is big money in it and then of course
they can always sell you those magnetic uh things for your feet i thought i want to mention names
on the arrow i probably should have at the time yeah there's some proctologist offices in this
down probably plenty of medical offices in this time you walk in the open the door and you hear
these strange quacking sounds why you have to do is quack the door here's a mobile and candle hello
i want to lay your fears about your procedure when did you find out you had to get your head to
have this oh yesterday oh really because i didn't hear the beginning of the show i've had a colon
ask to be each of the last two august yeah something to look forward to i guess in the calendar
what i said it's something to look forward to on that calendar absolutely i can't wait
i saw the worst part of the entire thing by far is drinking that fast low soda oh that's
today but at least i'll be at home it's i'm not talking about the result of this soda i'm talking
about the consumption of this soda oh it is well beyond your wildest imagination but the
the procedure i woke up they they put something in the ivy i went to sleep i woke up 45 minutes
later and 45 minutes later i was on my feet going home i never had the slightest cramp or the
slightest twinge of pain in either one yeah not one so as far as pain goes you don't have to worry
so i guess this afternoon after i drink that stuff will be the cramps without the am huh you'll get
i asked you to try to get in that jimmy and daddy number two that that that George
played that game excellent time no problem that was fantastic okay you got it all right
thanks to the good news okay i'll see you on far out there's a guy with some serious
experience with his rectum what sounds like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
well you know something they get very upset and washin in there about this anal limb and that's
part of life you know that's part of life i mean i'm not the one who invented this the guy that
you people are always hacking a trantic about he's the one who invented this anatomy of yours
not nature although last time i checked the dog has got a rectum and a cat rectum and a monkey
rectum anybody else too yeah even a even a hook war i guess if you look close enough has probably
got a rectum somewhere because the world is full of crap it's got to go somewhere here's four
tails of these anal adventures that's there in the s out of me i had a uh
barium endama which was uh an experience all right and i'm looking forward to the flexible
sigway doskype in uh two and a half weeks and then next month that's not too much fun off there
that's uh a little lami it's not the worst thing you'll ever do but it's a little uncomfortable
now it's not as bad as the barium endama i felt uh did you have one of those
yeah many years ago where they put the the thing in your in your button and then they blow
the thing up and then uh they they hold the bag up and uh it goes you have two quartz oh no i
never had that two quartz oh however much it left out like two quartz i don't know my colon was
filled up i was watching the scope as they took the clip off and the liquid went in and i felt
like i was going to explode and then i started cramping and i thought i was exploding and they were
just they just kept on rolling me around looking in the skull for taking x-rays probably having a
i hope the flexible sigway doskype is not as bad as as that no i won't be as bad as that not
not like i said not something to look forward to but uh you'll go over as long as i don't feel like
i'm gonna explode no so that's that's that's good and then just take a gun take a loaded gun
just to be sure you know let's see if that's okay it just hold it up in the you know
warden off if it gets too tough at the VA so they won't let you take weapons in there
okay good luck pal thanks to you what this is a real uh fly opener today
lots and lots of people all over this town have been busy with their rectum 26 past
noon at 560 WQM
rectum hell it down there kill them
my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice
hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers that's my little sound that comes right out of your
stinkers want to copy me and do it exactly like i do get paid for writing little songs about
woo-woo my brains are gone i'm trying to get my groove on but i can't figure out which spice
girl i'm gonna fart on it dr. Dre ass yo man you passed it
hey i'm not what do i smell ass man you look well since age 12 it seemed like i always smell that
five-ripping gases and doom was pretty swell i got this off when i took my jeans off
and farted so hard it turned my under a backwards like crisscross and every night i'm like oh
dinner now then put out my ass fast and i'm fat bitch you ain't too fat smell this honey
yo wait a minute my girl come i don't give a fuck god step me to think the world up
my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice
rectum
my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice
my a-nice teacher wanted me kicked out back in junior high said the problem was something
called up my ass and died i shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later
when i covered his desk with used toilet paper walked in the stress club my
checkers were filled up moon the bar tanning took a dump at a tip curve went over to a dancer had a
fuck in her guard she lifted a leg up and i knew she was a father
i didn't have to send him my life i was lied to i just found out my mom got all gas and i do
photo i grow up to be a famous rapper make about three noises made on the crap
you know you will deserve when the villain first leaves and drive the whole day back but she
didn't leave the sky white gas and said it was pretty cool but i had to go go drop the kids off and the
move my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice my a-nice
you asked for five six seven oh five fifty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in Davie hello hey yes sir yeah i just had an home and going by here Nova high school
yes one of the top academic schools here in the state florida is that the bros in uh
Julio's walking by on the lunch break just strong garbage all over the ground while they walk
okay good one better you have it a good time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
oh god i'm gagging on it just thinking about the kind of people who would take the time to
await on hold to share that important information with us you know what i'm saying oh god
rose in Julio's chosen suppose here's a highlighter hello
new god speaking listen i first of all i got to tell you George was on fire last week dude
um i don't know wait i guess you were guy you got sick or something
where's that yeah man he was on fire did you smoke it yeah he was and he was doing very well
man i'm actually very surprised he gets better and better all the time i'm on and uh good
another thing about this kid he's got me fired up so if you would have minding to spike up a
two joints for us pooled here in higher lia okay thank you very much see you no five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on it just one yeah that's it on the AT&T wireless line we got a few openings
on there like two or three hundred here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir how are you doing today
so okay i just have three quick things i wanted to say um in regards to a giveaway he calls you
about 20 minutes ago saying how the people that are protesting is just a small fraction of the
Cuban population in Miami yeah i agree with that 100 percent i hope that does not you know reflect
pad on the rest of us that we're not pulling well let me say it again in case you missed
it earlier channel 10 and Michael putt the Sunday morning they had a pool and uh 74 percent of
the general community was opposed to the slowdowns and the uh the civil disobedience and 68 percent
of the Hispanic community agreed so like overwhelmingly almost everybody agrees to the same viewpoint
that's a crap um number two um my girlfriend my mother has a sister who lives in the
town where they were protesting in Cuba yeah well she went to the rally but she went ahead and she
said that they were um to go to the rally of course the government told them to go and the the
government also gave everyone that went to the rally a free t-shirt with aliens faith on it right
you get sardines oranges crackers wow so that's something that you know to think about i'm going
to the next one here i thought all of the party people were at nixon sir they must have been
some of them down there too i guess so and the third thing um some people have been saying that
the Cubans are favored more than the Haitians as far as people coming into the us yeah and that
might be so but i also want to throw out there to all the listeners the fact that um the united
states they go into Haiti over through whoever was there put there with the Haitian people wanted
and um nothing worked out on the contrary um the us has not done that with Cuba i think it would
be fair if the us could do that um and that's why i just want that for people to listen in here and
okay i'd about good luck you pound don't hold your breath five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line i thought it was pretty uh i'm for George to say last Thursday that
the reason that they're not letting the Haitians in is because the Cubans smell better i thought
that was very poor taste pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line although he may have a point
here's a mobile in Miami hello and no how you doing okay sir i have a
solution this whole gilay on problem okay they should award you custody and you should go take the
kid and raise him wherever you please that way he's not going back to Cuba
cashroll won't be appeased he's not staying here and will be appeased no thanks
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT i don't need no uh for those crazy people
marching up and down onto my house
papa papa papa i get enough of that for murmur on the phone every day and others are back in
down papa papa oh boy and can anybody answer answer me the question why in
God's name the Toronto Maple Leafs need window clerk no i mean just for old time sick i guess
because he's familiar with the town 22 till one at five sixty wq way
the sports leader sports radio five sixty q a and
five
movies
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and we are are are are are are are is is is is is is is is is is we are we are people too go
Oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and
oh Jimmy and Danny and Danny, oh Jimmy and I have a favor to give his brother and my name is
Jimmy and the air stuff we give his brother back to Uncle, he's so cute and caring who he is now that
and look at your T bottle, lullipop, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny, oh Jimmy and Danny,
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
I'm going to be a champion of the world.
We prodigate us.
WeOOObhappy anyway buddy.
We representa the TV that we alum.
Lovely acting.
Lovely acting.
Hello.
this dernier, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie
Jamie enJimmy and Jimmy UP10
Jamie, and Danny, and Jimmy, and Jimmy.
Jimmy, and Danny, and Danny and Jimmy.
Indian Jimmy 1245 at 560 W. Kim are just received tremendous news
Yeah, just had a call and they informed me that at my colonoscopy tomorrow Keith and Derek gruel were the identical twins
Oh, they're gonna be like a steer in the tube is what I heard
5 6 7 what are on more you have this worry long?
What he's a disgusting identical twin midgets there that went to her about a foot and a half tall would you like a step on one of them?
Uh-huh 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey about the colonoscopy. Don't get it worked out ahead of 10 about a year ago
Why did everybody think I'm all worked up about it?
I know you know what the worst part about it for me was the day before when everybody was telling me how bad it was
Yeah, and you get there and I was out of freaking out and it's really really nothing. Yeah
Yeah, you go to sleep. I give you the demo whatever it is
Next thing you know you wake up on a bed. I don't know what happened
But right in no pain you don't know what was in there, but at least it don't know what's in there
But it wasn't that and that's fluid that they give you the drink today before that's pretty nasty
But it's I mean, you know, it's just a little unpleasant and you know, it'll make you smit. Yeah, that's yeah
And besides that we and you shared for a certain time the same pathologist
I'm talking about you the mag at chance
Yeah, you see they're pretty good jar on me and in the back
But I end up saying 50 bucks and now I have two magnets that hold up notes on our refrigerator
And that's a very very easy good guy. I mean, you can push him on me anything
He just talking about him. I happen to have this pain on my hip and he goes shut these on and see what happens
And I say okay, so I paid for them and obviously they had truly nothing
Yeah, you know, if they didn't make it worse like it's like like like it happened to you, but
The arm are fidgeting now for the expense of a note holder on our refrigerator. Okay
That better you than me have a rate they've taken that's a great magnet if anybody out there want no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Oh, do we dare take another call from Fort Myers? Hello? Hey
Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Hey, how you doing? Okay? I got two questions or one question one statement
The legal regum of ramifications if this kid was to get killed or get hurt seriously
Would his dad be able to sue and would he be able to draw social security?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line the out of town life
They must be really bored in four Myers today man. That a lot of spare time on their hands
We're about some real bad predicaments
877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5. I'm just worried about the Keith and Derek Brewer right now myself and where can they be found?
Here's a lady in high a Leah hello
Yes, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Okay. I wanted to make a comment on the alien
subject see okay the Haitian saying that
They didn't see any Cubans protesting the other day when they sent that boatload of
Haitians back to Haiti. Yeah, I don't see any Haitians protesting in the Cuban protest fever
They should get off well up there and protest themselves. They were out there protesting man
Well, then they better just don't come blame it on the Cubans just because they're out
Oh, see but the difference being the Haitians weren't blocking the roads and slowing down traffic and disrupting the community and they never do that
They were out there demonstrating peacefully
Well, yeah, but I think that just by getting the police out there that kind of like a hike stuff the crowd even more
Well, what does that mean? Hipes up the crowd?
What are they just supposed to let them do just to go out there and block off traffic all day the police did a hell of a job man
It hipes up the crowd. Yeah, let's blame the police. Let's blame everybody
But the assholes who were out there slowing down traffic and blocking everybody and disrupting everybody's else's life
The answer is no no man. No, my heart asked Cuban lady the answer is no
on freaking acceptable and
There is any responsible underline responsible person in this community who will say anything different responsible
We're not talking about Jose basulto. We're not talking about a professional agitators or rabble rouses or Lincoln
The S. B. L. or any other goddamn exploitative politicians. We're talking about responsible people which there may be a few of us
Including those two great editorials in the Sun Central from Saturday and again this morning, which I read the early on the show
right on the money
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and there were a few Cuban politicians to make it look good
We're out there demonstrating with a Haitian because it coincided with this other thing so to make it look good
Ballard was out there in a couple of other people say I say we never did feel afraid to aim but in the meantime, let's get back to the alien
Oh my god now. What is this man doing on this line? Hello?
First of all, I don't feel better man. Yeah, I don't feel like bad today to be honest with you
If this thing has been the every other day kind of an illness
I'm not talking about you. I said that rich feel better. Oh fat rich. Yeah
Like he's listening now. I don't think he's listening. No, you don't think so. No, I think he is
He's better. He's doing magic tricks for the nerves. He's an intensive care
Is he? Yeah, or he was last night to put a stand in you had to
That's intensive care. I'm surprised. He had two angioplasty and they're fun. Oh, okay. Okay
Anyway, I don't know if you remember I used to sell
Scopes for about two years. Yeah, you were you were a real rectum expert. Yeah, I remember that and let me tell you what there is
Always said you were a little anal
There is nothing worse than a synoscopy
Have you ever had that done? No
Four feet of hose up your nose. Oh
Oh, and those job
No, no jobs for this kid. What are they? What are they? What are they looking for with that?
Second for blockage and the sinus any kind of infections anything where maybe coke is blown out of
Sinus cabbie anyway, I demoed it in the doctor's office
Did me up against the door and shove four feet of it up my nose
Yeah, you're probably looking for the orange rinds. I've got a little hint for you tomorrow a little trick
Okay, and now this is really fine would
This is purely scientific if you're gonna if you're gonna be awake for the procedure
I'm not gonna be awake make sure you shave around your anus in the back of your tent
No, I don't I don't shave my anus or my testicle. Well, he vetted your castella
Okay, because that'll get caught up in there and pull and it's very just uncut. No, it will not
I don't have a real hairy no no more so than any you know ordinary guy. Well in closing. Yes
Good
Oh
560 pound 560
18d wireless line and that out of town line if we can hear from some real places instead of our losers and four Myers today
God, they are really desperate over there. Wow
Talk about out of material talk about Yahoo village man
Yeah, they would have just drowned in that kid out there
877 785 6345 one thing about four Myers don't take this personally unless you want to because we got a lot of nice people over there
Listen, but there are some of you folks over there and our sentiment generally speaking is this I don't want to you know
Make a wild generalization, but I think I'm being fair
We're glad you're there and we're not
877 785 6345
Here's a mobile in poppano. Hello
Mobile in poppano. Oh, yes, yes, sir. Yes, it is yes, you know I've done a week of writing home my first time call
One time this and I was gonna be the colon off
Yeah, my first topic to call you about but
My wife had just had that a few years ago. Yeah, that'd be good to have
First come out positive that when she found out she had cancer colon cancer right and she's been back
She had surgery then she had a year chemo and she had to go back every year for three years
Have to keep going back and everything was clear that doctor did the perfect job in surgery
Right, but the colon off three was the one that you know brought it out and showed that she had to go
Yeah, and now I have to go for I just found out the other I have to go for that signal
So why that they call this signal from this signal I heard you mentioned before
Sigma anoscopy. Yeah, sir. Yes, that's that's why I have to go for that
That's a little bit uncomfortable, but these people are getting a little carried away
You know you kind of like twist it you kind of twist and turn there while you're lying here because you're not knocked out
You know, but it's not the worst thing you'll ever encounter you've got to go for the colonoscopy or the colon
Ask to be and the endoscopy there you're checking both ends just to be on the safe side. Oh boy
Yeah, and like I said, I hope they use different tubes. Yeah, I think she had a perfect doctor
I mean, he's a real good doctor. Girl Springs real good though. Yeah
What doctor was that it's called doctor bitten. Oh, yeah, that's the same office is my doctor. Oh really?
He's with my doctor. He's a dream and I go with her every time
And he's really dream she's in 45 minutes and she recovers for 45 minutes and right and run away home
No problem with whoever excellent. So take care. Thank you very much. Thanks. Good luck. Bye five six seven oh five
60 pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line that out of town line man
It's springing off the hook isn't it today? Oh no strictly a four Myers and the call we had from Palm Beach was pretty weak too
Remember that one really bad really really bad
8777
785 6345 you get George again tomorrow. How do you like that?
Here at George is going to be loaded with good material. I bet you don't want to talk about that. You know what tomorrow
Don't be talking about your anus
Don't be talking about my rectum okay
Until we get the inside story
Here's a lady in Bay Harbor Island. Hello. Yes. Hello. Neil. How are you? Okay. That's good
The midday news just finished on channel 10
I thought I'd let you in on this breaking story. I'm Michael putt me
He has uncovered information that the judge
Rosa Rodriguez in fact
In her past has made
Money has exchanged $42,000. Yeah, somebody fast me then. I had no way to confirm it
So I was watching it in $7,000. They don't know if
This gentleman gave it to her or she maybe she was paying on a bill
It was to the PR man who in fact is the PR man of
Ileon Rodriguez
Ileon Gonzalez's family and he happened to be sitting in the front row
During the court hearing and let me just read the facts that was sent to the channel 10 was reporting in a bulletin that the Miami judge
Who just ruled in favor of a leon as recently received $42,000 from family spokesman of the family toward her
Relection fund will that be an accurate way of describing it? Well, they didn't want to say who gave if she the judge gave to the PR man or the PR man
And his wife actually there were two contributions
Money's exchanging 7,000 once they said on television and 42,000 another and she also had used him
I guess is a PR person because she was involved or is in fact well
I wasn't didn't she disqualify herself
Well, that's what the University of Miami law professor who Diane Putnam brought then on the air to ask
If in Putnam, Michael Magnum
Diane Magnum, right. Yes, and they asked and professor did say that the judge
Rodriguez should have at least
acknowledged that she was familiar with someone affiliated to this case and in closing
Yeah, I'd like to say one thing and I know I couldn't have been the only one that saw this
Yesterday after the ruling when you could see the judge walking back into her chambers
If you if they showed to them all the way
You notice a little smile on her face and on the left side of her face is she's going to her chambers
And I swear to you she
I'm a face. I mean she had a stroke is like the like off to this like John Critchin
Well, that was the profile I saw and then she gave a wink to someone
Did she give like a white power salute? Well, that's not normal. I think for judges really to wink at the courtroom
Well, it depends on what they look like. Yes. Okay. Thanks
Whoo the plot is getting
Say this sign right here
Well, maybe she's learning to fly
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line 12 57 to Q a m
We got with the first piece your role kept the bar as the key goal team we've been horned to six only on sports radio 5 60 Q a
It's the one to two hours
On the other football
They are doing
Grace hold the key to the ground
You got a bag of your fire
He's also smiling to through the river the palm of the ground
Will they kill him?
I don't think they
Have hidden further with you
You're saying all is well a little coach you have
It's all up to tag me up
Whoo
Now even private half Hell or
All the ground
The best you till selfao
Criminal they
But the balls the rapin mother
They all laugh as long as they can feel the bleachers.
They fill out something's gain.
The Loucades who get spotted off his van make the money
and the land is like you do the way.
He behead you for a day or an hour brown.
The wood will be for he on the ground.
Be your man and the town.
Be your man and the town.
Be your man and the town.
Be your man and the town.
Be your man and the town.
Okay, 102 at 560 W.
I can't believe that.
That's a first-year-old mistake.
Five, six, seven.
One thing that doctors don't like to tell you
because they do like you to come back over and over again.
And which is okay.
And they do like to prescribe a lot of pills
to make it look like they do something because we're all impatient.
But viral infections guess what boys and girls?
Do antibiotics make them go away?
No.
So if you have a lingering viral infection
which a lot of people do these days,
you could pop all the guy they had pills in the world
and they will go away?
No.
And it's like Linda Blair said in time.
In time.
Right.
Or maybe not as the case may be.
It'd go on for a very long time.
Like from here to maternity.
And by the way, where the hell did Eric?
Where did the, what's your name?
What's your name, Marlena?
Well, you don't know the days of our lives, do you?
Well, you know when you're home sick, Larry, now,
and then you start watching, oh my god,
and there's Bill Hayes and Julie and the old lady on
the town of the conflict.
Oh my god, look at that.
They brought them back, daughtering old folks from the,
from the soap opera old folks home.
Man, old man, Jean-Rabern just missed out a chance to come back.
And if you would have just hung on.
You know, Jean feels it, both shouldn't be.
Well, and Julie, I can't believe it from the gaze of our lives.
So anyway, Marlena's son, Eric, on it.
You know, anybody in this audience, no Eric?
Uh-huh.
Let's get that number two, along with the aburwa twins.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0.5, 60, see when you're home alone,
watching the soap operas, even when you're sick on a deathbed.
You watch this stuff and it makes you feel a little bit better.
It makes you squeeze once or twice.
Not too hard.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Buenos dias.
Buenos dias.
Do you see me first time calling?
All right.
All right.
And I wanted to share a dream I had with you right now in my last break.
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We don't talk to a phony people who got a sock over it and their phone too.
With their mouth full of something.
Probably transmit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't that his name, Eric?
Marlena's son on the, uh, that's one of the days of our lives.
I'm going to have to start watching that again.
Very closely.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
North Miami.
How you feel?
Yes, sir.
I promise only time, caller.
All right.
Two comments.
One, you can tell the Spanish lady, I think the patient did try to block 79 street and get the,
you know what, kicked out of them 10 years ago.
Oh, 10 years ago.
Well, they learned their lesson.
Yeah, they have to have that.
And you notice by the way that after they arrested 50 people down there, I'm viscane and, uh, by the port,
that that area was very conspicuously absent.
In fact, they had the he came there last night and there were like two stragglers wandering around.
And that was it.
There was no disturbance.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
And the last comment is, um, why hasn't anybody thought on the, uh, one of our government leaders to, uh,
simply sue these people for disrupting public in maybe bankrupt a couple of these outfits like they do to other organizations.
And then they might not be able to make it.
Maybe we can make it bankrupt.
Brothers to the rest of you.
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, exactly.
Or the personal leaders and when they go to that hassle, maybe they'll realize what they're doing.
Yeah.
Or maybe just put them in a slimer for a couple of years for, uh, squalting civil disobedience, etc. and so on.
Well, they shut down a lot of unions that way.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks.
5-6705-60, 05-60 on the AT&T World of Slot.
Let me say it again.
That was a great pull.
Nice job there, Michael Putney on Channel 10.
If there wasn't such a noxious news case, there were 10.
I would start watching them because 4-6 and 7.
Oh, that's exactly what they make me want to do.
Oh, they're so bad.
But they got to, you know, Dwight Lauderdale, but that, uh, since he shaved us off the mustache, nobody likes him anymore.
No.
We used to like you better with a mustache.
Grow up back to white.
It looks like it aged 80 years overnight.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I'm breaking up listening to you talking about colonoscopy.
Let me tell you a funny story real quick.
Yes, sir.
When I was in the, when I was in the army about 25 years ago, I had that done.
And I was a senior officer in the army.
So these young doctors, you know, they wanted to really pick it through, you know.
So they took me into do that.
They didn't give me anything to knock me out.
And then they didn't have TV cameras now and all this other stuff like that.
They had to look through these scopes.
Yeah.
So these two guys are sitting there and I'm dying, you know, because I'm awake, you know what I mean?
And I'm certain that all this other stuff and I, and I hear them talking, you know.
And then talking back and forth and I said, what does this look like in there?
I think I said, well, it looks like a tunnel.
You want to take a look?
And I said, yeah, I've been up there a couple of times before when I had my head up my butt,
but I don't know what it looks like.
You know, I think I said, that he has me to scope.
He handed you the tube. How do you like that?
And you looked up your own rectum.
And I didn't have anything I'd pass on that.
I'm looking up my own thing, you know.
And what it looked like.
It looked like the Hollanderer delinquent tunnel.
It's like a gray Hollander tunnel, you know.
And these guys are laughing and joking and, you know, and that thing's taking the turn, you know what I mean?
And I'm saying, you know, boy, was this a big mistake, you know.
Senior officer going here for two young army doctors, you know.
But now they see that, they put it on the camera and all of a sudden,
you could probably get a video tape off of it.
I wouldn't be surprised if I wind up on like candid camera.
But you could get a video tape, take it home, show it to your friends, you know.
Right.
In fact, we'll just have a word.
Our next appearance will just show it to everybody.
Take a look inside the old rectum.
You know, get everybody on the floor.
Yeah.
All these guys are having a ball, you know.
And they laughing at me, you know what I mean?
I mean, this fucker's taking the turn, you know what I mean?
When it takes the turn.
And that's a lot of guy say that I'm turning it right now.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 60.
On the ATA, well, it felt like a finger anyway.
AT&T wireless line, whatever I'm talking about.
Or did I take our friends from Bacardi?
I promised that the fine young man from Bacardi.
I would mention him being that our appearance on Saturday at Nixie Garst.
He was a very fine young man who's a big fan of the show too, by the way.
And those Bacardi girls.
And the Bacardi girls, I took a picture with them, didn't notice them too much,
because I was paying more attention to him, but nevertheless.
And how's Danny doing, by the way?
Not Danny from Danny and Jimmy.
Now, if we could just find some good-looking guy in the audience named Jimmy,
or we could have our own Danny and Jimmy.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Forget about these other guys, they're ugly.
Sorry, Danny, but you know, those Batman lips just don't make it.
Nine minutes after one.
I know it's not the bads of the Joker lips.
That's what he's got.
Like a Joker.
And he was, no, that's too recent for a Bokobron, the Joker.
Here's the gacky stock, so carry.
Oh!
We got the however it's you, bids of me and y'all me.
Yes.
You would request our demands or we'll get angry.
And we're short to flexing traffic in the street.
We know that today is a new day from the finger island.
But with the most important people in our minds.
Hey, Leon!
Hey, the G-Sat!
Hey, Leon!
Hey, Leon!
And we'll get angry and dance we will get saved.
We've been sous guide all the way for the violin kilometers
And we'll get negative play any minute.
Yes.
And do we know what is validea and anything but the music
I have 60 WQM, at least he's in the right order of the good juice, I guess.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, the out of town line, forget it.
We don't care about them.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
First, I want to say that I just started listening to your show very recently and I think it's
great.
I'm a first time caller.
Thank you.
And it was my boyfriend that just me answer you guys.
I'd actually like to send a greeting to him.
His name is Johnny.
Hi, Johnny.
And first, Eric Brady is a cutie, isn't he?
Some days of our life.
Eric Brady, Jesus, where the hell did he come from?
I haven't watched that show since Jesus was a baby in 100 years and you turn on the show
Marlene is still the same.
She looks exactly the same.
And then they brought back to God.
It used to be like the ranch hand on the show and all of a sudden he's Roman.
Who are they kidding?
He was on a show for 10 years ago, huh?
Actually, what's even funnier is when John and Marlene came back from their honeymoon.
They're told it's 10 years older.
And oh, well, see, it happens on guiding light.
The kids one day they're 12 the next day they're 20.
I know.
Yeah, it's amazing.
And Stefano, he's only died 55 times.
I was just telling Johnny all about that, my boyfriend.
He's like 900 lives, huh?
Exactly.
But I also wanted to comment on that alleys thing.
It is so awesome.
I mean, just send him back to his father and leave us alone.
He must be the most important person on the face of the earth, you know?
And what all the coverage he's getting?
I know.
And do you know what?
These people would stop protesting if the press did not glamorize them.
Yeah.
I mean, that's all there is to it.
Just remember, we're channels 46, 7 and 10, antichrist.
Oh, geez.
One snatches.
I mean, rich snatches.
Snatches.
Snatches, yeah.
Please.
Have a great day, pal.
Oh, man.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye.
Don't call me, pal.
Pally.
Hey, pal.
By the way, where's the fat boy lately?
Not that I miss him or anything like that.
Oh, God.
And if you stay home during the daytime, if you're sick and you turn on the soap operas,
even if you think soap operas are for pansies, a lot of beautiful people on air, male, female,
some are really not too sure.
Like Billy there on Guiding Light.
We're not too sure about him.
But here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Male.
Yes, sir.
Am I on?
It sounds exactly like you.
I'm on.
I'm on.
What do you want?
Hey, two quick comments and I'll hang up to listen to your response.
He's done.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, I'm this alien thing.
Yes, alien.
Alien.
We got to be able.
We got to be the laughing stock that put up with this.
Yeah, but we're used to that.
And we're used to that.
Oh, yeah.
Always the laughing stock, at least we're conceited.
We're confused.
We're pond in this game.
Yeah.
We're pond in this game.
We're pond.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, pond.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're still on.
We're going to be like shellfish.
It's a little behind cluster.
draw but anyway.
And yeah, have a great day.
I can't.
He's just too much stammering.
You know what?
I understand it when you're on a phone.
It's a little bit difficult sometimes.
It is a little on the hard side, but in his case, I doubt it.
But I mean, stammering.
I'm just not thinking of stammer.
You know what I'm saying?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
See, my philosophy in life is that it's a good advice to live by.
When it's out.
Spit it out.
Here's the Palm Beach.
Hello.
Palm Beach.
Going once.
Going twice.
What is it about Palm Beach and four Myers?
Where all of those people they...
Off their feet, man.
Something about it.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to give you some good news.
Here it.
Ah!
Yeah, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
Maybe too.
Just a little bit.
But like you, we've got a small and a large dish.
Yes.
And last week I had a occasion called that link, our service provider.
And they said we could get the networks on the big dish again.
You can on the big dish immediately sign up for them.
Yes, sir.
I got prime time heast.
And I also got the Denver 5 foot.
Oh, you mean the...
How is that possible?
No, no.
They said that there was some action signed by the president last week.
And they were now able to provide that service again.
And I signed up for a heartbeat.
Yeah.
Just took no photo.
I'm not just talking right now.
It's great news.
I was extremely excited because like you, I can't stand the local...
There's nothing like all of the Orthodox state.
There's nothing like having two set-editious, man.
You got it.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Yeah, I was great.
About three years ago, they tried to take the networks away and they...
Yeah, the people who are in our lives.
Yeah, I said if you can give us a reason why not...
Stayed it here.
And I just said, how can I pretend I'm not here if you make me watch local TV?
Right.
And I thought that was a pretty good response.
And I heard back from them.
Well, thanks for doing a great job.
I'm sure you did it.
You put us over the top.
I'm proud to be a participant here.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Damn woman, it's my mother, Eric.
I'm just taking a photo.
Come on.
She's cute.
Well, there you go.
It's something for everyone.
Not as pretty as him though.
We got to admit, he's pretty in tune.
He's real pretty.
Eric, don't faint out, Eric.
Oh, sorry, too late.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I don't have woman by life for all these goddamn soap operas.
Okay, except guiding light, which I've been watching for now, longer than I'm carrying
to admit.
Do you have any idea how long I've been watching that now?
41 years.
41 years.
Do I dare to tell that boring story about how I used to come home from lunch from high
school?
And it was on 15 minutes and 12, 45 after search for tomorrow.
Would Joan Macherville update?
Do I dare to tell that story?
No.
No.
41 years.
And guess what Bill Bauer just died, huh?
Had that story last week.
Boy.
And Vanessa's in a goddamn coma again.
Jesus, she's in.
She's out.
She's like the Jeff Cohen of soap operas in and out, in and out.
What am I, I'm rambling now?
I think Eric put me over the edge.
Maybe Eric will be staying there on my bedside tomorrow when I have my colonoscopy, huh?
Right.
Don't get too close, Eric.
Here's the mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Look, unfortunately, I'm an expert on colonoscopies.
I've had about 10 of us.
Really?
Yeah, I've got the old sort of collidance.
I have to have one every year, year and a half.
OK, now what is all that I have last week?
What is all sort of collidance?
What are the symptoms?
I'm very frequent bowel movements with mucus in there and urgency.
Yeah.
And I mean, I haven't had it for a couple of years.
And that's all?
That's all it is?
Well, don't say it's all it is because you can go 30, 40 times a day.
30, 40 times a day.
So as soon as you stand up and start to walk around.
You see how to trouble?
Yeah, sure does.
Yeah.
30 or 40 times a day.
You can just like twice an hour.
That's correct.
And during your waking hours, more like two and a half times a day.
That's a question of how do you do it a half a time?
When it's active.
Now, here's the thing.
Yeah.
You're taking the prep that you're going to take.
Good news and bad news.
Yeah.
You're going to take your day up to drinks like the one glass bowl.
And it's like dynamite.
Right.
And it'll clean it out.
But it rips the hell out of your stomach.
I mean, it really rips you.
Oh, great.
But if they gave you the regular prep, which is coal light,
you have to drink a four liter container.
That's like a gallon of that car.
Oh, man.
And you have to drink it every 10 minutes.
Take me a year later.
I'll pass on that.
Yeah, it's no fun.
I think you might as well endure the pain.
Now, as far as the coal enough to be itself,
you're going to lay on the table.
They're going to have the inner veneous line.
And yeah, the guy's going to come.
And you're going to get number one.
Yeah.
I was your hope nod.
Yeah.
This is starting to sound a little kinky to me.
You're going to get demoral and first said.
And why?
First said, CEO, FED.
That's what they use for the local.
And once they inject it into your line,
you'll have five anywhere from five to 10,
very pleasant seconds, beautiful floating,
better than the best pot.
I'll be floating again.
And then you're completely out.
Oh, good.
Now, some patients they ask what you like to see it
on the TV.
No.
And if you want to see it on a TV,
instead of giving you like five millimetres,
it'll give you two or three.
And then you're awake watching the TV.
No, I'm watching my own TV right here right now.
I don't know.
It'll be the pictures when you're done.
Because when they do the coal enough to be,
there's a camera in there.
And they click the camera and you get pictures.
And as soon as they go, well, let me ask you this.
If they find like a polyp way up in there,
they'll stick it out.
They stick it right then.
They'll snare it.
And they'll take it out.
They snare it.
They snare it.
Yeah, with a snare.
Now, are they using the rompopio pocket fisherman
to do this at the same time?
They snare it?
Well, it all depends.
It all depends on you.
Who's your doctor anyway?
Dr. Diamond.
Not the lawyer.
He's a bitman's partner in Crowley's very good.
Oh, okay.
So they say, I'll let you know if he's very good.
Now listen to me.
One other thing.
With that, when you're on that thing there.
Yeah.
Make sure if you're awake when they start doing the coal
with the ash could be.
Make sure both of his hands aren't on your shoulders.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's what you're doing.
I've read those stories, pal.
Thanks a lot.
You'll be fine.
It's a piece of cake.
Okay.
Thanks.
I wish I could have a piece of cake.
Anything today?
No.
No, this is yum kipper today for me.
Can't eat the thing.
You could eat breakfast today on a prep day.
But do I eat breakfast?
No.
So what's the point of eating it in the first place?
Let's look at a head start.
Might win a dot start.
You're cleaning it out.
Yeah.
Sounds real pleasant to me.
Doesn't it?
But like I said, this is the way God.
He works in mysterious ways.
You know, that's why we got all that plumbing and those strange things and those tumors and
God only knows what.
And then of course, how come everybody's only calling about the...
Bracto.
But I've only had water to cause about the endoscopy where they stick the tube down your throat.
And like I said, they wash and off first after they pull it out of the other end.
Yeah.
I'm getting both ends.
Boy, when they get through with me, they'll have pictures of a matchstick man by the time
they get through with me.
I mean, everything, every little nook and cranny.
Five stick.
All we're going to do is call from St. Petersburg.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Good luck at the doctor tomorrow.
Also, the last gentleman before this guy here about the net length and the networks being
restored is absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
What a great piece of news that is.
And he was right.
And not it's just one of the few you went on that and you have a loyal listener here
and keep up to good work and all listen to you on Thursday.
And God bless you.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank you.
There's a call from St. Petersburg.
And that goes a lot better than our four Myers callers today.
Don't take it personally for Myers.
We had a lot of wonderful people, but they're busy and they're trying to make a living so
they can buy out to want to be pleased and do something productive with their lives.
But boy, some of those calls from four Myers man.
All you can say is.
What the hell is going on over there and did the sheep run away over the weekend?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
We're deciding today.
Can he stay?
Can he leave?
Okay.
Shall he stay?
Shall he leave?
Not really, I'm necessarily.
We'll find somebody else who will take a vote on.
Who else can we take a poll on?
Should he stay or should he get there a lot of here?
That's going to be a long list.
Yeah.
I was thinking over 20 or 30.
It was rapidly flashing through my mind.
Most of the sales department flies through their real fans.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
You have a very good entertain show.
Yes, I do.
I listen to you all the time.
It just never called you.
But I want to say something about the formal Miami.
You know, I believe in to it.
And it really gives a bad name to all of all the Hispanics like me.
And I'm actually white.
But you know, it's coming in Spanish.
I think we're Spanish.
We are race.
I think white.
So you do white black Asian.
And anyway.
I think what we're going to have to do in this town is start making everybody take a blood
test to find out what their family tree is.
Yeah.
But it was people down there.
They should have been up in a tree.
Listen to this.
I was looking to a registration in Spanish Jose and they were saying where was Rome or
Martinez and where was Regalato and where was Venezuela?
I mean, they're doing their job.
You know, they're commissioners.
They're mayors.
They, you know, that's the job.
Well, I don't know what they're saying about Regalato.
He makes that.
Regalato was down there in a middle of it like he always is.
He's an exploiting piece of crap.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, why would it be?
You know, I have to be at the mayor's office and being in Martinez.
I really don't understand why would they have to do screening and doing all these.
Mayor Martinez is busy out there in the streets of highly, a beaten up midges and keeping
the streets clear for traffic.
You're right.
I'm just calling to, you know, I hope, you know, you can't even consider that.
No, his fans, I would say.
We know it's the same old agitators over and over again in their brainwashed little punky
kids who got nothing better to do than be a bunch of wine zasses.
Go out in the street.
He said, that's really sad.
You have a good show.
I don't always agree with everything you say, but it's very entertainment.
Thanks, pal.
Take care.
I'll be there to you.
126 at 560 WQA.
I'm, how can the Doug and Julie be back on Jesus' great?
And I think Tom Horton's wife, I thought she died a while ago and she came back.
I mean, in real life.
I'm so popular sometimes they die and they come back, but she like died for real and
she's bad.
But, Garrett, for Alice Horton or whatever, her name is Goddamnit.
This is 560 QAF.
Neil Rogers.
God.
Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale of the bearded comedy stuff.
Whose machine puts over a dropping aisle South of Florida.
They ran from the big fat two-win man who conquered their island hold.
Which three to five-sour will be new when the rest have to take a post or build a rap
and float.
Yes.
I'm, you've been taught to get it back quickly, gave it up.
I've been given the Bay of Pips and Trials the Air Force didn't show up.
They float even to my early end when the competition's in place like Bay of Venus and Suarez
and Suarez.
I'm a baby.
I'm a baby.
I'm a baby.
Okay.
1.31 at 5.60 WQ.
I'm almost gagging here because somebody faxed me a whole description here.
Hopefully this is very old by the way.
About the medical procedure with colonoscopies.
It's two nights before the procedure.
Patient takes 60, whatever that is of magnesia and one night before hand takes either two
ounces of caster oil or ten ounces of magnesium citrate orally.
Yeah, exactly.
On the morning of the exam, mechanical cleansing of the sigmoid and left colon is curated out
by two tap water animals until fluid return is cleared.
Alternatively, commercially prepared solutions such as go lightly.
Maybe used with the curivular results without the need for animals.
And that goes on about 50 gallons of, oh, gee, that's God.
Thanks a lot, Jethro.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I just wanted to ask you a question.
I'm a long time listener for San Carlos.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask you, what is the difference between what the Cubans are doing?
And I don't think that they should block the roads.
But what is the difference between what they're doing and when an airline strikes?
In other words, you know, the pilot strike and they hold up the whole nation on all these fights.
What's the difference?
Well, I mean, you know, you're, well, how about any union, any union?
No, I agree with that, you know, but I know what you're saying.
But there's no difference.
The difference is that this is the American way.
Is it not?
No, no, it is not.
I mean, people or members of unions have a right to strike.
People are just ordinary people with a grievance.
If every time somebody group of people gets pissed off about something and they go out and start disrupting traffic and slowing down and making threats to block,
see the people who go on strike like the airlines.
They have a specific grievance that has to do with the airline itself.
These people are taking out on people that have nothing to do with their grievance, all their problems.
The public has got nothing to do with it.
What the hell does the airport have to do?
Slowing down the airport for people who want to live their lives.
What if that had to do with whether Ali and Rodriguez stays in Miami or goes back to Cuba?
Oh, no, no, I agree with that.
I mean, I agree that you shouldn't want the airline to go on strike.
It's not specifically done to punish the consumer.
The people who want to fly.
But it's done to bring pressure on the company that they work for to settle their grievances.
Yeah, but it's still great.
But people who are trying to drive on a street to Miami, they can't settle those grievances.
Yeah, but they still bring grievance on the consumer.
You know, those pilots, when they fly.
I agree.
I couldn't agree anymore.
Okay, Neil, I hope everything works out.
Good for you.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Hope it all comes out in the end.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing this afternoon?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, that's what I say that I am at this point.
I am totally indifferent to the alien crisis.
Really excellent.
That's the best way to look at it.
Look at this.
One of the things I wouldn't talk to you about a touch base with you on his desk.
You know, trying to try and improve your quality of life and all Americans' quality of life.
Tell me this.
What do you know, as I spoke to George, I used to the other day of our trip.
But I know not much.
Yeah, about Alan Keyes.
What do I know about him?
Yeah, I know.
I know he's a self-hating sparcer.
I know that.
Hold on, Karen, I know.
He reminds me of the log cabin Republican fags, the people with a death wish.
Here he's like Jews for Hitler.
In addition to which he makes Gary Bauer look like I look like Ted Kennedy.
That's how with his moralistic bull crap and values and guts, he's a bull crap artist, Alan Keyes.
Let me just explain this to you now.
This isn't reality.
The man that's talking about basically reuniting our nation.
They should be bringing a nation back to the principles and which the nation was found.
And what was that?
I'm sticking their nose in everybody's all else's business and being a goody-two shoes.
That was fun.
It's about self-enpowerment, you know, less government, morality.
You know, he's not for self-empowerment.
He's another one of these right wing lunatics that wants to govern in your bedroom.
No, no, no.
That's not something to tell you.
Yes, yes, yes.
I listen to those debates.
I hear the crap he's feeling.
This man really picks the hands off the post.
He wants to give more back to the people.
Yeah.
And in other words, you let the other candidates in turn know what they have to offer.
They would, they don't have anything to offer.
Alan, because of the fact that you have to be black, therefore you like Alan Keyes.
No, no, no, no, no.
Because he's black.
Is that what you're telling me, sir?
I mean, that's ridiculous.
No, because I'm a supporter of Bill Clinton.
That has nothing to do with it.
So what did he got going for in this guy?
He's just wasting everybody's time.
He's going to get one percent of the in the primary.
And in exact, that's a problem.
He doesn't have the main recognition.
Otherwise, this gentleman's ideas, values, and principles.
That far exceeds any of the other candidates that I saw on that stage.
I couldn't disagree with him more.
He did, to me, he's the worst.
He's even worse than Gary Bauer.
He's the worst than Papa Bauer.
Yes, and did you hear George Bush or Gary Bauer's speak?
Come on.
You know, George Bush could hardly put together our comprehensible sentence.
Didn't you hear George Bush say, I heard it.
You know, George Bush is running on his father's name.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm not going to defend any dealers because they don't have one candidate.
And that's worth the price of peanuts.
I agree with that.
But Alan Kees is a wasted time, sir.
And when candidates start getting up and moralized and talking about bringing us back to the values,
and all this other crap, he's talking to Kaka.
He ought to go to the ministry, he can make a fortune there.
He ought to start a television ministry and stop wasting this time with his crap.
What kind of, who do you think it's been the idea of the candidate of the end of his isn't participating?
There isn't any good candidate.
Neither party.
No, I'm not being able to.
Why? You asked me a question. I'm talking. I don't like any of them.
Well, I know what the reality is.
I like Mario Cuomo.
You need to pay attention a little bit more with the politics and understand what these people are trying to bring across.
Because let me just say that.
Well, in other words, I need to pay attention more.
I've been watching those debates, even though I'm a Democrat.
I've been watching those debates.
And because I don't agree with your perception of what he says,
therefore I'm not paying enough attention.
No, that's ridiculous.
No, I'm not saying that one thing.
What are you saying?
What I'm saying is this. The guy has some great ideas.
I don't agree with you. I think he's full of crap.
And you can keep staying it over and over again and just wasting your time.
Have a great day, sir.
And stop trying to pedal a guy. It's not going to get 50 votes.
He's got great ideas.
Oh, we got to go back to morality.
And I'm setting this pledge to keep the facts out of the military.
And we want to do this.
And back into church and spirits.
Well, he talks crap.
Let me say it again.
He makes Gary Bowers seem like a raving left wing like Omaha,
Nista, almost.
And Gary Bowers got his card with a swastika on it.
That's how that's how raving part of the right disguise.
Alan Keys.
Just like fags, the logger cabin Republicans,
rich spoil like Alice Rantell, rich spoil little faggots who can't
leave the Republican party.
Because that's the way mommy and daddy brought him up.
Pathetic.
22 before two with five 60 WQM.
Oh, Panthers host the islanders with tonight at National Card
Result Center.
Join the new voices of the Panthers,
Chicks, McDonald and Randy.
Oh, hey, God, Laratha, the capture of the crowd.
Panthers preview starts at seven here on sports radio five 60 Q.A.M.
Neil God.
I'm John Rockers.
You know, when him left this major league baseball,
pinko bag told me I couldn't swing his ball in a burn in cross.
Well, sir, I decided to open my old God damn Christian style restaurant.
Rockers, barbecues.
As Rockers barbecues, we got a full menu and down hole cooking.
Like pop some stew and leg meat grills.
No roasted over a spin.
And ever Friday night, we go Brazilian.
Yeah, that's the raw sashay around the mouth.
They were addressed in love, my skewer, a meat on your table.
We don't let big-sour diggers and Jews in Rockers barbecues.
No.
Okay, it's a 142.
Now, the last call, he was a classic example of what's wrong with a lot of cars.
And he's probably thinking, oh, that's a bitch hung up on me.
I hung up on you because first of all, it's only a four-hour show.
Secondly, you said the same thing over and over at least ten times.
And thirdly, you're trying to sell me something and I'm not buying.
You're entitled to that opinion.
You can elope with Alan Keys.
I'll pack you a sandwich.
I don't care.
Have a great life.
I don't like him.
I don't like what he says.
He's another, not even a friend.
I wouldn't even call him a fringe candidate.
He's not existing except he's in there bugging everybody over here.
He's a perennial waste of time.
So what's the point?
Is there a point?
No.
Thank you.
The point is that Bill Hayes looks really bad.
They're on the gaze of our lives.
Oh, she was to snap.
Oh, my God.
And that bow, huh?
Bow.
17-till-two.
We got Hank Goldberg from Kool City at two, Bougshaabie at six.
Hurricane basketball against Seaton Hall against the girls team.
Seven o'clock tonight.
Here's Pompey.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Turn it down.
Turn it down.
Turn the radio down.
Turn the radio down, Dan.
Turn the radio down.
Do you do it back?
Yeah.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
I just want to tell you, man, you are right on every point.
Okay.
And I remember I'm a third generation Miami.
I remember when there were no coupons in Miami.
Yeah.
Except gardeners.
And it was people.
And the sparks just stayed on their side of the tracks.
Got love them.
You know?
Oh, like I said, Palm Beach and Fort Myers.
And if you forget about Jimmy and Danny, we got four Myers and Palm Beach, Palm Beach and
Fort Myers.
What are we going to do with both of them?
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Now, what is it that he usually says that voice?
He usually says, I'm trying to think of which one he is.
So that red, necky voice.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he usually says basically the same thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I'm Neil.
Okay.
I love what if you think that the dolphins are going to have a higher run?
Oh, there's an aerosol.
Oh, it looks like those lips have had a lot of practice, Eric.
I don't know what they've been doing.
5, 6, what are you laughing about?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See if some guy who's on TV, for example, or in a way, is pretty, they're right away.
It might have caught him.
You know, but that doesn't make him some kind of a fag.
There are pretty guys who are straight, one or two.
I can't name any at the moment, but, huh?
And I like Nigel, our buddy, McGill, in there who was kind of enough to head.
By the way, Joe Castello was out on Saturday.
Pussy, pussy, pussy.
Mr. Auto racing, Mr. Macho Auto racing guy.
Did he show up there at Nick's flagrest race?
No.
No, was he was threatening to do?
And you want to know why?
Because he was probably a scared.
Just like Volka Bryant came in here and said, well, I'm a scared of those procedures you're
going to go, what kind of a pussy are you, man?
You're like one step away from John Penis who was hyperventilating and passing out that
he had a came in here and drew blood out of my arm.
Yeah, that's right.
A real man here.
Like, I just yesterday stayed through blood again in my doctor's office.
Some young sparts are ladies.
He's a nice job, too, by the way, sweetheart.
We're going to have just a little, as opposed to the usual, big black and blue.
You can barely even see that little prick.
And then what am I armed to?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's the facts.
Are you off the Atkins diet?
Why?
How about Nanya?
Huh?
Nanya got them business.
Was I ever on the Atkins diet recently?
No.
I love these people that keep calling up.
But, you know, I'm talking about fish food and all the crap we eat in here.
What is wrong with these people?
Huh?
What is wrong with them?
If you're on the Atkins diet, I'm on a great diet today.
It's called the starvation diet.
It's called the water and gatorade and the fuck it makes you crap.
You're brain's out, Dye.
That's it today.
And I guarantee you, tomorrow I'm going to get on that scale.
It's going to be sensational.
It's going to be like a miracle.
When it's out, clean it out.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, Nanya, how are you doing?
Great.
This is my, I'm a first time caller.
I'm a Cuban American.
And to be quite honest with you, I'm getting sick and tired of hearing all these self-serving,
Cuban political ex-alleaders.
I'm coming.
I'm coming.
Right.
Showing their ideologies and their self-righteous beliefs down everyone's throat.
Doubbing it down our throats.
You know, I mean, when first, it was the Orioles going to Cuba.
And then it was Los Bon Bon.
Los Bon Bon, right?
And it's not full of their bunch of hypocrites because I mean the Orioles can't go to Cuba,
but yet every Pepe and Ofeli and Hialeah can go and take American dollars to Fadel.
Right.
And what's the purpose of the embargo then?
Right.
Then you got Los Bon Bon coming and they're playing and then people just want to go and enjoy the music.
and they got a bunch of people
and they're not out there
I said this last week and I'll say it again
how can the same people who have no concept of what freedom is all about?
be out there in the streets, you know, lead back that
lead back that when they have been standing in a way for years now
a real liberty and date counting and turning into a banana republic
where they judge and permit whatever they like and whatever they don't like can't be here
that's not liberty, that's fascism which of course they know a lot about
Exactly, and we'll deal with that basically all I had to say
and I'm a first time call and I love your show
keep up the good work
Alright pal, I'll pray for us
Take care
Thanks
Come on Baruch, I taught him I'd barre-sheet, Baraha, I have a barre-sheet
what kind of a statement is that, huh?
They knew they're barre-sheet in the Bible, those hebrus
That's what it says in the beginning
Barre-sheet, Baraha, I don't know what whatever that means
Harret?
Hey, I know my damn Bible crap that hebrus stuff
huh? A bunch of garbage is what it is
Silly stuff
Fairy tales for adults
In the beginning God created a deep, the Buparaya right
and it was good
Well if it's so good, how come they got to go look at my
uh, breakfast tomorrow, huh?
If it's so good, he saw it was good
I hope they see it's good
No seriously, what kind of a person will believe in about all the disease in the
uh, the suffering and the crap and the world
Oh, God, he has a plan like Roger Nielsen says
You know, I wish you luck Roger, but stop talking a religious crap, okay?
He's got a plan for me and whatever it is I can accept it
Better be, Baraboya, okay Roger
And by the way, we don't want Wendell Clark
Here's Miami, hello
I'm going to you
Yes, how are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good, my buddy Erickson right now go ahead
Yeah, I just wanted to, uh, I don't know if the Cubans
all they have to say about the protesting and stuff
is how did this country come about
of protesting on the Tea Party protesting but hey
I mean, I don't know what I mean, I'm waiting
Wait a minute sir, you're talking about people who are fighting for their freedom
against the tyranny of the British
What exactly are you going to say?
What?
That's it, that was the second I was going to say
People were protesting for freedom in the United States
Yes, now you have all these Cubans, Pidot, fly chopping Cuba
Wow, they have to run, wearing Cuba, no here
Right
And knowing to people that really, I mean, uh, on Camilo
If you wanted to do it a bit of a tyrant like, supposedly a Pidot
Sir, he's not going anywhere, he's not leaving, he's not going
No, my message is that the 200 Cubans that the 200
The 200 Cubans that were protesting is if you want to go rid of Pidot
Go to Cuba and go rid of Pidot
Because Pidot is just laughing his eyes off looking, you know, just looking at the kind of claps they're doing over here
He's looking at crap, okay, thank you sir, a lot of people looking at crap this week
That seems to be what it's all about
A lot of people looking at crap
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I call it a retro virus, 1042 at 560 WQM A.
Only one South Florida radio station.
You're the thing to do it.
A Goldberg weekday afternoon to 2 sports radio 560 QAM.
A find out for Friday.
Swing clubs swing and unsaturday night.
The price is admission, $150.
Vodalabacardi rum, $17.99.
When it's on sale at Albert's,
Consura-acceptives,
three, the look on Jocoscillo's face.
When he sees a pair of an old man's losing balls,
hovering over his face,
Christlitz, Master Nation Guard.
It's everywhere a race car driver wants to be.
If he can't drive a stick.
All right.
What timing?
All right.
I told you we could even.
Woo!
Heavy!
Duty.
$155.
I wish you could see yourself in a mirror.
George just turned purple.
Wow.
You had to have been there.
Yeah, okay.
$155.5.
$50.00.
I don't want to be there.
Believe me.
Trust me.
Now if Eric might have been there,
like over in the corner.
Here's a mobile and four-later Dale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes.
Two quick things on the,
I was talking about the Panthers about May,
but first,
like the Panthers.
I remember them.
Before that, I could talk to them,
a quick thing about aliens.
This kid does not need the courtroom.
He does not need Disney World.
Let's get him on the field.
If he could drill the ball over a thousand hours,
he can't take the Panthers.
Okay.
Moving out of the Panthers.
Panthers, go Panthers.
Okay, great.
Here's D'Arral.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
I have a little question for you.
Okay.
I want to buy the best of Neal Rogers in 1989.
Uh-huh.
I saw the CD.
I'll sell, I'll sell it.
I'll sell it.
On the 24th.
I've got to buy from center one.
I've got to buy from center one.
Right.
How do I go about doing that?
954.
954.
563.
563.
3600.
Or you can also get it right off our website,
Neal Rogers.com.
You can buy it off our website.
Okay.
That's all.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
There you go.
I should mention that more often than once at the end of the year.
Comes, the thing is all over.
You can still get them there on Neal Rogers.com.
Which Eric does a great job on, by the way.
Thank you, Eric.
Or you can just call center one or even go right to center one
and pick it up there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neal.
Yes sir.
For a great time on Saturday.
I was the person with the Zeta 4 picture.
Right.
With the bird and my brother.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
You had a great time.
And I don't want to cut it short,
but I just want to say hello to my father.
And why don't you go back to Brooklyn and stay there.
And John Pean is like, oh!
Oh!
I would want to say, obsessed with the words of this guy.
And his brother, were they obsessed?
A little bit obsessed?
Yes!
Right.
But you know, they met well.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes.
I'm Neal. First time caller.
All right.
Hey, I just want to let you know,
not all good looking guys are gay.
I got his friends.
Very good looking.
Great as an arrow.
I got a girlfriend every week.
Tell her if I was gay, I'd date them.
You know, just, uh, fun.
Yes sir.
This is a stupid stereotype that a lot of people think that if a guy is pretty,
you know, pretty boys, well they must be, you know.
Yeah, from where it's from.
I'm pretty straight.
So, but they're out there.
So, women, you know, don't worry.
Okay.
I'll find you.
Thanks.
And of course, one thing about pretty guys, they're all available.
They're all ready.
They're all hot and horny.
Uh-huh.
And if not, uh, you know, just to keep trying.
567-0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami, yes sir.
Yeah, first time caller.
All right.
And Dotscapee, I had one approximately four months ago.
Okay.
I found like you survived.
Not until it.
Right.
So, you kind of put me down.
I woke up, went home, went about my business.
Good luck, buddy.
Thanks.
Thanks.
See, it's a piece of cake and both of Brian's in here, hyperventilating and peeing all over
himself, and he's not even the one that's going to go do it.
That have changed his underwear two or three times after I told him, you know, uh, and you
ought to be doing it all far like you.
Not the end of us could be, but certainly the colonoscopy, yeah.
After 40, you got to let him stick it in your rectum and that camera too.
I'm telling you right now because better be safe than sorry.
Rectum.
Spread him.
Is it book them or spread them?
I forget how that goes.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, huh?
Neil.
I think Jack Lourd used to say spread them.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to talk to your sidekick, George.
You gave me some good advice on the club down there and I appreciate it.
Yeah.
Strap me in Fort Lauderdale outstanding.
Yes, sir.
I'm thankful.
Okay.
Thanks a lot George.
Oh, you're welcome.
You're a good time there and he was applying his hands out for everybody good, including I think Joe Castello.
Okay, do we have time?
Maybe for one.
Here's a mobile in plantation.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
He first time called.
