4th radio, 560 W2A FIS, and 4th Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
They're talking Neil called 567 0560 toll-free, redaded rowered, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is best, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
as easily read acquisitions or the easily drug test.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio, 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you fast, good.
Here's the hell out of my way, I'm going to point my head between my legs and train,
to measure who they are.
How foolish is the cockpit to go in a diamond crash, the place?
I'm eating my last piece of butter, butter, praise for no.
I'm sorry, I can eat this guy.
I'm sorry, I can't eat this guy.
Hey everybody, look at me, I'm flying just like a Kennedy.
Good day to you guys, and I think I'm offering you to the drink,
I'll use a mask everywhere, hey, whoa, hey, hey.
I say I can't get a good guy, I'm saying I can't get a good guy.
Everybody hold your breath!
Here we go!
Say hello!
I believe it's working with the FBI, as folks that hold the FBI and the FBI,
here today to announce the conclusion that the investigation of the easy drug crash is not the case.
It's nothing at all, have a happy day.
I had less than a minute to piss off any of our upside Egyptian friends out there,
do we have any Egyptian friends?
No!
Like I said, who cares if we piss them off or not?
But pilot intended a crash into ESP says, like this is a big surprise.
They knew about this, as soon as they got the voice recorder,
they knew about the story, they knew what the hell he did.
Am I right about that?
Of course!
But then the family said this and the Egyptian government said,
we always gotta be worried about we're gonna offend somebody, that's the problem in this world.
Rather than just telling you the guy damn truth, no matter who we're defends,
we gotta be on pins and needles, because we don't want to piss anybody off.
Do they have the bomb?
No!
So screw them, that's what I say.
They don't have a bomb, but just don't worry about pissing them off or not,
as the case may be, although they did deal with those nice pyramids.
So anyway, the Sunsett will not be outdone by itself this morning on the East,
and they standings in a hockey, and maybe somebody out there has noticed this.
You think anybody else noticed this?
No!
Eastern Conference, there's the Southeast Division.
See, I'm wanna look in there to see how many points Ottawa got,
because they were tied with Philadelphia, and I was pretty sure how many it was,
but I just wanted to double check, see how far they're behind Toronto.
Well, Toronto and Ottawa, that division doesn't exist anymore.
Sunsett will's got the Southeast Division, the Atlantic Division,
and the Southeast Division twice.
So the Florida Panthers are on top of two divisions.
If you read this morning, Sunsett will, nice going boys.
Now comes the real question of the day.
What kind of person in its right mind?
No, I have in my hand.
I have something in my hand.
Not that.
I mean, everybody likes head, but nobody likes head cheese.
Believe me.
So there's a whole bunch of crap here from Borzhead.
You don't think it could be from Richie from Borzhead, do you?
You think?
You know something?
There's a bratwurst in here, which by the way,
I do love Borzhead meats, but their bratwurst is real,
merely, is that the word I'm looking for?
Is it?
Gritty?
I've never had it.
Yeah, gritty rhymes with Schmitty.
I remember old Schmitty used to play a third base.
Now, seriously, I don't like their bratwurst at all,
but the intentions were good.
There's some turkey stuff and some mustard and sweet onions.
There's a whole package here, some cheese, provolone, not bad.
And you know something, Richie, you could bring over 65 pounds
of the most delicious products that Borzhead makes,
and you still be a panonias in a chronic and an asshole.
But you bring this over because you're so desperate to suck it around
if they let, and they'll continue letting you on here on that show,
they don't give a crap who they put on here.
That's obvious.
All you have to do is listen, you can hear that.
But don't call this show because we will not put you on here on this show.
Puerto Rican or not.
So he brings in as the peace to resistance,
and believe me, I can resist it easily.
I may gag, I may puke during the middle of the show just looking at this.
I'm holding it, I'm squeezing it.
Borzhead brand head cheese, a big one.
Oh, God is this gross.
First of all, I hate to break the news to Richie, but Jews don't eat head cheese.
Jews like head, but they don't like head cheese.
I can't imagine anybody, any living being,
with a brain larger than a pea, than a ball bearing,
who would put this in its pus.
It would take one hell of a lot of money.
It would have to be like, it would have to be six digits,
at least five, high five digits,
before I would take a four full of this and put it in my mouth.
And I've had some pretty interesting stuff in my mouth,
but I got news for it.
It could have been, just look at this.
No.
Would you eat it?
No.
God, I'm not bad.
Look at the ingredients.
Cooked pork tongues.
Oh, I'm going to gag.
I really am.
I'm going to puke right here on the ear.
Cooked pork tongues.
Water.
Cooked ham.
Sweet red peppers.
Fresh sweet red peppers.
Water.
Citric acid.
Gelatin.
Oh, yeah.
Lots of gelatin.
I need gelatinous mess.
Salt.
Dextrose.
Sugar.
Flavorings.
Vinegar.
Sodium phosphate.
MSG, of course.
I'm sure just loaded.
Sodium erythrobate.
And sodium nitrate.
And it comes in its own puke bucket, too.
I understand.
So there's as soon as you're taking it, you know.
You can fill it up.
Point it down.
I'm just waiting to find out if there's anybody in this audience who eats head cheese.
And please don't tell me it tastes like chicken.
Oh, God, to look at this thing, it's a gelatinous mess.
It's got like, I don't want to imagine what these things are.
Although I think I already just read them.
Pieces of pork tongues.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is worse than going into your 7-11.
Into your neighborhood, you float them store.
And picking out one of the pickled sausages or pickled eggs, you know,
that little piece of wax paper they eat them in.
And just then, and, oh, man, I get nauseous just watching people do that.
And they do.
And that pink liquid and that, uh, ambiotic fluid that's been sitting in there for weeks and months.
And maybe even years, God only knows, and even he's not too sure.
And they go in there for like a buck and a half or whatever it is.
They get to pick their own.
Just like your nose.
You get to pick your own and you take that wax paper and you reach in there and you pull out one of them nice sausages.
Now you're supposed to use tongues.
Yeah, that's what they look like.
So they're big because they look like something that rhymes with tongues.
Oh, God.
Head cheese.
See, so this right here is reason why we never would let him on the show again anyway.
Even if he had something to say or was interesting, which he's not.
He's obnoxious.
He's grotesque and revolting.
We do like the boars head people.
We just don't like you, Richie.
We can't stand you.
Go back to the Bronx.
You make me nauseous.
Bring us a big head cheese.
That's all they're talking about out here in the worst team guys all morning.
Oh, you see that big head cheese in there?
Oh, yeah.
Notice they didn't come in here and try to swipe that.
Somebody stole my pen.
Somebody from in there.
I'm sure.
But nobody bothered taking a head cheese.
Anybody want it?
No.
Huh?
You sure?
No.
Eight minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM.
No portion of this broadcast.
No.
We're going to be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, B.E.
We've been re-equipmented.
Acquisition course.
Oh, God.
More nerve-racking than the holidays.
More intimidating than taking a shower in the seventh grade locker room.
Even more stomach turnings than Cameron Mannheim naked.
It's high school reunion.
Oh, what are you up to?
I'm in finance.
You really think?
Yeah.
So, yep.
You have nothing to say but really a good.
So, you married Beth.
Yeah.
You know, she was my first wife.
I'll never forget it.
She was in the girls' locker room.
Girl's locker room?
We never forget your first lesbian experience.
High school reunion.
Don't go like, kill her.
You thought it was bad.
You got fat.
Yeah.
I used to be margarit.
Do you dare go?
You are high school reunion.
No, Paso.
Just like the head cheese.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM.
So anyway, I'm sitting here with this 40 pound tumor in my gutter, whatever the hell I got.
It's just amazing.
Can I get an answer for any of these people?
I haven't had to call my good little friend Torpy Gary at Dr. Dick's office this morning in hopes
that he could call over for Dr. Diamond and call over the other place.
They can't give you an answer.
You spend thousands and thousands of dollars.
All of these God damn tests.
They can't even give you the God damn results.
And you sit there and your kish kish are twisting and you're wondering what the hell is going on here and they can't answer.
They can't tell you.
Although the good news is I didn't get a call yesterday from somebody in Dr.
which I can't figure the doctors out.
Dr. Diamond in his office, Robert.
Oh, yeah, the H. Polore was negative.
Do you know what that is?
The H. Polore test was negative.
What's negative is always good.
Whatever it is, it's good.
Unless they're checking if you're breathing.
That negative is not too good on that.
So my H. Polore, let's have a party.
All right.
The H. Polore test was negative.
My endoscopy was negative.
I'm not going to ask if he was negative.
My stress test was great.
Oh, they're not if you like crap.
I'm ready to eat the head cheese and just throw in the towel.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hey, D.L. how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, yesterday I was just into a stupid talk over there.
New afternoon bitch was trying to rip you man.
She said, you okay.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the 18 and T wireless line.
There's a good call for him.
H. Polore is a bacteria that causes stomach ulcers.
Yeah.
Well, I don't have stomach ulcers, I guess, because it was negative.
All right.
No H. Polore and my stools were lovely.
567, let's see if we can't do that simple thing called right off the bat.
We don't care about stupid talk.
Don't you understand?
There are two things I want to tell you right now.
The Danny Marino should play another season or more.
Those people are lifeless and idiots.
And the people anybody who would listen to stupid talk is also an idiot.
So spare me the pain with that crap.
Okay.
Find a life.
Go go, go find a guy named Hooker somewhere or anything.
Kill a couple hours and you have no kills.
10 minutes.
Listening to stupid talk.
Oh, you must be the one, huh?
Because nobody else is on the other side of that.
And if they are, they're sure not admitting it.
Some other desperate bitch they got on here.
Like, I care what they say.
Do I care?
No.
Because nobody is listening anyway.
All I care about is my beautiful head cheese here.
And of course, the board's head symbol, you realize, is the head of the pig.
You do understand that.
All of it has a little circle you on the bottom.
I wonder what that means.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you still working at Delhi in a different lifetime?
Yeah.
I wouldn't even slice that crap.
That's what you want the other guy.
You don't want me to slice that.
Let somebody else stick this other thing.
I mean, I can't even look at it.
What kind of people would buy it?
It's like, mehk.
The stuff they put to go.
They're still the same.
Right.
Exactly.
That's what they wrap it in.
Yeah, you think it's good, but it's not.
It's not, for sure.
Right.
It's more like Schmidt.
No, I wouldn't go near it.
Good choice, pal.
Stay away.
God bless you.
Okay, there's some good advice from a guy who used to work with me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, grandma and grandma, they are coming.
They were going to come last night.
Then Channel 7, Breathless, they reported this morning.
They were not coming.
And then I told Bluff to tell you a young lady that reads our news out of the newspaper
in the morning, whatever her name is, what's her name?
Carolyn.
Carolyn, she's very nice, but she reads the newspaper because we don't have a newswire.
And she got it wrong.
And well, and eventually she got it right.
No, it's like the old thing.
If you threw enough crap up into the air sooner or later, some of it will come down to the earth.
Your right, sweetheart.
They are coming, even though at the time you said that they weren't coming.
If that makes any sense.
Does that make any sense?
No.
No.
But now they are coming.
Then you work to JFK.
It's on.
It's off.
It's in.
It's out.
They are coming.
They are not coming.
The Russians are coming.
The British are coming.
It just never stops.
Here's Wilton Manners.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want some tickets from another station the other day.
A fat Paul Castredovo for a heat game.
And they're in so far up in the rafters.
I'm not even going to go to the game.
And the same guy this morning was ripping you.
I don't know if you heard so far.
No, I did not hear it.
What is this?
Everyone had to call it with spy reports.
What's ripping about what?
Well, just because years ago when I used to live here he was a big fan of yours.
Yeah.
And now this morning he's saying you're daughtering old fool.
You have no new material.
He went on for about two minutes.
I don't know what happened, but that's that big over there is jumping all over.
But it's here less.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
because he's going without his intentions and I know.
But I could have Q and A, if he met his first 1 million dollars during the就到 the
new stuff we play on the show as opposed to you who rip it off everybody else's material.
But like I said, I don't really care.
Man, it goes on here.
Oh, well I ran into him and his, whatever the hell he called, John is a boyfriend, a
one of you who's a pretty around town and the mall.
If I ever seen him at the mall, I haven't seen him in years.
And a hockey game the last time I saw him three, four years ago.
So you're a compulsive liar and desperate, but we saw that have a great life fall, okay,
because you're a small potatoes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So in other words, this is going to be it.
That's what I got today.
Liz Wild said this, your piece of crap and the podcast and all of a sudden your piece of
Schmidt.
Who cares?
Let's get more to the important stuff here.
Let's hear from some people who eat head cheese.
If we had one person call again who admits that the eat this will this not, no.
Somebody must be in it.
And what's the story on these lines over here?
These things work in there or what?
Because that's all I need to find is that one of these lines is oh, no, please tell me this
isn't happening to me again.
Please tell me that this isn't going to be going on again here today because I feel
like you.
And what I have to know is this guy.
Oh, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Someday I'll come in here and everything will work for like a week straight.
Do you believe that?
No.
No.
Do I believe it?
Of course not.
Just a dream.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time, I'm a listener.
First time caller.
Thumbs down on the head cheese.
Have you ever tried it?
Yeah.
At once.
It's something you want to try.
Only when you've had half a bottle of wild turkey.
I would think so, yeah.
Anyway, when you reach out, you could believe it on either one.
Quick comment.
The people that are always ripping you.
You know, it's the cheapest game in the town that if you got nothing positive to say,
if you got no facts, try to put everybody on the defense.
I don't care.
I don't care.
It doesn't make the slightest bit of difference to me.
These people call all paranoid.
Oh, gee.
I don't give a crap what he says.
OK.
I think the Syrians real quick.
You're talking about the H Polar Eye.
Yeah.
And I'm sorry.
I cut the KLN to be a program when I got in the car.
So I didn't hear the old story.
Do you have something going on with your stomach?
Yes.
Can't they not been able to find out what it is?
No.
For a month now.
Well, obviously that's too long.
It's too long.
I'll be here.
I just went through this with my wife.
She got a real.
She diagnosed with a real rare form of stomach cancer.
And that was like after flies and docks to me and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm really using it.
Yeah.
But the doctors at Cleveland Clinic and I
can give your producer some specific names on the oncology people.
And they're super.
I can't say enough to things about them.
Well, how did they finally find it?
Well, by being the doctors, along in the short of it was back and odd.
If she was throwing up a lot of blood.
And the obvious reaction was that it was also related.
Well, yeah, they did find the ulcer.
That was at one hospital.
But when Cleveland Clinic went back and do the second endoscony,
they found the cancer is called a malt lymphoma, which is very rare.
It's only, it's only really been talking about it for the last five years.
And there's a pretty specific regimen required to take care of it.
And it's related to H. Bluora because he's Bluora.
He's only been relatively talked about in the last seven years
because it was an Australian doctor.
Yeah.
But my age Polaritis was negative.
Was that based on a biopsy?
No.
Based on stool samples.
Sir, I never heard of that.
Well, I'm just telling you that's.
I don't know.
I understand.
I don't want to do a whole medical diagnosis here on a year
because neither one of us got an information.
I understand.
But if you're interested in that.
I wouldn't go to Cleveland Clinic with all the respect.
I can let you had to go experience.
I don't like Cleveland Clinic.
I mean, I've had a couple of really bad experiences there.
I have no confidence in them whatsoever.
I have good doctors.
It's just that they can't they just trust their little slow.
I know this is revolutionary.
But my idea is when you have something lingering
and they don't know what the hell it is.
And especially when you don't have medical insurance
but you have hospitalization, probably the smartest thing
what I would do is put the person in a hospital for two or three days,
do all the tests in there while they're there.
And then if they can't find anything out, okay, go ahead and have a great life.
And if they do find something, you know, they deal with it in there
and whatever's going to be will be.
You know what I'm saying?
That would be a smart thing.
As opposed to dragging it out week after week after week
and drinking this kind of crap and that kind of crap
and burying animals and X-rays and the endoscopy.
That's the way I would do it.
But again, that's too simple.
Yeah, yeah.
Well listen, that's a lot.
You could bring your show to the team.
Good luck to your wife.
Thanks, thanks.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, maybe a big 40 pound benign tumor.
Like the guy said yesterday, it wouldn't be too bad.
It was a quick 40 pound.
Yeah.
But who the hell wants to look and smell like Josh Friedman?
Well, by the way, you were going to tell the story about Josh Friedman
and somebody sitting in a chair.
Well, I told it on the air already.
You just hadn't heard it.
Oh, about John Weeter.
Reiner.
And his fancy Sunday go to meet and close
and he sat in the chair, the musical chair.
The musical chair, the Josh Friedman, had stuck up
by just sitting in his fat smelly ass in
and ruined the pair of pants as the end of the story.
He ruined the pair of pants because the chair was so foul
and so infested.
We sprayed him with febris.
Yeah.
He had the pants dry clean.
They came back still smelling of funk.
He had to burn them over the sacrificial altar.
I bet they smelled worse than head cheese.
Oh, in fact, it was something.
Josh Friedman, I would say, is about 500 pounds of walking head cheese.
That's what he is.
It's just not a means of good.
Look at it.
Look at it.
It's gelatinous message.
That's him.
It's got his name on it.
Josh Friedman, Jr.
What it says.
Here's a lady mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I'm in the car on my way with my family to Disney World.
I've been listening to you for 10 years.
You're the best.
Yes, I am.
And let me tell you, your best show ever was a tragedy
and was the day after the Columbine shooting.
Yeah.
But that was your number one best show.
OK.
OK.
I work in a hospital with a lot of doctors and nurses
and everybody loves you.
Listen to you every day.
Well, if they love me, how come they can't find out what's going on?
Well, I work to be watching the monitors, you know,
making believe we're watching people's heart rates.
We're not really supposed to be listening to the radio in all of this.
Oh, I forget about their heart rates.
Right.
And forget about all those doctors.
Stay away from the doctors.
OK.
OK.
And one more thing.
I listen to you every day from 10 to 2.
But I do listen to Paul and Ron from 6 to 10.
Yeah.
And they were not trashing you this morning.
Someone called in and said that you stole their Gilligan's Islands.
That's what started the talk.
They really weren't saying anything about you.
I sold their Gilligan's Islands.
I don't even know what Gilligan's Island is.
The early on's Island.
That's a Voka brand thing.
You shouldn't get it from them.
Oh, well, that's what they said.
Yeah.
Well, they stole it from them.
Gilligan's Island.
And that's something if I did steal it from them, which I did not.
But if I did, I got a long way to catch up with the stuff
that the material is stolen out of this show.
So one, OK.
So one day when you're not there, will you replay that day after Columbine?
No.
Because the day, why not?
I don't know.
We all wanted you as president of the United States today after that.
You were.
You made more sense than anybody on television.
OK.
Have a great time, sweetheart.
All right.
Say hi to Alien.
OK.
He'll be up there with Grant on.
We're going to see Mickey.
Oh, is he going to be there this weekend?
I would be surprised to be there with Grant on.
Wow.
Turn the car around.
I'm going on.
See ya.
Bye.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, grandma.
They coming or what, huh?
No.
No.
No.
We don't know.
They're on their way.
They're on their way to JFK.
Oh, here's a head cheese eater from McCake Coral.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Peter.
Yeah.
OK.
We love your show over here.
I grew up on mission in the Midwest.
And we ate head cheese a lot.
Yeah.
And don't knock until you try it.
It's very, very good taste like.
It's kind of got a meaty flavor.
We used to cook it up.
You cook it up.
And you make it kind of a sauce.
I mean, you put it on pancakes.
Yeah.
I know.
I know.
It's very, very good.
You don't look at it.
Just taste it.
OK.
That's what I know that word.
That's what I always say.
OK.
Have a great day.
I think most guys know what that tricks all about.
Yeah.
Don't look at it.
Just.
Oh god.
26 past 10.
Just hold your nose.
Man.
Man.
Give me some good head.
But no head cheese.
Thank you.
Although, of course, some of our friends in the Hispanic community
can relate to the head cheese.
26 after 10.
I just got to say that.
Didn't I?
Oh, well, let's get over to give the time too much.
It's a good time killer.
OK.
QAM covers the South Florida golf
with their slow camera in Markwood,
Settles and 7-A-S.
The South Florida golf stars live on sports radio by 60.
Q-A-A.
It's Friday, you bastards.
Oh, my dad knocks me off.
Oh, right.
He makes me when he has me up.
I die when I was here.
When I was your baby, man.
Me, man.
I was killed by my daddy.
Yeah.
And what's up, man?
I died next to the old man.
I wasn't fit out to meet me.
It's not a needy up in the city.
I'm on the one who knows.
We beat the air.
We beat the laughterhouse.
And that's my head, and you know.
He's off the end.
Oh, so the power model.
So they're going to let him go.
Oh, my dad knocked me off.
He made me happy to get it up to Mama.
So he's the one who beat it.
You're living here in that city.
What?
I died in that city.
Oh, what?
I died in that city.
You know, it's interesting that Kennedy,
and if you find out there, but it's never too late
to tell somebody's action killer,
or at least accusing more crime.
So if the Ramzes are sitting back with a smug smile on their
pulse, I wouldn't get too content if I was them.
Follow my drift.
I don't even know if they're incompetent over there in Colorado.
1031 at 560, WQAM, 560, 705, 60,
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're talking Kiske talk today.
Bore's head, head cheese,
Richie from a Bore's head.
He's an asshole, et cetera.
Also in Newsweek, a class of symbols fighting over an old flag.
This is pretty interesting, which I'll get to in a second.
And it'll get all those Confederate flag squeezing assholes
bent out of shape again.
Because they don't have a leg to stand on.
History flies in your purse.
All confuses with the facts.
States rights.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I had a question.
Hello?
I'm listening, sir.
Yeah, the problem is every time when people call you a show,
you say these not as partial, but all the time you keep talking
about hockey.
Who's mentioned hockey here today, sir?
You did.
What is it?
You did in the past.
You all the time.
What about today?
What do you want to talk about, sir?
I just want to know why you don't have anything to say.
You have nothing to say.
See, it's the Neil Rogers show.
When Neil Rogers talks about what everybody really wants to talk about,
that's what's called the Neil Rogers show.
How do you like that?
And every time, every single time somebody calls with a comment like the one you just
made, it's the same thing.
When I ask them what they want to talk about, you know what their response always is?
They have absolutely nothing to say.
They're just looking to make a cheap shot.
That's all they're looking to do.
If you don't like what I talk about, sir, why don't you find some other guy damn
show to listen to, huh?
Why don't you find something really entertaining and exciting to listen to, like the
death march?
Get onto my face with your hand.
And by the way, what banana boat did you get off of?
Call him and come to this country and call the radio shows and tell us what we should
talk about.
I'll talk about whatever the frick I want to talk about.
You should mid-head.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hi, Alia.
Hello?
Hey, Neil?
Yes, sir.
All right.
Listen, I've been waiting five minutes and you've got other people.
You've talked other people before you talked to me.
But anyway, you've been waiting 13 minutes and 36 seconds.
See how time flies when you have a little time.
Well, you wanted somebody to call up about head cheese.
Yes?
I know you've had some calls.
Anyway, I grew up in Queens, New York, and kind of time.
People need your filthy head cheese, please.
I eat head cheese.
Right.
But not I have never had boars head.
I don't want boars head.
But in my, in my mean, so forth here, I feed in head cheese and I even enjoy it very
much.
Why is that?
But that doesn't mean anything that looks like that.
Oh, it's delicious.
I'll say.
And then you put it, for example, you put, have a piece of ripening to put it on
there.
But must it on top of it?
I need it.
But listen, I wish I could.
I know I was on a pop.
I wish I could.
I just want you to know.
It would look better.
You don't have to eat head cheese.
There's lots of other good things around.
Yeah.
Right.
So I just, I know you want people to call in about head cheese.
So I just feel like call and tell you about it.
That I enjoy it.
My family enjoys it.
I'm sure they do.
But not everybody enjoys it.
But I just want to let you know there are some good head cheeses out there.
Better you than me.
OK, thank you.
I bless you.
OK, we'll pray for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 6,500 open lines here this morning.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Pompano.
You say.
Can't hear you.
Can you hear me?
Yes, barely.
Oh, can you hear me now?
Yeah, I hear you talking in the phone.
It works.
Yeah, I am.
OK, listen, head cheese.
I think it's the worst looking thing you can imagine.
I have an absolute gorgeous wife.
It looks like she stepped out of old German and she eats this crap.
And I see her eating it.
How can she eat that?
You know what I think when I look at that?
Thinking of Boars, Head and Sighting it.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what it is.
Aeroble looking stuff.
Right.
George was telling me how they make it.
They take the pig's head and they put it in the pot and they chop off the snout and
the tongue.
Don't tell me.
I'm telling you.
That's one of those things you don't want to know.
That's terrible.
Although I will say this, hot dogs, they are always saying this the same thing and make
from all these.
Yeah, but at least they look good.
Yeah, that's true.
If you're going to put something in your mouth, they better look good.
OK, number two.
They better look appetizing in here.
Listen, I've been down here 23 years.
There's two institutions that have consistently maintained an incredible level of quality.
Yes.
You're one of them.
Right.
And the Rascal houses the other.
I know you hate the rats.
Oh, it's his.
I'm getting the chills.
I'm breaking out into a cold sweat.
I'm getting the DT.
But it's true.
The head cheese in a Rascal house.
Yeah, it's still just as barbaric as it was when I came here 24 years ago.
Oh, great.
OK.
OK.
Like I said to the other guy, better you than me.
OK.
And don't put the pickles.
Don't put the pickles in your wallet.
Yeah, it's kind of sloppy when you hold with the bags.
You know, they put the coastlaw into their shopping bag in their purse.
Hey, what difference does it make a little bit of hair in here and the toe jam five six seven oh five sixty boy.
God eight billion open lines here this morning.
These people are slower than God damn alliances.
Here my life is hanging in the goddamn balance.
My age, Polarie is negative.
Go through all of this crap.
They make you go through all these excruciating tests.
As far as I'm concerned, I want to result now.
Not after 55 doctors look at it and get around through this week time.
And like George was saying before the show this morning,
I'm going to pass it through the bureaucratic chain over there to make sure I sure nobody gets sued.
Because that's what they're all terrified of is getting the guy they now practice suit, especially in the hospital.
And then well, we'll fax into the next thing they don't want to tell you anything.
Now, how come when I was there and they brought that kid in for like, oh, it's a stat stat.
I don't know.
What does that stand for like emergency?
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, why can't they be made an emergency stat?
I got a stat, but I'll be right back with the in five minutes, which turned into 35 minutes.
As I'm laying there with my IV.
Look at that.
Look at the.
Oh, he looked like a.
That looks like head cheese on my vein there.
Look at grotesque.
And if they bring somebody with a stat and they do a cat, a stat scan.
I guarantee that they have that result immediately because otherwise they don't know what to do, right?
Because I know they will that poor kid up the ER.
I don't know what the other story was with it.
Or maybe they'd wheeled it up to watch ER.
Maybe that's what they said.
I don't know.
All that lingo they use in the hospital.
Oh, it's a cold blue.
And it's a stat now.
We're watching ER and there's Mark as well.
He's probably how he's doing.
He's dead.
And so will the patients because we're busy listening to me.
I would just like to resolve this.
Give me the information if it's good, if it's bad, if it's different, if you don't know, if you're a bozo, just tell us something.
I paid $4,040 for the goddamn.
The plus had to drink all that crap.
And drink a second cup of that swill with the apple juice in it.
And you know something.
It's a toss up between eating this head cheese and drinking that swill again with that apple juice.
I can't begin to tell you.
In fact, I think they might use some of those samples I sent over a couple of weeks ago to mix with that apple juice.
It tasted like Smith.
$5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're waiting on you, man.
It's going to be a long way to that.
I can see that.
I don't care.
I just don't care.
I'm waiting for my impact.
What I have to do.
We have to call a hospital on the air.
Tell them that they were on the air and put them on the spot.
I got four big gigantic tumors.
Okay, great.
I don't give a crap what it is.
I just would like to know.
You know what I'm saying?
I would just like somebody to reach in there and pull out whatever this is that's annoying me.
And go on with life or stick me in a box or something.
So you can have some closure.
Closure.
There you go.
Close the box.
Let's have some closure.
Let me have a nice nap in peace.
$2,220560 on the AT&T wireless line.
$5,6605 on the AT&T wireless line.
$5,6605 on the AT&T wireless line.
$5,6605 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Just sit right back in your here and tell a little dear little comedy stuff.
A laugh.
We were sheep who'd throw her a dropping out of South of Florida.
Yeah.
They ran from the things that you and man who conquered their island hope.
With freedom spikes or we'll see you with the rest had to take her up bones or build a
rap and float.
You've been taught to get it back quickly, gave it up.
I could give you a big debate of things that try and the Air Force didn't show up.
They float it into my empty hands when the politicians in place like they are peanuts and
swaps and you look at all you.
I'm a big fan of the world.
1044-560-WQM was just spoke to the doctor's my good friend, Gary over there with Dr. Dick.
Did they have any answers yet?
No.
See, maybe somebody who works like that lady, I don't want her to call me back but I'm sure we have other people who work like in hospitals.
How come it is, I think that's a legitimate question though, you think they bring somebody in on stat on an emergency and they do a CAT scan or any of the procedure.
They have the result immediately.
But if you or your insurance company is paying through the nose or through the rectum of the ass, all kinds of good luck for the test.
Wow, it takes 24 to 36 hours and when we get around to wouldn't pass it through the bureaucratic system and when we're confident you're not going to sue our ass for mild practice,
then we'll fax it to your doctor whenever he's in the mood then he'll give it to you.
Not acceptable, it's a bunch of balsmits.
Speaking of balsmits by the way, Newsweek Magazine says a clash of symbols fighting over an old flag.
Yeah, I know a lot of guys fight over old fangs, but anyway this is an old flag.
The fire Sherman starter when his corpse torts the South Carolina Capitol burn still, it says.
High atop the building which bears the scars of Union artillery flies the Confederate battle flag.
The NAACP which has launched an economic boycott in the business community want the colors taken down arguing the emblem is offensive and bad for the bottom line.
An army of laws cause sentimentalists is fighting back, claiming the flag is a symbol of Southern heritage, but the truth about the colors is more complicated than it's defenders led on.
Since Appomattox the battle flag was incorporated into state flags or flown at times of white resistance to black advances.
The standard was often raised not in memory of the war dead, but in aid of Jim Crow.
It started in Mississippi.
In the 1890s the state both legalized segregation and incorporated the battle emblem into the state flag.
In the 1890s that set 25 years after the end of the Civil War.
The battle colors then largely fell from public view until 1948 when the Dixie Crats broke with the Democratic Party.
Like Strom Thurman as the Supreme Court handed down its integration decisions in the 1950s the battle flags came out in force.
In 1962 South Carolina raised the colors to commemorate the centennial of the Civil War and they've stayed up ever since.
Will they come down?
It's up to the legislature but the battles draw some blood in the GOP presidential field.
John McCain has had a tricky time with the issue.
He's got tricky times with all the issues.
Signalling that the flag could be offensive then saying it was a symbol of heritage and finally settling on it was a symbol of sacrifice.
George W has avoided the front lines as usual arguing that the question of states' rights smart but letting states go their own way is still what started all of this in the first place.
Good points.
What started all of this in the first place?
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Lake Worth. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
John Lakeworth.
Yes John.
How are you doing?
I didn't get a chance to call in yesterday.
I wanted to make a couple comments.
You were looking for some answers to why the attendance at the Panther's games are so low.
And then the fact I got almost no calls about it should be a reflection. There's no interest.
No interest.
That too. You know what?
I was really shocked that after they had their Stanley Cup run and then they had those two abysmal years after that.
The attendance basically they still kept selling out because they rode the wave of emotion after that big fat running thing for a couple of years and they were...
Well I think it depends down here what have given it one.
I was completely shocked with all the bad trades and all the bonehead moves that Murray made.
And after the first year attendance would have dropped big time for the second year but it didn't happen.
So this year I think it's finally caught up with the people.
You had a woman yesterday who called up and she complained.
They've completely offended a lot of the season ticket holders because when they changed the reiners their seats were...
I mean for what you're paying it wasn't worth it.
So not only did they offend that and...
But the point you're missing is that they've got about 14,000 season tickets or something like that.
And you go to a lot of these games like the Game of the Night Against Washington and maybe 10 or 11,000 people.
So even the people who have already paid for the seats are not showing it. That's what I don't get.
Let me ask you a question. How many unsold season tickets are there for this year?
About 5,500.
That season tickets.
Right.
Okay. Well those are probably all the people that got offended or they didn't want to pay the increase.
But you know what you're seeing more and more is...
Well wait a minute. They didn't have them also about last year.
I mean they had I think close to 17,000, 16,000, five or something like that.
So maybe they were down two or three thousand from last year.
Okay.
Basically what you're seeing also is...
As far as concerts go like I know the Bee Gees, your favorite band played the car rental center.
A lot of these performers and athletes alike, sports teams, they're charging an exorbitant amount of dollars to go and see them perform.
I mean you had several concerts over the New Year's Eve, this Millennium New Year's Eve, that had to cancel.
I understand that.
And that's because...
What does that... What does that have to do with the sporting event?
Well I think finally everybody is just saying look enough is enough. We're not going to pay these.
Okay. Well I just won't forget up any more then.
All right.
I won't because I'm just tired of banging my head against the wall.
I do my best to get people on the wall.
No but you know what it is man.
It's very deflating when something is exciting and you enjoy it and you go out there and you feel like you're going to go to the side.
I've played at the small dish because of you.
Yeah. I said it home.
Well this is a deadhead town anyway.
You know. They wouldn't know anything exciting if a bit of money lived.
No that's true.
Okay so great weekend.
Hang in there YouTube.
Okay we got 400 open lines. They're really hard to get today.
I don't care what Liz Wild says.
Okay you can sit there with your point three share honey on your Make Believe radio station and Haka Chinacoil you want.
This town is almost impossible.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
8777856345 on our worldwide free toll free line there for everybody in the universe to use.
And we pay for it.
Which is really unusual.
That would be like a rumor buying you dinner.
8777856345.
Nothing suits their fancy these days.
Man it's been a yeah it's been an okay week but boy it's been a real grind.
We're grinding it.
Here's Miami. Hello.
And what is that?
Why did that just turn black?
Oh no.
Please please tell me this isn't happening to me again.
Please.
I'm actually turned to religion right here on the radio.
You heard me reset the thing this morning with me.
I'm not only that we just got just got you talking to somebody.
How the hell can that happen?
How can that line come up black?
Somebody's using it in one of the other rooms there.
Well why don't you go take a look and see if some asshole is using it in the other room.
How that line can be black and tell bluff on the way out there.
He's an asshole while you're at it.
Okay. Hey bluff.
He's an asshole.
This is just unacceptable.
Don't you people understand we're in a separate studio here with a phone system that doesn't work.
And the head cheese the big hot show that yeah yeah the head cheese that's right.
And he looks like one.
Is there somebody using it?
Look at that.
So how is that possible?
Let me put it on hold again and punch it up again.
See it's black.
Paint it black.
How about four?
Look at that four line in you.
It's elsewhere.
The whole phone system is screwed up now.
How do you like that boys and girls?
The whole goddamn phone system is screwed up again.
Try it differently.
Try a different one.
Four and five were all screwed up.
Eight is on it with like a blank green line.
That's just normal.
Hey.
Yeah.
I just made it come back.
How is this possible?
Hold on.
Wait a minute.
I made it come back.
But listen to what it's doing.
Oh no.
I have to hear something.
I'm doing the spots through this line.
I'm going to do the hoarseness of the show through this line.
I don't care.
If that's what it takes to get these cheese pastries off there.
Why don't we have to wait till February 4th?
You know what this is like?
It's like if the doctor said we're going to do open heart surgery and you said,
when I went about two years, you know, it's an emergency.
We're going to do open heart surgery.
But we'll get around to it in three or four years.
That's the same with this goddamn phone system.
Greg, wait a minute.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Man.
I just, for the life of me, I can't imagine.
Other than the money, of course.
That must be the only reason, you know.
That I haven't just got up and walked out of this place so far.
We've been pretty damn close to a year in this studio up here on the turd floor,
underlined the turd part.
And it's a piece of schmeth.
It's craft.
Oh, Mark, you're done and you're killed or...
...of February 14th.
Why?
Today is only the 20th of January.
And that was like days ago when he told me that.
And I'll tell you why, because these people can't get any guide damn credit to do anything.
They're figuring by February 14th, maybe that other thing that we can't talk about will go through.
And they'll swoon some money out of some unsuspecting and suckers out there.
That must be it.
And by the way, is that construction project done up here on the turd floor?
No.
No.
We're getting to know those guys real well, by the way, are good buddies from Scotty Mack,
because every morning they're coming up the elevator.
They're here with their little lunch payer.
They're all over the place.
Good guys.
They're doing their best.
One ceiling tile at a time.
This place is the most scandal-ridden, unbelievable joint I have ever even heard of in my life.
Even the Godfather being embarrassed by this place.
Even Mayor Penga Piccania would be outshown by this place, out embarrassed.
And we just continue rolling along.
And here's all, get the spots in, get all the spots on, you know.
They just screwed over the sales department again for the young team time, raising the budgets under four people.
And of course, they lowered the budgets on the sports on the ball games, because they realized that they can't sell that stuff for lover money, except the dolphin.
The Marlins, for example, the Panthers, they can't sell it for their lives.
So they raised the budgets on E-shows, and the poor sales masters, they had a lower their commission.
So now they got to sell half a gun or twice as much to make the same money they were making before if they ever get it.
If they don't make that, they would improve budget.
Yeah, right.
If they don't make the new and improve them, the unrealistic.
I mean, how could they, how could they squeeze any more money out of the worst team initial and handshield?
How could they, unless we're going to be doing all spots radio, is that possible?
Uh-huh.
Probably.
So if you enjoyed the little respite from the eight billion spots just over the holidays here, don't hold your breath for that to go on.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you talking about head cheese and when I was a kid, my mother used to cut it up and present beans and Frank.
Oh, you just eat it that way. Why?
And then she'd melted and put it on the liver and I'd feed it to the dog.
I mean, the dog wouldn't eat it.
Oh, I don't blame him.
I got news for him.
My dogs would run.
If I took this thing home, they would run and hide under the god damn sofa.
I want to put my kids to that never.
Yeah.
About the phone system, how many times do you have to flush it before it goes away?
Exactly.
It's the same.
You can get up on a roof there and yell and maybe we'll hear you and I'll just yell back.
I'll get a megaphone.
Okay, pal.
Yeah.
It just gets to the point where where is your ass out?
That's what it does, Greg.
And bluffing all you other losers in this doing it.
It just wears your ass out.
We can't do a goddamn show in here.
Because half of the time, more than half 60% at least of the time, it's a polished myth.
A phone, even Alexander Graham Bell will be embarrassed by coming in here looking around St. Jesus Christ.
This is the best you can do.
All you big shots over there in Naples, all you big shooters.
Yeah, they ought to be shot in a leg at least.
And that was something special.
That was something like, as in we got a shot, we could be special.
That was something really special and new and different.
Plus the beeping is still going on the side.
Is this place a circus or what?
Yes.
Oh man.
We got a facts machine here back here that won't stop beeping the papers in there.
The fact is they're coming out.
The ink is okay.
Everything is fine.
But it just decided to start beeping all over the guy in the end place.
I think I'm going to take the phone off.
I'm just going to hear the intercom stuff too.
Greg, we need your 30, 40 to Greg.
Yeah, let's get the watermaps here on here.
See how, see that pleasant voice on there.
So they give a little better idea of the ambiance of this joint.
Man.
Like I said, put me in the hospital for about a month and just give me out of here.
Just keep the checks coming.
Send them direct deposit.
1056 at 560 WQA.
Every way M.
Drops the green flag with Motorsport Saturday.
Saturday morning at 6 with Chocostello.
Right here on Sports Radio 560.
QA M.
WQA M.
My name is Food Carter Tail.
Give me a Danny.
Give me a streaming show.
Give me a Danny.
Give me a Danny.
Give me a Danny.
Give me a Danny.
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny.
Give me Danny.
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
Give me a Danny!
And it's my understanding
that one of you fellas said...
J.N.y.
D.M.E!
Was it Joe through the proximity-in-this-hen-rooms?
said Jimmy don't know what's a Danny and Danny
it was we need voice over here man but that's wrong
Jimmy and Danny
no Jimmy and Danny
no
you gotta say
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Danny and Jimmy
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny
Wanna have a soul home with you
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny
Hi everybody, Comdown, what we're gonna do now is we're going to set out a program director on fire and offer him up a sacrifice for God of sports.
Comdown, gonna be our leader for the family.
Oh Jimmy.
Oh Jimmy.
Oh Jimmy.
Bring back the thank you to the sports radio.
Oh Jimmy.
Oh Jimmy.
Get that castellal kid in here.
Get the bitches andADA to sweep up the ashes waiting for us.
Thinkin' you can, your son.
You've got to do it Jimmy and Danny.
Uh Jimmy and Danny.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
I'm a genius.
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny
Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny characteristic Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny-JewA個
I just heard that it's okay you can get medical marijuana for IBS.
Yeah, that's why I just said Fred Grimm's got a great comedy which I'm going to get into
a little while outstanding.
What are your best ever Fred nice going here in the Heraldola?
I'm surprised they printed it.
What's the sneak by?
Here's North and it's still dead get on the year.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Miami shores.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir.
I just want to tell you about the past there's where I don't know what that guy was thinking
but we got the best team we've had in the long time.
This is the best team they've ever had.
There's no there's no contest.
This is the best team they ever had.
I think we got it.
The year that they went to this really kind of final they didn't have a great team
now.
They just got hot at the right time and had good chemistry but they didn't have a great
team.
That's right.
And it's your chance for me.
I think we got a real shot.
We got a shot.
Yeah.
I think you're right.
I think they could go all the way.
We got this with you.
I got a good chanley line for you about the pigs the cops on one 19th.
I thought they can I smell grease I smell metridid police.
All right.
By the way how does that hooker ring coming down there?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on here we don't know the names because we're stupid you know
we can't learn like a Yaroslav spy check we don't know that language we know who
those people are and yeah.
What a shmuck that guy was and you'll you watch and see if they make it through the
first round of the playoffs which they probably will start getting you know toward another
Stanley Cup run then you'll start seeing all these people come out of the water work
we love you Pat and the banners are come out again like I said yesterday all the front
running phone is which is the specialty of this time it's the specialty do you're of
this town being a front running phony.
Well our team sucks who can we move for now Neil.
Here's already beach hello.
Hi Neil how are you okay.
Hey I took in the Panther game on Monday Martin Luther King day had a good time so I'll
beat the flyers right now they were without Lindros but it's still good.
It's okay still counts big game it was an entertaining game I'll try to get down there
as often as I can.
Good.
What are these amazing thing called programs which if you know the names of all the players
you buy a program for a couple of bucks and there's everything in there you need to
know great concept right what I wanted to touch on this case involving the FBI agent
who's going the wrong way on the state 95.
I want that ought to be a Friday electorate you're right exactly I mean it looks pretty
obvious that he was that fall he was drunk as hell right ran right into him he blew up
a point seven yeah point one seven point like I said he blew a point ninety nine okay same
thing I don't know I'm just kind of disturbed about stuff that worst case scenario let's say
this case gets boxed up yeah and he's cleared right it better not we're going to have one
hell of a riot down here similar to the Rodney King thing no no we're not you don't think
no you don't think it would turn into something I hope not I mean I would hope we don't need
any more riots but I don't know it's just something that I thought of as I was reading
the article in the paper you know somehow this guy gets off and it's not going to be a
good place to be around no I don't think so.
You know have a great week and back to you let's not hope for the worst okay let's
cross our fingers and hope for the best even though it's unlikely to happen five six seven
oh five sixty are we getting anybody with IBS any information about that we are
oh information oh off the air you didn't want information did you well people calling
up on you know a couple of them are on hold saying why I got it to and and to hold on
and talk to you here's a mobile and your field beach hello yeah me oh listen to that
line four again how you doing okay I have wonderful IBS for eight and a half years really yeah
I'll tell you my opinion on a man is his body telling you that what you're eating fresh
right that's how I boil down to is primarily I'm sticking with a lot of the green vegetables
salad yeah does that help and I'll tell you something that's better than anything it's
a health store I've never drank this stuff it's kind of called green floss or kind of a like 30
or 40 one doctor has over 30 or 40 green plants or brought out because your phone is
crap out here yeah it's all green magna that's it green one green magna magna yeah okay I'm
going to get a magnum up it right now I'm sorry I had to go but our fear the our phone is screwed up
definitely in fact you just we're just watch line four you'll see listen listen to that listen to
that hum job on line four our phone is totally screwed up again you know I'm getting really it's
getting really stale and old Monday I'm bringing in a goddamn hammer and sickle in a hatchet
and OG is going to come here and just slice that phone to bits maybe a Roy can bring him in
five six seven oh five sixty pound five so what do you say drink green uh
among is that what he said green pea green pea soup or just he said go take a green pea I think
is what he's worth court then you can have a bunch more tests here's Pemberer Pines hello
hey me what's your take on Michael Jordan and uh I don't I don't have no take okay what's your take
take a good crap okay pal what's your take call one of the dumb sports shows they'll give you a take
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line is a mobile or West Palm Beach hello
hey new good morning I'm sorry okay I was diagnosed with diverticulitis about 50 years ago
yes and along with that comes the irritable bowel syndrome do you know whether you have diverticulitis
no I don't have them my mother has that as a matter of fact okay uh I found the irritable bowel and the
diverticulitis that the diet to me didn't make a heck of a lot of difference yeah well once I
accept I do eat there's still a lot of refuge yeah back and the other thing is uh with me it's
nerves and stress stress I think the stress I think the stress from this place is putting me
over the age I think I need a couple of months off you're right that's what it is stuff it's
stuff it gets your customer you know when I was out in Vegas I felt pretty damn good I was having a good
time I was busy I was it was very stressful because you're running around gambling but I didn't have
that much of the stuff going on and by the time I got back I felt great and I come in here for a few
days and I went right back where I was again I'm dial over here right what I found through the years
is that the for me volume works to prevent no I'll pass on that well hang on a sec yeah for 30 years
they describe volume for a lot of stuff you know I'm not the pill pusher I'm not doing volume well okay
it just helped me tremendously I don't take it all the time right when I'm stressed I'll take
half a tablet for maybe a couple days right and boy it just does wonders so with what do we find
the good luck this boy it's it for 50 years I've suffered from it for how long I'm 71 years old
now 50 50 oh my god but for a long years it just doesn't bother me at all so there is some hope
okay don't get pissed off I'll let a few years okay thanks a lot pal hey one more yes sir
uh what are your customers one of your customers yeah a couple calls ago said about us old guys
that never smile well man I smile and laugh and joke a lot I see a lot of young people that they
don't even like my humor so they'll post both ways exactly have a great win or a
big deal oh yeah how many times are I said that even the young people down here most of them are
starpies because when you move here it puts the lotion in the basket 20 till noon at 5.60 QAM
this is 5.60 QAM after hockey dolphins football Marlon's baseball and now the Miami Hurricanes too
sports radio 5.60 QAM I think I like my vibe
another football player
is playing football to keep your ground you got a tag in your mind and he lost his mind
it's through the memory of the ball in ground will they give him another good
he has a good sense of purpose for the football team you say all is well or he'll go to hell
it's all up to technically up the roof
I hit the back and I think I will end up around so we can bend for the whole of ground
the unit NFL job
since you never hear the channel say a lot you got this every sports radio
there's a band of criminals they should have liked
now if you can catch the ball or look with the balls and race the murder
they're all right as long as they can just the creature
it's still out some days game
well who cares who gets ready to office there making money and the land is like you do the way
he'd be dying for a day or land on ground
the world of death for the armed ground
the unit NFL job
here's the caliber here the jail cell line
here's the unit NFL job
the unit NFL here the jail cell line
1145 at 560 WQM we got a hanky in the studio again here today we got the boaster
67 we got the panthers at Atlanta against the girls team pregame at 7 game time 730
8K after the game tonight here is one of the great columns in the history of the human race by Fred
Grimm in this morning's hero he says it doesn't get any crazier than this here is the epitome here's
the top or here's the uh what it was all about in Dave County he says the real target must have
been Ricky Martin the purported object of our rejection of the first ever Latin Grammys was
to bellcaster but that's beyond logic even the most perfect Cuban exile wouldn't inflict a
35 million dollar loss on top Florida for such empty symbolism and had to be something beyond
self-destructive anti-castral fanaticism and must have been some visceral reaction to yet another
chorus of Martin's incessant La Vida Loka La Pinga Loka chasing the Latin Grammy Awards to Los
Angeles has certainly ensured that Martin and other Latin stars will be in California for the big
Gala weekend taking all that glamour all that money and all that free international TV exposure with
them the injury inflicted on Fidel Castro meanwhile seems subtle it didn't mean a thing to Fidel
insisted fat Nikki Grossman the president of the great uh for Lauderdale visitor and the convention
anyway Grossman was more openly perturbed than Castro she insisted Thursday that
Broward County had all but salvaged the word ceremony that Miami-Dade had rejected that a big party
was set for the Broward Convention Center and the word ceremony was headed to the Yentha Center
while the final party was going to Miami Beach all set we were there Grossman said except Miami
Dade Mayor Alex Pinga Pakenia and others refused even a lot of cooperation. Miami-Dade County
which is the cliche goes conducted its own foreign policy I wonder where he heard that Fred
and he loved this show. Minds of County ordinance which forbids County business with any Cuban
entity the extrapolation and work here was that the Latin Grammys include the possibility that
a Cuban artist might be among the honored. Oi everyone almost everyone agrees that the Latin
Grammys belong in South Florida particularly Miami Beach the capital of Latin recording industry
originally the Grammys wanted the new American Airlines arena with its dramatic waterside
vis-a-visters but the County next that Grossman and Miami Beach Mayor Niesen Kazden still thought they
could put it off by putting the big event in Broward which observes a less obtrusive foreign policy
it was ours to lose Kazden said we were the front runner but not a word of assurance or cooperation
came out of Dade County then came the alien protest the blocked roadways presented a specter of
bad expectations for the Latin Academy of Arts and Sciences nobody wants to buy that kind of
trouble said Grossman who saw six months of work banished in the street protests. When the
announcement came Wednesday LA by default just imagine LA is the nicer place. Grammy executive is
hardly disguised as scuttle Miami's in here with both sitting here with both what was that
line eight is pressed did you hit it with your elbow maybe I must have big elbows how do I have
done that I can turn it on from in here yeah now it's just spontaneously uh now the phone is going
on by itself I'm sitting here with this thing in my hand in the article two not anywhere
near the goddamn phone and all of a sudden uh left here that one more time come on for the way
look at all of them don't leave it like that that was that was beautiful get that meter all the way
up to a hundred anyway this was a pretty good article I was reading till I got interrupted by a
goddamn line that popped on by itself it says when the announcement came Wednesday LA by default
Grammy executive is hardly disguised as scuttle Miami's in temperate politics they didn't
find the usual gushy stuff about the difficulty of their decision instead Michael Green president
of the Academy talked of how soft Florida was held hostage by the ex-all community and we heard
that before uh that it's much more important to keep the politics of hatred and division flourishing
because it's big business um through the associated press uh and uh odds and see you're a
France press what are all agents France for whatever the hell is some other thing both
ran stories that mentioned Los Angeles as the winner but led with Miami soft destructive
obstancy both wire services overlooked the only angle that made much sense the Ricky Martin
angle must have been Ricky done better than yeah so how do you like that one more example of how
you crazy so-called exiles you crazy inconsudent route obnoxious disgusting asshole
continue punishing the entire community for your hysteria and we're sick and tired of it
all of the sick and tiredness we are this guy the info that don't work here's four Myers hello
all right now how you doing okay sir this is tearing four Myers and I'm pissed about all this
crap about this little refugee the people in this state in this country ought to wake up and
take a look around and at our own problems and the media keeps playing this up and playing this
up why aren't they doing stories about the homeless children in this country in the state of our
education system right kids getting shot in schools right everybody cares about it anymore it just
makes me want to puke right they ought to they ought to uh neuter and and castrate half the
people of child barren age in this country amen forced derelization now you're talking since
past these people have children and they know what children as soon as they have them the mother's
back into their work so they can drive a nice car yeah you know they don't care about their kids
back out there with their uh night job that's right you know when I got a nine year old son when
he was born before he was born we decided my life with quitter job which was a good job and we
you know we drive a we drive an old car for a while and live in a crappy uh place you know but you
know what we raised our own son and he's a good kid now he talked to these people uh that work
all the time and they say oh my kid is such a problem well you know raise your own damn kids could
let them strangers do it in a day care center yeah amen you know it just it just makes me sick you
i'll pay for a spell yeah we need it have a great weekend here's a guy to make some
sensual with air and for my ears five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
somebody faxes me this about ibs it's about time somebody came up with some information god damn it
all the usually the information we get is uh vultimate it says here's your prescription for change
if you have irritable bowel syndrome or one of the other functions gastrointestinal disorders
the functional whatever or suspect that you might then this book is for you oh i see it's a book
it's called irritable bowel a bowel system and uh the mind body
brain gut connection by William B. Salt MD is he worth a salt?
uh good it's an irritable bowel syndrome is a major public health topic and we see
much media attention in newspapers magazines radio and tv and i got in the erudio tuna
many people recognize the acronym ibs in terms like spastic colon spastic colitis mucus colitis
and nervous stomach absolutely correct sir sorry you'll be hearing more and more about this
common and troublesome condition as well as other functional GI disorders how do you like that
this means that after performing blood tests taking x-rays and examining the digestive track with
endoscopes doctors can't find a cause you hear in this does this sound awfully familiar
after all these god damn expensive tests it says there are 25 of these disorders and many people
have more than one symptoms can come from your ear all parts of the GI track
just find yourself a good GI and stay home this weekend all right just don't ask and don't
do five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's my any hello
deal yes sir i do i want to check on ibs so i'm i've had it for about three years
three years boy i mean you can do i'm on something called levedit i don't know if you do
yeah that's what my doctor gave me i got some of that at home he said pop that under your tongue
and you'll feel out there i mean basically what it comes down to is when your body is not
processing fast enough or doing it too fast as my doctor explained and that's what causes the
pain in the lower abdomen and what so how would you shouldn't be eating fats
that and stay like i stay away from a lot of grains and nuts you said that'll um
yeah no it's not well drive him nuts i'm not gonna send you in the way that's what i discovered
but definitely a lot better than getting from you know cancer or something like that
well listen i'm ecstatic i mean this is something that at least that you can live with and you
can improve and do something to report but you know pack your attic cancer or one of those
goodies it's like goodbye bye no absolutely i mean this is something i think it's never going to go
away but you can control it you know with prescription well how are you doing you uh
now i'm doing a hundred percent better i mean i don't i'm off the drugs and i've had very little
flare-ups since that okay so in other words the diet is what did it for you definitely to
diet in i think a levedit help out quite a bit it's great excellent thanks a lot pal appreciate
well we have a great weekend you too there we go there's a guy that sounded like he knew what he was
talking about because you know why because he knew what he was talking about because he's had it he's
done it and he's on it and he's uh doing it as opposed to these people that call and just feed
uh just talk here to sound of their own voice that don't know they're asked from your elbow
five six seven so diet no more crap no more crap no more that red sauce no more those fatty meats no
more those sausages just imagine all the stuff we've been eating in here for the last month after
month after month after month because everybody thinks this is a nellie's a nellie the cook in here
kneels diner yeah just just stop and think about it how that's contributed to my aching of
uh public right now plus of course this to rest from this guy damn place and a phone
system that way worth a price of beans not worth the price of head cheese five six seven i got a
great new diet for you by the way just keep one of these big abor's head cheese in front of your
all day you'll never want to eat again you'll be running through the bowl all day long you
have as much as that as you want no now i'm not talking about eating it just looking at it that's
the diet take away your appetite for months on end here's a mobile in Miami hello meal yes sir how you
doing great i don't think it's an eating problem yeah an anal sex that gives you okay great
alpacel pal you straight guys are all the ones that know about anal sex we've already been through
that okay asshole i'm sorry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two
wireless line when in doubt when desperate always fall back on that so to speak always fall back
on the home of full but crap doesn't work pal not interested five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line eleven fifty six and q a m this is five sixty
q a m the Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixty q a and four
and
this is Debbie hi Debbie i'm interested in getting some operations done okay and some body
contouring and some liposuction mm-hmm there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and
lip augmentation cosmetic press surgery face gift for all of these things
and just wondering what you like to start with well i need to get everything done probably the
first thing i'd like to have removed is my my thing okay we don't do that no could you do breast
implants though uh i can't be done the day of the day would be right away the lotion in the basket
how much uh five thousand excellent i'd like to have my stint resurface too
laser surgery have the lambs stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby
it puts the lotion in the basket i'd like to get the liposuction that i saw on tv okay can you make
me look more like a woman well i'll have to see you first and then i'm looking at you we can tell
you that when we see you should i wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy uh if you'd like to
it puts the lotion in the basket what you like to make an appointment yes okay um there is a
hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine okay okay um my name is buffalo bill okay let me give
you a little information from you okay it's much the lotion in the basket i understand
it puts the lotion in the basket do you want to come in for a consultation
it puts the lotion in the basket okay do you want to call me back or what's the lotion in the basket
i understand i got my skin suit and it looks like
bill it puts the lotion in the basket i understand that what you like it puts the
lotion in the basket what you like to make an appointment it puts the lotion in the basket
okay i will talk to you in the time okay it puts the lotion in the basket hello
well i'm all i'm all cured now i got two of what we get a bunch of crap in the mail today or what
a whole bunch of crap all we did the one good thing and that is our friend and hollywood
of kong yesterday came through on his word man of his word sending my VIP line pass for the mgm
grand i bless you sir thank you so much and if i win anything i'll send you a thank you card no money
of course but anyway i don't need any money because doris schmachthen burger of bill rabie sends me
out one but two envelopes here and in each of them she starts out with a small one here the saint
dymphna thing i guess she's the saint of healing or something like that saint dimpa strengthen us
prayer and honor of saint dimpa and here's her story and this is for healing the sick and the
stressful and upset in the tense and i hear the big one and there's joskey on here oh man there's
joskey rub it on your ailment prayer to the sacred heart of jesus for courage and healing
most sacred heart of jesus i come to you in my need keep me close to you and accept the pain
and suffering i offer you today what do you say no a unite with your own offer i unite it with
your own offering to the father what do you say jesus no give me strength and see you need
of the good health if it is your will is it your good will no above all grand how about let's go
shopping at goodwill that's okay above all grand me all of you always the grace to trust in your
promise of love hard of jesus watch over my loved ones especially those who are in your compassion
uh man no yes there you go saint dimpa i got i got it lick now man yeah yeah i'm just look at it
yeah no it said that on the on the thing you take one look at that card and just lick them yeah and it
works like magic nice going doors smocked in burger and del Rey beach and the sick
high while you're at it by the way sweet heart i know you were just following orders five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and pomp it will be
chill out hey man i'll be feeling better yeah i'm feeling it yeah i'm feeling it i'm tired of the
jacksonville community down here and we just want to say we're going right way yeah five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three
forty five on the out of town line which i'm sure you can do better than that sound a little bit
like uh for well on the radio with the bed the cold here's mobile and four-letter day hello
how you doing the okay sir uh just left four-letter airport and ran into mr. oj back in town
and uh question for you um i'm uh confident of the police officer and can jenny came in and basically
turned the city over to uh brower county sheriff the only problem is he's come in and circumvented
his own policies i know in other cities the city manager basically is the boss of the police
chief the problem we're having now is the city manager has no power over an elected official
as in ken jenny yeah and our only problem now we're having is even though he's circumventing his
policies in correction of what he offered when he took over the city uh basically um we're having
a problem and in the next two weeks uh you'll be hearing quite a bit about this uh the city voted
residents voted the police officers both counted a tenth of a percent so it basically we had no
say in it i just wanted to let you know uh ken jenny's added again and when it does booted
that's out there that's my best to suggest to you when it does pick them up there you go good luck
pal hanging all right now okay anybody know what he just said no but we're on his side five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t wireless line we got everything from head
cheese the irritable ball syndrome going today man and Cecil and uh alien in between and a great
column by Fred grim that's so that was an outstanding column although it's very depressing but we
know it's true but to actually come out there and say it it sounded like i wrote it to be honest
with it sounded just like it came from this show you think came from this show probably talk about
ripping people off but that's okay well done Fred about ten times a year at least Fred grim
right out grim whatever his name is right to good column here's my me beat chill out
hello yes sir yes i am i have a spirit board this morning i'll just in three fronts power
on here we already know we don't care five six seven oh and this is this is all they got today they
want to talk as usual this is why the phone calls generally suck because i'm trying to do a show
here the new Roger show i'm talking about the things that have to do with what's going on this is
the eighty fifth call we already had with some stupid spy report or what some jack ball said on the
year about dealers just in the other side i don't i don't care i'm not interested i'm not the least
but interested doesn't impact my life the show my paycheck the the more the moon is in your
rain is the where the stars are aligning it has nothing with anything grow up sir grow the f up i
don't care not interested here's a lady in my me beat chill out hi me yes ma'am raid the ibs my sister
had us for two years yeah nothing helps she took the Chinese herbs i wrote to the center for
disease control in Atlanta yeah and they sent me like a two inch packet of information on it
nothing helps she had to test that mountain side night she went to the psychiatrist he gave her
paxle she was cured he gave her what he did later paxle pa xil a drug a truck oh that's right
he's some good drugs nils it went away huh it went away what's it all what is it supposed to do
it's it well it was supposed to be an anti-depressant i see we were going in circles treating irritable
bowel syndrome right and maybe a messy press related yeah stress it's stress it's the stress of qi
m that's what it is it's a killer i mean we cut out the nuts we cut out the that's no i don't want
to cut out the nuts yeah she has price and nil nothing worked until she took paxle okay all right
i'll i'll acquire thank you bye bye i'm taking some good drugs god damn it right now
let's get those god damn two nils in here that's for good starter five six seven oh five sixty
this place will drive it in drugs i'll tell you that this is no joke no joke can matter i say it
sounds like a real good lawsuit to me grab it's a lawsuit oh that day was really special that day
i'll never forgive that one as long as i live people call up the newspapers and then
you know i'm trying to get a hold of the boss who isn't me turning my phone calls has to call his
lawyer to see if he can speak to me from his home that night that's the kind of great relationship
we have here at w du a m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t lines
the sports leader sports radio five sixty q a f speaking of the dolphins our day Joseph talked
to gentle green in theaters now it's the totally new star wars Yoda get taught on r2d2
r2d2 you make me feel good
r2d2 i was just wondering you already see me right you're a dude
Yoda breaks up with r2d2 showing now no robots were injured during the filming of this movie
i'm not a fife
i don't know in the theater they use
about 13 at five sixty w q m i've got it god damn it
yeah who is the one that arian i guess send me a fact me all the stuff from the internet
and every now and then there's some good stuff on it and other than the stupid rumors they keep
spreading but here it is about the this book irritable ball syndrome and i found a page out of
the eighty five pages that arian set the mind body connection the irritable body and
somatization which even a intellectual like george never heard that word before somatize i
thought that's what they do to your suits huh do you ever take your like a suit to three day
somatizing three hour whatever it is anyway it says just as the GI tract is usually sensitive
and irritable many people with irritable mouse syndrome and other functional g i disorder seem to
have a sensitive irritable body or what doctors call somatization as in ibs another functional
g i disorders these symptoms are associated with normal test results and cannot be explained by any
specific disease process disturbances in the mind body slash brain gut connection to comfort
much of the trouble and it's got a chart here and this chart is me oh god this time looking at my
uh myself and it into pretty picture painful and this got a list of all the uh symptoms of somatization
in the irritable body painful tender muscles yes tmj pain in the jaw yes pain in the ass rectum
shortness of breath yes pelvic pain yes is he missed yes test pain no no thank a painful menstrual
period yes i've been no bad feeling faint yes abdominal pain yes yes yes decrease sex drive no oh
headache yes difficult accounts to pay a concentrated yes back pain yes how do you like that
that's me that chart uh all at an 80 90 percent of them including the menstrual problems i'm having
all of those how do you like that that's me right there in a nutshell god bless you baby and i'm
going to go out this time i'm going to buy a whole bunch of books and ibs and sit there and read
them and eat my god damn yogurt and just sit there and unlock myself away and do a little uh get the
guru to come in over the weekend maharishi whatever his name was here's a lady in Miami hello
hey you know how are you today much better um i'm calling because i was diagnosed with irritable
like 17 years ago oh my god and the what you know at the doctor told me to take
metamusel oh no and trust me it worked but last year i got something some kind of stomach
thing that sounds more like what you've got this year yeah and i because i'd had cancer i didn't
want to go to doctor these are and go through the whole new ordeal you just went through i was
called to last week about this i tried every over the counter thing nothing was working i tried the
metamusel it worked within three days i was fine yeah so i mean before you let them put you on
some kind of prescription i'd at least try it okay and then you know because my doctor didn't
believe in all the prescription and stuff and he said you know this is what you've got but what i
had last year was much three times what that was and it sounds like because you've had it for like
the four weeks and i had it for like six before i finally you know took the metamusel and it worked so
well if you're going to be staying home on a weekend no problem well that was the thing with mine is
that i couldn't go anywhere anyway because if you ate you needed to be within two steps of somewhere
to go right right and things and so it was worth a shot next but i was getting ready to go on the
trip and decided i've got to try and do something or else we're not going to make it where we're going
so okay thanks we are i'm going to get some immediately not sooner okay have a good day you two
thanks how do you like that i think i got a shot what you said something like that and that's true
but now look at of course i think was when i knew we were on vacation but when you came back i still
had like some of that stuff right have lunch and i'd be running out there like immediately not
sooner remember those days yes like that one time four times during one show i was running
and running and running and eating and running and running and eating and smitting wow yeah that's
that five six seven oh five sixty we got seven thousand did this also can add to my stress
the fact we got seven thousand open lines on here this damn recalcitrant audience five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's hi lia hello Michael Jordan
by the way yeah by this here's naples hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir i'm calling about your
ibs yes i have one question to ask you do you are are you back using caffeine at all
no not at all no okay because i had ibs for a while and that's what i was doing i was
consuming a lot of caffeine yeah that that's a killer right because during the time during the
four weeks i've had this thing anytime i drink like sodas with caffeine diet so did it just
really gets it turns it up again yeah exactly i found it's a combination of three things
uh for me it was the caffeine or or the artificial stimulants um-hmm then as a lady a couple calls
ago said the fiber yeah i have got to keep things moving keep it moving bottom line and then move it
out okay whatever you you yourself do to truly relax to get into that state of relaxation yeah
you need to increase that you know the bottom line is your body is working too hard either artificially
or being stimulated by outside environmental things and it needs to relax i think it's this place
uh i think this month's out of here i'd come back like a brand new yeah well we miss you too much
yeah sure okay thank you wait wait i got one more thing i'd like to ask your audience to go back to
yesterday's uh subject of the Confederate flag yeah and i'd like to ask all those black guys sitting
around doing nothing we've got opinions about everything else in the world to call into your show
and let's hear them you know what i'm saying no i'm left here i'm what what does that mean let's hear
their opinions about the Confederate flag got all white colors yeah yeah i mean who cares what white
people think i want to hear some black people okay well we got plenty of uh all right farces
out okay thank you on your sparses out there let's get on a horn how do you be liking that
Confederate flag does it make your blood ball when you see it when you be seeing that thing on
those pickup trucks that's a good point five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line and of course our other timeline our world famous toll free line is eight seven seven
seven eight five sixty three forty five see i feel just that much better no one exactly what
this all is because a lot of the stresses when you go to these doctors they can they they
look at you and you spend a lot of money they go they're taking stool samples and urine samples
in your p and then shmitting and doing all these things then they're a look at in one end
and back to them all over the place which i which i like told you're done very glad i did all
of this stuff because i found out all of the you know all that stuff is great what
here's the mobile in Miami hello good afternoon you yes sir um the only reason i'm calling
uh do you drink tap water no never would never consider it would never dream of it okay because that's
what happened we had to change our water system in our house yeah my whole family was sick
from the stomach and we took a water sample and it was very very bad oh yeah the water in the water
by me is swill i would never drink it and you know just the one thing like crypto spiritium which comes
in the water which can kill somebody you know people don't realize how serious uh you know this
bacteria this in the water let me ask you this question though because i give my dogs tap water
because even though i make a few bucks i'm not going to get my dogs bottled water i'm not like a
multi-millionaire so i'm not going to do that and yet both of my dogs are as healthy as a dog you
know they're in good shape you're absolutely right they're into justice system acid is different and
can eat up maybe some of the bacteria which are stomachs i would imagine seeing some of the stuff
that they ingest i would imagine yeah you're right but i just i did want to mention that there's a lot
of people don't realize how dirty our water is now they don't have a filter system and i we had
to go through it and when we took the water sample to the water you know my immediate water
sewer department they did this for you yeah it was very highly toxic and then they took a look at
our pipes inside the house and they said yeah you got old rusty pipes we're like okay so what can
we do about it like nothing you know get it either crystal springs or or an optimal reverse
off most of the house right so you know it was that bad that this water that we're drinking made
us all sick so you know a lot of people are making excuses of stress and so forth but they need to
take a look at what they're drinking and eating like just like you said amen okay thanks a lot pal thank
you sir yeah good point the water down here is full of uh it's crappy man but i'm drinking my great
sole water for my close personal friend south alconi thank you south oh i kind of bringing that
one one of those books i've got on monday and read the thing you to make p-11 feel real bad which is
why really need to bring it in about sorbitol you know your body makes sorbitol and no it creates all
kinds of diabetic problems is that when the uh instead of converting sorbitol to fructose like
an ordinary person does diabetics can't do that so it stores it in the cells sorbitol so when you
eat and drink stuff with extra sorbitol and that's why i have that horrible reaction and there's this
six seven there you are five six seven oh five sixty count five sixty on the eighteen two and
they always say that the ducks say that like uh underplaying with the green you son there you are
i don't know what that is it's just their way of speaking english there you are it's one of those
things i'll still believe here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hello yes sir yes so you want a
black hole you got one i think you're important someone one of the black hole that you got one okay
uh it concerning that rag that's flying in sarcoil and yes sir please take it down amen does that
piss you off does it frost your ass yes it does a little bit no one needs to be reminded that
when you see that does the word redneck come immediately to your mind uh yes um
well definitely me too it's it's it's not good it's not healthy it's it's there's no purpose other than
that uh people holding on to idiotic thinking that was that that's our cake that's right exactly
i hear you in uh irritable growls syndrome heavy rate they pal all right thank you there you go you
wanted a sparse you got one right off the bat there's a lot of other darkies out there they'll be
calling in with a comment about those Confederate flags and those yahu's and redneck in South
Carolina and joja and all you guys running around with those bumper stickers on here with that
crap about the south what what's so great about the south what was ever so great about the south
the weather but forget about that that's that's something they can't spoil they're working on it
they can't screw that up yet used to be able to own black people in the south oh well i got a
me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T-wire uh whatever that line is
and the out of town line is eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five as we get
healthy here on the air just sitting here staring at that head cheese when i think of all the crap
that we've eaten here i'm just thinking about that right now how i've made myself sicker and sicker
and sicker and pints of that fish food and all this other direct that i've been consuming because
i'm a god damn hopeless a pig and man is that going to stop right now that is going to stop is that
going to stop or what give me that yogurt i'm jones in for some more of that good yogurt it's not
actually that bad you know not that it's not delicious it's not like uh a sensational but after
eating it doesn't make you sick no like soothing you know like bringing in that Maharishi and just
doing a little bit of uh me that here's Miami hello yeah hello yes sir how you doing okay you have
a great show deal yes i do now uh listen all these people are telling you that you need to relax
and that your battles are going to calm down if you're relaxed but um the tone you need to take
taxill and prosack and you know value yeah and all these mind-to-usell yeah but but they're telling
you about these mind-bending drugs that you need to relax right right now i had some stuff i called
riddlein all i did was excuse me all i did was just lately changed my diet and uh smoke a little pot
yeah yeah yeah if you know the guy's telling you you need to find what helps you relax well
certainly uh medical marijuana for ibs on is reasonable to me it's it definitely comes
here stomach down yeah definitely uh i guess it's fortunate i'm going to be going to Amsterdam
very soon even though of course i don't smoke the wicked weed but i might just have to uh check it
out look you know you might want to give it a try yeah have a good day thank you brownies
why are you important they come in brownie brownie hound five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless lines head cap with nose the scores starting at 10 of a last
weeknight only on four three you five fifty two a.m. were you fudge back them cut it away
quite literally when i was circumcised somehow a group back on me amazingly overnight
my four kids back after hanging like a fruit fly
more than more than my birthday i was hung like a moose and everything's fine
that's uh they're getting cut away short now i'm hung like a resource
they're really well by turning down the side how
oh
my four kids back with the moil crossy trouble
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
give
thirty at five sixty w to q and by the way the TV channels are ecstatic that this trial is
going on this immediate dunes the shooting took place seven years and two days ago
it's ecstatic because it gives them an excuse to keep showing that videotape over and from
Right there in the head.
Over the keep will sitting out.
We want to see the blood splatter.
We want to see the gray.
That's coming in 11 I think.
I didn't want to show it during the family.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT.
Yeah, the TV reporter made him do it.
She's the one who egged him on.
That's a good excuse.
Yeah, TV reporter intoxication.
Yeah, that's right.
Let's get Ellis Rubin on the case.
What do you say?
Yeah, maybe I got fish food intoxication.
Maybe that's why my kishkis are twisted.
Here's a colon Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Leo.
Yes, sir.
My family has had on both sides all these kind of Schmidt problems.
Yeah, diverticulitis.
Maybe your family's full of Schmidt.
They've been full of Schmidt ever since I can remember.
Yeah.
And it sounds to me like you have either IBS.
I do have IBS. That's what my doctor just told me.
Right, or you can have diverticulitis that they can't see.
Yeah.
And it's that's a little which one is better.
Which one would be a more fun to have?
Yeah, I'd rather have the IBS.
Oh.
But the diverticulitis, if you know what it is, it's a little...
No, that's it. But you only have that in one place.
It's on the lower left.
What's that?
diverticulitis is in the lower left abdomen.
It's like so they call it reverse side appendicitis.
Yeah, well, it can actually puff in many parts of the intestine.
It's a little pocket in the intestine where the intestine stretches like a hemorrhoid.
And the food gets trapped in it.
Yeah.
And you got all that kind of problem.
Anyway, what I wanted to tell you is if you're going to try the...
That liquid mixed stuff over the counter.
Metamusel?
Yes, they also make it in a pill form which is much easier to take.
Oh, thank God for that.
And it has the same impact.
Yeah, it works exactly the same way.
But it's a lot easier to swallow.
But I don't understand. How does that help IBS?
Because I don't have any problem eliminating.
Believe me, I'm just going like a resource.
I don't have any problem with that at all.
That's the problem.
You will eliminate too much too easily.
And the food doesn't digest properly.
I see.
And what happens is the metamusel is...
Or you can also get by the way off brands.
It's exactly the same thing.
Well, I have console which I think is a lot better.
It doesn't have all that crap in it.
Yeah, it's a lot...
You know, a lot of this stuff is a lot cheaper than...
Well, that's what I'm looking for is a bargain based product.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I want a wholesale.
No, it's the same.
It's exactly the same ingredients.
Yeah.
You know, they just once they put metamusel brand on there.
And the price goes to three thousand.
Yeah.
The public spread is probably the best.
Yeah.
Well, in any event, the stuff helps...
It helps bulk you up and it eliminates the gas and the pain and all that stuff.
Great.
You know, if that works for you, then all you got is IBS.
If it doesn't work, then you've got to look again for diabetes because I had as a situation
with my wife where it didn't show up on three tests.
And eventually, they were able to catch it, but she had to be turned in the right direction
for them to see if you know one of those deals.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Well, it looks like I'm going to have a fun weekend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line and 877, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
How come we don't have no blackposts calling it?
They talk about their opinions on a Confederate flag.
And one guy who sounded very like conflicted, by the way.
What was that all about?
Where are all the darkies out there?
I know you're there.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
This is your Mayo Bingham, the Canaan.
Yeah.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
Boy, this is desperate week.
Desperate week.
We got some important crack going on here this week.
And you people are just like as usual, same old stuff.
Yeah.
Still in the morning.
Still this whole town is falling apart from that game last Saturday.
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Before I tell you my experience on the hack, is I wanted to ask you, did your cholesterol ever go up?
Did it ever go up?
Yeah.
Not while I was on the ECM's, it came down dramatically.
Really?
Yes.
Because I mean, I'm a 30-year-old Julio.
And my cholesterol went off the ceiling.
Oh, hi.
217?
Not.
217?
That's not bad.
What's wrong with that?
Because I usually have real cholesterol.
I mean, real good cholesterol.
217 is not a dangerous cholesterol by any stretch of the imagination.
But the doctor looked at me like I was going to die.
Well, anything under 300 is not dangerous.
I mean, like, 260 or 70 is high.
But under 300 is not a dangerous cholesterol reading.
Well, I lost about 16 pounds and all this.
And then, like, about a week or two after that, I stopped losing weight.
And I was like, I was creating beer and, you know, a roast compollo.
Yeah.
Another thing also.
Listen, I was in Georgia this weekend.
Yes.
And Confederate flags everywhere.
You want to talk about feeling persecuted.
Oh, God.
I went with a couple of black guys.
And these guys were like, oh, my God.
You know, let's get out of this place.
Let's get out of this place.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's not funny.
Anyway, maybe that's why I got together in Atlanta.
They figured they were one place.
They'd be safe.
OK, thanks, pal.
Hey, one more thing.
Yes, sir.
I love your idea about closing down Kyhochi.
Yeah, why not?
I'm up for it.
Winning doubt screw them up.
Hey, you let me know on the first one there.
OK, pal.
Later.
Bye-bye.
5670560, pound 560.
We're looking for dark, complex folks out there with an opinion on the God damn.
And on that rebel flag on that rebel flag, aka swastika, whatever the hell that thing is.
Which, oh, here's one right here.
Here's a dark folk in the Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Concerning these white guys, I think the majority of white guys suffer from RDS.
That's racism, denial, syndrome, and you know what I'm saying?
Yes, I do know what you be saying.
And that's that's the problem I think that we're having in this country.
We want to admit that there is a problem and that the white race is a racist people.
Yes.
And it doesn't mean that the others are not.
Right.
You know, but that's for danger.
You know, and that's a problem.
That's a problem America.
As far as that flag is concerned, it's a symbol of terror.
Tyroneid terror.
You know, seeing hate.
And all the worst things you can think about.
Right.
And that's why, and as a black man, when I see a flag, I just wanted to go away.
When did doubt get it out?
When what?
I say, uh, say, have a great day.
You do thank me.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T White House line.
So far, two for two, the dark folks don't like that goddamn Confederate flag at all.
Not one bit.
Not two bits.
Although this is a pretty tough year today.
I'll tell you a pretty, pretty weak now that I'm starting my strength back.
I might just have to Monday go back to do the no calls again.
Huh?
No, I might just have to pop another two or three weeks of that on there again.
Because it was really going, yeah, maybe I'll just chop off a nipple here over the weekend and throw it down the toilet.
And it'll give me the strength to come back.
Because once those grow back, man, do they grow back?
No.
Oh.
Get a scab.
Oh, damn it.
By the way, I'm sure you've encountered in your travels.
Although I guess maybe not.
There are guys you do realize who have no nipples.
No, I did not realize.
You didn't know that you never saw a guy who was like a chest with like no, uh, huh?
There's some like fat chicks who might as well not have any.
I'm not talking about chicks.
I'm talking about guys who have like no nothing.
Just, you know, guys with good bodies, but they just have there's nothing there.
I don't think those were guys.
Those were aliens.
5.6.
Oh, I thought he was at Disney World.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line, 22 before what a QAM.
What's radio 5.60 QAM?
It's Friday, you bastard.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh boy.
This is even better.
William Bill from Homestead faxed me a whole bunch of stuff about IBS.
Don't need this.
It's remember the scene in Fanzo where he was going to that dying place.
Dr. Schwartzman, the one that was smoking and puffing while he was on the treadmill.
And she said you do not eat that she was reading in the thing.
Do not eat this.
Do not eat that.
And he reached over to pick up a grape off that do not eat grapes.
Do not eat just about anything.
I think just a water, just yoga and yogurt might be the answer for the weekend.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is a black man called from Miami.
Yes, sir.
The reason he brought the album and getting a call from black guys was just sitting and listening.
And letting the guys just fusting up to hatred.
We used to decide to find the answer.
Just let them go here on with it.
Who cares?
Yes, screw them.
Right.
Don't dignify them with a response.
Okay, pal.
Have a great life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
He says he don't give a crap is what he says.
Well, wave your flag all you want.
He just knows you're dumb is basically what that means.
If you're driving around it with a goddamn Confederate flag and trying to rationalize it,
you're making excuses for it.
Are there any excuses for it?
No, of course not.
I mean, it's like putting that one.
I have a bumper sticker instead of just as I be a bigot, something like that.
I'd be a racist.
I'd be a bigot.
I'd be a dumb cracker.
I'd be a redneck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's a mobile in Isle of Marotta.
Hello.
Damn.
Yes, sir.
Two words for you, my man.
Yes.
Self-diagnosis.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Pick up the books and read about it, bro.
Yeah, I'm going to do that.
I'm going to do that.
I work in the medical field and a lot of times the parents are some of my patients.
I know a lot more than the doctors.
I'm sure of that.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, my doctor is four years bulls***, bull cop and four years of medical school.
You know what I'm saying?
Bulls***, yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
I'm saying, the man that just called from the city of Miami, you've got a point there, you know?
They're going to do it no matter what you're saying, no matter what you're doing.
To tell you the truth, I'm a white guy living Miami myself.
I'm more afraid of the country pumpkins than I have any black guys.
Yeah, I'm saying.
Well, let's see what the black people are.
I think black people do already realize that most white guys are terrified of black men,
especially the darker they are, the more said it's like a rickshaw scale.
The darker the black guy is, the more scared the white people are.
Yeah, I don't understand.
I mean, I watch the Texas chainsaw massacre the other night and know there's some country pumpkins out there.
And I was more afraid of them than I would walk it around in Liberty City.
Yeah, that's headbundied at a nice complexion too.
And John McPacey and Jeffrey Dahmer was kind of like a little boy.
Yeah, man, I real friendly with the young ones too, you know?
Exactly.
Yeah, just got back from Amsterdam on the New Year, man.
Yes, sir.
How was it?
First time and it was a great time.
I spent four days.
I think four days was about three days too long.
And went over to Switzerland, Zurich.
Same rules as Amsterdam.
A lot cleaner and a lot more relaxing.
Yeah, I'm on.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
So that's about it, my friend.
And I mean, closing, I just want to say Tim Walsh, which...
Okay, I'll see you in Geneva, sir.
New York.
Five, you know what I mean?
He said he likes shwites.
Then he's Switzerland.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Pound five, six, eight.
I like Swiss too, but more cheese.
What's thinking of cheese?
Oh yeah, now I can eat this.
Now this isn't going to bottom me, is it?
I don't know.
Or should I cut the cheese, huh?
Well, wait.
Bores had provolone cheese, wait, what?
Watch your...
What do you mean, wait?
Maybe some expert will call up then, Doug.
Oh, yeah, I'm here with some expert.
We got all the experts out there like that damn Kent Skin I took on Wednesday.
Oh, yeah, they're going to put all that to burium in your...
And you're going to have to...
Back them.
Please, it for 45 minutes and then with the go of the hockey game,
you're going to be marking chalk lines on your seat.
Yeah.
Did they put any burium in my...
Back them.
I mean, I'll say it again, it wasn't the most pleasant experience in my lifetime,
but it certainly was not no big deal.
Not a lot of pain.
Well, you asked this audience a question.
You know what you generally get, don't you?
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
How come you're all here doing great?
All these people want to put you on all these drugs.
What's up with that?
Well, we got a bunch of drug-induced idiots out there.
What can I say?
They said full meal.
Drugs are the floor of F and Wayman.
All you have to do is exercise.
I'm not a fitness guru.
Well, that...
It will help.
I'll just commit yourself for a couple months.
I mean, I'm not saying go to...
A lot of people think I should be committed for a lot longer than that.
Well, yeah, you have been, but listen.
Just exercise for a couple months.
You'll start feeling a lot better.
Do it every day.
I mean, get off your lazy ass.
Take a shower out of the day.
Right.
And exercise.
You got that.
I got that.
I got that.
I got that.
I got that exercise bike.
Well, forget the exercise bike.
Go out and, you know, walk.
You can't work out in a room.
What's wrong with a treadmill?
I know you don't like the gym either.
What's wrong with a treadmill?
It's just so stationary.
You get so bored of it.
You know, you're sitting in there, you know,
hucking and trying to get in here in your house.
And you get tired of looking at the wall.
So you don't want to work out no more.
No, I'm not looking at the wall.
I got a TV in that room.
Well, well, I'll put the game on.
I'll put your pants on.
But I think that's your problem.
The solve it is to exercise.
Do it for a couple of months and forget all the drugs and eat whatever you want.
If you're exercising, you can eat whatever you want.
Okay.
You're going to burn it off and do that.
I got it.
I want to say something else.
What is it with all these guys that are driving around these little toyotas and Nissan's
with these big mufflers on the back of them thinking that they're race cars?
I just want to run them all off the road because they're trying to cut me off going
100 miles an hour down the turn bike.
What is it with these more arms on these cars?
I hope someone can tell me.
There's one word, one word, sir.
You're looking for.
That's all.
That's the word.
Oh, man, it pissed me off.
I hope you get better.
I'm going to exercise.
Guys, you're at the end.
Say it.
Say it.
Okay.
I'm going to exercise about that.
So I'm having a little bit of my provolone cheese here.
Now is that good or what?
Can I have that?
Oh.
But it's poor as hell.
Oh, I'm looking at that head cheese and I'm thinking, oh, I don't know if I really want to eat right now.
God.
And we actually had a few people holding the day who admitted eating the head cheese.
I'm sorry.
I mean, I've eaten all kinds of stuff.
Believe me when I tell you, but the idea of, in fact, what are we going to do with this?
I'm just throwing it on the floor.
I can't.
I don't want to look at that thing anymore.
I bet you.
I bet you somebody.
I sure hope not.
I bet you somebody will take that home.
That should be the test.
If there's anybody in the building, Chris, they're not listening because they're listening to Power 96.
They don't acknowledge that we exist.
They listen to the two live juice.
Oh, that's right.
There are the ones listening to Waffin with the two live juice.
I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah.
There's a guy serving the entertaining that I have in the audience.
Oh, but everything entertaining.
Same tired monotonous crap.
Well, I can't wait to get out of this place.
When that date comes, the final day that I've, the last show that I do, this little silly sports
nerds, the one-dimensional boring terminal people.
Man, you talk about ponderous.
Get a life.
Get a freaking life.
Oh, there's an FU, by the way.
He might have a life.
Whatever happened with your thing, by the way, with your stomach thing.
Just went away.
He said, just a little gas.
Here's Naples.
Naples.
Hi there, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He always diagnosed with diverticulosis about a year ago.
I was having a pain in my left side, like you were saying.
It's really bad I had to go on the antibiotics for it and so on.
Right.
But I started taking a fiber.
It's not metamusol.
It's called fabulous fiber from Lewis fiber.
Fabulous fiber.
You get into the health foods or Dr. Vitamus, somewhere like that.
I take two big scoops of that every day.
About this time of day, mix it up in milk or what?
Two big scoops.
Yeah, they have a scoop in a can.
Well, I tell you, turn my whole life around.
I haven't had any more problem with that.
I don't take any medicine for it.
Right.
It just, it makes your bowel movements the problem.
That's what's causing us, you know, diverticulitis.
Because you're straining and you're, you know, you should have floaters, not thinkers, you know.
Right.
Should be nice and easy.
Absolutely.
My mother not sick.
I had that lady on my show years ago, the sink and float lady, she said they must float.
If they sink, you got real problems.
Once you stop straining and pushing these hard things out, then all your diverticulitis will go away because the muscle wall, your colon will develop like it should be.
If we've been eating fiber for the last 30 years instead of the last year.
Right. Instead of getting the whole other, we find carbohydrates crap.
Exactly.
Right.
I wish I'd started taking a little bit of this, at least years and years and years ago.
Well, what about your diet? Are you changing your diet?
Well, I'm a typical American.
I'm overweight, and I eat crap, you know.
I'm meat too, fat slime.
Yeah, exactly.
It's exactly what I'm, and yeah, sure, we should eat more apples.
We won't do it.
No.
If you eat more apples, you wind up dropping better road apples is what I do.
That's right.
If you take some of this stuff every day, this isn't just got to me.
I'm a husk like the metamuse.
This has got the vegetable and grain fiber and fruit fiber, and it's got all the fiber.
Maybe a little fiber, so I guess I'd buy it in a health food store, huh?
Yeah.
Okay, I'm on my way.
Thank you.
Okay.
Here's a fact from Dr. John William Sullivan, board certified alternative medicine position in Miami Lakes.
He says, do you need, I've been listening to you for over eight years.
You've helped me through my days countless times.
Now, after listening to you talk about your present health problem, and how after a battery test,
no one seems to have an answer for you.
I possibly could be my turn to help.
He says, I've taken care of many patients with your symptoms through my 20 years as a licensed physician in the state of Florida.
My most recent case involved the 58-year-old man who liked yourself as diabetic, and just recently developed a terrific case of colitis.
He went through all the tests.
You went through twice at two different nationaly-known clinics and nobody could even recognize colitis would flare up, and then disappear and reappear without reason.
In a last-desperate attempt, he finally called my orifice using refueling, and been putting off for six months.
I diagnosed his condition as colitis due to the effects of cytotoxic foods.
These are foods, including healthy foods, that cause many different systems, including intestinal distress, such as colitis.
And the foods causing your colitis may be totally different than the foods causing another person's colitis. I don't like that.
Like the father of medicine said, one person's food is another person's poison.
There's a simple blood test that will identify your personal offending cytotoxic foods.
If you discover that it's not in your mind, call me and I'll answer any questions you may have.
Here's the phone number. How do you like that? Thank you, Dr. John. Maybe I'll give him a call.
Huh? Maybe I will and maybe I won't. I'll see.
See what happens this weekend with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Vera.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Only 18 T-Line. Just ate this cheese. Not cutting any gas so far. No problems.
Delicious, too, by the way.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yes, I can't believe all of these erroneous solutions, people, are giving you for your discomfort.
Yeah, but it sure kills some good time, though, doesn't it?
That sure does, but I had exactly the same thing.
And I can tell you that this irritable bowel syndrome is the same as spastic colitis.
And what it is, it's a reaction to your nervous system.
So how does I'm spastic? You know, if you're nervous, of course I haven't called that.
It's going to affect different parts of your body. And I had the same thing.
I went to my internist and there's a small lime green pill.
It's about one third of the size when asked, but I wish I knew the name of it.
And you don't swallow it or chew it up. We'd be let it just melt under your tongue.
I've got that. Yeah, because of the tea. It's called a tea supplement.
It's an intestinal narcotic.
And what it does is it relaxes the bowels and you do that with a bland diet for a couple days.
And then you're okay. And I think that's what it is.
Well, see, I don't know what a bland diet is other than yogurt.
I mean, when you're diabetic and you can't eat this and can't eat that, what is a bland diet? What the hell can you eat?
Well, I think if you keep eating foods, though, it's not going to be particular foods.
It's going to be a reaction to your colon, to your nervous system. And that's what it is.
But you just said a bland diet.
Well, I know, but you do that just to let it rest for a couple days.
But I mean, if you eat different foods, you know, it's not the food you eat. It's the nervous system.
It's just something coming out. Some people would have effects. They're stomachs. Some people would have effects, other ways.
And sometimes it just affects your colon. I've had this twice over the last six years, and both the time these pills have worked.
So I'm just giving you that as a suggestion, because you got to let the colon kind of simmer down.
That's the reason for the bland diet. And then after a couple days you start eating your regular food and you're fine.
And all these other emulsions are like that. And all of a...
You just need to have five regular food.
All these emulsions and potions.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That doesn't do any good. So this is just a suggestion. You might talk to your doctor.
I wish I knew the name of these pills with man they were like a tire.
Yeah, I got them. I got them.
Okay. Thank you.
I'll go home and pop a couple of this afternoon.
Okay. Well, we love you.
Thanks. All right.
There you go. Everybody's got some, it's called Hello Doctor. Everybody's their own doctor, which is a bad idea, by the way.
Not a bad idea. I don't want any doctors out there to take it personally, but the fact is that a lot of doctors out there don't know my answer from your elbow.
56670560, except my good buddy, Dr. Dick over there in the camera. He's a good guy.
See, calling him. He went through the red tape. He doesn't put up on any crap. Dr. Dick polycop up there in the camera.
He gets on the horn. He says, I want the guy. Damn results now. Okay. He doesn't put up with any bureaucratic BS.
He gets back to us in a heartbeat, got me on the phone. They're saying, hey, you're still alive and good luck. Yeah. He's a good guy.
And a little Gary. He's okay too for a little tour. He's not bad.
It's a 1256 and 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it.
Hey, stop it. We take the afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAM.
1256705, the first time in a year.
1256705, the first time in a year.
1256705, the first time in a year.
1256705, the first time in a year.
1256705, the first time in a year.
1256705, the first time in a year.
He will be carrying a an Olympic torch, be a relay baton or see a TV set.
What is your answer? It's the game show where ordinary right wing extremists can win millions to fund the overthrow of the government.
Who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire tonight on ABC?
11556, the WQM is usually a very big one and two hour. But let's look at that.
We've made a clean sweep. Everyone that was on the day, they all dropped off.
Very good. Nice going, guys.
Really inspires me to see how much you think we got going with this audience here.
There's not one single call on the board.
When did that break? We had about four and then I watched three of them pop off.
And then just where we're going to come back, the last one popped off.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 8777856345.
This is pathetic. This is the reason I get three weeks without big and for phone calls.
This is tragic. We got everything going here from head cheese to irritable bowel to the crafts to a metamusel to the,
where we're Confederate flag and the aliens, grandmothers and everything else going on in this town.
And these people have got a goddamn thing to say.
And I wonder why they don't show up at the hockey games or at any other goddamn place.
You're looking like a ghost town.
Man, man, give me a break.
Here's my good friend, Bertie, that faxes me.
This is depressing. Strong flavored foods and beverages that tend to produce gas.
Raw apples, dried beans and dried peas, sweet potatoes, onions, beans, radishes, turnips, bell peppers, cucumbers, cabbage,
Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, broccoli, coffee, carbonated beverages, dairy products.
Oh, no more cheese.
God, it goes on. Like I said, I guess you just give up eating sounds good to me.
I think that might be the answer. This might motivate me.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just calling for some info. You'd give some of the best info about different places.
I'm going to vague if I haven't been there.
Well, since, let's see, well, been a long time, maybe 10, 12 years ago.
Yeah.
And I'm going to be staying up to New York, New York.
Yeah.
And I'm going to be there for, not this weekend, but next weekend.
Yes.
And I was wondering, can you give me any reference or any shows that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
1, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45 on the other timeline.
Can you believe that? Can you really believe that?
It's like I got to call me yesterday and said that he's doing great on the Africans,
but if I'm not doing it, he doesn't want to do it anymore.
Oh my God. Ring around the rosy. How's that go?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I want these lines smoking here, man.
I want to hear some verbal intercourse in this one or two arm.
I'm not going to see it or keep pumping these goddamn numbers up.
Like your bunch of retards.
And I don't want any more goddamn calls about,
was there a good restaurant in Vegas?
Everywhere you look, there's good restaurants.
You're right in your casino.
Every casino.
Go to the buck and I'll let the seizures and pick out.
Okay, the great Italian feast.
A feast fit for a beast.
But don't be calling up a toxin when I could like some kind of a functional illiterate,
like somebody's got to hold your hand when you go like more than 10 miles away from home.
Stop doing those things, sir. Please, I beg you.
I'm embarrassed for you.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Mr. James McDonnell?
James McDonnell?
Hey, I just want to say your program.
My radio right now is stuck on AM.
Yeah.
It doesn't switch over to FM.
Normally I listen to data for.
No, you don't understand.
I listen to you every day.
And you know what you got to say is positive to people.
Something is negative.
You know, you can't please everybody in this world.
That's what they can't please them to screw them.
That's what I say.
Exactly.
But take care and have a good day.
Okay, back to you.
What do you say?
5670560, pound 560.
18D.
Why was it?
Does anybody know what he said?
No.
He's a good guy.
But do we know what he, I don't think he said anything.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Who's your favorite fan?
So I know who I should also like.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless live.
I see that.
That's an important question.
For example.
Say what he has to pair.
There you go.
But hands off, pal.
Let's do a high alia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Just a few things I got to tell you.
In my opinion, I spoke to you a few months ago about how these companies are higher.
It seems like they've been helping on making you croak before your contractors over.
Yeah.
They're sure working out of here real well.
I'll tell you that.
So I guarantee you, most of your problems are stress related.
And then no question about them.
I've never worked anywhere.
I mean, this is a stressful business.
But I've never worked anywhere where the stress level is like it is here.
It's just unbelievable because nothing works.
I mean, and they don't care.
And they lied to you.
And they give you all kinds of excuses and stories and day after day after day.
You're coming here with the best of intentions and the best of hopes.
And it's still a polish myth.
Exactly.
I mean, if you didn't care, I'm sure you wouldn't bother you.
Right.
It wouldn't hurt you.
Maybe I've got to go back to that guilty philosophy.
I know.
That seems to work for two or three months there.
We just don't give a crap.
Maybe I would be a addict.
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
I'm not a good...
Sports radio, 560s.
You, A.S.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, right now.
I got a little song here for the best rise in the world.
There she goes.
There she goes again.
To New York, my son.
My un-sightfulness explains.
Her son, that run campaign.
All right now.
There she goes.
So far away from me.
But don't go worrying about me.
Well, she can't find the stay-at.
All of four are a day.
Woo!
Welcome to chapter one and five, six, it's every two minutes.
From Monday to Monday, we've got to diagnose all the diseases and the illnesses we're all doing great.
Life goes on and that's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
I just have no idea what to eat.
And I know somebody will call in some wise guys.
Each met, you know, and they're something like that.
Some gruel, maybe some nice gruel.
You know what they, that sounds like that head cheese.
Gruel.
Like, like quaker oats.
What kind of people eat quaker oats with brown sugar and red pepper?
Oh, yeah, with brown sugar.
See, there you go again.
It's like having a bad steak and covering it with god damn Peter Luger's steak.
So tasteless without it.
No, no, it is not good steak.
It's not tasty.
No, the oatmeal.
Right.
So why not take some confetti, some paper machine put in there and put brown sugar.
You can put brown sugar on that dog's minute.
It would taste pretty good.
Let's try it.
Go for it.
Pretty bland.
Try, if I get the head cheese out of the basket, we just tossed it in.
We just tossed it.
And the head cheese too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line on a really rough Friday here.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Key Largo.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I just want to call and tell you you got a great show.
And sticking something to eat, I just ate some bad chicken.
It gave me the snip.
Don't eat no chicken, whatever you eat.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, man.
This town is something.
Boy, it is.
No wonder.
You know, while I was in Vegas, I mentioned I saw that couple on the escalator going down.
They were going down.
I was going up at the MGM.
I was coming out of the parking garage.
And hey, Neil.
You know, we used to live in Miami.
The only thing we miss is your show.
We've been living here in Vegas for five years.
And I thought to myself, now I understand.
I finally understand why these people I meet who have moved other places, they say, the only thing we miss about Miami was your show.
Is there anything else to miss?
No.
Here's a mobile and key west.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Big mic here.
Just driving around in my new green Cherokee classic.
And I'm heading up to Toronto next weekend.
Yeah.
And this one, I know you've been up there if you knew any of these are some good restaurants.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have any of you here?
You're doing better.
And Denise Pupman was on the ESPN 2 once night.
Doing what?
The Hurricane Ranger game.
I'm sure glad I missed this.
That I would have had a relapse.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'm a schlepper, you know.
And I try to go to all the hockey games I can go to.
It's probably been five or six minutes this year.
And I can't afford it, you know.
And, you know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
This is astonishing.
It really is.
I mean, he sounds like a living and breathing guy.
And he's rolling along all of a sudden.
Just, eh.
What about that line for, by the way?
Notice that one's not ringing.
There's the deal again.
I wonder if this is what I was talking about.
The stress factor.
You wonder why my cookies are twisting because I sit here.
And many a day I'm screaming in the element and people are trying to call.
And the phones are all screwed up again.
If I had a brain, I'd be sitting here playing music every day
until I put a real phone system in here.
If I had any balls at all, I'm serious.
I don't want to do that because I have a little bit, you know, too much self-respect for that.
But I should just sit here and play music every day until I decide they want to put a goddamn phone in here.
Anybody who's listening to the show for more than five minutes knows that it's a piece of schmitz.
We've got to make, believe, phone system in here.
And do they care?
Are they willing to make a commitment?
No.
Oh, February 14th.
Yeah, I believe you, Greg.
I believe it when I see it.
You lying sack of crap.
You schlock, myster.
The schlock, myster of broadcasting.
Mr. Schlock.
This is the same guy that couldn't get to goddamn Dolphin post games show on here.
How many of the first, what, the first 500 games they did when they got the rights for $50 billion.
And managed to a psychotic about it.
Anything that has to do with radio and his son, but they can't get it done.
They can't do it.
And my kishkeys are getting twisted up.
And I come in here day after day trying to make chocolate, chocolate, rubber, cat crap.
Great man, baby.
Great man, baby.
Thank you.
I feel better now.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Maybe some of them work.
Here's Westchester.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
How you doing?
How you feeling better?
Great.
I feel great.
I'm really getting there.
I'm a 24-year-old.
Yes, sir.
I'm certain size, but I have a good story.
The circumcise of age of 12.
Oh.
Oh.
Yeah, when I was a baby had an ear infection on the can get circumcised, there was no pain that I could remember.
Like I've been kicked in the chops, the whole nine yards, there's no pain like that.
When I came home that night, horrible from the hospital, I had like an infection on the tip.
I didn't know if you could say it had it.
But I'll just say it had cheese.
And like I said, so I'm sorry.
But I had an infection and when I was leaving the sheets, the cover actually got stuck to the tip.
Oh, no.
Oh, horrible.
And when I went through all over, it's when it started to pull off the scat.
So I screamed for my father, whatever.
He had to bring warm water with the whole bed, trying to soften up the scat.
Oh, poppy.
There is nothing worse than that.
I mean, talk about barbaric.
I didn't really think about it until you and George were talking about it.
And you guys said how barbaric it was.
And I believe George, you just made me smack my culture open again there.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Anything that could happen to you is much better than that.
I mean, that was horrible.
Well, that's about it.
I hope you feel better.
I say lawsuit found the order to me.
Oh, I wish.
Okay.
Thank you.
56670560, pound 560.
That's like that kitten Rochester that they got is a skin frozen to the pool.
Although I guess he got his pool of frozen to the sheet or something like that.
Even worse.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless side as we continue.
We're a little long singing a song searching for somebody with an IQ larger than their foreskin.
Here's Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
First off, you know, I hope you're still feeling better a little bit there.
You know, I know it's like to be, uh, have the runs and stuff like that.
You just imagine what that's like.
I don't have the run.
What does I'm saying?
I can just imagine what you're going through.
I mean, not the runs.
I mean, I know I have problems with the runs and stuff like that.
Oh, he's what I wanted to talk about though.
Seriously.
You know, you're talking about the people aren't going to the Panther games stuff like that.
Yeah.
I would love to go to the Panther games, but there's no way I'm going to pay that type of money.
Just not even get night of the ticket, but to get in there.
You get something to eat, the parking.
What should I mean?
Well, like I said yesterday, I give up by throwing the towel.
There's nothing I can do.
Whoever's going to show up is going to show up.
But there's no point in lecturing people and screaming the Ellen about it, especially when I get my tickets for free.
There's nothing I can do.
It just is very depressing.
The medical winner.
The ambi.
I can't complain about the ambiance because there isn't any.
I mean, you can understand.
You can understand.
If you want to make into money or you want to get into tickets, they're like that.
Right.
You're just showing the, you know, making.
I don't understand that.
I mean, that is.
But you, but you would think that there would be enough different people.
You follow what I'm saying.
It may be if you went to like four or five games a year.
There would be enough different people, but there just aren't.
There's just no base for it here.
Yeah.
I mean, I can, I mean, I can afford to probably go to like two, but you know, I, I mean, I enjoy, I kind of like to go to the heat game.
Maybe, you know, not the new arena or going to that, but it's the older arena or anything like that, but there's no way.
I mean, you get, you get ripped off with the parking and the food.
I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous.
Yeah.
I mean, $20 to park a pro player stadium.
I mean, right there.
I mean, that's more than what it calls to go to a long game itself.
I mean, that's an absolute joke.
But, uh, all right, Neil, have a good weekend and you too.
Love you, Neil.
See you.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
That's the verdict that we've had 50,000 calls on it.
And they just, uh, they can't handle it.
They can't take the punishment.
Plus, they're sick and tired of getting the cranks without the end every time they eat a meal in that place.
Boy, that must have done me some real good day of the night.
What the hell night was that Wednesday night?
Oh, brother, that Washington game.
You rush over there after that cat scan and I get in there and that filly cheese steak sandwich.
Oh, God.
Man, I see my golden retriever deposits things in the backyard that look better than that filly cheese.
So-called filly cheese steak for $6.75.
See, one thing about people like Wayne, no conscience.
He doesn't carry the grave robber.
He just, just come into God damn place and they'll have a big sacked.
They'll just throw all your money in there.
You know, your jewelry, your watch, your rings, whatever you got.
Just throw it in there like it's a contribution.
That's their attitude.
Here's Waterhill.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I am sick of these people in Florida.
Throw what you're going to and say, I am fat as hell and I'm-
$5.670560, pound 560.
But I tell you one thing, your material is really weak today folks.
I mean really at an all time low.
All time low, desperate, just tragic.
Here's a mobile informer, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Have you seen the real world road rules challenge?
What's that?
It's they kind of go against each other and they do stupid little things
that win e-trade money.
You mean on MTV?
Yeah, on MTV.
No, I don't watch- I never watch MTV anymore.
Never.
They brought back-
I despise MTV.
Well, they brought back some of your favorite real world people.
So I thought you might enjoy that.
Like I said, I better start-
If Abe is back, I'll start watching again.
He's there.
All right, like I said, I love MTV.
It's my-
In fact, I'm turning it on right now.
Neil, let me ask you a real quick question.
331.
And Val Hamster, then, is-
Is March a good time to go?
No.
How about April?
April would be better.
March is colder and hell.
Why would you want to go in March?
I- I don't know anything about it.
That's why I'm asking you.
Well, the climate, I mean, it's never like other than like June and July
and August, it's a pretty cool place.
So if the weather is important to you, I would not go in March.
I go like in late April would be good.
Where do you stay when you go over there?
In a hotel.
Which one?
What difference does it make?
Hey, can I get a shameless request?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, I mean, they can't even tell me why it makes a difference.
What difference does it make?
Does he want to stay-
He wants to sleep in the same bed?
Okay, I'll leave some kudis behind for you next time.
Okay, sir?
Yeah.
I'll leave it a positive for you.
Squirt, squirt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp, 5, 60.
180 and T.
Wireless line.
I'll leave a little something there for you.
A little souvenir.
Oh, God Almighty.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
God, Neil.
Yeah, I got an idea for you.
I bought the phone system over there.
Maybe you should charge these dumbass callers if they don't have anything smart to say $1.50.
And then maybe you know, you can set us out of the little bag and $1.50.
Yeah, how about five bucks for this one?
How's that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp, 5, 60 on the 180 and T. Wireless line.
Boy, you sure got a lot of lifeless hoolios today, you know?
Let's be taking the day off.
Wait and forget I'm a fetus.
They'll show up there in New York.
New York.
Las favoritas.
Oh, don't say that.
Jesus, correct.
That's on duty.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp, 5, 60 on the 180 and T line.
Just keep pumping those up.
I'm just going to give the numbers out and put them online for.
That's all.
Put it in the video.
Like that baby, how about 60 on the 180 and T line?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to give the numbers out.
I'm going to give the numbers out.
I think I'm going to give the numbers out.
And I think that's in the video.
Oops.
valid on the pizza...
And here is the length.
Oh no, all right.
Ready.
All right, add that turkey mart in the industry, me that's pansy.
126 is 5 60 WQM.
It takes a lot.
Maybe this!
Turbo pepper, I bet.
Oh, right.
That's six with Chocostello.
What?
On Sports Radio 560, Q-Way in Florida, Sucks.
Shabu La-Sah!
Shabu La-Sah!
Shabu La-Sah!
Shabu La-Sah!
Shabu La-Sah!
Shabu La-Sah!
Hey, hey, the young gun's out there.
Why the hell don't you go home?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And stuff all the time, why not?
You're from all the crazy you see.
Oh, back to Cuba with your pop-up.
Where you be playing the mud.
We'll pack your reason and call others.
Just go away, we're all fed up.
Oh, barely young gun's out there.
I'm sorry, I love you, too.
Why don't you go home?
Hey, hey, the young gun's out there.
Go home and leave us all alone.
If you only see, I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for free, so I'm better.
You've got your talking mom, T-shirt.
And you're making us here.
You've had your fun, time starts packing.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can stand in.
Everybody's hiding up.
Above all the hooligans and crackers.
The roofwoods are just as far as up.
Hey, hey, the young gun's out there.
Why don't you go home?
Yeah, they're young gun's out there.
Go home and leave us all alone.
And you're lazy, look.
They're giving away free, as she nates green cards.
Can I have one?
Bye bye, you'll be on the packing bed.
Have a great life, sweetheart.
Adios, you're a ghost.
132-560-WDQM.
I just heard a rumor that the grandma has already took them home.
That's a rumor I just started.
Hey, listen, why not have some excitement here this weekend?
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Your condition is stress-related.
Most people these days, it's going into their back.
That's why you're seeing all these ads for acupuncturists
and chiropractors.
I had it.
It went into my back.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't work.
I went to the doctor.
I couldn't walk.
I could only stand up for about 15 seconds at a time.
That's not bad.
The pain was.
I went to the doctor.
The quack first gives me some muscle relaxers.
That worked a little bit, of course.
I didn't feel anything.
Then he started giving me steroids.
That didn't help.
And then I'm saying, you know, maybe I've got, you know, MS or ludicarexies or something.
See, this is the way it is.
You always start panicking.
You have to be, you know, assuming the worth because you don't know what that is.
And that just makes the stress worse and the addition worse.
Right.
And then you pick up those medical books and you start reading.
And you say, oh, I got that.
And then a stress gets 100 times worse because you assume it's like some horrible thing,
like a 40 pound tumor.
And I was very lucky that I found by accident a book by a doctor who discovered this actual syndrome
and what it is that it, how it manifests itself.
And basically what makes it go away is just knowing that eventually it will go away.
That's for the most part the tree end.
But his name is Sarno.
And the book for me was called...
You're in Sarno?
No, I don't know if he had a book out.
No, Sarno with a no at the end.
Sarno.
It was called Mind Over Backing.
But he speaks about how back in the 50s and 60s, remember when everybody had ulcers
and they were drinking buttermilk and all that.
Right.
That was, it's the same thing.
Some people get it in their stomach, but think of it what these cracks, they stick a pipe up inside yet.
Right.
Basically they didn't find anything, but they can't tell you well, you know, there's nothing there.
There's nothing here.
It's my age when I'm glad I had all these tests because now that I know that I'm in there,
wonderful shape except I feel like crap.
Exactly.
But they don't really what they should tell you is, you know, there's nothing wrong with you.
We don't know what it is, but then they can't justify the bill.
So they put this ridiculous name on it.
Irritable, what power syndrome?
Yeah, that does have a nice ring to it, doesn't it?
What does that mean?
Yeah.
By the way, the one good thing here, all this literature that's been fact to me,
it says, remember, one thing, irritable bowel syndrome does not predispose you to more serious disorders.
So it's not like you have this and if you can't clear it up, you're going to whine up, dyno here.
It's not the evil thing.
Exactly.
And trust me, what'll make it go away is just knowing that it'll go away.
It's got nothing to do with what you're eating or anything else.
Right.
And just taking a few months out of this place would help you.
And well, you can't eliminate stress.
If you got out of that place, you'd have to drive home and that's more stressed than even being at that place.
So you know what?
I don't mean just the way I mean, guess staying out of here for like, you know, five, six months.
Well, that might do it.
That will definitely do it.
Okay, pal, thanks here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line, 877, 785, Niel, 877, 785, 63, 45.
I feel better already.
And of course, I'm planning on taking off another seven months, just like I did with packs of my hell not.
Why not?
Georgia will do a real good job.
First five, six, seven, oh five, 60's got a point and pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
877, 785, 63, 45.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Niel.
Yes, sir.
No, I listen to you show and you're so full of it.
Boy, they're good.
I'm telling you they saved the best for the last part of this week.
I'll tell you that.
Make no mistake about it.
You talk about the drags, whatever you scrape off the bottom of the bowl, you know.
Which I don't clean toilet bowls myself, but my mate does a wonderful job.
Whatever she scrapes way off down way, right by the holder.
So to speak, right by the hole.
Back them.
That's what we got today.
Here's Daryl.
Hello.
You know what?
Following those two calls, this is going to be a great point.
Please, God, please go back to no phone calls.
I just made you.
Now that I see one of the reasons that I haven't done any days like that is because I haven't been feeling that great with this stuff and assuming the worst and not know what it is.
But now that I know it's just a little irritant, irritant, I just might do it because these people, I mean, I must have had 500 calls today that put them together.
They won't worth a quarter.
I have three years down here and I've been listening to you two years from Detroit.
And I'm embarrassed about, first of all, about the Detroit hockey fans that call you an act like idiots.
Yeah.
One of those ones.
There's only one.
Well, but second of all, to listen to all the idiots in general, it's amazing.
The mentality down here is, or the other.
They have no material.
So their idea of a call is to make some kind of a shot at me and like I give a crap.
I couldn't care less.
Well, I could have...
I was honest to see the amount of the Patriarch. I get twice a month or they'd be shocked.
They would, they would pee in their pants.
So if they think that I give a crap what they think, I couldn't care less.
I, you know, to follow those two calls, I could have said it here and burped on the phone and been more comfortable.
And we've been a gigantic improvement. That's right.
There you go. Listen to that.
And the old God love you.
Have a great day, Parker.
See, there's a guy, at least the right.
We've had a few. We've had some reasonable people today.
Tenors 15.
And it was had 100 assholes.
Which is the thing is about the soft-loader ratio anyway last time.
56670560.
You see, this is an excuse for no material.
It's like they got it called earlier.
Give me a lecture about how I talk about hockey and etc.
And so what do you want to talk about?
Like that.
How about auto racing like Joe Castello?
There's a real balls on guy.
22 before 2 at 560 WQ.
I wonder if he worked here anymore.
I haven't seen him at a coon's age.
You're still hanging around here just coming in to pick up a paycheck once in a while.
Of course, he's coming in to get to prep the studios for tomorrow morning's auto racing show at 6 o'clock tomorrow morning.
Joe Castello, that's what he's ready for.
He's going to have Jeff Gordon in there with him, around him or something like that around him.
The panthers take on the fractures in its winter.
Oh, yeah.
Join the new boys of the panthers.
Jit's been done.
From the boys.
He's ready.
Randy Mueller for the action.
Panthers preview starts at 7 here on sports radio 560 QA.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Find you pay for a lot of extras when you fly with most airlines like Torterous headsets, watered down drinks and disc area service.
Where we here at cattle car carriers have eliminated all of those costly frills to bring you the lowest airfares in the history of aviation.
Fly to Europe for less than $10 or cross country for just $1.49 restrictions applied for our first class service for interior accommodations.
Business class and ride with the luggage oxygen extra or fly economy and know the thrill of the jet stream in your hand.
We're just a cheap.
Kind of called.
We're cheap because you are 143 or 560 W.
I'm speaking of that by the way that new laws Vegas the national airlines are starting January 27th.
I can't we're just talking about that looking forward to going to Vegas over and over and over and over again.
Are we doing it?
Yeah.
God, I love Vegas.
So let me ask you where's the restaurant out there.
Which is the best 711 you like the one with all the glitzie assigned out there and then I McDonald's with the glitzie the lit up neon on it, you know, neon, the on.
Oh God.
See it's just it's just I can't relate to it. It doesn't compute with me.
We'll be like all the different places that I've gone.
We got our plan. You go to Helsinki Finland. How many of you have been to Helsinki? I'll sink you Finland.
Five three of you.
But I don't mind if I'm me you get a book you get some travel books you read a few things what hotel you want to stay at.
But I mean, I wouldn't even think I wouldn't dream of running around asking people stupid questions making myself look like some kind of a lending.
Oh, she would be a good place to eat there in a restaurant.
Oh.
Where would be a good place to stay in a hotel?
Here's the facts from Julio. That's his real name Julio who says I've been listening to you show for the last few months it amazes me how the majority of your call is care about things that have so little importance on everyday lives.
Whether or not Ali on stays spelled AL I he in is irrelevant.
How about the media in our community focus on something important like what's happening with our Florida highway things what they didn't accusing to innocent people of causing collision on a major Florida highway when the fact it was a drunken FBI agent drive it on the wrong side of the road, etc.
It says not one caller has even mentioned this and that it says I say block and traffic is so cool to those idiots who were doing it we stand a little of anablock their traffic and chat cut the crap send them back nice going Holy.
Oh, cut the crap send them back.
Oh boy Monday no calls by the way have already decided that.
All right no serious I'm not taking no calls on Monday these these callers today between having to beg and plead and push and then 80% of what we come in here has been pure.
I'm not going to run the show with that again you just throw the show you're not funny if you're taking a shot it's not going to get on your anyway and just wasting time that's all you just kill everybody's time.
Which of course in soft Florida's what they do best kill them a good time want to have a good time can't do it it's Florida.
That's why we can't have casino gambling here we can't be like Vegas because everybody there's having a good time and that's illegal here.
It's uncomfortable to think that we might have a good time here on accepted we gotta have riots and protesters and Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, dancin.
Time here.
Like they're having a party out there in a goddamn street making everybody else's life is miserable as they possibly can it's either them or the old parts making everybody's like this.
Like one of our first caller said today walking around would a perpetual scale on their puss wanting you to be just as unhappy as they are.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
See, how are you doing?
I'm doing much better, sir.
I usually don't call talk stations.
But in that case.
But listen, it's unbelievable the quality of your colors.
On the label. Yes, it is.
And I'm from the Amsterdam area, so...
This would never happen in Holland.
Of course not, because you've been educated people over there.
Not about your numbscores. Not about your idiots.
But anyway, I just want to make one comment about sports in the US.
I travel a lot between Holland and Florida.
Don't you think it's a social...
I'm just...
To pay somebody in sports.
17 million dollars.
I'll read this.
I've been saying that for years.
And these people...
These people who are obsessed with this, they are disagreeable.
They think it's great.
That's why people complain that they have to pay $20 to park their car.
And $50 to...
Right, because they have to subsidize these idiots.
Of course, you know what's going on now in Europe with soccer?
They want to change the system and pay a certain minimum salary to the players.
For every game you win, you get a bonus.
Yeah.
And for every goal you score, you get an extra bonus.
Because otherwise, people can't afford going to games.
And they don't want to pay $15 and $20 million or guilders to sports.
Sports should be sports.
And it's not a business, right?
And you might not be more.
And you're the whole world.
You should afford to go to the game with the families.
Right.
But to pay, I just write in a newspaper here,
you pay $117 million for what, 10 years or 8 years?
A guy to catch a ball?
Right.
I mean, this is...
And you pay a schoolteacher $40,000 a year.
Correct, sir.
And then...
And you wonder why we have a bunch of functional illiterates running around.
A bunch of dummies, which you hear on the show every day.
But something else.
Next time when you go to Holland,
call the CUNE University Clinic and answer them.
Okay.
The academic hospital.
Right.
You probably, which your health insurance from the US,
can go for a free examination.
And it won't cost you a...
Next time, I'll give you the number of very good doctors there.
Okay.
And who's a very good friend of mine.
And he won't charge you a meal.
And get a second to pin you in Holland.
Okay.
Because they're very good.
Just there.
And, you know, they'll tell you the truth.
And they won't overcharge.
And in this case, even I take care of the meal that the don't cost you a cent.
Okay. Okay. Great.
I'll get...
Which effects number, sir?
305.
Six 50.
Six 50.
Oh, 190.
Oh, 1982.
You got it.
What are you going?
What am I going?
A couple weeks.
Okay.
Don't go now, because I just spoke to it five degrees above zero.
That's okay.
It's raining every day.
That's all right.
That's fine.
And tell your customers the best time to go to Holland and to Amsterdam is the first from the first part of May.
Till the October.
Yeah, I tell the middle of August.
Right.
All right.
Okay.
Donkabel.
And docee in Amsterdam.
Okay.
And try to get some quality colors in.
Yeah.
Don't hold your breath.
I'll see you.
Have a good weekend.
Okay. There we go.
There's a...
A doichman.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, you don't say doichman by the way they get very upset about that.
Like I told you that they don't be speaking to German in Holland.
They get real, real psychotic about that.
Not that they take it personally, but they do.
Here's a pepper pine.
Hello.
Anya, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I just tuned in a little while ago.
And I heard someone mentioned Dr. Sarno.
And I had read the book.
I had excruciating back pain for three years.
Right.
And a day and a half I was cured by reading the book.
I had three epidural injections.
And I had an endoscopy, you know, minor outpatient surgery.
And then I read the book.
And exactly what this guy is a saint, he's an outcast in the medical community.
It's a $56 billion industry with pills and surgeries and everything.
And it's basically stress.
And like he says in the book with the person said he does mention about the ulcers.
And if back pain was degenerative, it would be, as you get older in your 70s,
but only 2% of back pain is in people in their 70s.
It's really in the responsibility years between 20 and 35.
And it's more obsessive, compulsive, and perfectionist people.
You know, where you got to provide and you try to, you know, be a perfectionist.
And so on.
And it's stress.
It's all stress related.
It sounds exactly what you have.
If anybody has back pain, please, before you go into the surgeries and get hooked on all these pills,
please read this book.
He's got three different books.
You can get it at Barnes & Noble.
The guy is a saint.
He was on the Larry King show.
And that's where I saw him.
And Howard Stern was a patient as an he's cured.
Oh, yeah, I did see that.
I saw him on there.
Right. Yeah.
I mean, that's where I saw it.
I went out and got the book.
I'm telling you, I'm free of back pain.
It's like a miracle.
I mean, everybody, when I told my doctor, they're laughing at me and so on.
But they can laugh all the way.
But I'm off pain medication and I have no pain.
You know, that's all I can.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Keep it up.
Nine minutes before 2 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
Gym Manage Toss Sports.
Yes.
Right here.
On Sports Radio 5.60 QAM.
It's Friday.
You're breast.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
On a stage, stage 3.
Do you have hints?
게mbar of the universe.
Your saving power.
You got enough things to make it.
of the country for the才 just play Ice
I'm going to get time for today
Make up on envy
Wave
I'm about to out for a break.
Our customers are moving ready.
We're all here for the living.
Our customers are moving.
We're moving.
Jesus, help us fulfill our wish.
I'm not a fool to any...
Oh, Jesus, help us fulfill our wish.
I'm not a fool to any...
Oh, Jesus, help us fulfill our wish.
So please keep it OSUBE F show.
These are white hands and pressed rise...
When you hear my sticky voice.
Jesus, help us fulfill our wish.
When you hear your ac pat birds,
you hear the beat and fast kickなんか walk.
Probably 157 at 5.50.
QM hangs in the building.
He'll be along at 2.
We got the books to briefly and we got the Panther game at Atlanta tonight should be a
Piece of cake.
Seven o'clock free game game time 7.30.
What am I doing?
Do I have any idea what I'm doing?
I'm doing a hellendale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How about those dolphins?
See what I'm saying?
See what I mean?
And that got waited for several minutes to come up with that.
Very good, sir.
Of course, if I weren't hellendale, I probably wouldn't have much material either.
Here's a mobile and sweet water.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up, man?
Yes, sir.
What's up with our movements?
I think you need some upper.
Uh-huh.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, this is typical.
These last two calls.
Look at these idiots, man.
Right.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, all you schmucks out there in South Florida, you really don't know what you have here.
No, they don't.
They're hellbent on destroying the show.
That's all they know.
Yeah, well, I'm over here in the West Coast.
That's all I got is this.
You know, I mean, there's a rest of this stuff, there's all toilet flush.
But I'll tell you what, I know it's getting time for you to get ready to go.
But, you know, that was one.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah.
Anyway, I was talking to, I mean, excuse me, I saw this MSNBC thing just briefly here,
this idiot lawyer for Brothers to the Rescue.
Yeah.
You know, and she's like saying, I don't want the US government.
It's just trying to appease this time.
It's over here 90 miles away from the United States and all this stuff.
And how the grandma is going up to New York.
Yeah, that was normal.
Right.
