560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers
Contanille called 560-560 toll-free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone
The opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
Beasley read acquisitions for the Beasley broadcast group now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM
seasonal facts in the church
Yeah, I like it when the guys stop by for a hummer
So you remember
Yeah, remember
When you got that
Hummer
New keys on the block really have small
Shirt-time attitude have no
I am this is live when the guys stop by for a hummer for a hummer
I like guys who start at home they want it
It stretches when they make their wish
Because it gets long from my hummer from my hummer
Big one daddy's ticket in my hand. I gave you a hummer and it all began
He had the biggest one that I ever did see
It fell to the floor when you tried to be
When you unzipped I can't help but watch but it's so safe that you just have to flaunt it
You wet my whistle with that big thing thing
Happily got my throat manicurizedly crazy now I think about you that makes me sad
You went away and never came back
I gave you a hummer and you went back home
A college close-up was the size of your mom
I felt even love when we gave me a seat
Now I'm a little bit like Alex B. Keaton when I'm bad too. I knew that you were sick
It really doesn't matter the size of your sticks
Kids on the block really have
I need to have no
I have to set the flies on the guys that fight for a hummer
That I was doing five sixty wq. I'm happy Monday to you guess what
Oh, that's right. They got the probe all coming up. I was gonna say that was the last football game of the year hold
Yeah, thank god great game though with a horrendous unacceptable ending unacceptable
Although I think we learned a lot yesterday didn't we learn a lot uh huh that the reason that all these horrible things and people that pray like
Cassie Brunella girl and the the school over there in the Colorado all these people that are praying to Jesus and God
They he doesn't have time for you. He's busy. It would a football
That's right God and Jesus. They're both busy, which I guess it's the same at the same kind of sort of
They're busy with football
Kurt Warner and Bruce Isaac the two at the two worst God squad assholes
They hook up for the winning touchdown unacceptable
And then you could see the hand of God reach out when at poor kid is trying to reach out there to lie with the
Two seconds left of the game and get that fall to the goal line just get it over to break the plane
Baby break the plane no and God reached out and just smack his hand just slap them right in the post
Said no way Jose and his name wasn't even Jose well God gets confused
But God is busy in those football games and then of course Kurt Warner comes there after the game
Oh, and Jesus my lord and savior. Oh man. Do I hate people like that or what?
I mean believe whatever crap you want to believe I don't care what you believe
But why do you have to keep like the Bruce Isaac crap I read on Friday?
About how he's so much better than everybody else Isaac Bruce whatever. Hello Gary Bruce
It's guys with two names. What does it make which one you put first? That's the price you pay what I call him
I don't care what his goddamn name is
Oh, yeah, well when he prays he calls out the name of Jesus. He's invulnerable
And you can almost hear it from the sideline. Just want to look like
Tennessee was gonna tie it up there at the end. He's a Jesus no
And at hand that ball just went bush whack back from the goal line
What a bunch of assholes and you all these people are brutal man
brutal
Even Joe Roe stop by to tell me how grotesque that audience was in the worst team this morning and we punched it up in the last
Humanity and I'm adding again rip in poor Kurt Warner's wife who's a cancer victim
Just because she had that real dicky haircut and looked like a real bull-dike in heat
She's a cancer victim. She had chemo or hair didn't grow back yet
Now have I said that she looked real dicky and that she looked like a real
Bull-dike in heat. Yeah, but it's bad. It's in bad taste
Because she was a cancer a person and she had chemo and her hair isn't grown back. Of course. She could have worn a wig
She could have worn like a hat
She could have done anything to look a lot less dicky, but she looked like a oh man
Didn't she look like Lily Tomlin's girlfriend on a bad day
But that's just the way it goes. What goes around comes around. It's all over
Over. How about those commercials?
Yeah, most of them did
Now Joe is giving you some evidence about some I must have missed those because I was channel serving especially in the first half
First half you must admit was pretty ponderous. I mean really weak
So I missed a few of the spots the one with Muhammad Ali made we want to cry. That's how bad that spot was
I mean what was
Yeah, we know you've got Parkinson's you you can't breathe and you're barely can move and you're shaking all over the place
Well, I don't even know what the spot was for what was it for web web
Healthcare web spastic web healthcare something like that web spaz.com
All of those dot com spots and even the e-trade dot com which has got the great one
Why didn't they use that one on there that we've seen 50 million times with the broad with a purple smath in the two estranged hooters
Hold hold hold Debbie Debbie
Oh, that's my favorite. That's one of the great and did they put that on there? No, they spent in fact the one
What was it was it that one or was it that one of the others?
So do spag dot com. It's is we just wasted two million dollars. How are you handling your money?
You didn't see that one yet. In other words, meaning this was the worst piece of craft spot you ever saw in your life
How you doing with your money and invest with us? I am sorry
Like most of those spots. I mean even if they're amusing at the time they don't leave anything with you
You don't walk away thinking. Oh, yeah, that spot was for
Over to hello was for and I'm gonna go out and use their service or their product or something like that
Shocking astonishing tragic by the way godfather's was very good on Friday
It would have been a lot better if somebody wouldn't given our good friend bad directions there
But he got lost if that thing would have showed up here on time see the taco peaches not the one to have delivered
Which they don't deliver anyway, but that's not the one that travels well because he had to put the lettuce on here
And then the other kind of cheese on top and then he had a nuke it which the bottom part was already cooked
So there's no way to even it out, but it in spite of all that it was still pretty good
So next time we get one by the way Georgia's home sick very very very sick with his damn flu
And of course his wife has been very sicky with an emergency room over the weekend. He's okay
But everybody's got real craft man real bad craft because god he's too worried about that football game
Instead of taking care of our health
That piece of crap
Up there in the sky wherever the hell he is where he's hanging out
He's more worried about Kurt Warner and Bruce Isaac Isaac Bruce and Gary Bruce
That's what he's worried about
bunch of dumb jocks that's what god is concerned about and Tom green by the way is very very pissed
Begin of the internet with all you morons out there that believe those rumors
What when is this gonna stop?
Why are we gonna
Ground up all the little infant tile mines which believe me would have to have a big institution to put them away
All these infants these computer nerds who spend all their time stirring up all these stupid idiotic rumors on the internet
Tom is wounded because there are so many jackasses out there who believe that he addressed up his Hitler at a bar mitzvah
And he got canned by MTV, which is either one of those true. No
But when you live in that world of computer nerds you assume automatically if you see out on the internet it must be true
I feel very bad for us that we have to put up with assholes like that
Then of course, I've got 50,000 copies of this article about the appreased
All these priests who are dying from AIDS must be a mistake
Yeah, right
And then of course we've got 75,000 articles great article by Tom jica and one by Carl Hyerson
What an Easter newspaper about the E situation
I've gone air boys excellent in fact Tom jica please put the check in the mail because it's another example of a column taken directly from this show. I mean directly
About 467 and 10 and the incessant the drowning in a sea of alien. I mean just just taken directly nice going Tom
Could have mentioned my name though
Eight minutes after 10 at 560 WQAms only once out Florida radio
And you're listening to it and go for weekday after noon to two sports radio 560 Q
Where's my meat you've heard him squeak you've heard him sing now the ferret talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours
Listen to the dirty talk
Picture what he's doing to you
Oh
Let his words work their magic
It's the ferret talks dirty
Available now for 69 95 order today come on it's after 10 is 560 WQ
I'm one of the perks of George still being out sick which we don't wish him to be sick for a long time as that
Joe is here again today so Joe can share with you all the stories about his big birthday party on Saturday
About the police showing up
Yeah, and I mean that conversation that you had with the clearance in there
I mean I wish I had that on tape you were a eavesdropping
I didn't have to be eavesdropping the door was open here to win up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up
Can I just ask you a question? I don't want to start knocking those guys those sports nerd guys that we have 50 million of them running around here
We'll have compulsive gambling problems and we'll all be like Hank Jr
I mean
I'm like Hank Oldberg Jr
That was kind of like that
But I mean the any of these guys have like a like a girlfriend like a relationship with another human being like it because it sounds like kind of like a junior high school conversation
The main
Not unlike a junior high school conversation. Yeah, I'm sucking and let not but what one of them does John John weiner
Yeah, John oh John's got a weiner. He's got the steady growth. Yeah, all the others not really and how old are these people like 24 25
26 mid 20 sure. Yeah 27
28 29 30 31 no no that okay that for Bokeh Brian
He was the Bokeh Brian did not belong there Bokeh Brian. I'm when he comes in
I'm just I'm gonna tear up his check. He did not belong there at your birthday party
I have the mission. It sound like an old troll, you know that's about how he was great. He was hilarious
But he didn't belong there and how would you know he was hilarious anyway because you were stoned out of your mind
So what difference is him? I was not stoned. I was a
Plastard
Plastard slash stone
Plast I don't want to go into it now. Let's save it for later
So by the way a berry jackass finally gets something right
Oh, it goes to show if you're right enough crap sooner or later something's on target
You're right berry the boomer blows he blows and every time they showed the boomer without michael's in that booth
Oh yesterday in that game
It looked like I wanted to jump out of his skin like please get the cameras off of us and I'm embarrassed to be here
And please I mean and then the long shots and this man has nothing to say his best commented
These pathetic the worst the world's worst the boomer and they're having these conversations like a debate
Well, as you really uh doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out. No, he's got nothing to say
He's got a personality like a like a dead man
Your weak boomer take a hike baby so to speak and get out of here get out of our push
So
Here we have the first of four thousand reports facts to meet copies of this which I did hear it and I did read it over the weekend
It might must just be an aberration. You know more of the isolated incidents can the city Missouri
Roman Catholic priest in the United States are dying from AIDS related illnesses or ray at a rate
Four times higher than the general population and the causes often concealed on their debt certificate
I
Yes, today's Kansas City star
In the first of a three-part series the newspaper said debt certificates and interviews with experts indicated
several hundred priests have died of AIDS related illnesses since the mid 1980s and hundreds more living with HIV
The virus that causes the disease
I think this speaks to a failure on the part of the church at our Xeteria Bishop Thomas Gumbleton of the Archdiocese of Detroit
Gay priest and had a resexual priest didn't know how to handle their sexuality their sex drive
And so they would handle it in ways that were not healthy
Uh-huh the star received 801 responses to questionnaires that were sent last fall to
3,000 of the 46,000 priests in the U.S. the margin-vary in the survey with three and a half points
Six out of 10 priests responding said they knew of at least one priest who died of an AIDS related illness and one third
Newer priest living with AIDS three fourth 75 percent said the church needs to provide more education to seminarians on sexual issues
now this is great
75 percent of them said the church needs to provide more education to seminarians on sexual issues
Yet all these could be in the catlicks where they go for counseling on marriage and hanky-panky and birth control
And this and that where they go to their family priest
People fact in the church is in that pathetic or one. When are you people gonna wake up and step the daffodils?
It isn't just that crazy faggot or radio telling you these things. It's the goddamn truth
Wait till we get to the stance on who this is the best to show what liars people are
How to be celibate and how to be gay at the same time? How to be celibate and how to be heterosexual at the same time
That's what we really never talked about to do. That was a major failing gumbleton said
Asked about their sexual orientation hang on tight now
75 percent said they were heterosexual
Oh
As to about their sexual orientation 75 percent of these priests said they were heterosexual
15 percent said they were homosexual and 5 percent said they were bisexual. Let's see 95 that leaves out 5 percent
Oh
I guess didn't have a
Or whatever the Reverend John Keenan who runs Trinity House an outpatient clinic in Chicago for priests
Said he believes most priests with AIDS contracted the disease through same sex relations
He said he treated one priest to an infected eight other priest
The star said precise number of priests who have died of AIDS or become infected with HIV is unknown
Partly because many suffer in solitude when priests tell their superiors the cases general are handled
quietly
quietly
We're in the quiet period
The newspaper said in the case of Bishop Emerson Moore who left the art sciences of New York in 1995
And went to Minnesota where he died in the hospice of an AIDS related illness his death certificate attributed death to unknown natural causes and listed as occupation is a
Laborer and the manufacturing industry
After an AIDS activist filed a complaint official changed the cause of death who HIV related illness to star said
But the occupation was not corrected no
The newspaper said the death rate among priests from AIDS appears to be at least four times that the rate for the general
US population some priests and behavior relics boards believe the chief the church has scared priest in the silence by
treating homosexual acts as an out of abomination in the bricking of celibacy vows as shameful the star said
Catholic cardinals in the United States and high-ranking church officials in the Vatican declined request to discuss the newspaper
Spindings the star reported the Vatican referred questions to local bishops
Bishop Raymond Bolin of the vices of Kansas City said the AIDS that show that priests are human
Much as we regret it he said it shows the human nature is a that is human nature
And all of us are heirs to all of the misfortunes that can be fortunate upon the human race
Did they have anything to say about the fact that they're covering it up? No, we're sweeping it out of the carpet
No, that they ally alive. No, that these people are totally unqualified to be counseling anybody on anything. No
No, of course you didn't say that because it's bad for business
And we got one call on the board that's got ten question marks on it. That's not a good sign, Joe. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay, sir
Yeah, I like to talk about the panthers and power boy
How good he's doing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Just got started right under the box and we've already got a chronic on our real jackass a real love. He's an asshole. Maybe it
Should have 40 question marks next to that. I think it's gonna be a good day for music
We can get got thought this brings more pizzas by today again. Oh see Joe's giving a thumbs up. I can't do that every day. That would be bad
Huh, that would be very bad. I mean I've done very well. It's amazingly well. I'm losing this weight
Feeling great
That would be very bad to impose on them a second time here today of course the orges in here today
So you never know he might just be back tomorrow and then move them on Joe to miss out again
And of course all no seriously all the fiber in the uh, all whatever that is and the gluten in there
It's good to soak up all the booze from that the birthday party on Saturday
That all those pre-pubes and clowns from this radio station attendant. I really am. I'm embarrassed
This is a place that this is like a grade school. It really is. It's like a kindergarten
How we need to sandbox with a palin a shovel
I mean you can't complain about the maturity level of here at QA and because it doesn't exist. There isn't any it's like
Unexistent a bunch of like little children Billy Jay Kramer once made a song about these people little chillins
Tom jicker writes television overkill victimizes alien a second time nice going there Tom
Never get the credit never ever get the credit these people
I mean a steal and a steal for me at least give me the credit like if we play somebody else's bit
Don't I give him the credit Bob and Tom?
Well, it is even at bogus a castor and over whatever it might be
We give him credit for not Tom
stupid who says
Two months of sound bites and fury have signified nothing and resolving to the two vexing questions regarding alien Gonzalez
Know not the issue of whether we should be returned to his father and Cuba or be permitted to stay with relatives in Miami
The really crucial quote a critical questions are the local tv stations realize how much they're overheated overblown coverages dividing this community
Also do they care? Do they care? No
If they haven't sensed the answer to the first question. They've got no business calling themselves journalists
They're continuing overkill coverage provides a resounding answer to the second question
The miraculous rescue of alien from the sea on Thanksgiving day is the kind of stirring tale that generally galvanizes the community and
Support and sympathy so it was in the early days of the story. That's the so it was
However, the subsequent excesses of local tv news have created an atmosphere in which a substantial number of South
Medellins don't care where alien goes as long as he goes away
Amen in effect says Tom the news departments of channels four six seven and ten
Have revictimized the youngster in their attempts to pander to a small group of zealous
Did he say four six seven and ten?
There is no disputing that it's a small group. They're more than a half a million Cuban Americans in South Florida
And even at the most crucial moments of the two month vigil outside alien's little Havana home. They're rarely been more than a couple hundred demonstrators
Wednesday correspondence on the scene of aliens reunion with his grandmother's reporting the crowd of about a hundred
Allowing for playing close detectives and the like even this might have been a generous count
This does not mean that the rest of the Cuban-American community the community at large for that matter is indifferent to alien space
It's just that most of South Florida's been able to keep the matter in perspective something the local tv folks have been unable or unwilling to do
Those there are situations such as this path Monday and Wednesday when almost the entire broadcast spectrum was commandeered for hours to essentially reporting nothing
The motorcade from alien's home to Miami Beach was treated as if it were the white Bronco chase or the ally forces reoccupying Kuwait
Speaking of the right Bronco. He's back by the way with channel. So he's back. Oh Jay. He's moving here
It's there all over him yesterday time goes on to say
This despite the fact that it was well known the procession was going to end with the media excluded from the only newsmaking
The event of the day in light of this news briefs and regular newscast could have done the job
And you've had anything on foreseen took place and instantaneous shift to the scene would have been tailed into push of a switch
Given the lack of genuine news correspondence and anchors vent with inane and irresponsible speculation and rumor-mongering
Almost all of it intended to curry favor with the most extreme anti-caster of segment of the exile community
WSBN channel seven as might be expected was the most outrageous behaving like one of the strident radio talk stations that Huran Kamen is 24 hours a day
WSBN never described one of the options of alien being reunited with his father unfailingly it was alien being returned to communist Cuba
The explanation for the unacceptable behavior around the dial is simple
Cuba and Americans make up about a third of the Miami for Lauderdale TV market
No station wants to seem insensitive their concerns if your rivals are going wall to wall covering alien on anything less
And your part could be interpreted as a slap at this important segment of the audience
If nothing else the leaders of the extreme freeing fringe of the ex-al community have been splendidly successful
And framing every issue when a if you're not totally with us you were against us mode
The irony is many of those on the fringe turn to the dependably friendly Spanish language media for their news
So the English language stations risk alienating their core audience with little upside
They're willing to play this game of brinkmanship because there's no place else for the majority of the market to turn
No meaningful way to register their protests
Well, there is one way says time by turning off the set and denying these newscast the ratings that are their life blood
The February sweep start Thursday your move nice going air time
467-10 you should all rotten hell. I'll say it again
And I noticed now they've kind of calmed down if you noticed that they calm down because there ain't nothing going on
Just like there was nothing going on in the first place and now the relatives say oh, this is the best
This Armando Gudiera son of a bitch this guy says oh, well, you know get you go away from the house
And I would calm down and basically they were told I just like Spencer Iga the schmath had attorney was told cut the crap
Cut the crap or else
Yeah, this clown Armando Gudiera's family spokesman you know does your family have a spokesman by the way?
I said this the other day the only people I know where the spokesman is the panthers they got a spokesman. I don't know anybody else for the spokesman
We don't think immigration officials will try to take alien away which having the media outside the house stopped them from doing
He said but now we want the media to back off
There's any person in their right mind who believes that because those assholes were hanging them outside those
200 toothless wooden Indians that they were hanging out that the INS didn't take the kid away
Anybody believe that with a brain no look congratulations get alive good
pathetic
And this is why almost everybody has been turned off no matter what they think about this little kid even if they don't think about it for turned off for pissed off
Because the Jose Basultos and the Raul Sanchez
Whatever his name is Saul
douchebag and Armando Gudiera's and Rick Sanchez all of these people
And then they have another big float kill log in yesterday
They would all of boats out there carrying on like a bunch of boy scouts in the water
Why what does this have to do with anything?
Nice going there time jica
And like I said Carl hyzen's got a great one which I guess I'll read too because look at this
There's only one call on the board. It's going to be a desperate Monday
We're all recovering from Joe's birthday party on Saturday
Call of police
26 past 10 at 560 wQM call a cop get him right now god damn it
Wake up with the first key Joe roe
Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein we'd be mornings at six only on sports radio 560 QAM
Five five five
There's no mine for up and his final solution the bad to push the world of the Jewish church
The third right
Day five
Knock it back with the blue
Germans love good deer almost as much as they love smooth blonde Aryan boys
And thanks to blouse the only deer brood with slow roasting juice
So to try ice right
Not recommend the blouse
Thanks to blouse deer with Zagandhi
Thank you for the strategic sergeant
10 pernion 560 wQM so any of the sports nerds get laid at your party Saturday or not
No
No
The answer is obviously no
The closest to clearance came was like a little suck on the arm
And that was Joe is by the way that was Joe's arm. What is it?
He was doing well until the arm suck until he started sucking on her arm and she just said no
Get away from me you creep you stupid sports nerd asshole you see I find it's very distressing
Maybe if they would like find like a life for their own instead of trying to be like little underling clones
You know following some people around like to the strip bars and go out and getting you know a booking for themselves
Maybe if they like put their own feet on the ground so to speak you know and established like an identity as a human being
It was all very entertaining. I'm sure
And what about poker Brian?
It was all very entertaining like I said
Okay, 560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This is a sad
Sad bunch really is not bad, but just sad
Here's a mobile in four-letter Dale. Hello. Hey, it's about to get worse now
We have two media problems worse than everything you just read. Yes. One is number 10 vector
Codlob gets it over to number 27 Ray Whitney
And the other is hey Denny look at a smile on the face or attic to work. You know Denny players like to smile when they tell about
Huh, what are you talking about?
Ah the media is sick and need help badly. Okay. Thanks. Oh, I can see this is gonna be some kind of a day
I've taken two calls so far that you won't belong on the air. Oh, did anybody have anything to say no? No
Holy sweet Jesus man Friday. We had a great day. We was in e-free day
I'm not gonna do that today though because there's too much e stuff like the jicke column
And the Carl Heisenman which I will get to maybe I'll just read them all over and over again, especially the jicke one
All the why should I read it because I already said that myself before he picked it up nice good nice putting it into a column
Though time I like that. I mean some people see my material through a crappy job of it
But when Tom does it he doesn't make difference in job. I really lay it right out there for you
Because really what it boils down to is that the people who speak English in this community
I'm not just talking about so-called anglos
I mean anybody who's capable of speaking English even if they're Hispanic
Well, we don't we don't want to be inundated with the same boring crap 24 hours a day
We're not into with that deeply and heavily. Don't affect our lives
And we take deep offense and bitter offense of the fact that we got a bunch of clown assholes on there on 467 and 10
Especially preempting our programs preempting our soap operas one of their own making and Rick Sanchez getting on a cell phone and trying to inject himself irresponsibly into a news story
Absolutely positively unacceptable the fact that some of these people still have their jobs
Shorzy and what a bush league town is really is
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
It may to be noon before we get our first real call in here this morning
We're back to these kind of Mondays again. Well, it's after the Super Bowl, you know
And it came in it pretty late last night about 10 o'clock after most of their bedtime
Here's Miami Beach hello. Hey good morning. Yes, sir. Hey, the reason there was that for till yesterday
It was a nice day. It was a nice day out here. They wanted to get away from the wives
You know, there was a good reason they just have to
On a serious note. I wonder if you could get us the facts numbers for the
the station 7
4 and oh you need started a big campaign on here are people faxing the station? No now time jic had the right idea sir
Turn it off
Just turn their news off watch the programs you like them when their news comes on if you have an eels and things just shut it off and screw them
Stick it to them because they don't they don't give a crap
I've got all kinds of faxes people of semi-some with some lame responses from the TV station some with no response
I got one here this morning guy faxed the great facts over to channel 7
Did he get a response? No, he's gonna get a response. They don't care. Don't you understand? They don't care about us
So the only way you're gonna strike back is if you got the neil something hooked up
Just turn it off during their newscast anything local or just turn it off all the time if you want like channel 7
When it doubt turned to tune it out to an unwammy now Joe was telling me about that new strip poker thing
They got the new show which is like taking tens to another level see instead of doing it in increments
Are we live this is America? We don't want to show too much hot flesh on the air but since it's on 11 o'clock at night
What was the guy that was on he was on a 12 Richard Bay remember the Richard Bay show? Yeah from New York
Yeah, we used to we had his bag producer on New York a couple of times back in the iod days
Richard Faye Bay
When it was Richard Bay or nine broadcast Plaza no one was the Richard Bay show and he had all the hot looking young people
Very little clothes on sometimes with no excuse at all and who needs to have an excuse see that's the problem
Why does it's like who wants to see a storyline in a porn movie? Oh, nobody wants to see a storyline just get to the action baby
Nobody wants to have got him storyline
Oh, but if there's a storyline it's not so pornographic and the same thing with putting hot young mud and scantily clad people on the air
Nobody wants some song in a dance nobody wants a plot
Just put them on there and let's see him do a little grab-ass and whatever you can get away with and everybody wants to see that right
You bet your sweet ass
Because please don't insult me by telling me that Britney Spears is a great singer or that Jennifer Lopez can sing it off out of a paper sack
Sure if you stuck a gun up her rectum he couldn't sing and it had to be a big gun too by the way I get lost
In Jennifer's case. I mean don't get me wrong. Britney is a very very very very very very lovely young lady who's illegal aides now
But nevertheless
Is she a great singer? No, no
Sometimes I'm naked
You know there you go. Yeah
People want to see hot stuff that's all why do we have to be such liars about it? Why do we have to be such prudes about it people want flesh
Unlike of course our sports there guys who just want to get you know hooked up with their bookie
I wonder what happens when Clarence sucks his bookies arm. You think that gets brownie points for that. Uh-huh. Yeah. I said his arm. What I said show
Oh
Here's the four-lotterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? They're pretty good sir. Yeah, well
I call you once on tatoing a long time ago, but yeah, I wanted to get involved with this Eliantang when channel seven had a survey on the call there
900 numbers last Friday about should you let go back and not yeah, I call that number for two hours and I have to buy call in Miami for hour
Nobody got food. Where was that survey for the bees little little banner? I never I never saw result on that survey
They didn't have one of them because I tried to call it for two hours to both as many times as they voted in election right so I didn't even get through so whatever they put up for us
I think Rick Sanchez probably had the lines tied up. I think he was fixing it. Yeah, well I want to show it to him. He's dead man
Ladies and doorknale. Yeah, that's my point for the day. Okay pal praise Jesus
All right, that's what Kurt Warner and Bruce Isaac Bruce said praise Jesus. Look at that. We want to have him game
Oh god, I mean is that play happened? I'm picking him up and what was the defensive back looking at on that play by the way
He was lost. He needed a compass in a road map
Here they made this phenomenal comeback. They tied the game up
There's a couple of minutes left in the game get it to overtime now. You got you be having a chance
And he's like out there wandering around and I guess Jesus probably pushed him away because uh
Isaac Bruce said Jesus Jesus
Yeah, he called out for his lord and savior and there's wicked arm from up above kind of spun that defensive back right around
Around direction and he just took off and hauled ass right in the end zone
So when you're like if you're on a plane and the plane is like bouncing around and dropping 10,000 feet at a time
And you're fearful your life you're going through a miserable storm if you're out there on a highway
And you like cars start skidding around don't pray to Jesus because he don't have time for you
He's busy with a football guy
See this answers the question we've been asking for years on this show how come they have all these you know these uh
Christ for athletes for Christ breakfast and prayer groups and all the stuff because God is heavily into that crap
Just like our sports there God guys guys probably got a bookie
God is a God needs
GA
What do you think they call it GA
Hey
22 before 11 at 560 WQA and
So how many versions do we have in the QM sports department by the way? Oh, I'm sorry
Hey cap with nose the skull
Oh
Turning it in to the last game
We've got only on sports radio 560
You A-A
It just keeps getting bigger
Hello
Hello I was calling about the why but you have to say in the paper
Okay, what kind of Wavits are they okay? I have some
Lops yeah
I have some
And spotty lots and some kind of color lots oh wonderful and I have a straighty or so and I have two dwarves
What a dwarf there's small ready oh, okay, we have a farm
We like to play with the Wavits on a farm
Uh, you wouldn't happen to have any like little rabbit handcuffs
Did he want little handcuffs for a rabbit
He's in cuffs yes
I'm sorry I never heard of him what uh
Well, you we we used him when we hunt him on the farm
We like to hunt the rabbits and we take them and nail them to a tweebother ears and then skin him alive
There was oh
And now I think that's what you don't do at least right?
It's so I couldn't say you already
We have a little game we play called all wavits must die
No sir no sir no sir
Uh, I wouldn't say you a rabbit
Of first fifty dollars I like to hunt the wavits
Well, that's okay you you go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits but these aren't for kill
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully
No sir, I'm sorry
And say you ready
Sometimes we even spit him due to head with a westy water
1043 at five sixty w a q a a i i i can see this is going to be a real weir here today speaking to John weiner
This is going to be desperate here's a fact from Bonnie who says I just can't get away from alien
I'm at the hockey game Saturday in the handicap section 419 in walk four young people who seem very nice
As the game began in Pavel Burry was racing down the ice one of the young men jumped up and screamed
Score one for alien Pavolito
Although I wish Pavol would score all the time scored scored this time
I'm almost glad he didn't we just can't get a break from this neat not even to hockey game
Lament poor Bonnie
From section whatever the hell I was from the handicap section score one for Pavolito
Alien or is it the other way around I'm confused
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is lame here this morning. This is really lame
I should have called in sick like George
Here's a mobile and curl cables. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
It's one documented here one of the few people on radio who's got guts to tell what it is
But there's a gentleman who stepped up to almost to your level
I don't know if you ever read the comics in the newspaper read the word but it's the comics no the comics trips
I was through using the newspaper this morning and if the comics are called boondocks and they just have to call up my eye
The head of the black entertainment network
criticize the the cartoonist
And I think to do with racially motivated things and not keeping up with the black people
If you happen to get a chance to look at his answer and the cartoon is he drew
Regarding black entertainment network. Yeah, you'll really see that this guy answered back
I mean reverse racism and it's finest. It's really a pleasure to see somebody
Have a great day sir. Whatever you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
I
heard the I read the column and I was the year show and I have to tell you the column wasn't necessarily a take off
You show because I could have written the same column
Mm-hmm. It's the most annoying situation
I think we all feel that
It makes no difference whether we're taken from the shore. Yeah, so let's give him time a hard time. I mean other oh yeah
Uh
Did you notice that they had the big picketing about the Georgia flag at the dome yesterday in Atlanta?
Yeah, Jesse was upset about that too again. Yeah, I think the temperature drops five degrees and all of a sudden
That becomes like a non-issue the same way this time became an issue. They did the flotilla
It's the one is nice
The whole thing is absurd and it is annoying the community for a while. I watched channel four and they were actually I think trying to be
F-way newsworthy not when Elia Rodriguez was then they went great
They went crazy too with channel seven post-beginal for by the way
I'm glad you mentioned that uh what the hell's your name to want to crazy one that's always laughing like a hyena angel array
She laid a dinosaur reg on Friday
Go on angelah she lost it. She just she started cackling a laugh and so a lot of that
I thought they were gonna go with straight jackets and drag her ass off the set
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I mean this woman is not well. She really needs serious help. She needs assistance
Well, I can say the rich fan chose thing is another joke
But tonight it's fine. Sir, it's not a joke though. It's not funny. Here is a guy
It's management sir. Sir listen to me. Here is a man who is supposed to be reporting the news
Who starts hypervidelating because he starts interpreting things that he sees on a monitor with the with his plane out there at the
Tammy Emmy reporter, which your opal oc airport, whichever one it was and so he want he gets on the cell phone and tries to call the
The car with the with the Miami family and little kid in it to tell him to turn around and go home because the grandparents are going back to Washington
I mean just totally unacceptable here is a man who is trying to interfere in the goddamn news and into a government arranged meeting
And his manager joke it's pathetic his manager with account of it
Oh, and that's where the problem lies. Okay. Well, just take it by the channel 7 through that's the answer for just say no to 7 everybody just say no to channel 7
Canal seate adios are evidenti. Fuck you guys
I get that miss come all up set to I want to get hurt too pissed off
Here's the mobile and hollywood. Hello
Neil yes sir. How you doing? Okay
Uh, I
What is it?
Okay, he's gone 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile and Oakland Park. Hello
Neil yes sir
Yesterday in the real estate sir, right? Is there is something I'm missing here today, but it seems like everybody's a little slow here this morning
I must have missed something yeah, probably anyway yesterday in the
Real estate section of the
Sun sentimental yes
Someone bought a house in carol springs
For $150,000. Yeah, and they print is the address
You know the buyer was no
Number 10 on the panthers. Yeah, they printed his address in the paper. What's all so why not? What's wrong with that?
Well, I know nobody nobody here knows who that is. Yeah, I really didn't well brain dip
But anyway, I thought it was interesting anyway. It's no secret where he lives in a southern building
And my buddy Charlie Alfie Eril is in the same building that he lives in. Don't secret. I used to deliver Charlie Alfie Eril's nail on that
I'm happy for you sir. Oh, oh, I can't take this. I'm going home right now. I'm having my recurring a
Recurrence of my QAM disease
This bunch of people that I have just spoken to in his first 49 minutes of this show this morning all I can say to everybody is
He got it here
Get me out of here
Talk about a bunch of lifeless wonders this guy his claim to famous
He used to deliver Charles Alfie Eril's mail and they put he's looking through the guys. I mean what person would see that?
What kind of a person would see that in the newspaper? Do you know how big the Sunday papers?
I spent about five minutes. I go on get the papers
I bring them in and I take the the condoms off the papers, you know
And I spent about five minutes going through and throwing all of the crap that I'm not going to read in the big
Ground garbage thing before I take you to the stuff in the house to read which is about 90% of both papers
How could anybody even with a minimal semblance of a life find such a thing a and be be concerned about it?
Oh number 10 from the panther is he's buying a house
Wow
This has really been a fly opener. I'll tell you that
Make no mistake about it. We may have to get pizza from Godfather's after all
What are you laughing about? I don't know what you're trucking about. I would think you'd be
Chomping at the bit so to speak
Whatever you want to do on for it. Yeah, right which means he wants to go then
Well, we can't impose on them again. I'll release the guy would know how to come here
See, I don't count that as a real test on Friday
That was like a dry run
Because he got lost and by the time he got the stuff here it was just uh plus that isn't the one to get
When you're having only one
Here's Miami hello
Hello
Yes, I just want to hear the sound of my own voice on the radio. That's what it sounds like. How are you? Okay?
Um, you know those people with a meal some homes. Yeah
I just get a TV and it's worked up outside of the meal something
They could still watch their news, but it doesn't give they don't get any credit
Well, why would they want to watch that news? That's what I don't understand. It's a big thing in moaning about it
Why do they want to watch it in the first place? Like some people like to be annoyed. Yeah, they're whole life
That's a good for juices
I don't I don't I will not watch channel seven news again
I know but you've been saying that for years. No, I have not what have I what did I say that
Well, how else do you know by leaving the rich franchise is doing? I don't I really watch channel seven news
But when you and I don't know everything he's doing but when that stuff was going on
Did you have an alternative? Can you turn to someplace else? That's true. I mean
That's a monster if you bounce from one to another to see if anybody's gonna give you a relief from this craft
Which they didn't know it didn't and I was like I do not
Head to state
And the only reason I knew Rick Sanchez made the call is because somebody called in I didn't see that somebody called in tell me about it
But major heads of state visiting other world capitals never got coverage like
That that day. Okay, and have a great day. So
Don't start high-perfect lightning breathing too hard
ah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I'm after we curl hycines planet alien editorial. I may have to read that do I want to read it? No, no
I want to talk to some living and breathing people out there in radio land. Oh, but it's Monday
I'm gonna take every Monday off from now on
I'm tired of the excuses like I told you before this is a town of excuses
They don't show up to ball games. They don't support anything else
They certainly don't support us here with with any kind of response 90% of the time and a hundred percent of the time on Monday
Maybe over the years there've been like three Mondays when something extraordinary was happening
Or was given something away maybe over the course of 24 years in this town
There've been three Mondays when we had like a real show
And the rest of the time. Oh, we're sorry, but we're too busy pretending we got a life
And of course the people we're hearing from today. Do they have a life? No, that's why they're calling
They can't even put on an act like clearance
Here's a mobile in Davy hello
Yeah, yes, sir
Yeah, it's a change of subject here. I wanted to talk about IVF
Yeah, yeah, I'm 27 and I've been diagnosed with the two. What do they say about our drinking beard?
With that, you know, they say to not drink alcohol
Oh, no, what do you say what do they say who's they?
Who's that?
I'm talking about IVF your mouth and some syndrome, but you said what do they say who's the day?
Oh your doctor will he tell you I don't care as he doesn't tell me anything is I don't drink
My answer would be no don't do it really just stop and use some common sense
Uh-huh you got an irritable bowel booze is gonna like
Like like like pouring acid into a cauldron
Really really
I'm very hard liquor just like beer and stuff. You know beer here and there no don't do it till it clears up
Oh really um, I also work in the same plasas but peeps waffle. I always see that guy Jeff Cohen getting mail
At the mailbox. Yeah, he's a funny looking guy. He's got funny nails. Let's put this door with that
Listen, I'm gonna hook you up with a guy from Coral Springs that won once got the mail for delivered the mail to Charles Alfie Erie's house
Oh, this is
Joe's cost dollar does it again
Every time without fail something really special happens on the show when you're in there something really astonishing
It's Monday this happens every Monday nothing to do with me
Even when George is here with his intellectual crowd
Good point
That's right when George is here with those intellectual callers come on George you can get out of the sick bed
I'll make way for you. I'll get I'll give me a 15 minute head start. So I don't catch any what you got
George can come on and do the show from his sick bed going home. I can't handle this crowd. This is this is an unruly crowd today
Yeah, I see that guy Jeff Cohen getting a mail out of his mailbox. Yeah, he's got strange fingernails
Whoo
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey
I wanted to talk about the sister Mary Teresa there the one that went up and
started lobbying the Congress or whatever
Yeah, that one. Yeah, am I the only one that can
They can realize why the grandparents the grandmothers are Larry about being in this country at all
They've been very well brainwashed plus they see all these crazy agitators out there some of them are going
How many stuck how many stuck and there are a couple old ladies anyway who are like you know from a 10th world country
Exactly there, you know professional Cubans and they've been brought up to believe that you know
We're the Paris and we're the bad guy right and the Cuban mafia in Miami. Don't forget about them. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I got a shameless request for you and my wife did what was the need for all these other people to be in the house next door in the
Waterway behind the house. What was the need for them to be there?
I'll go ahead just to be agitators in the create that nervousness, but anyway go ahead. Did they have their teeth? Yeah
Can I get a shameless request? Yes, sir. Could I get a kick his ass if I could get dug up the oldest press?
Okay, all right. Thank you. You got it pal. Bye. Bye. Wow. I'm telling you these people must have been Joseph birthday party started
These must have been the people that got lucky
560 560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line that out of town line
It's sitting there waiting desperately for a voice from the outside world for something for some input
877 785 6345 please someone come and rescue us here in South Florida. We're drowning in the sea of crap
877 785 6345 1056 at QAM
This is 560 QAL
Jim Manditch talks
All right right here on sports radio 560 QAL
A little of less of my soul was wrong with me some Marie now
We got a pervert of the family tree
I'm standing in my grave and I'm about to throw up. I can't get asked
I can get stuck up
Oh, well my ladies are right in my arms. They're all to cold in the grave. I got a nasty call
Looking at pops pop tonight, but I cut by the
If I could get dug up
Oh
Well, a break is all I'm giving to black eyes and nose was swept to its original size
I glitched his skin till he's all gone
Abandoned mobile of cheer plugs off so to me a favor if you love me
Bring a back hole to the cemetery
There's a lot of love and better file. I got a beat up, but I can't
A little so get dug up
I think it's really symbolic when the king dies on his throne
I think there's something really beautiful about that. It's 11 o'clock at 560 WQAM
Here's the facts from Dr. Rick
Not Dr. Dick, but Dr. Rick who says go back to no more callers
You need to take a break from the losers at least until tomorrow
PS no cheese for your iBS. It'll rip you away. Brackdom ass
This is don't do it
And then he writes at the bottom of that
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Thank you, Dr. Rick. We're good idea. No, no pizza. Uh, can't eat that cheese
I've been cutting out the cheese by the way lady and I think that's why I feel so much better
I think I have lactose intolerance
Because I eat like I said on Friday too much damn cheese. I eat cheese with everything
Cheese and cheese and cheese and of course cheese comes from milk. Do I drink milk? No, thank god for that
Because milk unlike beer milk is bad for you. That's what Rick and Fudds said milk is bad for you. Remember that song
Don't do it
Here's some bad news by the way
Which bluff just came in or handed me this memo
To Duff Lindsay from George Quarco carbon cocky cocky cocky to Greg Reed
I talked to the technical sales manager of a tele system this morning about the new telephone system that we ordered for neo-roggers
Shipping of this product is due the middle to end the February
This means we will not meet the Valentine's Day installation deadline
I will schedule installation of the system as soon as received says George Quarco are sometimes engineer
So we're gonna have it on February 14th as Greg Reed came in here and adamantly told us that absolutely positively right in your blood. No
And of course come March will be a year that we've been up here on the third floor in the studio and right from the get go right from the first day right out of the box
They say this phone system was a piece of pure crap wasn't working here. We are almost a year later
Maybe we can schedule a phone system to be in here the new phone system simultaneously
Well, then they finished a construction project up there
Would you notice that beautiful parkal board desk sitting out there that if you breathe too heavy, it's gonna fall apart
Nice going again Greg
We had we went to that break we had eight calls on the board there
Look to me like we're starting to build something really exciting here on a Monday and now there is one
All I can say is you people are lame ill a
AM
Real lame
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil morning. Yes, sir. I'm trying to shake off the lameness. This is pathetic
Yeah, I'm real concerned about the Catholic Church now that I think they're gonna lose membership big time. No, they're not
No, why is that what makes you say that they got to get the wafers from all these priests there with a's
Lord you can't confuse them with the truth nothing stops them. I mean we've known about that for years
It's not gonna stop them from going all the pedophiles and they don't care
They're so they're so goddamn brainwars. They can't drag themselves away
Well, can I talk about the pandas for a quick second about about
I was at the game the devil's game and and that's failed at debacle
I haven't seen anything worse than that since that avalanche game last year where they gave up the four nothing lead and lost
Burray five nothing five nothing
That was terrible. I got a message to all the people that want to jump on the bandwagon in April because I'm still with them
Um, you can't sit next to me. I can smell you a mile away or you bandwagon jumpers. Okay. I got to look for something else to do
Okay, I thought he was gonna break the trend of band call that didn't know what he said he was ready to do it
He was doing all right
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Is there anybody living it breathing out there today? And you know the interesting part of this whole deal
At least what it comes to this audience talk about liar liar pants on fire
You can talk about it because I know I'm expressing it from the way I feel about
This alien crap. It's disgusting and jica had a great column there that I read
But for the right of these people it's just something else for them to bitch about
And when you're not talking about that look at this deal here today
We have an at fifty five thousand hours of coverage over the weekend because there's nothing going on quite frankly
And hearing is like for uh 75 weeks away. So now these people are gotten no material. They love it. They thrive on it
You go through the editorial pages letter after letter after letter to the editor people 90% of these people will never write a letter to the editor
But now all of a sudden give some material in this otherwise terminal
hopeless place
Here's Naples hello
Hey good morning. Yes, sir.
Nathan Naples two comments me a love you show
Our second thing is let him know if you haven't tried it
Is the best thing in the world
It's down in the state my life one time. I couldn't eat without second toilet. Yeah, and it works
I don't have any problem. I'm feeling great
Problem at the moment. I've been out for 10 years. Our great and my life is I feel sensational. Yeah, that's way supposed to be by god
Second thing is if alien crap. I thought that was the second thing. Yes. How much
Are the taxpayers being charged for all this crap but all this going on?
Well, if you live in Naples probably you're not being charged any of them
The federal get involved all these people get involved that they keep all get paid for the job. Yeah, it's cost the taxpayers a bunch of money to this crap
It is and if rolls really burst
If let me ask you this the you know the INS people you're talking about those are the only federal people I can think of at this point
They're on probably a salary, you know they get paid
But I'll be doing anything or not. I'd be extra expensive
No, I don't think so. But um, I wouldn't worry about it. Yeah, I'm not okay. Stick with a med amuse will have a great day
They're doing that amuse a low for a nape. Let's hear it
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line any young ladies out there under the age of 40 Josh Darrow in our sports department
Would desperately like to get laid before midnight
Then make a difference with your hairy or grotesque least of your shave this morning
At least facial here anyway, or does make any difference like I said don't worry about it
Here's Hollywood hello, no, yes, sir. I got something maybe a little materially probably tired of hearing about it
But uh that John Rocker thing maybe really baseball. I've so it's good for critical
Meanwhile, they're upset about what he said, but meanwhile
When Native Americans go to teams like
You know cleave with an asking to clean up the image of their mascot
They say 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm playing some music today
I'm gonna sit back kick back put my feet up on the desk
Not eat anything gonna be on my best behavior. Joe won't be too happy about that. Well, what the hell could I eat anyway
Can't eat me can't eat cheese could have a nice salad maybe
But I don't want a god damn myself. I want any food. I don't am I hungry or no? Of course not
This business is coming here like some kind of an auto-comitant and just eating because I'm frustrated with a horse crap
Audience here this morning. Am I gonna do that? Oh, I'm gonna punish myself
Because I got a bunch of retard here with no material as usual in this fricking town
I should be used to that after 24 years. I should be while used to that plus. It's almost noon already
Before you know, we'll be right down out of here
You remarked my words you watch and what's that what is that another smoothie you're drinking there? Oh those are gonna kill you
Those are bad for you
Healthy stuff healthy stuff my ass. It's loaded with sugar, isn't it?
I guess
What it what do you mean you get this got good stuff on a two. It's like a healthy thing
It's like that's not like I mean it's where I think where did that come from
Where did it come from where did it from when it came where'd you get it smoothie king fort lauderdale
The smoothie king
They started the whole smoothie thing then where's that for you?
Wasn't for lauderdale for smoother king where on 17th street causeway. I know I went here
I'm the 17th street causeway you live in Fort Lauderdale
Yeah, are you out of your mind?
No, you live in Fort Lauderdale
Janina lives in Fort Lauderdale on I do there okay
But you don't live there. I thought you live in the Hollywood. Time to find oh no now we're talking
Now we're talking nice safe pepper pie. Do you think you're safe huh
Yeah
You're not so safe anymore East Pembroke pie oh thank god for that and then of course there's always
Pembroke lakes
No way to run nowhere to hide there's nowhere to go down here. It's just well
There's always plantation acres but don't come out where it's overloaded. We don't have a room for you
It's a beautiful place. We have no room left for you out there westbroward to stay the hell away
Not you. I'm not saying just generally speaking
Wake up with the first heat your road
Jeff DeParis and Steve O. C. Weed in morning to six only on sports radio 560 Q. A. M. Holy
How Aaron's coming they say that man he despises me
There's even talk about him hating me
I admit that's something I don't want to hear
What that's just talking to you prove it here
Oh
I'm taking a lot of them away
You're from here for care
I've got all from my stop with way really
So I need to find out if this lady's doing
So I need to know I need to know
I can't take for sure
The tricky margin will they fake my new music
No, I need to know
I can't take for sure
The tricky margin will they fake my new music
Oh
Okay, so this pretend you didn't hear that memo but I read about the phone system coming in because at the bottom
So you had to see that way down at the bottom of the page or nearly you wouldn't see that would you would anybody look at that in very like pale artsy
Farty not for broadcast and who the hell is your course of archief engineer to be writing memos about something like this and putting not for broadcast in the bottom of the memo anyway
Who the hell is he he's an asshole. Yeah
A year later after we came in here with a bogus phone system
I can remember months ago you were in there the one day that we were oh yeah
We're getting the new over putting the tell us but I mean
But I'm a he stood right in there with you George and me and a partner to the pair three did we ever get it? No
So quit trying to be macho boss and get something done mr. Corso that's what we like to have in this studio
It's a year later now. We still have a piece of crap a joke phone system
We're laughing stock of the technical industry and you're writing memos not for broadcast also not for broadcast by the way
We have a commercial come up for a place that I like a lot
But do we have any copy for no because Gary Sarner well raised downstairs working on is what the judges told me
He's working on it. How about the copy?
That's you oh
It's just say I guess everybody else. Why should I have
Finger these people so to speak why should I put the finger with them?
I guess that's the reason that everybody else is all screwed up. It was a big super bowl weekend
I had to go to Joe's birthday party get busted by the car
Watch uh, what's his name?
Uh, whatever his name is
I hear something because Hank calls all these people these ridiculous names all the time
It's very difficult for me even though I've been here for 500 years to figure out what their real names are, you know
Like Clarence do we have anybody here named Clarence? No, no, we don't
And stew gots who the hell was telling me that there must have been the hockey game if he doesn't stop calling
Isn't that weiner that he calls stew got if he doesn't stop stop calling him stew got
That they're gonna like uh do something drastic like a pee on the floor or something if he doesn't stop doing that
And I sure don't want to pee on his parade, but cut it out Hank
Still gots and what does that mean anyway? Who is stew got
It's like Italian slang for my
penis
Oh
I see weiner well, I'm trying I'm trying to put this all together
I'm trying to reason this out you know winning doubt reason of that stop doing it, Hank
Irritable ball syndrome may begin with painful past somebody faxes me
The cause of irritable ball syndrome has baffled knockers over time, but a study's author suggested I just have this order a symptomatic of
Emotional abuse. Oh, yeah
In other words a Ka wqa and disease
Yeah, this is in USA today. This is today's paper by the way talk about timely see when I get something
It's timely. I don't do it like it's some odd ball time. I get it when everybody's talking about it
Like diarrhea. That's right
Next time you find everybody in town talking about diarrhea. I'm gonna be sitting right there on the throne
Having a wicked bout you mark my words and like I told you Ray was down there working out
I told it no problem with three minutes to spare whatever was five minutes
Because Gary Sarner of course he's an asshole. We already know that
Thank you so much excellent
Which of course gives me a lot of time to look at over two here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Yeah, I've got
Think about that church as a Catholic church. I'm up here in West Palm and
Was up in Chicago they have the
Catholic church diocese having an egg commercial
Yeah
Okay, well, what what is going on with these phones here today? What what is it what is happening here?
All I can say is yeah
Yeah
That's about the third time that's happened on that line
Nice going there George Corso. Although by the way that comment is not for broadcast
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here sunrise hello
I'm thinking anything this anyway. Yes, sir. Yes, still got really means crazy like in Brooklyn
I used to say what are you still got?
So that's it. Hey, wouldn't it been great if like alien at half time came out? No
5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm playing the music here. I'm not they're gonna press this. What's the point they have no material today?
They've got nothing going
And if nothing else at least the alien thing is you say now what if one is going on sitting these lines screwed up maybe
Because I don't want to assume because I don't want to get started with that. Oh, no, that would be bad
On a Monday
Especially after meeting that middle of the wasn't supposed to be broadcast from our chief a our crack engineer
Who's right on top of this year later and can't get a finger on it back. Oh, no, this group
That would be bad because this line of me sounds like it may be screwed up and what to get for about this 4,000 times
Although I'm not going to get the least bits sarcotic about it. I'm sitting here screaming and yelling and bitching out the audience
And maybe it's not their fault. Oh, maybe there were some calls on there
Because I think somebody's dicking around with our phone again here today the way it looks to me
Somebody's dicking with it and the phone too
Here's a mobile and for lottery. Hello. Good morning. God. Yes, sir
Questions for you first one if I live in southwest Wolpen, manners that make me gay. Yes
figures
You see the commercials the promos for the show where they're talking about dealing
The spinal cord injuries and you see Superman walking and like that
That's spot was awful. That spot was pathetic. Yes, but you know it
I mean that that that I mean that was so fake with all the technology that they've got today
With all the digital equipment that they've gotten all the things that they can do with movies
I mean that was so pathetic. That was the most obvious. It looked like Godzilla with a Chris Reeves head on it
Would you have to be nice if they could really do it? I
Understand but what what does that have to do with the spot
That's true. The spot was tragic. It was almost as bad as the Muhammad Ali spot
Yeah, that was off that was I like you to come back and play
That was funny my comment is this what everybody donating money to find cures for this and that
Why can't they donate enough money and find a cure so we can get that dang bill call their office dead asses back to work
560
560
On the 18 to wireless line. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. How you doing?
Hey, um, stugats means um up yours in a canyon. I think that guy is wrong
So I think I hope so I was waiting to tell you that okay, thanks
I don't want to know what it means. I don't want a conversation about stugats. Do you understand? No, let me say it again
I don't give an f what it means. Okay, you got it. I don't care
I just mentioned it in passing like leejay cob in the exorcist father paranoia. I just mentioned it in passing about all the priest with age
Wow, this is special someplace special for crap here. It is 560
You know, I come in this morning. I shouldn't know them because I come in this morning
I usually take a gander with that phone in there and there were like only one two lines ever lived the most time at a sports
And I thought, gee, this is the day after the Super Bowl and you do understand why don't you even though this isn't a sports show now that the football season is officially over
That's it like somebody pulled a plug
Somebody told the guy damn plug and we didn't even talk about football much on this show or sports
But now these people are desperately interested
They only wish they pray that maybe aliens daddy would come over on the plane today and land away the airport
And we could like get back into that heavy duty again
Give them something something to their Nashon
Nashon or speaking of something to Nashon. Let's see if I just keep talking about it pretty soon
It'll be two o'clock and then there won't be any food here
You have to segue you have to do things in intermediate steps. This is part of my three step program as in step away from the food
Now the first one was on Friday which I didn't step away very good because we had the godfather's pizza
It was very good not as good as the kittabin, but it was good
And I'm sure it's much better when you go there in person over there on Davie uh road extension right by the head station
Now the next thing is you talk about it but you don't actually order it and get it in here
And then third thing is you forget all about it you doing it in increments
So it's like the detoxification it's like the g-a course we're gonna have for the sports nerds in there to get him off that gambling j
First you talk about if they don't pay up the book. He's gonna come in here and break the legs
Secondly, he actually had the bookie come in the building and put it on the air
To break their legs which I think would be great
And then maybe uh to try to you know to try to curry a little bit of favor maybe then clearance can suck on the bookies lag a little bit
And kind of that was really special
That was great
Here's the mobile and four-lotterdale hello
Wanted ill
Gross she couldn't even keep up with the music she was uh she was what's thinking you know she was at halftime
She was
She was
That crap no at least I was glad to see that we didn't have glorious stuff from the deal with this year. Yeah, no
We have Christina Aguilar instead who weighs about 18 pounds by the way in fact I'll tell you how scrawny she is
She was on there within mique who uh did look very good it looked very pretty me, but he's scrawny
And she made him look like you know heavy duty she she she she what she went about six pounds Christina Aguilar and also can sing for Schmidt
She is so weak and they're guys who think that she's a hot number like what's his name?
They're on the TRL on the MTV Carson daily supposedly that's his squeeze how can you squeeze it when a way is like two pounds
You know that's his squeeze. I thought he was dating love hewitt Jennifer love hewitt
No supposedly was Christina Aguilar
This guy gets all the hotpads he stinks
Yeah, he's he's he pisses me off that whole show you know
At least much music they play a lot of good videos and number two they play the videos
And they don't have all these pucky little kids. Oh hi
This is Jennifer and I'm dying to hear where the best eight boys. I got my finger all the way up my rectum, you know in the middle of yeah
Just play the video. I mean they only play like 10 videos anyway in MTV and then they got a faded
Oh, here's number one. Here's the most popular one in the world
They play about a minute of it and then they got a faded down in the background so Carson can come on to her play mr. Big shot
That's a bad bad bad bad channels that MTV
Once they took Abe off of there on that road rules
I said to them okay. I once they started spreading those rumors about my buddy Tom green
Since the only show they only show like four-time green shows anyway the same one over and over again
It's like the videos same one's over and over again
Which that's one thing about road rules if you see somebody on there you like you don't have to worry because another couple of months
They'll be back anyway. Let's show it again
Here's hi alia. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. Okay first thing
Continue with the commercials. There was one for Zach comments where he's like some guy
You know he's talking out loud, but you see him sitting down. He's like what if I get hurt
What if I break my back break my face or something and then will you help me?
It's like I get the end of the commercial. He finally walks up from the wheelchair
Real sad real sad thank God I missed that. Oh, I know it. It wasn't on the super boy
I think they've been running it like
Well, that's the one. That's the same. I thought it was a different one. He's described it's the same one. Yeah, okay
That's not twice and it was just as bad each time
Oh, guys like every time probably the best thing to do is watch the super ball of mute because there's nothing really to listen to
Yes, they watch the boomers start opening up his push those guys were so drunk at the beginning of the game
There wasn't even funny. They were not the hell that we're talking about
Let's see anything else. No shameless request. Neil
Swalk in two joints, please no
56705 60 pound you're right about the colors. Oh, I got to say no after vacation. I'm just I'm getting rid of the callers permanently
They're going on permanent vacation
They're awful. They're they're an impediment to my life and impediment to my success. They're an impediment to this program
They're an impediment to the listeners enjoyment of the program
Can I hear a smoke to the joints? I'm going to be good a jack-in-a-box young Neil and
What's the one I'm not right to do can I hear those no no?
Absolutely
Positively the answer is no emphatically no you forgot the bridge tender and the bridge can I hear the bridge tender?
26 after 11 at 560 WQ I am
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it
Gober weekday afternoons at two sports radio 560 Q a f
embarrassment what a joke
Tonight on ABC is who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire?
Okay, here's your question if you see a black man running down the street
He will be carrying a
Analympic torch
Be a relay baton or see a tv set. What is your answer?
It's the game show where ordinary right-wing extremists can win millions to fund the overthrow of the government
Who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire tonight on ABC?
1131 at 560 WQ I am
Grammar speak up about a problem that 20% of adults endure Kelsey and Camille grammar. They're the poster children for
Cyria
Isn't that something that most of us aspire to be something?
Postage children for bad bowel movements. Yeah
In fact, my I'm what I'm going to do is walk around and around my neck. I'm going to have like a toilet seat
Of a very badly stained toilet seat around my neck. You know kind of like emphasize. I know it's a little bit tasteless
great to keep you on your diet though
They're the postage children for a topic. It says in USA today that most people would rather keep behind a closed bathroom door irritable
Bowel
See like I said when I get something I do it at just the right time
20% of adults are enduring our suffering desperately from
crap
Bad crap
It says there are so many people who suffer alone and they shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it
This Camille grammar was diagnosed about three and a half years ago
But it's dealt with the problem for more than seven years
The star of phrasier during the cost of support is wife of almost three years
This is something couples have to deal with together
Especially when she cut loose and bed
I said
There were times I thought she was going to die because I'd see the pain she was in I was scared for her health
Irritable ballacendrom often alternates between constipation and diarrhea usually coupled with abdominal pain
Yeah, and bloating
Oh, by the way, guess what else causes gas and bloating is that damn stuff is a gear that prave call dr. Dick prave call
One of the side effects abdominal bloating and cramps
And as much as I would like to say it's the QAM-stressed it caused my ibs. I would write don't think so
I think it's that prave call you stick with that macawly
Kilmer call a book whatever that book is and you'll be okay
Get your homo level way down. Get your heart all strength enough take that coke you ten and just say no
I'm what was that
Did I touch the phone? No
No
Again line eight. That's the third time that's happened in a week
Just went on spontaneously
Now that's not for broadcast you understand but it's just one on by itself
Did I touch it? No was I near it? No, I think it about it. No
So you can write all the memos you want mr. Corso
But the fact is that between you and Greg reading all the other hot shots around this doing what you put together in here
I wouldn't wish on a goddamn dog a dead one on the original lassie
Who's busy pushing up daisies?
Oh, yeah, this is some operation man. I just mentioned that in passing
I wouldn't want to discourage anybody from of course participating in that thing that we can't talk about
You know because we're in the quiet period you know the one I'm talking about
Don't need to stick it off with a lot of beasley
But anybody that thinks that this is a real broadcast company boy you need a serious lobotomy. We can get you good discount rate
Here's Kendall hello. Oh, they all right. Yes, they're great
My my theory on sister O'Loughlin their president of very University
Good your genius sister genius. She I think she had a change of hard regarding Ilyon and I believe that was
After she realized her mansion on Miami Beach maybe substituted for a for a vowel poverty of she obsessed the large Cuban Catholic community here in
In Dave County, but she got a bad case of IBS or herself
Once you realize hey, maybe I shouldn't be on that side of the issue if you know the the Cubans are all Catholic and that's a good part of my
You know, yeah, her story sounded pretty bogus to me. Oh, yeah, and by the way you know this janitor Reno
Wasn't by it in that interest. Oh, I know I know I'm breaking my sister gene got off the plane Janet was there to greet her and
I'd like I said Friday Janet said something smells fishy here
She did like an instant psychological analysis of this these grandmother's when they weren't
Her house for like just about two hours all of a sudden she came to the conclusion
I guess that this kitchen state and the fact that the nuns were out there sitting in a hallway and monitoring and people kept running in and out to make sure
Who was saying this and who was saying that I mean that wouldn't make anybody nervous of course she knows where her bread is butter
Thanks to the good news. Yes, sister gene your full of crap. Okay, sweetheart cut the ballooning
And like I've said 50 million times you want him in here. See the only they've turned off everybody
That's the thing
You idiot you fools you
First of all by concerning with these guy they militant organizations and all these obnoxious people who are despised by all and
Secondly by keeping the three-ring circus and initially by threatening to shut the whole goddamn town down you pissed everybody off
If they went ahead any brains of any kind of grace any kind of common sense
Any sense of community in the beginning. Oh my gosh the whole family wanted to come here
The father applied for an exit visa from Cuba. He wants this kid to be here
There'd be no problem. I think anybody with a brain would say okay, let him stay here and let's go out with life
Yeah, that's right
But no because they've alienated say oh, I shouldn't say that they alienated so many of us
We just want to get rid of them just get rid of the story just go away sweet art
Don't take it personal but go away. We don't want to hear about yours. I wouldn't be surprised if he winds up with ibs
Because I know that that american family has they sure got the bs part
And the crowd that's outside in front of the house they got the
Parts to put in front of the bs
Here's poppano hello
Good morning now. Yes, sir
That issue sucks. I hate listening to it. I don't want to listen to it anymore
Yeah, listen
I don't know if you saw this commercial yesterday, but they're willing to sky into the hospital on a gurney on a stomach
And they bring him in and they put him in the emergency room and then
There's all these people look around and they lift up the sheet and they go this guy's got money coming out of the wazoo
Did you see that one? No, it was so funny money come out of his
Of his wazoo. Yeah, and it was it was for like an e-trade commercial or something like that. It was really really funny
Um Joe saw he said the marginal week very weak really oh, I thought it was great. He said it was stunk
All right, Joe well then that's too bad. I mean, that's just his opinion
I mean it doesn't make her right, but he generally knows about these things. He said it sucked
All right, well, it's fun
Um, listen, how's that guy trim and clearing doing from the Canadian
He's got a kid with a part of the pro he'll be all right. He'll be all right
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised he plays Wednesday against the panthers here. Oh really? No, no, he's not gonna play
And yeah, what about that guy that got hurt on the Titans yesterday? What happened to him?
All I'm the best part of that is Kurt Warner came over and prayed for him. Was that now white of him? That was very nice
Well, what happened? I never heard one more word about I never did either game was over you never heard about that
I mean small potatoes. We can't be worried about him. Do you hear anymore about it next strain next strain
He was not unconscious. He felt a shooting pan down his back so he lay motionless just in case just in case
I think he's got ibs is what he's got right have a great taster
Probably stained his jock strap five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the itt and t
What is it itt and t boardroom with Howard B. L. and the mid-bady
Well, I was feeling so good this morning when I came and I was on top of the world. I felt great now
I feel
That's not really sure the verdict is still out five six seven oh five sixty
How's that line forward doing by the way? I'm curious about that one
Because I would hate to point that out for five minutes but all kinds of problems in the end that would be very bad
Then I'd have to start reading memories that see nothing broadcast in the bottom for my engine here to probably make them
Yeah
Yeah
The near Roger show will be on tape until further notice till we get a real phone system here
I think that's a way to do it just just haven't played the tapes. I'll record the spots
Take about a six-week vacation at least they're gonna get it done in six weeks. No
But I just mentioned you again
I know I'm not gonna read the memo because it said not for broadcast
But I just heard a rumor rattling around the building that that the phone system will not be in here on Valentine's day
When we were promised absolutely crossed my heart and hope to croak a wicked death by Greg Reed
Won't we promise that is it gonna happen? No, no, I just heard that going around. I think our PD told me that
You know PD
But Neil Roger show sports radio five sixty
You hey enough for the stocking if you haven't been watching the new hit show action on the face network
Here's what you've been missing
All of the foul language that gets edited out of network television is here on the station that happened network at best
Oh
So what you've been wasting your time watching prime time shows that don't say
Then you're a total
Watch your calendar and watch the face network action everyone think with a rest of your life or at least until it gets canceled next week
Okay, jerky and don't miss two new shows coming to the face network. It's the premiere of
Q and go fuck yourself. Well, guess what?
two men
It's 1144 at five sixty WQ I'm Hank will be doing a show from Vegas today
I guess so when Hank is on we'll find out about that new national airlines because I'm sure that's what he went out there for to get to preview
Right am I right he went out there to get to preview plus he could plunge as long as I'm a super bowl out there in Vegas
Legally without having to go to jail like most of these sports there is in the other room are gonna be gulman
They have when they bust this place pretty soon
That's gonna be our office pool by the way this could be nippin tuck who's gonna get busted first George at the swing club
Or the sports there is here with your bookie that's gonna be nippin tuck that's gonna be very very tight one
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. My bed's gonna be on the sports nerds getting picked up before George. Yeah
Little Ricky Sanchez has made his career into the days of
Brown those in the brown shirts down there in Miami have been involved in stuff after that. It was Alberto Sanchez
Yeah, we haven't even two that's right old news. We talked about that on Friday and it's very terminal and very boring and old news and have a great life
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T wireless line
Stale is last centuries
Hot tamales man
That's the material we're hearing today stale old and tired weak really weak you can smell it
Here's Miami hello
Miami
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. Okay. I was watching CNN
this morning and they had a poll of the best-run cities and
Phoenix, Arizona got an a Phoenix is a horrible place. Yeah, not a place out there who knows who's running the police sucks
At anyways, uh, if you're a right wing will fart about a hundred years. I'm a Democrat. Well, you know, anyways, my brother
I asked my brother what my image you get
You know, I said well, I said they should probably should get next and he turned around looked at me said
Yeah, that's going far
Are you there? Yeah, I'm here
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
I mean this those of you who may be visiting our fair city today, which I can't imagine why anybody would be here
But if you're from out of town what you're hearing today is why most of us would desperately like to get out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
This is really special today. I thought i would be with the place remember those days. Uh-huh someplace special for crap
This is special
Maybe we got some of those old i would eat jingles as old someplace special for uh, whatever you used to say
Uh, gee like like uh this
All right
What reminds me by the way here's a very bright guy a
Miramar man who was under house arrest awaiting trial on a murder charge was arrested last week after undercover police posing as federal express employees
Delivered 20 pounds of pot to the man the location that was not his house. Oh
Leonard Lee Roy Brown
Oh, I love that name Leonard Lee Roy Brown
29 of the uh whatever block of south-west 20th Street in Miramar was not supposed to leave his home while he was waiting to be tried on the charge of
Secondary murder he was wearing a house arrest bracelet on his ankle said Miramar polis captain Douglas Jacobi Jacobi
Police were alerted to the possibility of drugs too. They buy employees at the FedEx office in Miramar
They brought narcotics drug to check out suspicious packages and got a search warrant the dog sniffed out 20 pounds of pot
Detected as posing as delivery men took the package to Miramar addressing the 7,000 block of south-west 38th court not knowing who would claim it
They found a note that requested the package be left there police left and watched to see who would show up
It was brown police said big bad uh Leonard Lee Roy Brown
He was arrested on charges of possession of marijuana with the intent to distribute possession of marijuana over 20 pounds and possession of account of its social security card
It was charged with secondary murder in April of 1998
Police said he shot someone at an apartment complex in East Miramar less than a month later
He pleaded not guilty of the charges at least from jail on a $50,000 bail is attorney couldn't be reached for no comment yesterday
Brown was taken back to jail after his arrest this time with no bail
Miramar sergeant George Pearson who supervises the homicide investigation said it's possible that Brown had been doing whatever he please
Well under house arrest if he's coming and picking up marijuana he could have been doing anything he said
Would have a little break a bracelet on his uh thing whatever was
How do you like that? Oh, he did was go to pick up his weed. Is there anything wrong with that? No, leave the man alone
Murder charge you might consider that a little bit later on but if a man wants to go get his 20 pounds a week what does wrong with that
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless my don't mess with big bad Leonard Lee Roy Brown. I'll pay that right now
Here's four buyers. Hello
Neil guy. Yes, sir
Neil I was driving around today and uh, I was noticing all the old people on the road and I came to a little ditty
I'd like to sing to you if you would allow me about not old people
Little this little business hip hop man. It's called a million-year-old millionaire
I'm a million-year-old millionaire got the Lincoln Continental with the ice cold air got the curbs dealers and the continental kit and the adult diapers because I can't control my shmit
I'm cruising around town my foot light on the throttle with my frank Sinatra and my oxygen bottle
Got my polyester pants and my wrap around shades with the sound feeding back in my hearing aids
Yeah, I'm a silver fox. I'm bed as a bone if the vapour rub is my favorite cologne
Yeah, I'm a million-year. I'm a big shot. So you better not park in my handicap spot
Thanks. All right. I'm standing very good
I give it about a two and a half on a scale eight not too bad
Five six and certainly beach on the other colors we've had today
And all the way over to four buyers to come up with that
Something's got something a little bit original not a great singing job. I'd never less. Uh, he ain't no professional
eight seven seven eight five sixty three fourty five makes me uh Jones for some pizza from godfather's just hearing that
Not that we're getting any don't get your hopes up. It's just uh Jones for it
Where's that menu again? Of course, I gotta wish stuff on a way home and give me a bacon cheeseburger pie
I said to uh Joe this morning. I said well the bacon cheeseburger is what we should have gotten
You said you mean getting from a pizza place a bacon cheeseburger. You don't owe your godfathers man
That's a pizza bacon cheeseburger pizza humble pie pizza at least one thing about these people
Is know they were vanished from the scene for a long time. They still have the original same stuff
There's only one godfather that I know and that's because they didn't vanish from the scene other living and breathing places
For example if you look around the state they're in Tampa. They were in a two in Jacksonville or lando
Kissimmee
Wesley chapel barbara hell that is where's Wesley chapel eight one three that must be the one by four buyers
They're in Brandon
Nicolmas. There's one of my favorite places
Clear water and now in Davie and of course all over the country with the headquarters
I think the uh wasn't the CEO or Schwarzer from this company. I do believe
I think so
A darkie
Here's a maple maple with New Jersey call hello
Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
Yeah, I just want to say prae jesus and god bless current Warner and I hope him is wife dies slow stomach cancer. Yeah
Let me ask you over here for me. Uh, yesterday. Well, uh, did he George a monkey? No, you didn't hear that no
Michael's trying to try to round it out. Uh-huh
That was great maple with New Jersey, huh? He's probably like right up there in 441 in monkey town
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 877 7 8 5 63 45 and our famous real out of town line not for airs. That's out of town like that
Here's a mobile in four that's like that mobile in Sweden. We hit last week mobile in four-larterdale. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir. You guys talking about godfather's pizza to the pizza joint from the 80s. Yeah
They left here in Florida
Why don't I just get through saying are we listening to the show? I was on hold. I'm sorry
There's one in Davie. Yes, I'm dead by Davie road extension right by next to the Hestation connected to it
You know, really how long has it been there about two minutes? Yeah, have you ever tried that big sloppy for mommy subs?
No
She go through a drive and say you want a big sloppy, you know, you feel all silly. Uh-huh
Okay, thanks
Put a clearance on that assignment, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. She was at least very attractive
Yeah, so what does that mean? At least he's got some taste
Wasn't some big that's not the point the point is here he goes to your birthday party everybody's wasted
It's obviously a wild scene somebody has to call it cops a good time was head by some and he's like a sucker on some of the six arm and that's a highlight of his night
Yeah, oh
But then I bet you was so first ready when got home called his bookie and bed another 500 on the Super Bowl. Oh, I'm going there clearance
Very very tragic keep people think I'm making this stuff up. I'll give you another example
Remember our friend Corey saving his over there for Myers right now. Corey was a good looking guy with no hair
But nevertheless he looked pretty good
Couldn't get laid
Couldn't get laid in the French warehouse
Here's Papa will be chill. Hey Dave Weinzen is master of puppets
Yeah
Sounds like Muhammad Ali from that spot
5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's Miami hello
Yeah, I got a quick question about the IBS you were talking about earlier question about it
Yeah, I actually have heard about it before but I never really paid too much attention and the symptoms that you were saying
That's totally me for like the whole past year
Yeah, I'll just try to find out if you knew if there's any where I could get any information on it
Like on the web or anywhere that you know sure just look under irritable balsam
Or look under schmitz what are you laughing about
Why are you laughing?
Oh
Sir
Yes, what's funny about it?
Nothing funny about why are you laughing?
I've never had it because I was looking for a little bit of answer to that
You said is there a place to find something out on the internet?
I said look under irritable balsam when you'll find pages and pages of stuff on it
You can look in USA today today sir on page whatever pages and they're holding article about it on the health and behavior thing
Oh, okay, see that's what I was looking for USA today
Right
Already
Pay 10 d
And d d d isn't dumb d
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only 18 but you see look at this. It's noon already
noon already just like like that
410 it'll be 2 o'clock the pizza from Godfathers will be here and screw these bastards
Yeah, I say we call them up. What are you saying?
Know what
You're just trying to bait me into saying yes, so you can say you know you want to say yes
Let me ask you do you want one or not?
Don't give me an answer. Don't give me a politically correct answer
Would you like a pizza from Godfather's day? Our buddy Scott over there. He said anytime
Because I don't think we did justice them on Friday by having a poor kid came over here got lost in the where he was going
Here's a good guy. It was a great guy while I'm not playing with him somebody gave him bum directions
He was a very good guy and he stood here with his put a glove on. I thought that was impressive
Put an on a nice rubber glove before he handled our medicine our
cheese and our meat and what's wrong with putting a nice glove on before he handles somebody's meat
But I think the super combo sounds really good to me
Huh? Why are you staring me like that
Because you want it and you then I don't you think I'm gonna blame it if I get sick from it
Did I get sick from the stuff on Friday? No, no, I'm not I'm not like some kind of an invalid now
That was your cheat day though for the whole week. Yeah
Well, that's not for broadcast though
What yeah nice going so I guess you just talk yourself. I'll give you the number during the break for my
It's still known at 560 QAM
This is 560 QAM
Wake up with the first team no
Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein no
Dehoring to sex only on fourth radio 560 QAM
oh
I
Mean oh
The manager will get angry
And we are too black-wing traffic in the street
We know that children are getting strong
They go island
But with the most important people in our minds
ALEI
Say the G-Z
ALEI
ALEI
ALEI
Say the G-Z
ALEI
ALEI
ALEI
We unite and fight for human causes
Not you with the news cameras red flashing light
Action!
Action!
Yes, we are the most important people in our minds
For you who love us
At least that's part of North-South
My everyday county line
201-560-WQM
I noticed Michael Puthney was conspicuously missing yesterday from his post at 1130 on Channel 10 or whatever time that morning Sunday morning shows on an awful abortive thing of his and there was some other bozo on there
With Armando Gutierrez propagandizing
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, the same old tired cram
Probably Michael is in hiding in Burrain embarrassment after Tomas worked a lot on me to full lot of money over there tonight
I don't blame him Mike
So anyway, Carl Hyacin says planted ALEI on but I'm not going to read it on here
Same
Great editorial, let's go on air, Carl
Great column
But I'm not going to read because it says basically the same thing that we all know
56670560-WQM
Yes, Neil
Oh, geez, you got me cold
Well, you're in order and pizza from Godfather's now, I told him not to but he is anyway
I got a question for you now, is that a separate place Godfather's that attached to something?
To the head station
To the head station because you got me fired up but that's where you get the better gas
That's right to the head
You know, I was so disappointed, I went to Tampa to visit a couple of friends and there wasn't Godfather's up at Tampa
I was full of our yes
Yeah, and I just got shut out and I was so disappointed because
What do you mean you're out shut out, they closed the windows?
No, I called the camera at 10.30 from a hotel
I closed at 10.30 that night and I thought I was never going to get a chance at this great golf office pizza
2860 Davie Road Extension
Right by 5.95, you know what the hell is that?
Big boy is there a big boy there or something that they used to be anyway
There's big boy, you're bad
Yeah, bad boy, big boy
No problem, I'll find the 2060-960
I'll find the big guy
Right by Davie Road in 5.95, there's a Miami-Subs on the other side of the street
Now, you know, if I get to what subjects about this damn game, I mean they think because it's a good finish that the game was good all around for me
No, not
The game was a marginal ball
Yeah, it was very weak until the last quarter
The last quarter is terminal
Five times in the Red Zone St. Louis who does nothing but scored it
Yeah, as it Bruce dropped that ball going into the end zone, he smiled and running back that up all in the end
But didn't he catch the pass and scored the wedding touchdown though?
Yeah, he called the pass and scored the touchdown
And that's the thing that's finally shown me when that guy, Bishop got carried off
And he had Tony Dorstett's kid who can't defend anybody
That's right
That's right
Why didn't they stick to the air?
Why were they so sick headed that they thought they were going to run?
Dick Vermeal wanted to give this game away, basically
Yeah, that's true
And it's amazing and current war and a praise in God's making me sick
I mean, I'm tired and it is
Don't cause any think there's anybody on Tennessee that wants to praise God's name
No, only only Curtin Isaac, man
And the only guys that got the bat line
They got the bat line and the sideline
And of course you have to wonder if they got the bat line, how come Curt Warner's wife had that battle with cancer
And it looks like that with an awful, ducky haircut because you're here to grow back
How come? How come I'm not the Curt Warner?
Because that's that's part of him being a messenger sent down by God
Oh, that's true, I forgot
Just so it'll like read you why with that powerful living commercial
Right
Not to send out for a book, but if you order, you have to start your personal relations with God
You got it
And please deal with it in closing
Get somebody beat the crap at once
I mean, we lose a game that ensures you will one second left
And the capitals won a game Friday night to get Phoenix
So that goes with no time left and overtime
But then Curt Warner, did you get that?
I'm filling off the S-D-A-2
Nothing
I'm not going very much
I love it
I love it
Nice going to our crap at all
I don't like either team, but boy, I hate to fly
I just spies the flyers
They make me want to bar, they make me nauseous
And even with big number 25, we used to be 55
Even with the key's pre-molliner, didn't they get shut out?
Yeah
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Boyton V, chill out
Hey, how are you doing? Great
Hey, I'm tired of few of these things
The commercials that you're putting on a Super Bowl, what's up?
There's more commercials than there is, you know, flip-off playing games
That's all over now, though, so it's all over, you know
Yeah, it is all over, but I mean, it's getting ridiculous
It's just in preces every year, you know
Promos incessant promos, and promos, and commercials, and breaks, and it's a mirror
You know, only because the game was actually moving along itself in terms of penalties and so on
The game didn't last till midnight
That's true
Well, you know, these gas prices are going up $1.68 down, and I'm paying for gas, it's ridiculous
It's going to be $2 a gallon soon
These people don't know what they're going to be getting into here soon
What's all the prices of everything just, it's skyrocketing
I'm just tired of it
I call my broker right now and sell everything I had
Jesus Christ, everybody's buying Japanese cars
Everywhere you look
Okay, I'll see if they have station, okay?
I don't know what their gas prices are, but they're right by Godfather
Yeah, the dial is up 11 points, let's hear it! Is that going to last?
No
Now, in an SDC, oh, in SDC take another pummeling down 137
You remember that expression?
What was it? Something exuberance, irrational exuberance
Remember that way Alan Greenspan was talking about well, you don't because you don't have any stock
Anyway, that was like a way back when, irrational exuberance he was afraid of, and then everybody started selling their stock
Now we've got irrational hysteria, whatever the opposite of irrational pessimism
And so this one little report comes out, or they don't like this statistic in a right way, AHHHHH like that
And of course the whole, no, seriously, the whole economy, you've seen the pictures there, especially the commodity markets
And they're all running, AHHHHH, I SHOOTED OUT IT!
Like that
And that's what the whole economy is all about, and then these clowns come on here like real intellectuals
And they have all these great pseudo-intellectual conversations, like there's a rational thing going on there
And they're not! Craziness
Terrifying, but the dial is up 14 points, let's hear it!
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T line, so what are friends that Godfather say?
Were they somewhat taken aback?
They weren't happy, they'll have it here just after two
That's a joke, one o'clock
One o'clock, and now that they know the way, there's no excuse, right?
Although they may be sending somebody different, I don't know
No JR, it's JR is coming, that's our boy JR!
He knows the place, he knows how to get here
Never stole a free train at JR
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T on a desperate Monday, the worst in recent memory
And you better not knock that alien on, okay?
Because if we're for him what we've been talking about the last two months, nothing
Sir, it's scary, just stop and think about it, if we're for all of this crap
What do we've had anything going on here?
No! You got Jimmy and Danny and Alien on, and that's it!
That's all you got here in this town, so if you're from out of town
And you want to have a conversation with somebody, it better be about Jimmy, Danny, Davy or Alien
And otherwise they'll look at you with a blank look under face and go
Like what you'll be talking about man, here's a mobile in Melbourne, hello?
Hey Neil!
Yes sir!
Go back to Canada, you jubin!
Yeah, okay, great one, 14 minutes and 12 seconds course on our time, great material
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T line, here's a mobile in Pinecrest, hello?
Hello, Neil, how are you?
Okay, first of all I'm glad to be getting out of this Schmidt hole, I'm going to Toronto for the first time
And I've heard it's really nice.
Let me tell you something, about three years ago I had a colorectal problem
And it's good enough to be they can clone disease, so they claim they've proven...
It was what?
Crown disease.
Crowns, yeah.
You know, irritable colitis.
I once worked for Lou Crohn at W.S. News, I had Crohn's disease, still out of there.
Yeah, well at any rate, they've proved and they've prodded and they ran more tests
than it was just a horrible experience, but they found out what it was and they stopped Schmidt in the bed
and they put me on a medication called ASECAL.
Yeah, and it worked and it formed things up so they became...
I'm so sorry that you told me that because now there's going to be 600 old farts calling in.
What was that medication? You never even write it down, Joe, we didn't hear you, whatever you said, not believe it.
The only one I think.
What is it?
I wish you a nice day.
Oh, I have a nice still life, okay.
Look at that, the Dow is up 32 points.
Let's hear it for the guy named Dow.
Not that it means anything.
The psychologically makes you feel just a little better.
Yeah, this way till about 230 when it starts going like that.
Hey, if you've been going like that too much, you better go to the lights of West Boca, but not have too many.
And you know, Peter Leonard brought in a bunch of stuff again this morning.
That idiot Peter Leonard, I'm going to fix his ass real good very soon, believe you may.
Kim Polka for talk sport.
Oh, yeah, right here.
I'm supporting you 560 QAM.
Oh, no, the football.
Play it through here.
Play it through the Cleveland grounds.
You got a bag of diva and the jost is behind it through the neighborhood.
All the ground.
Oh, I'm going to get you out of the game.
I'm tempted to put the weight you need.
I'm saying all is well, I'm going to throw you hell.
It's all up, you're tearing me up, you fool.
I need to pay a fast pay for that one and go to the ground.
Don't you dare to bring all the ground.
Be in an NFL block.
If you never hear the jail say a lot, check it out, baby.
Every small, strange child, they're my bad and criminal they did like.
Now if you can catch the ball and run with the ball, the rate of murder, they're all right.
As long as they can feel the bleachers, and fill out some of his games.
Who cares who gets rid of his bad make-and-honey and the land is like you do the weight.
He depends on the time or the end of the ground.
Who would get ready for the end of the ground?
Be in an NFL block.
Be in an NFL block.
Be in an NFL block.
Be in an NFL block.
1213 is 560 WQM, so he sucked on her arm.
That's when she said, no, Adios, sucked on her arm.
Not the classiest move I've ever heard of in my life.
He was going to well up to that point.
Up until he got to the arm.
Well, all the pins, where he started.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
He wirelessed live.
Here's a lady in Davie.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, this is Bonnie. How are you?
Okay, Bonnie.
I love your show.
Of course, what's not to like, Bonnie?
That's true. You're on it.
Hey, you're talking about the Godfather's Pizza.
Have you ever tried John the Baker in Pembroke Pines?
No.
The best pizza.
Mm-hmm.
You sound interested.
Well, I'm clothing. Could you play Gun Joby Good?
No.
Thanks.
Have a nice day, Bonnie.
Thanks. Bye-bye.
Woo!
Let's talk pizza shops. Come on.
No. Okay.
Let's talk about the diarrhea.
No. Let's talk about that drug that I was talking about for his crone disease.
No.
Wow.
5, 6, 7, 8, let's face it.
It's a boring place. Okay.
I mean, if I really had something really revolutionary to tell you what's going on here, I tell you about.
Is there anything going on?
No.
We got that new answer primary tomorrow night.
And why, you know, it is Bill Bradley.
I got to admit.
Isn't it amazing how they brainwashed the public that convinced all of us, even somebody as usually sharp as me,
that Al Gore had no chance of beating George Bush.
Okay, George UW.
So, okay, Bill Bradley.
He's got a better chance, even though he's just as boring and now he's hard to flop it all over the place.
And now, all of a sudden, the new poll yesterday, Gore 44, Bush 47.
It's almost even Steven.
It's within a statistical error margin of error in the poll.
Which I should have known because I remember very well when Michael DeCoccus was 7,000 points ahead of George Bush.
Did he win?
No.
No.
Those polls that year and a half, you know, you're ahead.
They mean nothing.
So now, you know, some are nights a big night in New Hampshire.
And of course, that represents the rest of the country.
No, no.
Real well.
All those crusty New Hampshire people all 40 of them.
Yeah, right.
It's really just bizarre.
Just go away.
It's going to be George UW against Gore.
And Gore is going to kick his ass.
You watch.
You mark my words.
Huh?
From 2001 to 2004.
It's going to be President DeGor.
That's got kind of a ring to it.
So he's a boring guy.
I can't help him.
He's never stole a freight train.
He's a pretty good guy.
His heart works.
Okay.
His heart now.
And we forget about it.
Works.
Okay.
At least it's in the right place.
The one thing they haven't common though is that, you know, both of them had a famous daddy who was like there was Senator Gore and there was President Bush.
And of course, President Bush don't forget the CIA, the trilateral commission.
Let's start planning the seeds with all those right wing nut cases.
They're terrified of anybody named Bush.
Try letter.
The Illuminati.
There you go.
Try that one on precise.
That's right.
What do you think put them in their first place?
The CIA, my ass.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was in New York this weekend and I'm talking about getting away from this little alien thing.
I'm sitting in the bar in New York and all of a sudden the cabaret singer.
They go, what do you think will flow?
I'm going to go from Miami immediately.
She's sent into the hole.
Oh, what do you think about the whole alien thing?
Is all of a sudden she's saying she's going, we're just like, oh my god.
Just could not get away from it.
Just could not get away from it.
Well, that's us.
We've been branded man all over the world.
We're branded with that.
Yeah, totally.
Anybody who's from Miami just, oh, just start talking about alien.
You can start a conversation with anybody.
I just want to say that.
I love your show.
Okay, pal.
Take care.
See how the alien.
How you doing, alien?
How's all your toys from K-Mart this week, alien?
How's that little puppy?
I sure hope he's healing up from the way you keep carrying him around by under his front legs, which is very bad.
No, I am.
I'm connected about the only thing I care about anymore with that alien thing is that he stops abusing that puppy.
You don't, you don't slap a little puppy around or any kind of a dog under its front arms with all the weight of it laying.
How do you like somebody to hang out carrying him around his front arms with his other six pounds dangling down there over some hot cools?
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
You men.
Hey, I've got a couple of questions that I'll hang up.
Yeah.
I want to know how many Qs and flams to go back when Qdale, when Q567, 0560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in hell and Dale.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time calling a long time, I was just having a little time to go.
I just had a guy, I was stopping in a light.
Going about five minutes an hour and I put this link around in the van next to me and cut me off.
I mean, but then the mention my phone for he's an adult.
Yes, and I get a stupid thing, but I pulled up next to him and I said, what the hell are you doing?
Yeah.
And he said to me, I have my link around.
I have to ride away.
You have to move.
Oh, I tried to ride.
I didn't know that in other words, if you put your blinker on, you got to get out of his way.
That's correct.
No, I'm starting to learn.
It's never too late to learn.
I never knew that before.
I didn't know that.
I'm still this moment.
I always thought it was to tag her all the time.
That's it.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
There you go.
A little driving information for you and boy, could they use it around here?
Oh, man.
You can't complain about the driving this time because there isn't much.
What passes off is driving here.
I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler.
Pathetic.
Lots of retards out there.
And this morning, I'm coming to work.
I'm coming out university taking my little shortcut there to a 595 because I don't want to get mad back up all the way out there to West Broward.
And that's generally a pretty problem free thing there.
And here's some young, very attractive, by the way, but I didn't care because it was a woman.
But anyway, some young brought in the car in front of me and some old Toyota piece of crap and the light changes.
And the cars are like going in front of her and she's sitting there.
She's doodling and diddling.
A lot of doodling and diddling this morning, by the way.
And I gave her a little tap at the horn.
I don't like leaning on it, but nevertheless.
And she still doodling and diddling.
And finally three or four of the people started to honk it and, yeah, I guess I better drive.
Too much diddling and reaching for stuff on the seats and do all kinds of extraneous crap.
Instead of like getting in that vehicle, turning the ignition on, putting a pedal to the metal and getting from point A to point B.
I hate to break the news to some of your morons out there.
That's what driving is all about.
Not fixing your hair, not picking your nose, not yanking your things, but getting in the car and getting from point A to point B.
What a concept.
Is that what they do here?
No, they're out there diddling around.
And I'll tell you one other thing that pushes me off.
We have a lot of truckers.
Listen to the show.
Wonderful people.
I love them.
But there's nothing worse than somebody driving a big obnoxious truck that takes up half the road, getting in the left hand lane in the highway and going to worse.
You know the ones I'm talking about?
Like they got a convoy going, you know, they get next to whoever's in the middle lane and they just kind of sit there.
Back in everybody's ass up and you just go ahead and people are starting to like try to pass on the right end on the shoulder and do any rational things.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
56070560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line.
8777856345.
Even a few assholes in the Fort Myers today.
Let's be assholes Monday.
Oh, that's what it is.
Parade of assholes we've had today.
Had a couple of, did we have any one or two?
I mean, nothing really memorable.
They got it saying from Fort Myers.
He was pretty good.
Nice go on there, sir.
You stand out.
Head above the rest.
We'll be sure and put in a good word with Jesus for you.
5670560.
Oh, yeah.
I want to thank my lord and savior first of all.
And yeah, bye-bye.
You know what?
They have to send him back to that goddamn store and they're pilot toilet paper on the, uh, because he's full of Schmidt.
That, that curt Warner.
Do you think he played a great game yesterday?
I don't.
I mean, you can't complain about the Titan secondary because they don't have any.
Other than that, he didn't play a great game.
He didn't do squat.
He didn't do Schmidt.
The big TD was understrow.
And that's right.
The defensive back wouldn't have been out there, uh, spinning around like a dreidel.
And of course, Jesus had a bite of one arm and God had a bite of the other.
And it was spinning him around, spinning him around.
So I said, get his hands up.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
I'll ride.
Yeah, he got a, come on, Jesus.
Come on.
Touch down Jesus.
Went right on in there.
Stuck it right in there in the ball, too.
It wasn't exciting to finish though.
Thank God.
Thank God we finally had a Super Bowl.
And you know something?
See one thing about the commercials.
If an event gets as much hype as a Super Bowl does.
And what people are talking about the next day is the commercials.
That tells you, usually, the game is a piece of Schmidt, which it usually is.
And you notice now there are far fewer people talking about the commercials.
Thank God since most of them talk, then about the exciting finish of the game.
So we finally had something worth the stand up and watching.
And then of course, as soon as they stare at us, stupid speeches, often went to something else.
Immediately.
I have watched part of the guy named Blackhawks, uh, Vancouver game last night for about two minutes.
Here's a mobile in Davie.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to mention something.
I saw him at Harold Frontage last week's on time about a couple of the Black agencies and NAACP.
I've got to do that.
What was that one again?
I think it was the NAACP and a couple of other agencies.
The National Association for the Advancement of Coon people, yes.
Yeah.
They're bringing suits to, in this country, against reparations or the...
Reprobates, yeah.
Yeah.
For tolerance and slavery, they want to get paid like Japanese did for the West Coast.
Oh, yeah.
In the internment.
Right.
How about the...
What about all the other countries that were engaging in slavery, the Blacks against Blacks, thousands of years ago?
Why are we the ones that are being falsed?
Well, they're next.
They're going to have to pay up next.
Well, go on with your breath.
Okay.
Did that sick bro work or you haven't used it?
I feel fine.
I feel great.
No more sick talks, sir.
I'm not taking sicker.
I'm not taking other people's pills.
I'm not taking other people's antivirus.
I feel sensation.
I can feel it.
Right.
Even Tommy Stuck is heading the door there and said, what is wrong with that clearance sucking on that broads arm?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
On the AT&T, why does that lie?
Well, he just needs somebody to show him the ropes.
Here's the mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think what happened with that football game that Jesus had his horror in the ball there,
the little horror whiz when they put the air in there.
Yeah.
He had his horror in there.
He had his one horror.
He had his horror.
He was doing horror in there, yeah.
Jesus was doing the horror inside the football, inside the pigskin.
11 o'clock.
You've measured the collar about hockey.
He said he wanted to talk about Palmville.
Ian.
Why did you measure him?
You hung up on the ball.
That was the first collar.
He was a chronic.
He's a crank.
He wanted to talk about hockey.
He's a chronic crank.
Go hockey.
Somebody else had chimed.
Where did you get that gas?
5, 6, 7, 05, boy.
We got the chronics out today.
What?
How keep them off the streets anyway?
I wouldn't be surprised if that pizza shows up here real soon.
There's going to be real sorry.
There's been sucking out at smoothie all morning long because that fills you up.
It's like loaded with the gas.
Is that what you're going to do?
Is that what that is?
Raspberry Sunrise.
Yeah, but I bet you it's full of sugar.
Pure sugar.
Yeah.
Well, what do you say, yeah, like that?
I mean, I'm not trying to dictate you not like obese or anything.
But what do you eat in craft when you got this good pizza coming?
I'm okay.
I'm ready for this pizza.
Even after all those drugs you did Saturday?
No drug Saturday.
Just lots of sex.
What?
And how about to your...
Oh, I'm not going to go in there.
26 past noon is 560 WQA.
I mean, somebody goes to guys wild birthday party that is as wild as it sounds like it was and doesn't even get just a little bit of action.
I mean, that person there, what can you say about that person?
I mean, Bokob Ryan, of course, we know in his case we don't expect anything to happen.
Maybe somebody might have rubbed his balls by a little bit.
And believe me, they didn't.
They stayed far away.
Bokob Ryan, Ag guarantee, a cleric could have sucked on his arm as long as he wasn't.
He wouldn't have said no, he wouldn't have walked away.
He loved it.
He would.
He just said, keep on sucking.
You're probably right.
I am positive, I'm right.
Bokob did well, though.
He was having to use the life of the...
Well, couldn't have been much of a party.
Overblown, it sounds to me.
26 past noon, that's probably why the cops came.
26 past 12 at 560 WQA.
Only one South Florida radio station has a...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you're listening to it.
At Goldberg, weekday afternoons at two, sports radio 560.
Q-A-S.
Want a longley top, little boy?
Yes.
The day, like things we sing,
like the sea's but me,
the fairies,
we swear we'd not get,
if you were,
are you?
We've been to class,
they first take your hand,
we got mad,
we swelled in my day,
we look like candy, we're designers,
we sing like a bunch of funny whiners,
a bunch of steady,
our agents says we got to say,
we swear we're not gay,
our big friends are swell-year-old girls,
who think we're as cute as candy.
Yeah.
Boy.
As they get older, they all figure out,
we're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we get,
miniature.
Why, I close the game,
it's just I go,
going to do the,
I should get your fire,
go,
on the day,
we think that we should better say,
we swear we're not gay,
I swear we're not gay.
21, thank God for that.
1231 at 560 WQM,
I'm jealous of anything,
and we'll probably get the inside to low down on that,
well, I'm not sure if we will or not,
because he's still got to come back.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words,
if it was a crappy deal on the airline,
he won't tell us until it gets back,
which will be on Thursday.
I don't, this is scheduled, boys, really,
because our, we got,
managed tomorrow afternoon,
managed at Chua's Wednesday,
Hank on the Royal Caribbean on Thursday.
So like almost nobody is doing a show in that studio
for the next days on end,
managed to be in there tomorrow,
and after that it's like they're all over the place,
punching their guts out,
on your illegal gambling station for the 90s.
Why would you just change our color to WGA?
Sounds good to me.
56670560,
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Joe is very dismayed over the fact that so many of these punks
over there not only can't they get laid,
but just, I mean, up to their ears and hawk.
I would be surprised if by the end of this year,
before the next,
we turn that, you're on the next calendar,
that several broken legs in at the bullpen.
Maybe I'll start loan sharking.
Here's my name B, chill out.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Neil, I have a question and then a comment,
and I'd like to get your reactions to both.
Who is this guy, our Mondo Guperus?
He's the family spokesman, sir.
The schmokemen?
He's the schmokemen, yeah.
Who's got his hand in all of your just pockets allegedly?
Well, I've been doing a little research on the internet,
and this guy's name,
both of find out who this guy Guperus is.
There's the spokesman.
Yeah, but he's like also the puppet master
that's guiding this whole PR friend.
He's got a puppet in his pants, yeah.
He's got a puppet in his hand.
I think he's probably controlling Jorge Mastanto's
and the alien family.
But the Pili Mascarosa?
Yeah.
But apparently I've checked up on this guy,
and he's also the guy that represented the judge
in her campaign for the alien came.
We know that, that's this is all news, sir.
I'd love to give you something that you probably don't recall.
Do you remember the Versace murder when he just,
the watchman on the boat there?
Right.
The same Gutierrez created a whole monster publicity campaign
to get the guy the reward money.
Well, that's his thing.
He's a PR guy.
He's left with three letters.
He's a PR man.
Now they've signed the deal with CPS to do a four-hour victory.
Okay, we'll call us back when you get some new news.
Thank you.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Still.
Oh, you can smell it.
Hmm.
Wow.
Woo!
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
He looked it up on the internet.
All right.
Here's Stuart.
Hello.
Yeah, boy.
Yes, sir.
And Neil, I've been listening to your show.
I'm a first time caller, long time sufferer.
All right.
What's the origin of the phrase which I've never heard before?
I'm hawking a china.
I've never heard that before.
Chinese.
And what does it mean?
It means when you're in the fact that you're sports,
or that we're just talking about, they can relate to it.
When it gets tough and the guy comes to collect the cash,
they say, hock the china.
Pond shop.
Pond shopling go.
Oh, okay.
Is there any hope that you'll kind of deal with the East Coast phrase?
Yeah, have to be from the East Coast of Florida.
Oh, okay.
And could you put me on the list for the Dolphin Jacksonville ticker's please?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Out of town line.
This is seriously.
This is the biggest bunch of losers I've ever in.
And where it's only 1230.
I mean, we got a long way to go.
God only knows we can top this.
Who can tell?
Is this phenomenal or what?
Come on.
Let's talk about swing clubs, Cubans, and religion.
Now, what are you laughing about?
That's what you said on Friday.
You said when George does that, you don't say anything.
Even though the intellectuals call in, you said all he talks about is swing clubs, Cubans, and religion.
I think that now that he's sick and got the fluvial bed, and it's lovely.
Why I saw a little wife also.
I think that's bad for you to be picking on a guy when he's down.
I've never been so insulted in all my life.
Here's Pember of Pine.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Good morning.
Or afternoon, I'm sorry.
I pardon my voice.
I was screaming my head up for a Super Bowl.
I just got a question to ask you.
What's the crazy that they show too many computer commercials instead of, you know, the funny ones, you know, they can normally show?
Well, they show commercials based on who buys them.
See, I mean, I know that's tough to understand, but they depend on who buys the time.
That's what they show.
In other words, if that Muhammad Ali, that horrible spot, they would have bought every spot in the Super Bowl.
God forbid, that's all you would have seen.
Truthfully though, there wasn't that something we see not like that.
I mean, God thought that, you know, I mean, it'll be a lot of people.
It'll be a lot of people.
It'll be awful.
That was the worst thing.
What was the point of that spot?
What was the message?
Well, he was just showing that he's probably feeling a little bit healthier.
I guess maybe he's having some stuff.
Healthier, he could barely breathe.
Well, what I'm trying to say is, maybe baby medicine's helping in the surgery, like Michael Bay's father.
He's been looking like he was helping.
It looked like every gas, if anyone could be his last gas.
What spot were you watching, man?
Well, I'm a little nervous, I've never taught you.
Yeah, but nevertheless, I know.
Get out of here.
It looked like he was coming along.
Man, oh man.
I thought he was going to expire right in the middle of the spot.
Although it was kind of promising to see, you could like stay in one spot like that long.
And Janet, she can't do that.
She's shaking it.
That was trick photography.
Oh, I see.
Sure, better than a trick photography to put Chris Reeves on ahead of that gorilla.
And then that was so bad that was, I mean, to think that they spend $2 million dollars
a spot and then not to mention how many millions to produce those spots.
And that's the best they could do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Of course, the people who watch that game, most of them by the time the game finally comes on,
so blitzed out of their mind.
They don't know what's going on anyway.
Yeah, Super Bowl gives football a new meaning for the term blitz.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I didn't say I never stole a freight train.
I thought I was never convicted of stealing a freight train.
Meaning?
I might have hijacked the truck, but I'm.
Yeah, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18T line.
Out of townline, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
22 kill one at pizza.
Be here before you know it.
Then we'll put them to the true test.
That's where it has to go.
It's a high test, and today it's the true test.
Now, what do we get?
I sure hope you got the bacon cheeseburger pizza like I told you.
You wanted the BLT, right?
And it doesn't win.
Yeah.
A wing in a prayer.
How is Westlife doing, by the way?
Flying without wings?
Everybody looking for that.
Yeah, they're doing it.
And by the way, speaking of blue by I pull 66, who is the first person in America to play that record months and months ago?
They don't come out.
Right here on this show.
Kid Curry, he won't play it because he don't like it.
I mean, don't get me wrong about Kid Curry.
He's not a bad guy, and he's right that Ana had a big ass, but Jesus.
I mean, the program director doesn't play a song because he doesn't like it.
It's like number one half in the world.
He don't play because he doesn't like it.
What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
Man.
Eddie.
Yeah, that's what it sounds like to me.
21 to 12 to 1.
See, it's almost about a clock already.
If pizza will be here in no time, elite lunch, it will be out of here.
And you've been sitting there with a long push today just because these calls suck.
I don't care anymore.
I do not care.
I do not care.
I'm here for the money.
Give me the f-ing check.
Give me the money.
Let me out of here.
I'll be gone before you know it and have a great life.
That's it.
That's why I feel so much better.
Just knowing that this place was getting me down to the point where whatever I got a bad bullet grits was giving me the schmit and knowing that this place also was compounding to my near suicidal state of mind.
And I said to them that Kelti's got the right attitude.
Of course, anybody with a voice like him that could be on a radio.
He's got to have the right attitude.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So screw it.
Screw them.
Engineer.
Oh, it puts out a memo not for broadcast.
Am I impressed?
No.
To him.
He's an engineer like my little dog is a goddamn heart surgeon.
By the way, tiny gun appointment of three.
No portion of this broadcast may be.
No.
The express written permission of WQAM deeply read acquisition court.
M.O.S.
D.A.
W.A.
S.U.C.K.S.
Oooooohhhhhh.
A matter of priest when I was living.
All right.
He said he would save my soul.
But we made a D2.
I'm the way to heaven.
And into this bathroom we did take a stroll.
Well, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Oh, that was wrote in way back.
Thank you, M.O.S.
And behind the rectory.
The next day I felt like a sinner.
And I showed up to get communion.
Put on my tongue that was in a wafer.
And it was in one of tripping.
Scored, Scored.
Well, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, M.O.S.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Rectome.
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, M.O.S.
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Talked 45 at 5.50.
I noticed that this article about the airport,
the ongoing hero of the stories that continue uncovering stuff
that should have uncovered 20 years ago,
unused costly rentals, waste millions, millions at NIA
in my international airport.
More than $3,400 was spent to write a fax machine
they could have bought for $496.
820 grand for a garage crisis alert system
that basically amounted to exchanging regular phones
for no-hand speaker phones.
$750,000 for a live feed media cable
at no TV crew ever used.
Nearly 300,000 for talking elevators
to tell people remember where they parked their cars.
More than 620,000 for two fancy phone switchboards
that were never used to answer a phone.
And they arrested Jim neighbors,
remember Jim neighbors?
Not him, different Jim neighbors.
Miami-Dade Chief of Aviation Telecommunications
for illegally accepting gifts for five years
from Baker Audio Telecom from North Cross, Georgia,
Brian North Cross, Georgia,
company that handed out free golf trips, dinners,
world serious tickets,
and other gifts to the supervisor
who was signing off on many of the company deals.
And here's a picture right here of the $4,300 fax machine
or $3,400, whatever hell it is.
And it looks just like the cheap $200
when we got sitting back there.
How do you like that?
Millions and millions and millions of dollars
of your tax money going right down the old toilet.
But let's build a stadium for John Henry.
What do you say?
Come on.
$5,670, $560,000, $560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Jupiter.
It's gone.
Long gone.
Okay.
$5,670, we got two calls left on the board.
Then we can enjoy our lunch and piece once this is over.
On a tragic Monday, a day that will live in infamy,
man, FDRB, proud of this.
$5,670, $560,000, $560 on the AT&T line.
Mobile and Boyton B.
Chelo.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I was watching the game last night.
So it's so super cool.
But I was wondering if anybody thought I'm sure many people saw that commercial
where they got, I don't know, these three guys like,
Malaria, Curley, Sitten, Hungla, Fortress.
And at the end, there's a caption on the bottom that says,
we just blew $2 million.
What are you doing with your fire?
Gotta come up and talk about it.
Yeah, I just got in the car.
The message was it was a piece of crap spot and how do you manage your money?
Right.
And they're right.
It was a piece of crap spot.
It was.
Sure.
Well, I've elicit this once back in the Tuesdays.
And this is my first call, you're doing a great job, Neil.
You're saying, okay, thank you.
God bless.
Thank you.
Okay.
I can't.
5.6.7.
We got 16,000 open lines here.
We're going to make it two of these colors.
I doubt it.
I feel some heavy-duty music coming on.
I can smell it.
Maybe we'll play some Christina Aguilera, huh?
No.
She can't sing for Schmidt and she weighs about four pounds soaking wet.
She's got to have naked pictures of somebody.
She must have.
Does she have any talent at all?
No.
No, absolutely positively zero.
None.
Nada.
She makes it.
You know something, she makes me want to see a Celine Dion.
And I would rather croak than ever see Celine Dion, much less here or ever again.
That's how much Christina Aguilera turns me off.
She makes me nauseous.
I mean, generally speaking, you see something that's an attraction with anybody, like Ricky
Martin.
I mean, if we didn't know who he was, at least if he keeps his mouth shut, he don't look
so bad, you know?
But some of these people, you just know, you know that they got the goods on somebody.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, sir.
Great.
Hey, well, first of all, I agree with you about the commercials.
Actually, there was only one that I liked and that's when they had those guys hurting cats.
I thought it was pretty fine.
I didn't see it.
The one I liked was the one where Mike Ditkiss is.
I can't afford to lose this job, too.
That one's pretty good.
Yeah.
And Christina, what her name is.
I definitely agree with you.
I look at her and I'm like, you know, if I was walking in a mile, I would just look
at her and say, oh, she likes it and then just continue.
She's nice.
No, I mean, I would just look at her and she's probably going to see some.
She's not nice.
She weighs about four pounds.
And she's got a face that even a mother could hate.
But I mean, realistically to me, it's just like, you know, and she can't sing.
Absolutely.
But other than that, she's a dynamite.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
She's a talent monster.
Anyway, I want to switch topics real quick and then.
And I've been traveling with you and having an Ecuador where they've standardized it
with a trying to summarize the currency.
And that's one of the reasons the president that was there.
I'm telling you what channel she's on there right now.
Anyway, the president got asked it.
Oh, she, huh.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I have a pretty good answer.
Anyway, no, president, the world there got asked it by military leaders because the
reason they didn't want to dial rise the currency, they thought, you know, with the US, there
will be like, the monorizing thing for the country.
Well, guess what?
The guy who's in power is going to dial rise the currency.
Just press to you, you know, it doesn't matter who's in power.
There's always somebody that has to be rich.
The same thing would happen with the TFA.
You get rid of him and you promise you that.
Absolutely.
So, you know, everybody thinks the grass is greener on the other side.
You know, all this class and beer, whatever, you know, someone's got to get rich.
So, it's just, you know, I just think that's really funny.
And, you know, I remember when, you know, I wasn't there, obviously, but I remember my grandmother
telling me about the TFA, how terrible it was.
Well, look how much worse it is now.
You know, I'm Cuban, by the way.
Yeah.
You know, so.
No, we don't care.
I don't know.
I'm just letting you know.
Have a great day, Pat.
Thank you.
See you.
Do we care about Cuban?
No.
We don't care about any, but we just care about human beings.
Remember that song about a human being?
What was the song about human beings?
No, no, no, no.
Nobody but me, nobody but you, nobody but how was that song?
Vokabrine with them.
Nobody but me by the human beings.
On Capitol Records, I do believe.
What do you know about music?
I mean, you know, you guys, I know a fair amount about it.
Nobody but me by the human beings, B-E-I-N-Z, and you don't know that song.
You heard it.
In fact, there's 8 million commercials speaking to commercials that they use that.
They start out with it on.
Blank look, blank look.
Is that your final answer?
56670560, 0560 on it.
Well, when you're an old fart like me, it comes in handy, memory, all those stupid things
that nobody cares about anymore.
And then you say, oh gee, you don't know that?
God are you dumb.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I understand that Cory Savin's been visiting Charles Alfieri.
Yeah.
You could use it.
He does have a full head of hair.
Now we're talking.
Oh, right.
How come we don't ever hear any spir Reports about our close personal friend, the Cory Savin?
Maybe now that he's got a full head of hair, he can get laid once in a while.
Yeah, and all I have to say about it is, can I hear the old lady saying, oh my God.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, you know something just because you mentioned our good close friend, Cory Savin's name.
Oh my God.
How do you like that?
To show him what a great mood I'm in.
I don't really care.
Just give me the paycheck.
There's that bitch.
What I have to say.
Oh, she's just...
I bet she's on way 13 pounds.
I'm 30.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
She's not bad.
What?
She's not bad.
Bad one.
Looking?
Yeah, she's not bad.
Look, she's got this porn star left to her.
She was on the Mickey Mouse Club.
Whatever her to have a porn star with raisinettes for breasts.
That's a definite look.
That's a niche.
It's a look.
It's a look.
It's a look.
You know, Josh Friedman, that's also a look.
And a smell.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, it's a look.
There's a question about it.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Hey, Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I just want to agree with you on the Al Gore thing.
I'm going for Al Gore.
And with the bushes, the first thing I came to my mind right before he said it was Illuminati.
There's a lot of stuff behind that.
And, you know, it's a big subject to getting in front of you.
I lateral commission to builder burgers, man.
Jesus.
But I'm out too.
He's got his finger in it.
Yep, they can get that ball games over.
He can worry about other things.
Exactly.
I just wanted to quickly mention to you that there's a movie coming out.
I don't know if you heard of it.
I think it's called No Skoles or something.
That's a deal with, uh, I...
No Skoles?
Something Skoles.
It's a new movie about the teenagers that get into college and they get recruited into the secret society.
Oh, No Skoles, yeah.
No.
Yeah, that's...
That's a...
Something that really, uh...
Oh, I know.
I saw the preview.
That looked pretty interesting.
That's what I'm saying.
What's the name of that?
No Skoles or some Skoles or school Skoles or...
It's something Skoles.
That's all I know.
Skoles?
That's all I know.
Okay, great.
But, like I said, it kind of reminds me of the...
The Gileon's attorney is going to be in the sequel.
It's going to be called Skolc Caps.
Right.
And, uh, and comedy stuff.
The comedy...
And have a great day.
So why'd you give me a look like that when I looked in the little mirror here because, uh...
Didn't know what you were doing.
No, I have this thing which I'm sure you've noticed.
This horrendous dry skin problem.
But only, like, on my scale...
Like, not on my scale so much, but like here.
On the upper right my forehead.
What?
You're always touching there.
That's probably...
Oh, no, I'm not touching there.
I'm like wiping away that I have Dan Ruff of the forehead.
Not on my hair, but like in here.
And it drives me nuts.
It's a look.
You know, it's a look to puke from its growth.
It's embarrassing.
Oh, man.
And I'm not going to bring in like a whole thing of a moisturizer cream in here and sitting
dabbing like Ron TV or something.
That's what I need.
Is a magic moisturizer to make my flaky forehead better.
Yeah, let's start working on that instead of worrying about goddamn bottles and diarrhea and stuff.
Let's worry about something more appetizing.
Like, getting rid of Neil's scabby, scabby, whatever that's all about.
And I'm just like, oh, you've seen it.
You've seen what it's...
Yeah.
And of course, you've been kind enough never to say, oh, man, you look like what's...
What diet on your forehead?
But you were thinking that.
Yeah, see, you were thinking it.
Now, George, on the other hand, he don't pay any attention.
He does his best not to look in here.
And of course, the feeling is neutral.
Wonderful guy, but who wants to see him?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound fight.
What?
Now, why do you...
What is wrong with that?
It's true.
He's a great guy.
I love George.
He's fantastic.
He does a ton of work.
But, you know, he's...
George.
I mean, there's like people like Miguel, and then there's people like George.
They're both Cuban.
George has his fans.
What do you mean by that?
He's got a good looking wife.
Yes.
And way over his head.
And way over his head.
He's in way over his head.
Is that what you just said?
Well, he married over his head.
Yeah.
Now, his George get like a 6-1 because he never sucked her arm.
1257 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Wake up with the first team.
Joe Rhodes, Jeff DeParis, and Steve Goldstein.
Weep the mornings at 6.
Oh, no.
On sports radio, 560 QAM.
Oh, no.
Now, when you QAM.
I'm happy to see you.
You're smarter than...
What's up, I'm 221.
Hi, V.
I'm dry.
As long as I'm swinging, and the naked chick keeps my legs on fingers,
I'll keep on swinging my slums.
You know I'll always be smiling when the cow comes off,
and I go diving.
I love a throbbing dung.
I do not alone in the back.
I just swing the night away in a little dream, a little back.
I'm not to mention a nice foot pay as long as I'm swinging,
and the naked chick keeps my legs on fingers,
I'll keep on swinging my slums.
So make call it, Lou is having consensual steps,
but all you're curious to fuck her up and kiss my ass off.
That's all I'm swinging, I don't care what anybody's naked.
I'll keep on swinging my slums.
I'll keep on swinging my slums.
I'll keep on swinging my slums.
Wow!
It's 101 at 560 WQMR, big one and two hour hand could be here
from Vegas to Seph noon.
Panther hockey by the way tomorrow night.
But we got all kinds of panthers tomorrow.
We got the Florida Panthers in the Carolina Huracun store,
and the pit Panthers, any minigame.
Look at that.
Now wait, I just noticed that.
How could that possibly ever happen again?
We got the Florida Panthers in the Carolina Huracun on Q&A tomorrow night,
and on Waxi our system at level,
we need their frequency station,
you got the pit Panthers and the minigame Huracun basketball.
We got two Panther Huracun games tomorrow.
So anyway, years ago, many, many, many years ago,
before you were born.
So I had a part-time job in Rochester at Midtown Records,
and I was working the nights in the BTA,
my first full-time radio job.
So at any rate, I worked for two guys,
not bad guys, Ed Lions and Bob Desbecker.
And Bob Desbecker, the owners of the chain in town records from Buffalo.
And Bob Desbecker was kind of like a short,
a balding, I would say, like 40-ish guy in those days,
maybe 35 to 40-ish.
And he had the worst complexity,
it was real, real dry, flaking, caking, skin, you know.
And every time I would see him, I'd think,
I'm like,
God, that's the most,
that is the most unappealing looking,
it's a bad look to a coin of phrase.
It's a look, and not a good one.
And here I am all these years later,
and it goes to show you here,
I was pointing the finger and saying,
God, look at that.
Oh, Jesus, and I got that cake-ing flaking.
I got Bob Desbecker disease in my forehead.
So it goes to show you,
before you start pointing at everybody else and laughing your ass off,
because they look like a clown and like a freak and like crap,
and they got a very unappealing look.
You better watch it,
because someday you'll look at them and you're like,
oh, Jesus Christ, I know that look.
That's that Bob Desbecker look.
Bad.
It's not there right now,
now I look beautiful,
but any minute it'll start,
it just keeps coming back.
Dry, I mean, so dry like you wouldn't believe.
I'm one of those people that I go to Vegas.
Everything I touch,
you know, get the static electricity,
because it's so dry out there.
Everything I touch like snaps, crackles, and pops.
Here's a mobile-informed lottery deal, huh?
Yeah, hey Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
First time, color, and I just been listening to you for a little while,
and I like the opinions on the Catholic Church,
so I was wondering if you had an opportunity to do the latest
that I guess I can to city paper,
it's had out.
Yes, I did, sir.
I began with quite a long segment on the beginning of the show,
so two and a half ten is a good idea every day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberg Pine, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
First off, you know, I'm glad that I'm back in the town
of at least the somewhat living,
because I just got back from a trip to Tallahicchi
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
and I was in the town of Tallahicchi,
but you know, just want to say that we love Jen,
or something like that,
and oh, I want to talk about,
yeah, it's about that Ilium thing,
and everyone else?
No, no, I have a great day, pal.
No, I'm not talking about that anymore.
I read the jicke article only because it said
so well about the local media,
but are we talking about that anymore?
No, we had an e-free day on Friday,
and I'm trying to ease away from that,
because there's nothing going on about it.
There's nothing more to say.
When something happens,
when they have another hearing,
or a judge who has a bad bowel movement,
or something goes on,
okay, then we can talk about it,
but you know, since we're bitching
and belly-ickened about the fact we can't get away from it,
I think we ought to take the ball,
they ball by the horns.
Isn't that the way they say it?
Take your balls by the horns?
And show everybody the way.
Let's get away from that stuff.
Let's talk about important stuff,
like scaly skin.
Now you're talking about irritable,
fasted colons and stuff like that.
It's real stuff that really affects our lives.
God damn it.
I suppose there's some spoiled little,
six-year-old, punky kid
that doesn't mean a bag of beans to me.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm really mad at Helen.
I can't take it anymore.
About the, um,
there really are bags in the church.
Yeah.
I mean, I can't stand it when all they do,
all they have is fat people on the TV,
being a bag, touching somebody's head.
One of these...
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Excuse me. Neil, you were talking about Corey Savelin?
Yeah.
He does have hair now.
That's what we just heard early moments ago.
That's probably how he looks like a perverse
date county reptile, though.
Uh-huh. And that's all I have.
Okay, thanks.
Okay. They're just as full of it in Fort Myers
as they are over here today.
So feel, you know, whatever,
however that makes you feel equal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
Where's that pie?
By the way, we're not going to go through that again
like we did last week, are we?
Because that was your beer.
That was, that was a little bit aggravating on Friday.
I think I have a little like a little twitching my bow
from all the nervousness of waiting and anticipating.
Yeah.
And now that we know that it's going to be pretty good today,
since he's not going to have to put it together here in
Potsky Roundup, put on his rubber gloves,
if J.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.R.
But is your last remaining information portrait camera what is a portrait camera?
Can you please show me a full picture of the portrait camera too early this morning?
with a W upside down but anyway he said he definitely squats when he
pees nice going there mad dog manchburne squats when he
pees I'm gonna keep my pants right there in a car listen to the amazing mad dog
man did I know evidently eight minutes after one at five sixty WQ
and wake up with the first key no no no no no the bar is as he goes to go
we'd be morning to sex only on sports radio 560 Q A M
model lay down on my couch hi this is machina knuckle to lower I
may be retired from tennis but that doesn't mean
it's too tight to smell it with my new fragrance my team my smell on
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
I'm going to win the first round of the season.
She's one bride for seven brothers.
That's her problem.
And she says really has nothing to do with the Super Bowl.
No, or anything.
The reason I'm calling you is, as I say,
the first time was there.
I just happened to tune into the top of the hour.
I heard that hysterical song that you led in with.
How can I get a copy of that?
What song was that?
We want about the schlong, the swinging schlong.
How can you get a copy of it?
Yeah, the possible.
No, it's not.
It's just the, in the house song and you have to listen to it.
Right, you have to keep listening to it.
That's the idea.
We get you hooked on these things.
You say, God, he plays all those weird and funny things.
They better keep listening.
Exactly.
It's hysterical.
Keep it up.
Okay, thanks.
So, did you need it the left?
God bless you.
Thanks.
There you go.
There's a good guy.
Never listened to the show before.
He said, God, that's a funny stuff.
Now, if we only had some real promotion out there,
I know we got those TV spots coming up.
If we live long enough.
What did I just say?
What is it now?
The food is here.
And I got another hour of 45 minutes on this stupid show I had to do here.
Do we care about the show now?
No.
Just give me the money and give us some nice free food.
That's all.
I've been doing this to God damn long, 150 years.
Just feed us and give us some bags and bags and bags of money.
It's top of these stupid memos, not for broadcast.
I should have saved that.
That was classic.
Talk about people with ego problems getting a little carried away.
Not for broadcast wise.
Is there any sense in that?
Not for broadcast?
Why?
Because it's embarrassing that as usual,
another Greg Reed promise is going down the old crapper
and he's full of it as usual.
Well, not surprised.
Did I really expect that phone thing to be in here for boy 14?
No.
No, of course not.
So just calm down, Mr. Coursoe.
Mr.
Just relax.
You're not a bad guy and we understand that you fit in here like a glove.
And look what happened and the ass in the woods, okay?
There's a girl.
I mean, there's a guy that came in here and tried to do a couple of things as PD.
And they fired us out of here.
And what you owe whatever's name is,
was making a good point over here off the air.
Is that if George Coursoe, our chief engineer,
started ordering stuff and tried to do stuff in here.
He'd be gone on a heartbeat.
Fastened you can say Greg Reed's asshole.
So he just does the best he can with shame much.
He ain't much.
Here's North Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, long time, Mr. I love you, man.
You're the greatest.
I'm a trip.
I think I got to go for your earring.
What is it?
I think I got to go for your skill.
All right.
Clinique, turn around lotion for men.
Clinique, turn around lotion for you.
You have to turn around to put it on.
I hope so.
It works great.
It's kind of expensive.
Where you get it?
You get it.
This is a drag.
You have to go to a mall and go to one of those stores
and stand at the counter with the other ladies.
But if you kind of jump in and tell them what you want.
With the other ladies?
You know, it's like, yeah, all the old ladies,
you know, they're sitting there and taking their time to make up and stuff.
Yeah.
But it works really well.
Take a little bit.
They're on a travel lot.
And I use it because of the planes driving me out the air.
Do you have a dry skin problem?
Yeah, I do, actually.
But this really cures it.
It's not an old genic.
It has no fragrance or anything to it.
I mean, this stuff, you can like wash it off.
You can scrub.
And like 20 minutes later, it's back again.
You're just going to just like flaking off.
And it looks like crap.
Yeah, try this stuff.
I'm telling you, you'll love it.
Okay, so it works great.
Come cheer somebody.
You'll send me some or bring me some or something.
Okay, thanks a lot.
I love you.
Thank you.
Okay, let's go right over here and digging a little bit.
Just five.
Because I hate to have it.
Oh, look at that.
Oh.
Oh, that's the best part.
Is the toppings that get stuck to the top of the box?
Mmm.
Oh, God.
But there's a lot of cheese in there.
How come the cheese from the pizza and fried it and scrub my system?
There was nothing wrong with it.
You'll be fine.
Yeah, be fun.
You're rationalizing.
If I get sick, it's on your ass, man.
The audience, we got thousands and thousands of witnesses out there.
Remember, like an hour and a half ago when Joe Kaisdello said,
we better get that Godfathers in here today.
I said, I don't think so, Joe.
It's going to make me real sick.
I'm feeling real good now.
Now we better get it in here.
Because George might be back tomorrow and I will have a chance for a free meal.
Which is a good point.
I do understand that.
Of course, with all the money, the big bucks that Joe is getting paid here,
he needs the free meal.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I do, Dale.
Great.
A couple of questions about hockey, about the bifurs.
Do you think we have a goalie?
Go up from pretty soon and...
If Trevor kid comes back healthy, then they say goodbye to Sri Lanka, I guess.
Yeah, because we have the eat-of-the-experience draft again this year.
No, we can only protect one goalie, is it?
Or can you protect two?
Two.
You can protect two, that.
I've been protect kid and Vernon.
Murdered.
Just say goodbye.
Murdered.
Back through our Moscow.
Okay.
Back to Siberia.
I just got on the road for three weeks and we're getting good press release stuff from the National Press Fest.
I still think we need another score before the end of the season.
No, we don't need another score.
We need defense.
We need an offenseman who can play defense.
Believe me.
If Mike Vernon wouldn't have been standing on his head lately,
this team would be a little bit of trouble here lately.
Yeah, I was able to see one game with the National Broadcast as well as other times.
And then lastly, just a little weight thing.
I had my stomach staple three months ago, I had 100 pounds and I haven't had an insulin shot since surgery.
Really?
Yeah, so I mean it's for those people that obviously obese, that are really obese today, I'm a surgery, but it's saved my life.
Okay.
It's saved my life.
Take it out today.
Thanks.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the eat-of-the-experience.
I know it's a very controversial thing getting the stapling and all that other stuff.
If you're very, very, very, very, very, like he said, obese.
But I can't tell you this.
I don't know if it's going to work for you or not, but you won't smell any better.
I can tell you that from Josh Friedman.
You will not smell any better with or without the staples.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's four minors again.
Hello.
New, good.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of, right here, Shambi.
Shambi not only has that big, he's got red hair.
Yeah.
Oh, he has orange hair.
Oh, is there any other job that person should have other than radio?
That's right.
He's got a body for him just like me, a body in a face for radio.
Oh, well, he has lost some weight lately.
The night's going air bokehs.
He put up, he'll be down to 400 in no time.
Hey, I got to agree.
I'm also, um, boomer, stale.
Oh, he is brutal.
He must get an extra bonus money for every time the second half.
That guy said momentum.
He must have naked pictures of all the executives at ABC sports,
because I'm going to tell you, just to audition him,
just to hear him want not to know that he's just terminal and instant tune out.
What are these people thinking about?
And to think that they took off Deerador, which I'm not that big a fan of his,
but I mean, to compare the two, Deerador is phenomenal compared to the boomer.
Oh, big time.
I thought Deerador was all right.
Yeah, he was okay.
And at least he's articulate.
And he has that little personality and a sense of humor.
And he doesn't look like he's ready to jump out of the booth
because he's nervous.
Is all hell.
Get lower the boom on the boomer.
Exactly.
He's already petted as well.
Right.
And one more.
Last thing on TRL.
What a joke, too.
I mean, it's supposed to be MTV play videos.
They play two minutes and then they go to the all the screaming little kids.
Right.
What a joke.
We interrupt in the damn video with all these little kids there with their finger
in their neck, the body parts, squealing and carrying on.
And then when the video, you know, it's got another minute to go and they fade it out.
And you know, they waste all this time in between, diddling and diddling.
If you're going to play the video, at least the number one, play the whole thing.
Once again, I agree with you across the board, Uncle Neil.
God bless you.
God bless us.
I'll pray for them.
Come on.
Get a piece out of here.
Wait a minute.
We're going to watch the radio show.
You'll also put something on there until some time.
It's going to be a nice little piece.
Oh, wait a minute.
One moment, please.
Oh.
Is that beautiful or what?
And these people ever call and say, oh, Godfather's in it like he used to be.
Well, you don't know squat.
I'm not.
Think I'm having a real abs.
No, I'm not.
That is damn good.
That is out, everything's standard.
And we're not going to be doing this again for a long time.
I'll tell you that.
Do you believe me?
No.
Huh?
I did get a spy report that the Godfather ran out of sour cream.
Stuff yesterday, yeah.
Because of me because I talked about the taco pizza, which they have to use the sour cream on.
NJR said that I made him run out of sour cream.
And I said, I got some gourds, gourds, sour cream.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
I hear Cory try that line.
And I too didn't work for him.
Is what I heard.
That's the rumor.
I mean, the clearance.
Did I say Cory?
I said, see, it's all the same person to me now.
That's the Hank has done that to me.
They're all the same person because nobody here goes by their real name.
I hate fake names like, you know, like that one too.
No, you have any idea how confusing.
Because first of all, when I came here, you got Jason and Jason and Josh.
Everybody's with a J. Who's with the J?
Josh and Jason and Josh and you know, Joe and Joe and Joe and Joe Mama.
And how can you separate one from the other?
Of course, you I could always separate because of the nose.
Here is Davey. Hello.
The output or the output doesn't go over the address.
No.
It took over the address.
Tom, do what? Come down.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Hey, did you see the Tyson fight?
There.
Sorry. No, I did not.
Really?
Why would anybody watch that?
I had no choices.
I always don't know.
Yes.
I mean, if you have three or three or four minutes to spare,
because that's about how long it lasted about four and a half minutes.
I mean, what was there to say?
This other guy.
I'm in better shape than the guy that he fought.
Yeah.
We were in that spark of the smoke.
Right.
No, I'm saying that's all I can get Tyson to fight these days.
Anyways, our smokes, you know.
And, and of course, the show that the whole world loves his scumbag
because the British over there were sucking up to him and was disgusting.
Yeah.
Well, he's silly.
You know, he said that wacky religion to follow, you know.
Yeah. Everybody loves his scumbag.
Okay, pal. Have a great day.
I'm glad he mentioned that.
Eight million dollars he made again for that.
Eight million dollars because the world loves his scumbag.
There's a real good message for all your kids out there.
The bigger the scumbag you are.
And let me say it again yesterday.
Channel 70 finally got a different topic for a couple of minutes.
That fruitcake Craig.
What's his name?
The paperwork Craig Steven.
He's on a hypervidelating and are showing.
There's OJ at the airport.
Oh, yeah.
He's back in town for a few days.
God.
And thinking about moving here.
And he admits he's going to move here is because they can't repot your dish
and repot your dish.
That's why he's coming here because he doesn't want to pay all that money up
that they awarded you a crowd for in your courts.
So anyway, he can get out of it.
How do you like that?
They can't garnish you your wages.
They can't repot this.
They can't do that.
Although I thought it was kind of interesting when he said,
that was kind of not, you know, not a revelation,
but kind of interesting coming from him.
We hate you.
OJ go all the way and they showed the guy in the one crow of Gables by the sea.
We don't want him living here and over there in Weston.
We don't want him living here.
Nobody wants you here except maybe.
Roar.
Roar.
He's going to be here to take you back with you.
The two of you can allope together.
He's got a lot of time on his hands now.
And by the way, for those people out there in the audience who keep track of our sale
of the Department and miss.
We got a new ex-joc there.
It seems like a decent guy.
Troy Stratford is that his name?
Former dolphin running back.
I said to Joe this morning, I said,
who is that?
And he said, Oh, don't you remember him?
No.
No, Troy Stratford.
He's about 2 feet tall.
He looks kind of like a dark,
are complicated male Christine Aguilara,
who's about 18 pounds soaking wet.
Believe, I think he'll make a more pleasant presentation
going out and seeing salespeople than,
bro, here's a little bit ominous, you know what I mean?
Like, ooh, scary guy.
26 past one at 560 WQAM.
That's what's granted.
She said he had something that was real scary.
Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer.
And you're listening to Gover weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAM.
That is the call of the Florida Panthers,
Houston and Neil Rogers on sports radio 560.
Oi.
Okay, okay, okay, okay,
Oi.
You can see cool,
you can see cool,
okay, okay,
okay, okay, okay,
you can see cool,
you can see cool,
yeah.
Are you sicko?
Are you sicko?
Are you sicko?
Are you sicko?
Are you sicko?
That night,
when she turned off all the lights,
there's no playplacity,
could hide on the wall.
OJ was gonna get hurt.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
That night,
one day,
the jury's gonna set free or stay.
We're all we know we've done ahead,
you're with me.
Oh yeah,
so she's gonna get up.
Is true,
OJ is gonna come after you.
Yes.
And then you'll get away with that one
to you.
OJ's gonna get up.
OJ's gonna get you.
OJ's gonna get you.
OJ's gonna get you.
OJ's gonna get you.
One night.
OJ,
OJ,
you killed the coo.
You killed the coo.
OJ,
you killed the coo.
OJ,
you killed the coo.
OJ,
OJ,
OJ's gonna get you.
OJ's gonna get you.
OJ's gonna get you.
Two nights.
I'm going to wait yesterday during this grotesque piece on Channel 7 news, which I will keep
watching Channel 7 news, won't I?
See, I threatened to turn it off, but because I do this show, I can't afford to turn it
off.
Because look at all the material we get, bitching about how bad it is and about Rick Snatches
and all that other crann and the weather fairy.
But he can't be freeing to the cool as his XY.
Well my XY is this and she likes to house like this one and then somebody killed her though
and somebody killed his XY.
Stay the hell away, OJ.
And I want to say it for the 8 minute time, but I want to emphasize it, underline it
and put it up as a big headline.
When he was here for that anxious golf tournament last September 24, by the way, anybody
ever get that 1150 bucks that was supposed to go to center one?
No.
When he was here and that crap was going down.
Anybody and everybody that went to him for autographs, hands shaking, sucking up to him, you're
as much of a scumbag as he is, okay?
I want to make that very, very clear, including some of the people in this building.
I don't want to mention screw in by name or...
Roar!
...or say him because he also ain't here no more.
What if that's just a coincidence or what?
No.
Huh?
People who suck up the scumbags are scumbags.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a little Havana, hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil Rogers, how are you today?
Great.
One thing I want to mention to you, I'll be quick about this.
It's the first time I've called you.
I love your show.
My workers and I, we just will you adore you.
Oh, right.
Great.
That's a serious taste over there, Mr. Havana.
All vannage and the sour cream on the pizza's excellent.
Did you have that?
No, I did not, but I've done it before.
Oh, but...
Oh, yeah.
And I eat it, yeah, and I eat it too.
Seriously, seriously, seriously.
First time I heard your show, I thought I'd mention this now because the space level is
about to launch.
And the first time I heard your show, I was coming right after Hurricane Andrew, listening
to you coming down the turnpike.
And you were talking about sex and outer space.
And there was a woman on the craft that went up and they denied that they were going to
use that as...
You know, they were...
They were talking about...
They wouldn't admit it, but I bet you it's going on.
And also the space station near, they're going to fix that up and they're going to make
it into a hotel by the year 2010.
Yeah.
There will probably be sex and outer space.
Probably a couple of months.
Once they get between Jupiter and your rainor, I think it's when it's going to start.
Backed home, yeah.
Right up there.
You got it.
So, you know, let's hope, you know, it'd be great.
Yeah, if that's the case, they better get somebody a little younger than John Glennon
up there.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe Bob DeWolk give me a helping hand.
You're excellent.
I love you.
Have a great day, amigo.
You too.
I love you.
He loves me.
Well, you know, those are holios.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, George is the only one I ever know and thank God, because in his case, doesn't make
a difference.
No.
Him and Miguel, of course Miguel, don't deny it a lot.
5, 6, 7, I...
Do you ever take Miguel with the Swing Club, whether he's got a steady girlfriend?
He's not going to go.
There were, of course, so do you.
And George's got a wife.
What differences to make?
The school teacher that got all day, a problem, they were wonderful lovely lady that
got screwed over by the Brown School Board.
She was there with her fiancee.
She wasn't just irid, diddling strangers in there, just walking in, not that there
may be anything wrong if she were, but just so happens, he was there with her fiancee.
So Miguel could probably go to the Swing Club with his fiancee.
He's not allowed to go.
And hang out.
Why not?
Because his boss goes there.
His boss, his last name is the same as my boss.
You mean Chris Reed?
Chris Reed?
The nephew of Greg Reed goes to that Swing Club.
All of a sudden, we're not supposed to put this on here.
Does this fiancee know about this?
No.
Does she go with him, I hope?
Oh, that's right, she does.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So you've got to be very careful.
We'll watch you say, because I'll blur it right on here.
Not with bad intentions, necessarily, because Chris is a pretty good guy.
He never stole a free train.
He's okay, especially considering the gene problem he has to overcome.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello, Alia.
Yes?
Neil, you're absolutely right about the pop music of today, especially with that female
singer Aguara.
She is absolutely...
Now, wait a minute, I didn't say about the pop music in general, because now you're
going to step on 98 degrees, and anybody's going to step on 98 degrees, going to have
to step over my fat ugly body.
I'll tell you that.
Well, but Aguara's got more talent in one finger than most of these other genics come
lately, so put together.
Absolutely, Aguara.
He does.
Pop music.
What do you mean, absolutely?
You don't learn from 98 degrees?
Oh, I know about pop music today.
All right.
Well, then you have song by 98 degrees.
Well, no, I can't name a song, but it's...
I can't name a song, I'm sorry, but...
Okay.
Pop music is in the bad state today.
It's all that curly cue is baby music.
I don't know what the hell is going on with pop music now.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
When you figure it out, call us back and let us know.
Do you say the same thing 6,000 times?
Yeah, pop this.
Okay, pal.
Score it, score it, go pop it.
You see, next to the round with 98 degrees, and you better not open up a mouth of 98
degrees, so that's the last slice of pizza you're getting from me.
Oh, you know who don't like 98 degrees?
Robert Grieper.
Yeah, he don't like 98 degrees, which tells me they must be pretty good.
He likes all that satanic heavy metal banger head.
Robert Grieper?
Yeah.
Well, he's just a kind, just a little nerd like him is the kind of real dangerous that's
going to come and shoot up the whole place someday.
You mark my words.
Now, it won't be somebody that used to look real freaky like Tommy or like what's his
name downstairs with Carlos.
Score it, score it.
Well, you're not that freaky.
It'll be somebody who's real nerdy like Robert Grieper, who say something will come in
with a nine millimeter.
And start blowing it.
Score it, score it all over the place.
I got news for you, Robert.
You're not bad for a little Jewish kid and you're a nice guy and get that door open for
me here in the morning.
Yeah, he, you know, he takes care of stuff.
He's probably in here stealing stuff.
But he's okay.
But you start picking on 98 degrees again, Robert.
And you're going to be having real serious problems, man.
You're going to have to wind up with the horses, head in your bed, all kinds of stuff going
to happen.
It's been going to go out.
This is very good, by the way.
And the audience can't hear you.
And you're supposed to come out here and say, yes, yes, a really good.
Yeah.
The super combo for real pigs like us.
And see, this is bad if you got IBS because look at all the stuff.
It's got beef, pepperoni, sausage, ham, onions, cheddar cheese, black olives, mushrooms,
green peppers, tomatoes, mozzarella cheese.
But this is all I'm going to eat is these 15, 20 pieces here today.
And that's it for the whole day.
And those subs there that I'm not know you can take those home.
What?
You don't want to take them home?
I do.
Well, there you go.
So the perks of being here, they give me a little, what?
Christ, if I eat all the food that comes in here, there'd be a big piano box over there
and I'd be in it.
Oh, yeah.
Remember Neil, he's in there.
21 till 2 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
All right, this is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Hello, this is Mob Doll.
You know, a few years ago I had prostate surgery.
Initially I was worried simply about recovering.
And I began to worry about the post-operative side effects like erectile dysfunction,
ED.
Sometimes known as impotence.
Also, referred to as whiskey weiner,
Wagon Lent, soft surf, down periscope, wildly wily,
glass and flagpole, head and south, spaghetti fendrome, went biscuit, you know,
ding dong, the witch is dead.
But there is help.
You need to see a doctor with a little courage and a proper treatment.
He can help you achieve an erection, sometimes known as a boner.
Often referred to as a spiffy, hard time pocket rocket,
granite gum drop, concrete crawler, roller quarters, a chubby,
pitch in the tent or being harder than Chinese algebra.
And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed
because there's now hope for men and their partners.
Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse.
Sometimes known as sex, often referred to as the Humpty Dance,
bumping ugly, hiding the phalami,
splitting the upright, the tube steak buggy, getting some on you,
mashing that, you know, taking a trip to the mom.
So remember, it's a little embarrassing to talk about,
but with a little courage and a few creative euphemisms,
few too, can leave behind the soft rock,
get yourself some hard salami, ride the Bolognipone
into a bright new future.
I'm Bob Dole, thank you.
17-2-2 at 5.60, I'm very impressed about what you just told me about
poor Miguel who can't go to the swing club because his boss,
Chris Reed, goes there himself.
I mean, seriously, I can only look at it from my perspective
because I'm sure you'd be rather indifferent.
But if you had an opportunity to go into that back room there
and watch Miguel getting it on with his girlfriend,
or watch Chris Reed doing it with like even an iguana or anything,
is there any context?
No.
Is what would be more interesting to watch?
No.
No.
In fact, just sitting here thinking, I mean,
I don't want to say too loud like on the air,
anything, but the idea of watching Chris Reed
participate, I mean, I mean, the nice lunch,
I shouldn't be talking about this,
because it's starting to like back up a little bit.
Huh?
You don't know what you say.
I do know what I say.
Believe me, I do know Jose.
But then again, Miguel's a little on the Shrides side.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
My post, of course, he's concerned about important things,
like what's going on down there on the little Havana.
He'll be all right.
We'll loosen him up a little bit.
Here's Miami.
We got 600 open lines.
Hello?
Miami?
Okay, they're, uh, dealing with them.
One last call on the board, and that's it.
When I finally walked these people out of their left of G,
we actually had a little, uh,
somewhere in their long line.
We had a few calls.
After a very rocky start this morning,
a desperate start probably because most of these people are, uh,
hiding from their bookies after yesterday.
Now, what was the, uh, points for them in the K-NR,
did we have any idea?
You don't know and you work on the sports nerd station.
It was saying, Lewis by what?
11 or something like that.
I don't think they covered.
They won't buy a touchdown.
I don't think they covered.
But anyway, not that I care about those things.
But if that's the case, there could be a lot of people out there
like contemplating dangerous things.
Here's Pompano.
Hello?
The spread was seven.
What is it?
The spread was seven.
Oh, seven.
So that's a point.
That's a point you caught everything.
It's a one?
The bookies won all the money.
They took all of the E-Po's money.
Good excellent.
Seven.
That'll teach him.
I'd like to talk to you for a second about Hiddison's pass
on a two line pass, uh, Saturday.
Do you think the set was, uh, a very good move on his part?
The two line pass?
I didn't see it.
I wasn't here.
And on the second one, I'd like to, on the full line.
Let me ask you this question, sir.
What was the pass?
If you pass, it's a lot.
What was the final score in the game on Saturday?
Three to one.
It was?
Three to two.
No.
It's very was on the final score in the game Saturday, sir.
It's very was a, uh, uh, can't tell me to score.
Pampers won over Edmonton two to one.
And this guy's complaining.
So you know what would be like my calling up and say,
oh gee, you know, at least keep getting off the bad starts in these games.
They were down two, nothing L.A.
They're at Saturday.
Did they win the game?
Highscore at Stevie Thomas.
He's how does a pistol stop me?
Nice go out to the yard.
Score to one and go with 19 seconds to go.
So you don't complain when you win, but this town,
you're much a crybaby is okay.
But your crybaby is in don't be messin'
with my close best personal friend, redheadican, okay?
Hi, this is Fred Hedicon.
And you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan,
new rockers on sports radio, 5.60 QAM.
All right.
You've got to kind of like this jockey,
rocky roller hockey sonny.
Maybe ought to be playing roller hockey.
You know I was okay in my book that I couldn't hit again.
Let's get him on the air.
Oh and speaking of okay in my book,
as I was watching the Super Bowl yesterday,
because I keep hearing these nerds, you know,
with a Danny and Jimmy and now Jimmy's going
to the Danny and Danny.
And who are they talking about to be the next quarterback
that they might make a deal for?
Trent Green.
Did you see Trent Green on the sidelines yesterday?
Speaking of seeing people naked at the Swing Club
that you'd like to.
I mean, I've seen Trent Green before
and I knew his pretty good, but in football,
you always see these guys with their helmets on,
you know, so you really are.
You're not that positive
until you get a naked picture like Tommy Brady,
the one that Mad Dog left me here.
And I thought to myself, God, if there's one way,
of course you won't be too happy about it,
because you're like those free.
Yeah, bad news, Joe.
Bad news for Joe Costog,
got all my dolphin tickets this past season,
because I'm sick and tired of going to that boring crap.
But one way to get me back to P.P. Park
would be Trent Green a quarterback.
He has a stud.
There you go.
He is a stud.
He's no Tommy Brady, but he is a stud.
He could play on my team any day of the week.
Trent Green.
We want Trent Green right now.
Davey and Trent.
Trent and Davey.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60.
The place he's a good quarterback, too.
He's a hell of a good quarterback.
He just don't have the faith in the Lord like Kurt does.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Green.
One morning, I was listening to the worst team.
I was talking about move.
All right, well, they're talking to me Danny, Danny,
Jimmy, same old thing.
Yeah.
So I switch over to the fan,
and he's talking about boomerah science today.
And he calls, I'm about him making fun of him,
and now Michael's on the air and stuff.
So it happens that boomer calls him out
and it's like eight o'clock in the morning.
He's complaining about diamonds about something.
So then boomerah goes, hold on, I have a thing.
I got somebody here who wants to talk to you.
And it's now Michael.
He gets on the line.
So it's because you know, saying the same thing
about being complained about and making fun of and whatnot.
And now I'm a churned writer.
You know the scary thing about this is,
why is that Michael's in your whole time room?
And it's actually the point.
Yeah, excellent.
Good point.
I was going on inside the making.
I'm an a dead man in the suit like the I'm in.
Actually came up with a line.
I was going there, Don.
So now you know why boomerah is there.
He's out Michael's bitch.
They're tight.
OK, thanks.
They used to be tight.
Yeah, the boomer blows.
OK, get him out of there.
The boomer needs to go lower the boom on the boomer.
Bring back not that I really care,
because I don't want you more to that stuff anyway.
So how about those bad passes in the game,
even though the path is one again?
Montreal, Canadians, this Wednesday, I'll be there.
Would you be there?
No.
No, you're going to be there?
No.
Why not?
Same as always.
Because you don't have tickets?
That's right.
Well, why don't you get rumored to get you some tickets?
Or why don't we get our friend Mike Hanson?
Mike Hanson is a sweetheart.
He's a great guy.
He and Steve Dangerfield are the two guys in that organization.
Well, appreciate what I do for hockey
and for Florida Panther hockey.
They will get you some tickets to appear.
They'll get you a pair even bigger than Ray Whitney's got.
That's possible.
They'll get you a pair for Wednesday's game.
All right.
Huh?
That's great.
You know, whenever I mark my words, if Mike Hanson
don't come through now, I'm going to tell the people
about his bad two pay.
10 before 2 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM at CHAPLIN.
Knows the scores.
Starting at 10.00.
10.00.
10.00.
Weekndite.
Only on sports radio 5.50 QAM.
They play like men and they look like women.
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why.
When you hear the latest release from Black Panther Entertainment,
give Mandage sings duet.
But now I'll ride.
Ride the round and speed, ride the jigs.
I'll ride.
Hear the mad dog.
Give Mandage sings classic rock.
This is all right.
This is all right.
I'll ride.
And now, baby, this is all right.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Mandage sings.
Who likes me?
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
at first Jim Steadie built a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
The music's been on war, huh?
But now he says, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss it up with that cottage cheese bun.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and face these
and the cheese string up here, I'll do it.
You got so much!
That is so right!
Oh, crap!
Listen to the mad dog sing a self happy!
Oh, crap!
Oh, crap!
Oh, crap!
Oh, crap!
Oh, crap!
Oh, no!
Jim Steadie, this isn't duet.
Available now at all.
I'm at your press school.
Very good.
Excellent.
There is a Jonas Titan up by Archibull Andrels is the
Apparity.
567, I will 0560, 0560 on the 18th.
I can't believe you don't know nobody but me by the human
beings.
If you heard the beginning of it, you'd know.
I can't sing.
Look at Brian, I'll bring it in for you.
Look at us, we got two calls to kill five minutes.
Is that going to cut it?
No.
Got a book in the mail here from one of these pennies as
publishers, they wanted to put guests on here.
Do we put guests on?
No.
Opening to love 365 days a year.
Definitely save this for a clearance.
Who is desperately searching for that opening.
Only once.
Gotta start somewhere.
567, 0560, 0560, 0560.
And also we get talking about taking a lot of food home out
here.
What Joe will do today?
From our friends at Pull My Finger Enterprises in Somer.
In Los Angeles, no less.
That's the stuff with all the far towns on it last year.
All those hundreds of them.
Now they have sarcastically.
It's its own fortune and fortune cookies.
The fortunate ones are mildly looking at.
But here's a whole bunch of fortune cookies for you.
Boxes and boxes of them.
So you got some sandwiches.
We got two gigantic pizzas here from Godfathers.
Do we know how to do it on a show or what?
Here's a mobile in four-letter.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
One is the guy who said the line was seven and so the bookies
cleaned up.
He was right.
The line was seven but that's a push.
The bookies don't come.
That's what I said.
I kept trying to say it to push but he wasn't listening.
Oh, I didn't hear you.
And he wouldn't shut up.
Yeah.
I was like, you were just speaking of fortune cookies.
And I went to a Chinese restaurant recently and I eat.
And then I open my fortune cookie and it says everybody hates you.
It did.
I never got one like that before.
Oh, that must be one of these because they're like regular fortune cookies
but they got sarcastically fortune inside.
I'm only kidding.
I just made that up.
And then I laughed.
I guarantee you there would be one of those in his box.
Yeah, there should be.
The last one is this.
I've had one of you guys.
I think it was booed like a year ago but it was funny.
He said, you always see those guys when they score a touchdown
if something's saying, you know, well, you know,
they stop praising God and he said, but you never see him say,
Jesus, everything was going fine until Jesus made me fumble.
Right.
Exactly.
Okay.
I have a rate they found.
I want to show you how the Titans just aren't lordly enough.
That's their problem.
They're not saying the right prayers.
They don't have the right God.
They have bat lined phone number.
Isaac Bruce.
Isaac.
Whatever his name is.
Man.
Oh man.
185 children from four Lauderdale.
Well, he has to do his yellow.
Jesus and that freight train will stop right there on the tracks right.
Didn't it's a track?
That's what happened yesterday.
In fact, I'm really surprised down Michaels and the boomerar.
Marjoral as he is.
Missing out if they would have had the audio down the on field microphones cranked up.
You could have heard when a touchdown pass from Kurt Warner.
In fact, it was from God to Jesus to Moses.
That's right.
All they needed was a little alien out there in the middle to be the pimped the middleman.
The intermediary.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
There's a door nail in Kendall.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
And you how you doing?
Okay, sir.
That lap guy that just called a thing is a big jerk.
And I was thinking of what all he needed.
Loser.
Chronic loser.
Loser.
You could smell it.
Or whatever the phone pal, you better start doing something about that.
You could smell you right over the phone.
Sounds like a Julio Josh Friedman.
5.670560.560 on the 18 to the right.
Listen, we'd like to get that last minute and a half going here so we can eat the right of this Godfather's.
Damn it.
Yeah, don't you hate when that happens like you want to speed that clock up.
Move it ahead.
Move it ahead.
Like in a hockey game.
You got a one goal lead about seven minutes to go.
And you keep thinking, come on, get that clock out like double up the speed there.
Is it a long because we're sure not going to score.
