560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
460 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
660 WQAM presents a Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil.
Hello.
Good morning, the First Lady's office, May I help you?
All right, so when you say First Lady, you're referring to Laura Bush.
It's being the First Lady of the State of Texas, right?
No, sir.
She is the President's wife, so she would be the First Lady of the United States of America.
But he's not the President.
Yes, he is, sir.
Mask who is this?
This is Domino.
Oh, I'm sorry, Domino.
But we didn't order any pizza.
But thank you very much for calling.
I know.
What the devil is going on here.
These people are acting like they want, like some sort of election was held.
There's more counting to do.
There's more chats and dimples, lawsuits and hearings.
No.
It's 10.03.05.60 WQAM.
You know something, if he would have been half his warm during the campaign, if he was last night,
and would have had a good makeup they had, you notice he didn't look like a cigar-ster Indian?
He didn't have 40 layers of pancake makeup.
But he looked okay.
And of course they were, oh, it was the greatest.
It was so wonderful.
And then, WQAM on there, and he didn't look like a deer in the headlights.
He looked a little better than usual.
And there was much to do about nothing.
What you saw was two mediocre guys, just like what we had before November the 7th.
Didn't I come on the year?
On November the 8th, the day after the election, and said, we were going to have a bloodless coup.
Didn't I say that?
The last time I checked, yeah.
Didn't I also say salespeople or iceholes?
See, I don't want to get started on the year with that because the audience doesn't care about that all the way I do.
But it goes back to what I've been telling you for the last 100 years about why I absolutely refused to go to those Christmas parties.
Now, of course, you like to free food, which I understand.
You're making like two bucks an hour.
I understand that.
Plus, you're a lot more sociable and a lot easier to push over than I am.
Plus, you're not in a position to tell it quite as many people to f off as I am.
Oh, no.
No.
You can avoid people.
See, it's one thing when you work in a place where you're like 50 or 100 people, and if you just invariably you're going to wind up in a situation where there got to be a couple of people that you don't like or they don't like you.
But this place is extraordinary.
I have never.
Been in a place like this one because this is a place not just where I find a whole bunch of people who are detestable and incompetent at best.
But people that I avoid like to play people I would not only want to speak to, but I won't even look at because I find them so unacceptable.
But, you know, when you've been around for 800 years, like I said, and you're in a position where you can just say, you don't go to the Christmas parties and suck around with people who are insincere.
There's nothing worse to me than a backstabber.
People who are glad to hand you and say, hey, I had a phone ease.
Phones.
And of course you're easily influenced by those people, but that's okay.
The least part of you is because you figure at least it's worth a free meal.
I don't need the free meal.
It just gives me odds of it anyway.
There are people here that I like.
There are people here I like.
So I'm not talking about this morning.
I like Tommy.
In fact, let's make the short list.
It's a short list, but we find a little table.
We like to add them down in sales.
We pass along our condolences.
Adam's dad just passed away on Monday, and he's a good guy.
And what can I say?
He's a good guy.
We like John Penis who used to work here.
In fact, most of the people in sales that we like, they're gone.
Because they were smart enough to get to Elan here.
Scott's words are like him.
He's long gone.
But we have some people in here who just number one, they don't listen.
Number two, they're absolutely enough.
And number three, they're backstabbers.
I don't feel it backstabbers.
I don't have the time for it.
In addition, which let me ask you, who are you working for today?
Are you working for Peter Leonard or Maddie Bell?
Let me check the list.
Yeah, check the list and see how many of these assholes in this place are your bosses today.
I'm checking it twice.
Okay.
And then when you go to the next Christmas party, be sure to go to the Glad Hand them and the et cetera.
Oh, man.
All I want to say, one more time.
Sales people are our iceholes.
Okay. I just mentioned that in passing.
949 votes on yesterday's poll.
Who's most blamed for Al Gore losing this election?
Al Gore himself, 42.8%.
407 votes.
And I concur wholeheartedly.
Dumb voters, 171.
Roughnater, 127.
State of Florida, 83.
D. Weston, P.C.
61.
Theresa Lafore, 42.
Jewelie Brumman, 39.
A Florida Supreme Court, 19.
Al Gore himself.
The election was there for him to hand.
And these people I want to carry on and continue moaning and groaning.
And, gee, the Jesse Jackson's in the world.
Or you know who else they had on Al Sharpton last night?
There is one of the most despicable.
There's another one on my long list.
See, I have a short list of the people I really like.
And a long list of people who I find despicable.
And Al Sharpton is one of them.
And I just, you know, I just see just as bad as it is that the Republicans have to be in bed with Jerry Falwell and Tom Delay.
And that crowd, we've got Jesse Jackson and we've got Al Sharpton that we have to deal with.
Everybody's got their baggage, which is why I still say this country desperately, I do mean desperately need a third party, a centrist party.
Socially liberal, economically conservative.
That's what we need, just like Jesse Ventura says.
That's what, and all the markets want, push, they want, but I'm looking at everything is in the down, the arrows are all pointing down again.
We had another real bad day on the market yesterday to keep getting these bad earnings reports in.
Bush is in there.
It's about as official as it's going to get to Lee Boyz's hand up in here and lies or whatever he's going to do.
And so are the crapper.
Where's all this euphoria?
At least for an economic standpoint, he hasn't even gotten in there yet and he's already off to a bad start.
Because this was supposed to be the thing to pacify some of us, you know, and bring out the green factor.
If you can't get your man in, at least be happy because maybe your beaten down stocks are going to come back up.
Are they coming back up?
No.
No.
But you've got to get over it.
Eventually, life has got to move on.
And there's some people out there who just don't want it to move on.
Dan Rabbit did a good little editorial last night, which I don't think I've ever seen do that before.
Two minutes at the end of the CBS News.
About this is no way to hold an election.
And about these vodalmatic machines and all this other grotesque, outdated neonatal way that we vote.
He said this can never happen again.
And they're saying, oh, but you know, it might cost $2.3 billion to make sure the state, yeah, so what's $2.3 billion?
They can fart that out in about a half a second for whatever the hell they want.
Oh, but that's the cost of a B1 bomber, yeah, and what's the point about that?
What's the point of having elections if you're not going to do it right?
And then I see the hero does going to be recounting or at least they've gone to court to get the date balance.
They're only getting the date balance. You realize that.
And now we have the AP may or may not do something they haven't done yet.
And all these other news organizations, so what you're going to have is all this convoluted,
somebody's counting date, somebody maybe is counting brown, and nobody's ever going to know.
I don't care how many times they count the guy at the end votes.
I don't care how many dimpled and pimple chads that they stick up their...
Correct them.
...they're never going to know who won.
We're never going to have an accurate count.
The point is if you have a good candidate, if you have somebody with some charisma,
somebody with some credibility, somebody with some warmth, he showed more warmth in five or six minutes last night.
They didn't last five or six months.
Don't you think? He was like, all my underlined the almost, almost human.
He had been tenderized.
Really? I wonder who was eight offs.
Ten past ten at five, sixty, WQAM.
And look how quiet that phone is this morning, boys and girls, there's nearly a call on the board.
You want to know why? Because now it's like, oh, what do we do now?
No, what do we do now?
Punt.
No question of the photo may be reproduced to have the express written action of each 3AM,
DCF, like the group incorporated.
Sales, people are ISO.
In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McFeel purges all the Christmas favorites.
Ali McFeel purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cake.
Ten past ten at five, sixty, WQAM.
Don't forget the pixel off the parents Tuesday, the one and only of this year.
What are you going to raise about?
50 bucks there, Tuesday.
That's okay.
Six to nine PM at the world famous pizza lot.
A lot of all the best in the LCDs and cassettes and the t-shirts and those free buttons
and those dumb picture cards, it's your last chance to get one.
Not the noise making buttons we want to be like.
Those aren't buttons. Those are called key chains.
People hear buttons and they say, those are called key chains.
The button button who's got the button you ain't getting one because we don't have any of those key chains.
We have those really nifty button we call those best in the old buttons with a picture of you.
I mean with my, with my digit up in the ear and my finger too, that's their cute.
And they're free and the picture cards and that's it.
And I don't want any of those pony sales hole showing up there sucking around either on Tuesday night.
Just mention that ahead of time like the last time.
Your George was commenting before the power 96 people keep coming in here to sales people.
We don't have anything to do with them other than the fact we work in the same building and they happen to be mostly nice guys.
And we're going to check for plan parenthood.
Did the line form at the door or did I miss it?
Did you see any checks so far from the FQA themselves the promise for plan parenthood?
Since I went through that tie right the other day, you see anything in there?
No, no, I'm sure they're waiting for payday.
Oh, MSB yet.
Okay, here's our last poll about this presidential stuff maybe.
No, shouldn't this be the last one and then tomorrow move on to other stuff if we can find any other stuff?
Oh, Mike Mayo actually wrote a pretty good column today. It's about time I'd say, I'd say this is a double today.
Last one with the Panther stuff that was like maybe an infield single, a scratch hit.
But a double today, A-Rod Wheels in the Door Fans are on the hook.
I might even read that later because it looks like I probably need to kill some time.
Here's our poll today on Neoronges.com.
Should Al Gore be the Democratic candidate for president in 2004?
Yes? No?
Or I don't care.
That's our poll today on Neoronges.com.
And what do you think? What do you think?
For example, when I talk about people who refuse to let this go,
and when I say let this go, that doesn't mean the payback won't be a bitch, especially for a jet bus in 2002.
And there's a big article in the paper about that which I'll get to.
But I'm talking about in terms of your life, you can't just continue,
oh gee, the Supreme Court let us down and they bother.
Yeah, it's a bloodless coup. They took it over. They stole it fair and square.
All the relatives had their finger in it.
The secretary of Bush, she had her finger in her eye-lashes in it.
And that's it. There you go. You may not like it, but that's it.
And tell Jesse to get the hell out of the streets with all those farchers.
And why is that? He could do a lot more constructive and teach him out of vote right.
He just, him and Al Shufton, that's a match made in purgatory.
We should buy him a trip to Siberia, one way ticket.
But here's an example of what I'm talking about.
Here's Ruth who I'm sure her intentions are good.
She facts me this. Bush Whackens got a copy of the Butterfly Ballet from Palm Beach.
Election 2000. Nioh, would you like one of these T-shirts?
My official gift to you, Ruth. No.
No. And then she's got a number and phone and all the colors available.
And the answer is no. No, Ruth. Sorry. I appreciate the offer, but the answer is still. No. No.
Because I'm not going to dwell on it. It's over and life will go on.
I mean, it's a question of which dimlet we wanted and their which home was the most dangerous.
And then we'll see. We'll give them two or three days and see how he does.
Right? Maybe he likes to be turned out to be okay.
No. Okay. What do you think? I'm sorry. I kept it as long as I could.
Well, I'm trying to be, you know, keep a good sense of humor about it.
Maybe you'll turn out to be not so bad. What do you think?
No. Maybe you'll turn out to be smart. What is it? No.
Oh. Smarter than we thought. No.
Here's a mobile of himself, Miami. Hello.
Hey, Nioh, how's it going? Okay.
Just want to say something then get a sum off my chest.
First of all, the sales people at $5.50 stock.
Yeah. I called them about three weeks ago asking them for some information on the sponsor.
And I haven't heard from them since. And you won't.
Most likely. Listen, have you heard about the home state airport to try and build?
Yeah. You know, I think that really sucks. I heard it from Texas Rich Company guy.
I want to come down here and put it in and mess up the environment or whatnot.
And I just want to let you know I'm going to fight that to the day I die.
Good. And just keep them out.
Just even tour of 2004.
All right. Yeah, our sales department blows.
Even even listeners know that. Just that.
You can walk into a like an elementary school and ask the kids.
Hey, you guys know I think about the QM sales department.
All the kids would turn around. Oh, they suck.
And Unison, they would give it a shout.
I mean, I hate to lump them all together because I guess we got, you know, one or two people down there
who were like trying the best, like I said, Adam and Brian tries his best in his own bizarre peculiar exploitive way.
Am I leaving anybody out?
Oh, yeah. I left Fat Boy out.
And Todd, direct.
And your best close personal friend.
Your new employer, Peter Letters.
Yeah. Give me the tape. Give me the tape.
Now, I wish. I mean, I had to take the gigantic dump.
I don't want to go into great detail.
It was very, very rewarding.
But I'm sitting in there and I come back in here come to find out that you're getting orders from Peter Leonard.
I mean, he's an asshole.
Who the hell is he?
Do we work for him now last time I checked?
No, I might. I don't know.
I mean, Lace Maddie Bell's got some kind of a title.
Asshole in chief or something like that.
But these flunky sales people.
Anyway, I don't want to get to see you distracted.
No, seriously, he distracted us from our, we come here to do a radio show.
The audience doesn't want to hear about this stuff, do they?
Yeah.
Oh, sure. Well, I mean, you know, I don't want to hear about all this back biting and all these assholes we have run around this place on the loose.
People who just don't get the message.
People who can't listen, who can't communicate.
The election fallout hovers over Jeb says the Harold.
And they're right.
Well, I mean, it's kind of a wishy-washy article by Mark Silva, whoever the hell he is.
But there is an interesting thing in here.
It says, Jeb Bush will go through an intense period of bitter acrimony where Democrats are concerned.
Postor Rob Schroffsett, whether there's enough time to heal these deep gaping wounds remains to be seen.
But other political observers say two years is an eternity in modern politics.
Most Americans got over impeachment that Susan McMainis, a man of Amos, professor of political science at the University of South Florida.
Most Americans got over OJ.
Most Americans will get over the selection.
See, what he doesn't understand.
They got over OJ from the standpoint of because it was non-TV every day, like the ongoing soap opera,
that they weren't obsessed with it, like we were for months and months and months.
But in terms of their hatred for him, they're at their absolute contempt for him, which is shown in the fact that
everywhere he tried to move until he moved under the candle, they said, no, they still hate him like poison.
Oh, man.
Just the mention of his name makes the hair stand up on many people's necks, including yours truly.
Good old OJ.
Oh, man.
So as far as getting over the election, yeah, of course we have to do that.
But in terms of, will we be any less furious with Jeb Bush?
I don't think so.
In fact, there are a lot of people right now as of this moment already making that their number one priority
to make sure that we get his ass out in 2002.
Let's say bye-bye, bye-bye to Jeb.
Here's a model in Stuart. Hello.
Yeah, I'm Mill.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Listen, Mill, about the pre-scientist church, let's not glorify him by calling him FIGs.
It's after all that kind of fire.
You know, affects are human beings.
Yeah.
So we always, you know, you know, we always say that thing.
I know that there's any church.
Yeah.
No, they are part of fire.
These are facts in the church.
Yeah.
And as far as the election thing goes, hey, what could you say?
You know, that the winner lost the loser won.
And better luck to us next time.
We go on.
We'll blood out.
We'll blood be.
I think that sums it up very well.
Thank you very much.
And that's not a pretty well.
Yeah.
Oh, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood.
Yeah.
In fact, when Peter Lender comes in, again, that's the thing you ought to tell him.
Oh, blood, blood, blood, blood.
And I will second that emotion.
Translated in English, that means.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
And I'm pretty good game by the Panthers last night.
Good effort.
Gutsy called her an overtime by Teri Marie.
Even I'll give him credit for that.
Try to measure it again and the stick didn't work out.
Thanks to Trevor Kid.
They didn't want to be losing it overtime.
Again, but they had nothing to lose.
Got the plot against the very weak erratic Detroit team.
It's playing crappy at home.
But nonetheless, they played the pre-dem well last night at the Panthers.
But it's still another tie.
They still can't win any games.
And we now the article in the Herald this morning says,
Two Prospective Owners.
So we have to sit back and wait for somebody to come and invite it before any issue was going to drop.
Before anything is really done.
And like Mike Mayo says, the time has come for the fans.
And they've already done it on their own.
Anybody that's got the dish, that's got a small dish that has the package for the NBA or the NHL or what.
Whatever you can you can channel surf and go from one game to another and see those enormous chunks of empty seats everywhere.
Gigantic chunks.
Fleet center.
Thousands and thousands of people disguised as empty yellow seats for every home game.
And that's one of the original six teams.
That's that's supposed to be real sports now.
You know, it's like if you go into a restaurant where the food used to be great.
And the service was great.
You really enjoyed it there.
And the quality of the food starts deteriorating.
But the prices keep going up.
And the service is kind of like, eh, you know, we don't care.
Like they just expect your business.
And as time goes on, the food keeps getting worse and worse.
And the prices keep going up.
And the service is indifferent at best.
Is there anybody with a brain that's going to go back?
Of course not.
Of course not.
Give me a good product.
And if it's a great product, maybe you can justify raising the prices.
But at least give me a good product.
Don't just kind of expect it just because it's there.
I'm going to come and subsidize your business.
And build you a restaurant or an arena or a stadium or whatever it had you want.
It's madness.
It's craziness.
Oh, we're going to find the money to have like an election done the right way to have always computerized machines.
And like I said yesterday, we sure find all kinds of creative ways to build stadiums and arenas for the food.
And we're going to have to have a lot of money for billionaires for these poor guys.
And then of course, one thing is don't quite go just the way they want.
Like in Wayne's case, I'll screw you guys.
I'll trash the team and you guys, whatever you have left.
And I know it's last night before the telecast.
Here's BM money.
Oh yeah, we got the 2003 All Star game.
What another convenient cloud, more office scathing.
These guys are lucky.
I've never seen two guys like them who just constantly.
Every time they roll out of bed, they fall into a bucket of schmitz.
Every time.
No matter how inept they are, they have many mistakes they make that just so they can do no wrong.
And now they got the great luxury of being, they've got this, this time gap.
Somebody is saving their job because now we have to wait for somebody to come along and buy the team.
But you keep buying those tickets now.
Come on.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, you are.
Let's ask those want to get rid of the alien.
Now you got George W. Good trade.
You rock it, scientists.
Here's a mobile.
What the heck is that?
I'm on.
Exactly.
Hey, George Bush, Jr. the little Jebby here, little Mr. Porter retard.
He's gone in two years man.
There's no doubt.
Well, I hope so.
But the question is, who the devil got going to put up against them?
Are we going to come up with another retard?
We'll find another guy.
Another dead man like Buddy McKay.
So, also what's the deal with these talking heads on MSNBC?
They're saying Bush may try to find a Democratic senator in a state with a Republican governor.
Sure, so they can get the president.
So they can get the president.
Well, the Senate again, right?
They're talking about John Bro from Louisiana and then they got a Republican governor.
He can appoint a Republican in the Senate.
But the Democrats, I don't think even the Democrats are that stupid, they're going to get sucked into that.
Wood Day, though, you know, with whoever he goes for the senator has enough control over his ego to pass up a presidential appointment.
Well, I think the Democrats need to make whoever it might be enough for they can't refuse.
Exactly.
Maybe Donald Colione can go check them out.
Did you hear about Italy?
They arrested 12 women in the mob?
Yeah.
Now, it's Donald Colione.
Well, why the hell should they be left out?
Well, they found out that they were women in the mob because every 28 days there was a raft of shootings.
Well, now they will fear you.
Okay, I have a great day.
That's what Connie said.
Now they will fear you.
I think they ought to fear you.
Don't ever give an order like that again.
Isn't that what the guys from Atlantic City Sub's told JP that time?
27, I'll see, now we're going to get in trouble with them.
I shouldn't have said that.
All right, shut up.
This is 560.
QAO.
Fail, people are iceholes.
It's been a year in the making now, now.
There, there, there, in the back, kicking off their world tour.
With their latest CDs.
Ah, fat, sweet boy.
A fat, sweet boy.
Featuring their new hit single, are we there yet?
Fat, are we there yet?
A fat room saw.
Can we pull over?
I gotta go through the bathroom.
Bobby's hitting me.
Ah, Bobby wants to stop hitting me.
No, he did too.
He's touching me.
Also featuring Terrell.
Well, stop it.
I'm telling you kids, right now if you don't stop, I'm gonna turn this car around and we're going back home.
No!
I'm feeling bad.
I think I'm gonna be set.
Move.
The back, boy.
I feel a little record stores now.
Pull over here, I gotta take a leak.
How come all these Godfather lines are popping in my head today?
What are with that song about?
560.
560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Some of you people, I think this should be your new year's resolution, even though it's only the 15th and 14th of December, whatever hell it is.
That you're gonna just let go.
I know you're pissed off a lot of you.
Pissed off, fired up, whatever it is.
Betrayed, all of these other wonderful things.
Let it go.
Don't forget it.
Put it away in a little compartment in your mind when the time comes.
But other than that, go live a life if you can find one.
Cut the crap already.
All of the facts machine is pouring over.
I'm not gonna read any more articles about gore and bush and bush and gore.
You know, some of her are interesting, but not anymore.
Enough is enough already.
They stole it fair and square.
And in Supreme Court are just like everybody else.
They're partisan.
The appointments are political.
It's a bunch of hacks.
And that's it.
And all this idealism.
I've been telling you this for so long.
Oh no, you're wrong.
The other system is the best in the world.
How long have I been telling you that's a pile of crap?
We got the halves and the have not.
That's still what America's all about.
And the little people who really think they got something to say about it.
You're dreaming.
You can be pissed off about that, but you're flicking dreaming.
Like these people really give a crap about what you and I think.
They couldn't give a crap less.
All those people that are writing out the big checks,
all those hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of campaign money.
Those are the people that they care about.
And they're gonna make sure they take care of.
Here's a mobile in the grove.
Hello.
Yeah, hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the elections over with.
Right.
I got another issue I like to bring up.
Yes, sir.
Two years ago, a kid got electrocuted on the bus bench.
Uh-huh.
Now we got two more.
We got two more.
Uh-huh.
Before that, there's been other people killed.
Right.
There was legislation in Tallahassee.
In our local politicians don't believe this, but there are electricians to be licensed,
tested in license before they're out there working on their own.
And where public safety is addressed.
And it's a shame that you look at a light poll,
you're walking in the puddle, you're wondering nowadays if you're gonna get fried.
Right, exactly.
You know, and uh...
And I hate to break the news to the audience, but the president has nothing to do with that.
That has to do with the people right here where you live.
Right, I understand that.
And there was, uh, it was called the LaCosta Bill that, uh,
pushed this through the Senate, uh, a couple years ago.
Where they can't believe that we have to have a licensed journeyman to do electrical work under so many helpers.
Well, they did away with that.
And everybody takes electricity for granted that, oh, to switch the plug, it works.
But what's the way to get through?
The lawyers crawl out, learning for rocks, and they're ready to sue.
Yep.
You know?
And I just believe that this is a public safety issue, should be addressed.
And that's all I gotta say, man, you have a good show, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Two soulmates were born three days apart at South Miami Hospital,
didn't meet until they both moved to Nicaragua,
and died side by side on the street in Sweetwater.
Electrocution victims Edgar, NCRT, and Miguel Calajas,
planned to celebrate their 16th birthdays together next week.
Instead, two friends were remembered when they had Edgar's funeral.
But you like that.
Huh?
I don't like it.
Yeah, we're frying over here.
Slip shot, shotty, cheap contract labor.
Investigators typically request that the medical examiner test metal found on electric coutions victims,
the polarization test showed the direction of an electrical current,
results could help homicide detectives determine whether one of both teens touched the energized pool,
touched one another, or just blast barefoot through charged water.
So you want to think about you people in Dave County,
and I'm not blaming people who live there who have no choice.
But I'm just talking about the powers that be...
You can't do anything right.
I've always said that, and it's true, and that's one reason I got that a lot of there many, many years ago,
and I kissed the ground in Broward.
I mean, not that we don't have problems in Broward, we have a lot of old people, a lot of toe jam,
a lot of overspilling philosophy back.
We don't have any drainage.
I mean, we got our own problems.
But Dave County just seems to have a special grasp on not being able to do anything right.
Because the politicians in Dave County are all either too busy trying to state a hell out of jail,
or getting the fix in at the airport, and everywhere else for all their buddies who are smearing them under the table.
But they can't be worried about the goddamn little people.
They don't give a crap about these things.
And the president's not going to change that.
Even all, you know, to a lot of people who is very important,
put a lot of energy into it, but the president's got nothing to do with that.
And so long as you keep putting the same assholes in there over and over again,
and I'll say it again, you can scream about the Cubans all you want,
but the majority of the Anglo-Voton Dave County's last election went to Mayor Penga Piccania again,
even after Allianne, after all the embarrassment,
after that whole song and dance with Janet Reno.
After all the eight trillion angry phone calls we had on this show, month after month.
And they still voted to put them back in again.
So as much as I hate singing for the umpteenth time,
the people in Dave County get what they deserve.
And then of course poor kids like this, important as advice,
they have nothing to say about it.
They wind up getting off into process.
They get caught in the crosshairs.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Neil Guy.
Yes, sir.
Once again, why is this coming as a surprise to anybody?
In South Florida, we can screw up a wet dream.
We have such a hard time doing anything right.
But I got it.
I'm a huge nearly, but I did vote for Bush.
I voted with my pocketbook.
I felt dirty after I did it.
Well, the pocketbook ain't looking too good right now.
I mean, where's that big goose we were supposed to get on Wall Street?
Tell me about it.
Forget about the nansack.
But I tell you this much.
I was damn impressed with course speech last night.
If he hadn't kept his personality in a lot of box, the whole life.
Yeah.
I think things might have been a lot different.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
Where was this algorithm before the election at any time?
I mean, it was just like night and day.
It was unbelievable.
Anyway, looking forward to seeing you at the beach all off and have a great day.
Okay, and you too.
Back to you.
5.670560, 0560.
Here's more facts about this and about that than Yoddy and an Oh, boy.
Woo!
Just give it a rest.
You know, quit.
You're all new environmentalists out there who are so concerned about the environment.
How many trees do we have to chop down to make the facts paper so you can keep voicing it here?
With stuff that I'm not going to read on the ear, I'm not going to read to myself
because as soon as I see what it's about, I should make can it.
It's not going to change.
You could be frustrated.
You could be angry.
You know what reminds me of like the spilt milk thing.
I'll give you a classic example.
One night, this summer, went over there and I guess it was during the summer.
I don't know if it was on this last trip.
It's not important when it was.
But I'm microwaving some soup in my apartment in Amsterdam.
And I've got this big terrain and I take a big can of soup.
And I'm micro because it's hard to find even in the supermarket there.
Much that's good to eat.
So I'm making soup, how bad can soup be?
And it gets done.
And I take it out and I take like a spool to see if it's hot enough.
No. And so I take some of it and I put it into a bowl.
And I put it back into microwave another 30 or 40 seconds.
Now I take the bowl out and now it's really hot.
Now I have stairs that go up to the loft.
We have up so above.
I have steps that sit right next to the refrigerator and microwave.
So I'm going to take the bowl and because it's so damn hot,
now I'm going to rest it on one of the steps until it cools off.
Well, oops, I missed.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm thinking to myself, oh, don't drop this and sure enough, I dropped it.
Now I could still be standing there saying, oh, gee, what am I going to do with the carpet?
Now I didn't do that.
I got out my paper towels.
I got out of a couple of schmothers.
I cleaned it up and life goes on.
It was a mess and as it was, it was like with little meatballs in it.
I mean, I had like meatballs all over the floor and all the scrap.
I cleaned it up.
I did the best I can.
Pretty good if you asked me for an old adieu.
And that's it.
See, that's one thing I learned a long time ago.
If only I would have filled on a blank is not a way to live your life.
There are so many people who do that.
Oh, if we were to just start, you can't do it over again.
You can't turn the clock back and have another shot at it.
It doesn't work that way.
Oh, if I just wouldn't have driven on that snowy road, well, too late now.
If I just wouldn't have taken that damn account.
This is 560 QAF.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560 QAF.
Bail people are iceholes.
17, 411 at 560 WQM.
Happy holidays to you from your good close friends at WQM.
And then we have several assholes here too, which are they don't care enough to send them very best or worse.
At any rate, our poll today is very distressing to me.
Not that I want to dwell on it.
See, like I said, there's a difference between dwelling on things that happen that distress you or a learning from them.
And stirring it away the information in your memory bank and then using it at the appropriate time.
I had this very, very, very disturbing feeling in the pit of my stomachs.
That a lot of you haven't learned the lesson of what we just went through.
Although you know something, it would seem to be that a lot of the people who say Al Gore should be to candidate.
A lot of those are probably Republicans.
Oh, yeah.
If I were a Republican, I'd love to see him run again.
Our poll question today on the Arrogers dot com should Al Gore be the Democratic candidate for president in 2004?
No, 23.
Yes, 17.
I don't care 12.
Disturbingly close, distressingly close.
And I sure hope that the yes, but it's aren't too many Democrats.
Because if that's the best Democratic party can do, then what are you belly-icking about?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
As a matter of fact, not only let's have him run again, let's make sure Lieberman is running with him. Yes, sir.
Hi. Yeah, I like to show my name's Jerry. I'm out here.
I just wanted to make an observation.
I think that all this talk about pregnant, trans and hanging trans and balance is a smokescreen being thrown up to pull the focus off the fact that this election was subverted on November 7th by the media, which reported Florida going for Gore.
That was a deliberate act done by some people that knew that Northern Florida was going to come in right wing and the bush would win.
But in reporting it for Gore, they pulled all the bush voters off and they went home.
Yeah, it was part of her conspiracy. I think with the trilaterals are the billedaburgers this time.
It's going to be in the billedaburg, sir.
Okay. The billedaburg group is in the billedaburg.
Or maybe the abominati, I think they ran on it?
The Libre-Nati would have wanted to go.
No.
But that's why I was in relation. Thank you, sir.
Okay, thank you so much. Call up Henry Bilderberg. I mean, Kissinger.
He was on Ergen last night to look at about 120 years old. Who the hell was that? That was none of the sales hole, wasn't?
Oh, no. That was Miguel. Oh, my God. I'll thank him.
We like the motions director not capitalized.
So you're going to get me very, very angry if you're going to get me whipped up about all this internal stuff,
which the audience doesn't care about all they should.
Because here's a guy who's done a great job. He's a good guy and never stole a freight train.
Everybody likes him. He's a worker. He's, you know, cares about what he's doing.
And they're still screwing him over because it's the Greg Reed slice beefy effing away.
Promotions director in pencil. Yeah, promotion director in drag.
Who works cheap because he's still the funky.
Thanks for all your great assistance on the campaign, Greg.
And thanks for that generous donation of a dollar when Joe Castello was out there in the QM van that day.
Thank you so much. You cheap prick you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
It's the holidays when it's supposed to be at, you know,
oh, I guess we don't do that anymore. Do we?
No.
Used to be once upon a time that they would say, oh, well,
during this time it's the season of good cheer and goodwill toward men and everybody like each other.
But we don't do that anymore. I put on a full knee act.
Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach.
And Joe, mobile and West Palm going once, going twice.
What do you expect from people who don't know how to vote?
56670560, you're not supposed to put the antenna in your laptop.
You're supposed to talk and add little thing with the holes in it. No, not that hole.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hollywood. Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you, sir?
Okay.
This is a long time listener and a second time caller.
And I just wanted to relate to you that my hobby is flying and I was talking to a young man from Amsterdam
who was learning to fly over here.
And he was saying that the taxes in Amsterdam are just outrageous.
I wonder if that's going to affect you when you retire.
No, because I don't have, I'm not a citizen.
Not going to be a citizen.
No, I'm not a citizen. I don't work there. I have no income there.
And I don't pay taxes there. Thank God.
And the costs are pretty outrageous over there too.
No, not really. Not really?
Well, it all depends on what you're talking about.
Well, aviation is I know that.
Oh, I see. Yeah. It all depends on what it is.
Yeah.
No, okay. Thank you very much.
Okay, thank you.
Well, you know, it all depends.
I guess this guy doesn't want me to be too optimistic
but I've been there about 2,000 times.
And I have an apartment there now in a special summer.
And I'm happy there. I like it.
And sometimes good things are worth paying for.
No, not that. I'm just talking about the experience of being there.
And don't start using that then.
County Pinto term quality of life.
Because the right wing is good all of a sudden.
That's one of their favorites.
Oh, yeah. That gets them wild quality of life.
Those are those, uh, County Pinto buzzwords.
We know what you're talking about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
See now the challenges here.
We have to shift gears again.
First, we had to get out of that alien mode.
And now we got to get out of the Bush Gore mode, the election gate.
I just can't get all that whipped up about.
I mean, you know, I lived through it.
I voted. I went through the whole thing.
I'm somewhat disturbed by it.
But life goes on.
I'm waiting to see those arrows going up on the stock market.
Are they going up? No.
No. They're both in the negative position.
The Dow is down 47.
The Dow is down 160.
And then the Nasdaq down 47.
Now all these people talking recession now.
And yes, there are actually articles.
Many of them in the newspapers.
Many of them in the news papers.
Many of the economists are talking,
oh, we're not going to have a soft landing.
We actually will have a recession.
Nice going out on green span.
Too many goddamn interest break hikes.
One or two too many.
Two two.
But wouldn't that be something if Bush gets in there and then says,
oh, why the hell did I get this?
Maybe Gore really wants to come back.
Give him a shot in herring her recession.
Just like Papa had.
Papa's got a brand new recession.
Well, he'll straighten it all out.
If anybody gives me the confidence of really being a student,
of being economically savvy, he's the guy.
And the other guy can't you look at him and tell him,
here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was watching the show last night on the squandered tax dollars
on our school system.
Uh-huh.
And it's interesting, but the people don't realize how much time
as we pay to our school system, which is wasting our money.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Had Gore been elected.
Uh-huh.
Well, guess what?
He wasn't.
He wasn't.
Had Gore been elected.
Here's another apologies for let's, uh, you know,
let's do away with the Department of Education.
And let's stop spending your name more money.
Yeah, we must be wasting all that money because look at all those textbooks
that we got in the aid county.
Just too many.
And look at all those good,
constant huts.
What's wrong with those kids?
They want to go to school in a real building?
Uh-huh.
What's wrong with them?
Asshole.
See, I hate to break the news.
These people are not only going to go and have the election again.
I want to go back before the election and start making campaign speeches.
Save it, Julio.
Save it.
Your man won.
Now let's see what happens, okay?
Now the ball is in your court.
Let's see if he can do as good as, say, a daddy did.
Yeah.
Here's Westchester.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, so just a quick, you know, I just worried about the,
you mentioned the quants that had people here in Florida think the quants that had a normal way to go to school.
And that's for kids to grow in the buildings.
Isn't that great?
I couldn't believe it, but I first moved out.
It's like this last jackass has given you a song and it's about all the money that we waste.
Therefore, it looks not spent anymore money on education.
This guy likes dumb, which is why he's a bush man.
I like to know what a ten billion that they say that went from the lottery to the education went to.
Probably for make up for the secretary of bush.
Yeah.
The reason I'm really calling is you can leave with the term of warps the president can serve.
A thought mistake and it says, two consecutive terms.
Do you think it's a possibility that?
No, sir.
Can't serve more than two four-year terms.
Period.
Trust me.
Yeah.
I don't know his consecutive terms.
No.
All right.
That's what I want to check out.
Okay.
I spoke to you.
I think I must know Todd Dreck.
He was in here again.
Did they ask him about whether the public can run again.
How many times do I have to tell you, Todd?
Number one, you're an imbecile and number two, the answer is no.
And thanks for bringing fat boy in here.
Oh, man.
In fact, what we're going to do is try to raise some money because business we're going to have a recession maybe.
And business is pretty slow and our sale of the permanent selling much is usual.
So what we're going to do is we're going to have the QAM in the treasury.
Yeah.
And we're going to charge like 250 admission.
And we're going to put them all behind a cage.
Todd Dreck, fat boy, and Peter Leonard.
Can't you see that?
No, Peter's going to be hopping up and out.
You did there.
You said that.
Where's my tape?
He's going to be jumping up and down like rumbles, girls.
Can fat boy is going to be in there?
You can throw him the peanuts or whatever else you got to eat.
And Todd Dreck is going to be spinning around.
Oh, me and your grandpa, blah, blah, blah.
Can bubble run again?
I'm serious.
We can make a fortune with that.
Because the audience thinks that I'm exaggerating again.
Believe me.
I can't begin.
And then we can also have screw in there.
I don't want to tell you who she's going to be doing.
No.
I mean, what she's going to be doing.
What she's going to be doing to me is pulling out 내거.
In that cage.
Now this can't be.
Because it says K-core on there again?
This can't be.
Of course, K-core, hello.
They all have a gun.
Okay.
I'm listening on 562, by the way, because I can't stand,
you know, them chopping up your show and putting stock shows and all this garbage.
I mean, even the liver has never been chopped up as much as the show on the 770.
Now, that guy that called about the exit poles beat an out for Gore Bean and out for the winner.
Yeah, I had a question with have those polls ever been wrong before?
Yes, they have been wrong. Yeah, okay. They called California for Kennedy in 1960. So it's been 40 years. No, I wouldn't say that
I mean I can't remember every election there in fact congressional elections
They've been wrong. The first election I'm not really sure, but they have been wrong before okay, and you know
It's not as if the bush voters were waiting
Like 10 minutes before the polls closed
You know and decided but let's see that argument it works both ways because we there were people who were interviewed who were standing in line to vote for
Gore and when they heard that Florida went to growth
They also got back in their cars and they went home too
So it cut both ways people who thought the election was a done deal they went home now
They're trying to say when you know the panhandle is on the central time zone and those people already heard well
In fact is how many votes are there in the panhandle? Well, I know some both are gonna be all democratic for me in the future
Okay, there you go. All right
Yep, I think that well, you know, we'll see what happens. We'll see how long the memories are
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 see if we have any women today now that this election thing is all over let's talk about bilingualism
Come on George let me a sport
All these all these women call up and talk about bilingualism and those goddamn people are once pick English me Lappis
Es grande y Amario say there you go
There's no movie on the other one
God damn it. No wonder he's getting deported
Here's Boca. Hello
You just mentioned the Republican so like it when you talk about the quality of life
I've never heard that before I've been to Europe a couple times Western Europe mostly Spain. Yeah, I'm considering moving over there
myself. I've never heard that they don't like you when you talk about quality of life. Oh to them
That's a buzzword that that's a catchphrase of
Left-wing comedy pink rose quality of life
That that's the only way they can argue with it because it just makes so much sense that instead of like making all these unwanted babies
And instead of doing all the gross things that they do with our money that we ought to be worried about quality of life
But they don't that's that's bad because they're not as advanced maybe industrially
They don't have the economy that we do but they do seem to have a better quality of life
But I've never heard that that eludes to socialism. Well, that's what they will tell you all right. Thanks, you know, I'll see you there
See on the other side pal
Where there actually are a few people over the brain
See an echoes back to that thing with a language. I don't know how I don't want to get started with that again
Well, why are people so uptight about language and you want to know why because they're perocular maybe they went to perocular school
the nephobia
Yeah, is that no higher?
Oh
Yesterday I misspoke speaking of xenophobia misspoke. I said I misspoke a lot yesterday
I was and reading of the article my marine data I pounce this well, but you know, it's just one of those things when you're blown up like a
Bufo toad
I was carrying a lot. I don't know what that was. It's just I guess my time of the month
Took a diuretic pill and just scored scored way six pounds last today. Oh, Neil lost six pounds in one day. That's a hundred pounds this week
Well, seriously, I was just off my feet, but I said December November 22nd 1960 and you give me a dirty look
I meant obviously anybody knew I meant November 22nd 1963 when Kennedy was assassinated. That's when huh?
That's when the whole thing went down the toilet and then in 68 they just they made sure
68 for the few more bullets
There's no more democracy. There's no more work
You don't have any control of anything, but you keep diluting yourselves and thinking if you put up a wooden sticks like Al Gore that he's gonna
You'll bring it to the promised land. It's not gonna happen folks
Not gonna happen with these two parties ever
5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, do you don't say that Neil your such a party pooper?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line out of town line 877 7 8 5
6 3 4 5
5 6
6
8
4
3
4
5 6
5
6
5
5
6
6
5
6
6
5
6
5
6
5
6
6
6
8
9
8
8
8
8
Black-backed black hair and a red silk suit.
Don Christopher was here and he brought the loot.
As I drew out my gun and hid by the bed,
he flew through the window and swat me upside the head.
What the money is in?
I'm gonna run the farm.
No, all you're getting is calm.
You'll friggin' long on.
Then point in a finger right up my nose.
He twisted his pinky ring and up the chimney he rolled.
Then I hoid him yellow.
What I least expected.
When are we friggin' Christmas tomorrow?
And you better show some respect.
What I want at 5.60 WQM just to put a load on it.
I think what I'm gonna do is every hour,
what we'll do is mention to your four people
that we like or that I like.
Because if you do, you just would mention everybody.
Sure.
No, no, seriously.
I mean, Duff, that's a good guy.
Yeah.
Hank.
Like Hank.
K-O-D.
You like Yol-Rose?
Yeah.
Well, you don't like E-Fo.
Any K?
Like Hank, he's a good guy.
Think of it as said two words.
Somebody's a good guy.
Okay.
Boog.
Boog's a good guy.
Even though he's a sucker sometimes for the organization.
He's a good guy like Boogalot.
But at least he can do it.
Did you know what I just said?
Boogalot.
He can monitor more of my favorite people in the whole building.
Great guy.
Do you like Boogalot?
Boogalot.
Boogalot.
And I guess that's about it.
Oh, and well, what's his name?
Zolton.
Even though you're right, he don't look that good.
But nevertheless, I guess my eyes were bad back then.
Well, that's before I got these great new glasses.
They are great, by the way.
I agree with that.
These are the best glasses that I ever had in my life.
And I wonder why don't they go self-spots to this guy?
See, places that I like, places that I love, generally speaking.
I mean, I got a few of money.
I'm most of them were here before I came here, thank God.
You know, like Pete's a lot of the right concepts.
People like that.
But they can't sell spots to them.
In fact, let me even give this guy a plug.
I think I already mentioned him on here once or twice.
Great.
These are those new titanium frames with a glasses that they way like...
Nothing, like about a half an ounce at most.
They look like nothing.
I would do is make your eyes look bigger.
You don't see the frames or anything.
Yeah, they're great.
And then it's like a different kind of vision.
I mean, like, clear as a bell.
You can see for miles.
I'm sorry.
Now, how come I can't find a guy's card in here when I know it's in here?
Okay, I would bet at least $75 of your money that it's in here.
Well, here's one of my stripping cards from the Trains at Amsterdam.
Oh.
Now, you're probably wondering why I have that in my wallet right now since I'm not going like you never know.
No, that's not the point.
The point is that having that in my wallet psychologically,
it's like having these terrible pictures that I'll take sitting over here right off to my right, very close by,
having them there, it's like a security blanket, it's like a line-us.
Just having them around is like something positive.
Well, I'll have to dig up the guy because I know I have the card at home and give him its Omega Icare.
I wear in cruel spring, something like that.
And he's a great guy and he's a good, even though Rimmer did take me there.
And they were very expensive but well worth it.
That's twice the price.
See, there's something I like.
Got some people I like.
Got glasses on.
I like who still give me the Simon Dance that I'm the sour one.
Just because we got some salespeople in here who wanted to ruin our day and make a big Simon Dance and make a big Simus.
5.6.S.C. I'm trying anything.
I don't care. I'm just ramble on here the next four.
I was not taking any more calls because I just, you know, I'll give you an example.
Here's the fact that says, what do you say to Hillary for 2008?
No.
Some of us are named Jacks.
Is what do you say to Hillary in 2008?
No.
The same thing I say in 2004, 2008, 2008, 2025, 25, 25?
No.
That's a joke, facts, right?
No, no, it's not.
He's got a little blurb here, but of course, an answer thing from some newspaper.
You know, this is somebody who's serious based on what?
Exactly.
See, people are going to say, well, you know, she, in spite of all those polls and everything, she won by 14 points in New York in the Senate.
Yeah, she won by 14 points because, girl, won by about 30 points.
It was a gigantic landslide for growing New York.
So she just got dragged along on his co-tails.
She was running against the nobody.
And she's running against some little guido that doesn't know up from down.
That pissed all the women off there when he, you know, marched up to her and confronted her in that debate, like some kind of a little prick.
A goon.
Yeah, like some kind of a little fanceist goon.
Goon, I said.
Don't want to get out and sharp them upset.
Hillary, I didn't see this.
This is what's wrong with you people out there.
You're so easily sucked in because it's a name that people know.
What qualifications does she have to be present and beside the fact that she's a dike?
I mean, but beside that, what has she got?
A sourdive disposition.
Yeah.
And being an ice princess, you think she'd have Janet Reno back in the cabinet again?
Or at least in a lock box?
First, I'm delighted to be here.
I am someone who believes strongly that we need to work hard to cut 100,000 federally funded teachers, mostly aimed at elementary schools.
That's why I support taking money away from the public schools just when we're getting a big teacher shortage in our country.
Secondly, I want to try to do everything I can to not encourage businesses to come and create and keep jobs here.
That's why I would lower the minimum wage.
I say, why not? Why not?
And finally, you know, I brought Fidel Castro from one end to the other.
Think about it.
I mean, I've been tasting it for years.
I made something to do.
Thanks for the ring.
Nice going.
One.
Stoo gots.
Mark Eisenberg.
He's a good guy.
Absolutely.
What's his name and the more Pat?
In spite of the fact that Joe and D. Fo' Hayden like poison.
Now, when I got that right?
Yeah.
Psychopath.
He's okay.
And Pat in accounting, by the way.
Pat in accounting is a good guy.
Well, we got him.
Because he gives us our checks.
The new accounting lady, whose name is Kate's name.
She's very nice.
See, we got a lot of nice people in this building.
Who?
Jenny.
Jenny's very nice.
Sweetheart.
Right?
I don't know.
I'm also a good guy.
Tommy's a great guy.
Michelle.
I don't want to leave anybody out.
That I'm not in QAN people, right?
Huh?
Yeah, just QAN people.
Well, I hate listen.
We can do this till midnight.
Because we've got a late 7800 time.
And of course Miguel, we already mentioned him.
One of our favorite people in the building, especially mine.
But what's he to say?
Long list of people we like.
Now, how about you remind him to be bow camper in the end?
Oh, and Mad Dog in the Kimba bow camper, we'll be on the shadow of a doubt.
Yeah!
Sure.
Our old cool workers from the old building.
Right.
That goes back to IOD days.
Two of our best close personal friends.
Two really good guys.
Oh, I'll leave it out.
See if I leave somebody out.
Little, little comes to us.
Oh, you left out Josh Friedman.
Yeah, I did.
And Robert Creeper.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, and so did I.
Here's a mobile-in-front Myers.
Hello.
Good morning.
When does the astuacer?
Just one quick comment.
And that is, I think the only thing that the country could hope to learn from this whole thing.
Yes.
What it's going to feel like to be bush wax.
Yeah.
That's basically what we got.
We got bush wax.
That's it.
That's it.
You called the tummy then?
Yeah.
Keep doing a good job.
Oh, wait a minute.
No, I don't want to give myself all worked out.
Thank you.
We got bush wax.
All right.
See, I'm not going to put his name on list.
I don't know what his name is, but now he's okay.
He meant well.
He meant well.
He said keep doing a good job.
He sucked around a little bit.
Like most of the colors do.
Because most of the colors suck around.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5.50 WQM is we try to do a public service here by just by its
the holidays.
Take a little break, calm down, take a milltown, whatever it is that you need, and relax.
Relax.
Life will go on.
We're going to have a little bit of a recession.
If you've got a nice steady income going, that's good because you'll be able to buy stocks.
All the stocks will be like a dollar of a holler.
No matter what.
GE, GM, whatever.
A dollar of a holler.
And then in about a year or two, if we survive it, then we'll all be really rich.
That's a good way to rationalize it, isn't it?
Sure.
And of course those of you who don't have any more income coming in, and have got all your
life savings in there, well, you know what they say.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5.50 WQM.
I have juice stopped right now.
In decision 2000, some say that the presidential election of the Millennium was a
Sony as a $3 bill.
But there is one thing that isn't a phony.
The indecision 2000 collect your plates from the Franklin Mint.
Each plate depicts the outrageous wringlings of both political parties, captured in a colorful hand-painted
personal inflate.
With your first order of a Florida election official holding up a ballot to the light,
you'll receive a handsome oak display case.
If you decide not to order more plates, the oak display case is yours to keep.
Each month you'll receive another indecision 2000 plate for you to review and to add your collection.
You'll get the Secretary Harris plate, complete with heavy lacquered make-up and scary lectures.
The confusing ballot plate with elderly Jewish voters scratching their head.
The pregnant chat plate and 21 other hand-painted plates complete the collection.
The Franklin Mint indecision 2000 collect your plate is just $29.95 each.
If your credit card handy, operators are standing by.
11.13 at 5.60.
Let's do an office pool here.
How many weeks do you think before we get our next woman caller?
Because we're not talking about bilingualism, about alien, and not about this election business is over.
That's a count amount, I guess.
Maybe the banana boat lady will call back.
What do you got for free?
That's right, we have no tickets to give away.
Maybe we'll get real lucky the banana boat lady will call back and say,
again, 5.67 like Robert Creeper.
5.67.0560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Got two calls left here.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Hi, Neon.
I just wanted to talk to you about our Supreme Court justices.
Okay, good.
Here's our last call.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, Neal.
It's the first time caller and that's an African-American and watching the Supreme Court.
You know, looking at this name, Clarence Thomas.
You gotta pay the devil it's due.
And Clarence Thomas, knowing that the Supreme Court has been in a way,
Clarence Thomas had to pay Bush back.
Yeah, he's just a house Negro now.
That's all he is.
Right.
And he is, you know that.
That's all he is.
And I hope that people wake up too, that the guy never asked one damn question
because the fix was in with him.
He had to vote with him.
He had to pay the devil's due.
Yeah, but Rank was like him because he gets him the good weed and it's good for Rank was back pain.
So he likes him.
There you go. Thanks Bill.
Okay, hang in there, proud.
This too, she'll pass like a bad, the kidney stone.
So anyway, Michael Mayo writes a great column while you're waiting to think about what you're going to talk about here today.
Well, I'll get a few calls on there, but I understand it's difficult putting you on a lot of pressure.
Try to, you know, turn the corner a little bit and move on.
Move forward.
Take my advice if you want.
If not, go ahead.
Get all bent out of shape.
Get psychotic.
Start running out in the street screaming and yelling and carrying on.
Watch Jesse Jackson down there doing all this little done poetry.
Whatever, whatever turns you on.
I just don't think it's really going to help you out.
Probably get your odds.
It all worked up again.
You're good in your IBS and et cetera.
Michael Mayo writes a pretty good column for change.
Mike, first one this year, I think a rod reels in the dough.
Fans are on the hook.
Lost amid the enormity of Alex Rodriguez's quarter billion dollar deal is a funnel economic question.
The question is.
What?
What precisely is the financial justification behind this?
Rodriguez is an immensely talented baseball player, but will he pump an additional $252 million in revenue to his team and sport over the next decade?
No.
Upon what rational basis did Texas Rangers owner Tom Hicks decide to unilaterally raise the contract bar so outrageously in a sport that seems hopelessly a skew?
Maybe Hicks that Wallach can afford it, but wants to buy modifications trickle down and around as they inevitably will.
Can we?
Will baseball and professional team sports as we know then be able to survive?
Perhaps this sounds alarmist, but the doomsday science should be all around.
Look at all those empty seats of all those new arenas around town.
People are asked to pay too much for too many meaningless games and too much mediocrity.
Joe Fann is getting disgusted with all of this, and once he's tapped out a cash or finds a more satisfying way to spend it, he'll be Joe X-Fan.
And then what happens?
This is not to be Grudge Rodriguez is good fortune, but it simply doesn't appear to make sense.
People will say athletes are entertainers and deserve to be paid as richly as Jim Carrey and Oprah Winfrey miss a basic point.
Carrey makes $20 million of the picture because his movies usually gross well over $100 million.
Winfrey has made hundreds of millions from recenticated talk show because stations made even more from it from advertising they sell during it.
But baseball and other professional sports have usually shown little regard for basic economic rules.
Maverick owners are often willing to spend more than they take in because they can afford to cover the losses or they've been allowed to get away with it in the form of government handouts for stadiums, sweetheart deals, and basically are a license to print money.
And for all they complain about needing a salary cap, they just can't help themselves when a nuttoy like Rodriguez becomes available.
Now that $250 million is suddenly the going rate to sell it to Savi Superstar's ego, double the previous high, who's going to eventually pay for all those who line up next.
Exactly how much do they think fans are willing to pay for a ticket?
Exactly how much do they think TV partners will keep paying in the age of plummeting ratings?
Exactly how much corporate largest in the form of luxury, sweet, and naming rights fees?
Do they think they can count on in the age of declining stock prices and a possible recession?
Exactly how much more from taxpayers will they want to enable this lunacy to continue?
It's alarming that an owner has shown he's willing to invest more for one player services for a decade than an infrastructure that would last his team 40 years, simply because he's never been forced to pay his own for his infrastructure, unlike 99% of private businesses.
It is logic defined that owners now pay more for one player than an entire new franchise.
Let this be a lesson of those who would like to use public funds to help John Henry build a new stating for the Marlins, a new stating doesn't guarantee competitiveness in the current climate only insanity does.
Look no further than Seattle for a cautionary tale.
The citizens helped to pay for a high-tech, safe co-field which ran $100 million over its expected cost, and the mariners have since lost Randy Johnson, King Griffey Jr., and Rodriguez.
They made it to the playoffs last season, but what does it say that a team with a new stadium can't afford to retain any of its superstars?
It says baseball is headed over a cliff.
It should no longer be anybody's duty civic or otherwise to support this madness.
This means no more public dollars for stadiums, not when they're helping the salary bar climb exponentially.
That means no more blind allegiance to reckless sports and teams.
That means it might be time to start reading more good books and get our spectator thrills at the local high school game.
The chicken littles have clocked loudly in the past whether it was Joe to measure getting $100 grand, Nolan Ryan getting $1 million or Kevin Garnett getting $125 million.
This time the sky might really be falling because $252 million shatters the ceiling.
The only justification will be if there are enough suckers out there willing to put the bill, the owners are counting on you.
Nice go Michael, make a little trouble for that one.
And he's halfway to home plate.
Nice go Mike.
Most of that stolen from the show yesterday, but he always does that.
And how many years ago did this fat old juice sit in here in this chair?
Did I tell you that they're killing the goose that laid the golden egg? I told you that long ago.
And it just keeps getting worse.
Many were married signing for what was it the $120 million year with the red socks?
That seems to be the new going thing, at least $20 million year for a freaking baseball player.
Oh yeah.
Well you know those jocks drafts sometimes they chase.
Here's a mobile and zero B. Hello?
Yes Neil, good morning.
Yes, sit here.
I agree with you. That's four stars for Michael Maled.
Yeah. Absolutely correct.
I get an inside the park home or for that one.
Absolutely correct.
I just wanted to call and talk to you about something more important.
Parkie sir.
Yes.
Can you tell me about your lease with Sundine and possibly Lindros?
Lindros is not coming. What do they need him for?
They scored seven goals again last time.
What do they need him for? They scored 38 goals in the last seven games.
What do they need him there for to mess up the whole chemistry?
Well maybe for the playoffs.
No thanks.
No?
No.
Because Sundine disappears in the playoffs.
No thanks.
No.
No.
Oh well.
I tried Toronto 7 Pittsburgh 4 last time I checked.
Oh and I liked Pittsburgh too.
First place in the Eastern Conference Toronto may believe 40 points.
That's very correct.
38 goals in seven games.
Go Leafs go, go Yannick Puro.
That's what I say.
And unloading the Beatrice Christmas.
Nice going there Pat.
Yeah.
And the waters.
Good move.
Even though we did okay in Washington I wish him no harm.
He just stuck with us.
Nice going.
It was Maple Leafs boy.
They're really doing it.
Of course don't tell Michael Russo that he thinks they're not one of the top 40 teams in league.
If we got some sports riders in this town like I said, nice going Mike.
May I'm going to frame that one I think compared to the usual swill I read in both of our
Yokel papers.
The usual propaganda.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Alex Rodriguez is hung like a horse.
Yeah that's what the default was telling me.
That's the reason he gets paid so much money buddy.
By the inch okay.
5670560.
Pomp 560 on the AT unlike the Olando Maray.
The kicker for the Dolphins.
Remember Joe Castello said he went to school and he's hung like a butterfly.
He said he sure can't kick it but you think if he could kick it would probably be a little bit longer.
Maybe he's like an acrobat like Ron Jeremy.
Maybe he's triple-jointed.
5670560.
Pomp 560 on the AT&T.
Did I have a lady on there she go away.
Yeah that's for only a four time.
What do you mean?
She calls.
I put her on hold.
Yeah.
She rings out.
We're in some repeat.
So in other words she's got no time to wait for me is that it?
That's f***ing bitch.
You're too bad.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello there.
How are you Neil?
Okay.
Number one I agree with you what you just said about baseball.
I read that article and I think it's not it was right on but that's not why I called.
It's all over.
I'm a registered Democrat.
I voted for Gore.
But I had some comments on the election.
I lived in the Eastern Fort L'Ordale fairly absolutely neighborhood.
We had the same voting machines that are maligned everywhere else around the country.
I didn't feel there was a problem with them.
Also when I punched out my ballot.
I didn't know I had to do this but I did check to see that the L'Ordale chair which I never heard of the word Chad before.
I didn't have any pregnant ballots.
I knew that my ballot was...
What's the point?
You're smart and everybody else is dumb.
Is that what you're telling me sir?
While I'm saying that other people are less careful.
I find that later it's my responsibility to have checked my ballot.
I'm sorry, sir.
My vote later.
I may be hanging out.
Rather than rehash the obvious which is that some people for whatever reason.
In fact everybody including your Republicans are now saying that the voter maddeck machines have got to go.
They have got lots of problems and they've got to go.
I agree with you.
But I'm saying you with my responsibility to agree with you.
Okay well I'm glad you did it right.
I'm glad you're smart and we're dumb.
Thank you.
Republican smart everybody else.
Dumb.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for a...
Still no ladies I told you.
They didn't even want to talk about bilingualism and those goddamn Cubans.
It was Cubans!
I already had one facts about...
Well if the Cubans are telling us about Castro and they just did the same thing with the election here they...
I'm so embarrassed for so many of you out there who are so obsessed with your hate.
Just filled with hate.
Just grimming with it.
So when people keep asking about how come the people here are so nasty and they're unfriendly and they're driving and so on civilized.
It's very obvious that people here, just like I was talking about spilling the soup on the floor, they dwell on stuff and they...
They just feed on it.
They feed on hate.
Here's a mobile-informed water deal.
Hello.
Mobile-informed water deal.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, I know.
Oh geez.
Good.
Neil.
Yes.
In reference to the Rodriguez deal.
From what I understand was the deal was arranged in the fact that the owner of the Texas Ranges wanted to put in cable network and Fox said no.
We'll give you $250 million if you don't put in cable network.
That's all I have to say.
What does that mean?
What it means is that $250 is not coming out of anybody's pocket except Fox who was paying off $250 million.
Where did you read that?
Trying to think within either on the internet the other day.
That was where I was sort of.
Okay, great.
Well, let's say Fox was screwing everything up.
We're still very good at it.
Remember that glowing puck?
Yeah.
Well, seriously, everything that Fox touches then it turns to crap.
Instant process crap because that's all Rupermer.
Just like that news network.
That fascist news network of theirs.
When I build up called behind the Kimber or Riley and all those other fascists they have on there.
I really do believe Rupermer does the anti-Christ.
They let the very least to trooper Cabrero.
Oh, see there it goes again when that stuff pan-ring to those sticks again.
Yeah, Rand.
Why are you so uncivilized?
Why are you so hostile?
Why do you like generalized?
I'm going to say it again.
If you want to generalize about French Canadians you're getting the arguments from me.
That's the only group of people in the world that I'll generalize about because it's true with my own personal experience.
I'm sure somewhere there might be a nice French Canadian.
Somewhere like Yannick Pro.
There you go for the Maple Leafs.
He's a good guy.
One of my favorite players leads the league again in the winning face-offs even though he's heard for a month.
Nice going to Yannick, baby.
Look at that.
This goes to show it to the holidays.
Even Neil is fighting nice frogs out there.
This is 560 QAM.
The Neil Roger show.
Sports radio.
560s.
QAM.
Sales people are ice-holes.
RG we missed an opportunity here.
Jew Lieberman Winning, which they just had on CNN.
The instant that I came back on here he had disappeared.
He was an extra Winnie today and he said that they're wonderful accomplishments of Al Gore.
I'll get out of here.
See there was selfishly, but some would say probably intelligently.
Selfishly he covered his ass by running again in Connecticut and I was still in the Senate.
Because you know in the back of his mind he's thinking to himself, there's no way in the world that Gore's going to win this thing with a get you like me on the ticket.
So I better cover my ass and say in the Senate.
And he was right.
Another fact about the election and about people remembering us.
Well you people give it a freaking rest.
There are two things I want you to make your New Year's resolution right now.
Give these two things your rest and I know you won't do it with either one.
But you live another 10 years if you would do it.
Number one is this election and number two are the Cubans.
Well it's not just, oh the Cubans did it once they put this guy in.
If somebody, if you went out and found human excrement on your front lawn, you will be sure that some Cuban did it.
And positive.
Cuban extraments.
Cuban extraments.
God talk about a one-note frickin town.
Where are those pictures of Amsterdam again?
Here they are.
Just trees in the cobblestone.
Don't fall on it.
5, 6, 7.
And you know something I'm discovering why with all this internal stuff I got sitting in this chair.
It's like I don't want to get started on this chair again.
But it's like I'm lurching all my kichkis all like squeezing together.
Like this.
I'm like the hunchback of the Rue de Notre Dame.
Yeah.
Pull that mic up like this and set up straight like a man.
And that, boy.
There you go.
And let your kichkis breathe a little bit.
I'm like squashing all my inner devices sitting in this chair for hours a day.
Even squarrant.
Why can't you do it like Greg, you know, standing up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile and fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'd like to talk about the election in terms of joint.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line out of town lines open.
Still no ladies.
Now that lady from Stewart, I was honored.
Is that the same one?
Oh, that was the different one.
Well, you're willing out there.
And all of a sudden got so busy.
It's just, I'm sorry.
Sorry, we can't get you right away and cancel all the commercial and everybody else just to get you right away.
Because we know that your parents don't stink.
Here's a mobile and Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Long time no, I'll listen to a song called.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Oh, there could be any investigations, grandjewing investigations on Martin County.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello.
Yes, hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
Listen, Neil, I was watching the Pants last night and wasn't my imagination or did they look better?
They played great last night.
I thought they had a little spark and a little jump in there.
Especially playing all these lines.
Again, but the problem is two problems.
Number one, they were playing a team that was Israeli and a coma, especially at home.
And number two, they still had a, they blew the lead twice. They had a settle for a tie.
Yeah, more without the, you know, what do you, how do you think that's all going to play out, Neil?
How's it going to play out until they get a new one or nothing's going to play out?
It's just a question.
Just a question to how many people are going to get fed up and how small the crowds are going to have to get before they're finally forced to do something?
I mean, I go to those games and it's, it's half empty. It's unbelievable.
Well, you ain't seen nothing yet.
We're trying to get worse. You're right.
Well, I look at the play like the last night more.
Maybe you're forgetting something.
The best games they've played like the game in Toronto and the game last night.
Most of the good games they play this season have been on the road.
Their play at Harvard has been, for the most part, abysmal, which I think is a compliment.
Yeah, tragic.
Well, let's hope it gets better. It can't get much worse.
Okay. Listen, I don't want to talk about the election. I don't even want to hear about it.
Good. Okay.
I'll go play with the same meal.
And you too.
It's over. Well, yeah.
Martin County, we got to do this. We got to finally more losses.
It's all over. He can see the last night.
Very nice job. He looked like a human being.
He had a little bit of warmth. He had a pulse.
And then George W. came on in front of the Texas House there.
And Yadda Yadda, and he seemed to, you know, said some of the right things.
Somebody wrote him a decent speech. And that was it.
I just thought of the winers out there.
Wee, wee, wee.
I think some of the voice people got a good point.
And by the way, George, where's our macaroni and cheese?
Well, I got the cheese.
Here's a mobile in North Miami, huh?
Yeah. I need you know how you do it.
Okay.
Yeah. I just want to say it's over.
Thank the Lord or whoever.
And you did a great job.
I'm very happy to be in a country where we allow people like you to get up there
and express your views and what's fun.
I really like that.
But I got my boots on.
And I'm going marching.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Marla Slant.
I'm waiting for a woman to call. We'll put her right on.
Maybe even a bit anable leave. You'd like to get her right on right away.
Come on. I thought I'd want to put her on all these other people. That's not fair.
But I just thought of curiosity.
Because I wonder if they can meet the new Rogers challenge.
You think they can do it?
No.
I doubt it.
Come on. A woman with something to say.
Not about Cubans and not about the election.
Anything. Huh?
That opens up a lot of territory.
56670560, pound for just one.
Just one. Just that of curiosity.
See if they can meet the challenge or if they're going to just act as I predicted before.
Was that a woman? No.
Oh, that's right. They can't get through.
Oh, a line five is still.
I'm sitting here giving the numbers out.
Good luck. Good luck. This incident.
Like I said, we used to like deaf a lot.
And then that George Corso, you forgot to mention him.
Oh, yeah. We like what's his name?
Whatever happened to him, our other engineer.
What's his Julio?
Julio.
Is he still around?
Yeah.
Haven't seen him in a coon's age.
He's a red.
Oh.
Hey, Julio. Line five is still long work.
I just mentioned it in passing.
Father Paranoia.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing? Great.
I called about the election, but I just want to follow up on the fellow that called about the
$252 million that Fox Sports Net Tade and his name articles.
They talked about the Yankees charging 33 bucks for an upper deck seat in coming season.
Right.
33 dollars.
And the Yankees get such big bucks for, first of all, they own NSG or MSG or whatever way that works.
And they get a fortune for their broadcast rights, like eight million times more than anybody else.
It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous.
So I got a suggestion, Neil, a part of the election.
What do you think of it?
Why don't we move election day to veterans day?
It's a day off.
It's a very...
No, no, why don't we just make election day and holiday, whatever day it is?
What's wrong with that?
I'm off with that.
But boy, you could combine two things and kill two birds at one stone.
The vet would be...
You're fighting for a free of many health right to vote.
Let's make it all one day and be done with it.
Okay, it's a done deal.
Thanks, man.
Okay, you won't.
Sure.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, if we got a woman on there yet, come on.
Let's see if they can do it.
Can't do it.
Can you?
The cat's got you, tongue.
You want to know why?
Because you're one dimensional.
We got one?
How many fingers are you just told up?
Six.
Oh, I see.
Is this a lady?
Yes, it is.
Wow.
Hi.
Shocking.
I'm up in Palm Beach Garden, Florida on a mobile phone.
Well, that's great.
I need to ask you a panther's question about that.
Okay.
First off, I'm going to get rid of the Murray Brothers.
Not till they saw the team.
Okay.
And when are they going to stop stroking Robby Needermire and trade him?
As soon as he is, as soon as they find those pictures, he's got a hidden away of a villager with a billy goat.
He's stint.
That's correct.
He is absolutely worthless.
And they keep paying him and they keep trying to boost him up and say great things about him.
And it's like, you got to be kidding.
Even Robert Spaylor, I noticed Terry Murray was on his post game Morton of the other night.
And so I'm talking about somebody asked him, how good Spaylor's plan?
Spaylor's a disaster.
He isn't even dead.
He isn't dead.
Even Santa Claus won't be given away as much as this Christmas as Spaylor gives away on a nightly basis in each game.
I mean, I'm just horrified at how the team's doing.
And I mean, I'm still a fan.
I still watch the games.
But Needermire, he can't even speak when he's on camera.
Yeah, and don't forget Big Number 8, who is the big fan favorite in other stupid penalty last night.
Oh, God.
I mean, it's just horrible.
It's horrible.
And I mean, I have two toddlers.
I'm almost thinking that my four-year-old would be better than Robby.
Sign him up.
Yeah.
Anyway, have a wonderful day.
And I guarantee you'll play a lot cheaper too.
Oh, that's for sure.
Have a good one.
I'll put him out there.
Thanks for answering the challenge.
Oh, my pleasure.
You have a great day.
You too. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
See, there's a nice lady.
Say there's some nice ladies out there.
I bet you here's another one on four.
Hello.
Lady and Miami.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How you doing?
OK.
I have an American Airlines story.
Uh-huh.
I recently went with my husband to the Caribbean.
After two aborted take-offs,
we went back to the gate and they held us hostage on the plane
for over three hours.
My husband and I are both diabetic.
Oh, boy.
So about two hours,
I asked the stewardess for something to eat or drink,
because she brings us a glass of water.
Oh, it was so upset.
Yeah.
So finally, after four hours,
we take off everything's fine.
I wrote to American Airlines telling what a horrific experience I had.
They sent me a $100 voucher.
Wow.
For a next trip.
Well, I sent it back.
I said, no thanks.
Stick it up your ass.
Come to wipe their ass with it, right?
I'll never go on it again.
Come to wrap up all those hand grenades with it.
Thanks, Neil.
You're the best.
OK, no more American.
Just say no.
See, there you go.
Another horror story.
American Airlines.
There's another deal.
Have they ever straighten that thing out of the airport?
No.
See, that's another thing.
There's no follow-up in this town.
I remember Hank was talking about it.
I was talking about we're giving high marks to the hero actually,
which for us is unusual for that big investigative thing on the airport
and all the scandal in Mayor Penga, Picanos, friends.
But there's never any follow-up.
There's no follow-up in it.
And, speaking of no follow-up, how about that story about the cops?
And the young hookers.
Ha ha ha.
Oh.
See, I don't understand you people.
I just don't get it.
There's no outrage.
There's nobody gives a crap.
They want to scream, oh, blah, blah, blah, blah,
cheds, and hang in balance.
All of a sudden the bullcrap.
But in the meantime, here are young girls.
Sixteen years old, and who knows how to...
Miners.
And the people you're paying your tax money to protect you,
people in law enforcement, the same people who arrest people every day
with their decoy prostitutes out there at Viscayne Boulevard and Federal Highway.
They're running a hooker ring down there with young girls.
And cops from every police force in Dave County,
so we were told at the time, are going down there and getting their rocks off.
Bangin under raid six.
No follow-up from the media.
Nobody except me, nobody cares.
And life goes on.
So let me ask you one thing, George.
What are we going to do about those Cubans?
This is 560 QAF.
Oh, Frosty Mad.
Look at me, I'm all in pain.
We hidden every store from here to Maine.
You love the shock and you're vaguely along through the mall.
Hey, babe.
Can't stop, get something to eat.
Can't see my toes with this swollen feet.
This stuff is heavy, can't we go put some of them in the trowel?
Baby, baby.
Well, if made it up,
you don't mind tired all of the cash I'd go and hide.
I take the credit cards and max them out.
This would finally end when there's no more to pay for Cisha.
Cisha.
Oh, baby, till she drops, she drops.
Jack is crazy, exactly on the shopping trip.
And they never end.
I don't know why she can't go with a friend.
Cisha, Cisha, I'm wasting it after God's mercy.
Oh, Cisha.
Oh, thank God it's almost died.
Please assure me that this ball is going to close on time.
Okay, so Joe Resoli says don't mention him on the ear and the t-r-
Okay, we won't mention Joe Resoli in Roth office supply.
Did you ever get one of these pens?
Yeah.
These are the best.
Why are you talking about me?
Did you get more free stuff?
Oh, sure.
That's what it's all about.
That's why we come in.
We should all come in to see if the salespeople there.
I'll tell you that.
Man, are you are you recovering yet from that?
I'm still a steamy.
I'm still forming at the mouth from that unnecessary episode this morning.
Oh, I find it comediest.
Oh, yeah.
Certainly our comediest aspects for it.
But it just it just frosts my big federal pimpley ass that a that a spastic group ball like Peter Leonard is in their gear.
You know, bossing you around and then you're at demanding things.
Who the hell is he?
Besides a spastic asshole.
Man, he should kiss the ground that we've been letting him in this goddamn room.
Here's the lady mobile with Miami.
Hello.
Comedius is not a word, by the way.
Well, we just made it up.
It is now.
Hi, Uniel.
Good.
You know, I've listened to you since I was like, I don't know, three.
And I dragged the day that you retire.
Oh, it's coming soon.
Please don't say that.
Take me with you, Neil.
Less than four years in counting real fast.
I'll peel your grapes for you.
I'll do whatever it takes.
Four years is a long time.
Do you have any idea how long that is?
Don't say that.
For years now.
I do have these nice photos of Amsterdam in my hands right now that Al Goldstein took.
Oh, don't even joke that way, man.
Okay.
Listen, one thing I'm not even hyped about the election, but I'm not going to tell that Cuba, but you know, I haven't wanted it.
So it's not having any free staff.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I don't want any free stuff.
I have said that the Gore campaign didn't affiliate themselves with Clinton because I think that that's the reason it was.
I think that was because the election.
Uh-huh.
Because he didn't have the best.
Well, he got that advice all the way around.
I mean, somebody had given this Julie Burman idea and that was, that's all he needed.
That was the end right there.
I don't think, I don't think that really was a bit major factor, but it's kind of like that.
Oh, yes, though.
Well, how can you say that?
I think it clearly would have stumped for Gore.
You know, he's doing good now.
Everybody loves him.
Everybody's seeing now.
That he's really going to say that.
How do you say that?
Lieberman didn't have any impact?
Have you, how much, come besides being here, how much have you been around the deep south?
No, you're right. I haven't been in contact with those red nights.
But I mean, look and clear. I mean, I don't think a vice president has that big, high effect, even if he is a Jew.
Anyway, that's just my personal opinion. I'm disappointed because I think the work could have gotten over the top.
Could have been showed up, but he blew it up. He would have had to call him to say, you know what? I don't care about Clinton's personal life and his morals, but he's been a great president.
I agree. I always told him that the goal couldn't win a fixed election. This one was fixed and he didn't win it. Have a great taste, we'd art.
It's your birthday. Thanks. 5.67.05.50. He's a little warm in here. George or what? Yeah, Chad.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, boy, I'm not getting old. I'll tell you what, it's really sitting in this chair. That's what does it. This chair is killing me.
I took me three years to figure that out. 5.67.05.60.0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Come on. Let's hear from somebody in four Myers today. What do you say? Why are you here from somebody?
What's not here from somebody over there? Or maybe the old coop up there in Cape Crayl.
5.60.0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, right. Here's the line three, somebody. Hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm an elementary school teacher here in Overtown.
I just wanted to really just, I'm here looking at you and I wanted to just touch on or agree with you as far as saying, you know, it's time to just let go and move on.
I mean, it's very interesting this morning after the morning and absence went off. No, I know I'm not letting my kids do their journal writing.
But today it was just so funny because they got into a very heated discussion as far as the election results as far as Bush and Gore.
And you can just see how everything is just divided. No matter what happens, even my fourth grade student would say, hey, you know what? Something was not right. You know, Bush.
Something, something smells wrong. Something exactly just like that. So, you know, and I let them go on with this for like about maybe 15 minutes and then finally somebody said, you know what?
Enough of this. We can't change this. It's time to just move on. Let's just move on.
Like I said about crime of respelting. No, what's the point? What's what's going to accomplish?
Exactly. So, you know, everyone just needs to go ahead and, you know, just put the past in the past, look forward and just control what you can control.
And get a life right. That's right. Okay. Thanks, pal. Alright. Excellent advice. Right there. There's the word right from the horse's ear, man. He's got his finger on it. Just let's move forward.
Yeah, that was pretty interesting. That one before that. Yeah, that I dumped.
And you could have worked. Probably one of his buddies, you know, since he has so many. Or maybe it's from the inside. 567.0560.050.560. What? I think it was him.
You do? Just go to those voices. Don't we hear him all the time? Why don't you get the tape out? I want it now.
Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Great. Listen, I'm not pulling. I don't want to talk about the election.
Hey, you are off. Thank God. Hallelujah. Yeah, I lost my interest in it about the same time you did. It's just time to wrap it up. You know, I hear everybody call.
No, I don't want to keep saying that. Well, you know what? Everybody's saying that. Not just us. What we really need to do now at this point is everybody needs to look ahead two years from now.
When voting starts up again, we need to, you know, we need to make sure that we do the right thing then and all the idiots that screwed up this time.
Didn't vote right or voted for the native or whoever they did and screwed this election up. We need to make sure we do it right again in two years and again in four years.
Well, the good news is that there's in our paper this morning, so it must be true. Officials move swiftly on punch card options, getting rid of these archaic punch card ballots and getting into the at least a 20th century, much less than 21st and starting to get so that if people do get involved and do come up in two years, that maybe they vote my count this time.
Absolutely. I mean, we all knew that was going to come, but the big thing here is that all the idiots that didn't get out there and both of them need to get off their ass in two years and vote all over public as they can out of office and just do the right thing.
Let's go out there and show them, you know, we'll be a powerhouse again. I really don't think in four years that the Republicans are going to have a leg to stand on.
I mean, after all this stuff here, they're going to screw this this election up like they already did and then they're going to screw their four years up and after that.
This will be their last day.
Okay. See you.
All right, take care.
560.560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, anyone comment on how Terry Murray just single-handedly tried to lose the game last night?
Meaning what? He didn't try to lose the game. They had nothing to lose the game.
We're in overtime. He measures the specs.
Sure. Let me say to you again as much of a critic of him as I is as I be.
There was a pretty gutsy move because they had that's not it.
That's not what I'm talking about. That was okay.
After that, who does he put in the penalty box?
Pavel Blurry.
Pavel Blurry. I don't understand that either because first of all let me finish.
Let me finish.
Can I say something and I'll let you finish?
Okay. Go ahead. I'll listen.
Yeah, listen. It's a game where you're only going to get a point if you win.
As out of the division, he puts Pavel Burry instead of 20 other guys in the penalty box and who does he put on the ice?
Sweller and Neetamaya. He can't win a draw and he can't stop a puck.
Funny he wanted a challenge to ever, Katie. He wanted to see if he could live up to the challenge and thank goodness he did.
Well, someone should mention this because here we got a coach not only can't win. He does everything to make sure we can.
Not only that but when you got so few guys on the ice it's a four on three now at that point.
You think that Burry who does go out to kill out of penalties, he's good at it.
You think that you want him out there because let's say the puck is deflecting.
And here's a guy get a break away and win a game in overtime maybe.
And you got nothing to lose.
Try this one, Neel. What if they would have gotten a penalty against Detroit and would have went back to even sides?
You got Burry in the penalty box. No sense at all.
The guy has a loser. We got to get rid of him.
Well, we're just waiting. I mean, the fact that he's here is one of the seven wonders of the world.
But when the owner of the team keeps telling us, you have to wait until I sell it.
I mean, he's not really saying that but that's what the real deal is until I'm going to do something.
What can I tell you? It's disgusting.
Good luck to us pal. Thank you. Then buy by the Murray boys.
Now he's right. I mean, I do give him credit for at least having the balls of measure in the stick and maybe getting an advantage.
But, but of all the people who put in the penalty box, why pop law of man?
Who's that pop out? Burry they keep talking about.
Don't get me started. Don't get me started.
And the prospective new owners who are getting sucked in like John Henry who made by the panthers.
Not that I wanted to discourage anybody because we need a new owner bad like tomorrow, like yesterday.
But boy, they're going to get sucked into another sour deal.
Oh, but we got the all-star game coming man. Great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and who rises. What is it?
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Who rises and wireless line. Yeah, I think you're right. We better check that tape later on.
And I want it now. I'm not through. I doctorate. I want the tape now.
Yeah, don't be doctorate that tape up.
I should tell the whole well I'll wait till the fall. I will tell a whole story on here.
What a slime ball. What a scumbag we're dealing with down here in the sales department.
So instead, instead of really getting the bottom of it and finding out what the problem was with that account.
And then coming in like a bench and saying there's a problem what's the real deal.
Comes up here and right away starting a big solid in. Doesn't even know what the real story is.
And comes up here pointing at everybody in general and me in particular.
Oh, you're taking any grand automobile. You're on my pocket.
Yeah. Well, I just I'm all choked up.
In fact, that's what when they hired me here, they told me we're hired you so that you could put money in Peter Wonders pocket.
That's what you're doing here. We don't care about the show. We don't care about the ratings.
We don't care about the audience. We don't give a crap about you.
We just hired you to come in here and put money in the sales people's pocket.
This is 560 QAF.
Portrait of you 560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale.
A Beasley Broadcast Group Station.
WQAM.com or the world.
Daddy, let me give George his bonus.
New, what Denys? It's an all new breakfast menu.
Yo, here you go, lady.
What? No, it's delicious.
That's the WAM Bam Thank You Slam.
The WAM Bam Thank You Slam?
That's what I said.
It's a thing. It's a thing.
Your lady just swallowing it.
I don't want to swallow it.
They all knew WAM Bam Thank You Slam.
That's it. That's it.
Get slammed at Denys.
I'm coming.
Cropdome at 560 WQAM.
Here's the facts from, it says a female.
One of the most illiterate facts I've ever gotten in my life.
Almost every word is misspelled.
When you walk about winning, winning, winning, W-I-N-I-N-G,
and this is unbelievable.
It says, I wrote to you yesterday and you assumed I was a male.
I'm not unfimilial.
What's kind of hard to tell by your typing?
And it's all about voting this and about the ballad and about this and Bapam.
And it says, and yes, Nail, if you're able to vote,
it is because you're an American citizen,
and you should speak enough English to at least perform that privilege.
I rest my case.
That's all 80% of the women in this town that's all I know about
is you are better than well-speak English,
and they hate you like poison if you can't speak you either enough or well-entrederate.
The way they like it.
I think the 14th Amendment or the 20th.
That you have to speak English to vote.
Now that's in the first Amendment.
Your freedom of speech but only in English.
Yeah.
I am so sick and tired of people like that.
They make me want to do a big fat pile of duty right in the hallway out there,
right down there on Peter Leonard's desk.
Man, what, what, I just can't, I don't get it.
It can only come back to one thing.
Hate, xenophobia, intolerance, stupidity.
Get on a plane and go somewhere in a real world lady.
Get out of your little goddamn lock box.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
A few minutes ago you mentioned about with the new voting equipment going into the 20th century,
and much less the 21st.
Yeah.
Don't start that again because everybody knows we're not there for another 18 days.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Don't start it.
Oh.
And about the Gore in four more years, I say.
No, as a matter of fact, we should start that again.
Kill a whole show.
That lady reminded me.
I say, yes, go in four years, but not out.
V-dow.
Gore V-dow, now you're talking about my vote.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, Gore V-dow and Jesse Ventura.
Can't ask much much.
Well, that's, uh, 201, 201 votes on our poll.
So far, should out, Gore V-dow Democrat, a candidate for president in 2004.
We got 96, and we got 61.
And I'm hoping that most of those 61 Republicans will just pray in that the Democrats are dumb enough to put them into it again.
I don't care 43.
Oh.
Oh, in fact, I kind of respect the 43 who say I don't care at this point.
Good for you.
Let's get out of some important crap if we ever figure out what that is.
I already did figure out what it is.
Sitting on like upright in this chair, like a real man bringing this mic.
I've been squeezing my kikis for three years up here in this studio.
It is Maple Leaf Studio, Vars.
Here's a call from Johnson, City, Tennessee.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
This John from Miami.
I came up to Tennessee to see my mom.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm just tired of this garbage, man.
I can't believe he stole this election.
Uh-huh. It's all over, though.
Yeah.
I'm glad it's over, but I'm just tired of it.
Anybody who ever said that George W.
You couldn't win a fixed election.
Well, guess what? Surprise.
That's for sure.
And everybody, a lot of people I talk to feel the same way.
They're just disgusted by the whole thing.
I think the idea of unity after this is ridiculous.
I think this is one of the most divisive things that we've ever done.
Sure. I've cut the country right down the middle.
I cut the court right down the middle.
I mean, what can I tell you?
And I'm surrounded by Yahoo's and even the Yahoo's think that he stole it.
Mm-hmm.
So, yeah, I'll go.
Tell all those Yahoo's up there in Tennessee.
Thanks for throwing away your 11 logical votes so that we had to get this embarrassment in Florida.
That's what I told them.
They're all upset about it.
And they said, well, did your state, I mean, you didn't even vote for the guy.
Yeah.
Of course, maybe if he would have campaigned there a little more
and except when he got desperate toward the end, maybe he would have won it.
We could only hope.
Okay. Have a great day, sir.
Thanks. Good luck.
Johnson City, Tennessee.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
We're big in Johnson City.
Not too big of Dave Rower and Palm Beach.
And definitely not too big over in...
What is it?
Cogger County and Lee County.
That's so easy to forget.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 0.
Why do you keep picking on those people over on a West Coast, Neil?
Because they deserve it.
And they like it.
They're into it.
Here's the lady in Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, you're right. They do deserve it over here.
No, it's pickers.
I'm just passing time.
I want to tell you that I first lived out of this country in 1982 when I was 17.
And what are you doing?
My daughter just left the talk out.
And when I came back, what it took for me to live out of the country to realize,
to get a better perspective of America.
And I realized when I was over there that what I wanted to do was,
whenever I had a child, I wanted to have a child with someone else from outside this country.
So if things got really bad here, they wouldn't have to grow up here.
And that's exactly what I did.
Good move.
And my daughter has to a citizenship.
And I feel like...
What country?
England.
Oh.
So my thinking was that that got socialized medicine over there, so if nothing else, she could get health care.
And plus the fact that they hold on, baby, they require that you read the Communist Manifesto in high school.
It's required reading.
And I think with that, you get a better perspective, not like school here.
Yeah.
The young people in Europe are so much better educated than the people here.
And most of them speak English fluently almost no matter where you go.
I'm even in A.W. of course, September because I can't speak where we go.
But it's shocking.
I was like screaming.
But I couldn't hear you, I'm sorry.
I said...
She's upset about the election.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Say how to the Queen.
While those Brits, I told her they get drunk and they make a lot of noise.
Too much problem.
56670560, 0560.
On the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
And you do realize, I've mentioned this before, I'll say it again, that so many people from this country, they travel abroad and they go to England.
Why?
Because they speak English, they're a so-we-think.
And because these people are so afraid to go into another country,
they don't speak our language.
What am I going to do?
How am I going to get by?
Very, very scary to me.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'd like to talk about one of the most dangerous enemies the United States has.
Yes, sir.
The Federal Reserve System.
Oh, boy.
Let me tell you something.
The Federal Reserve System has many of your listeners may not know as a privately owned corporation.
And ever since the founding fathers took over this country, they fought to gain control of America, the issue of America's currency from privately owned central banks.
I mean Jefferson, Madison, all the founding fathers warned that the issuing powers should be taken from the banks and restored to the people who went properly belonged.
As long as we continue to talk about, excuse me, as long as we continue to talk about budget deficits and whose president and all the rest of this crap,
and fail to talk about who is issuing a currency.
Oh, these countries are close to the AOL purchases of time order.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
As long as we, you know, continue to be distracted by these various other distractions, we'll never get rid of the actual culprit behind America's problems.
Bush is talking about cutting taxes.
That's a joke.
He won't be able to do it unless the Federal Reserve system allows him to do it.
Yeah.
I mean, Alan Grayson is going to defy for him the parameters of what he can and what he cannot do with this economy.
If he cuts taxes too much, the economy shoots through the roof like a skyrocketing jet.
The Federal Reserve System is taking away the legislation of the room.
We're going to be hurting all those Republicans out there.
That's the same thing that the average American is in.
It's becoming more living.
And the one that's going to be hurting, I am rising above, that interest rate is becoming.
Yeah, it's really, really bad. It's bad.
Yeah.
I'm thriving with all the Central Bank meals.
The Federal Reserve is nothing so, if I didn't either, are there any reserves?
Nine minutes left to do it is 560 WQM.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio, 560 QAM.
Got a general flaw.
Hey, where's Rudolf?
I can't find Rudolf.
Oh, he's having to say boy.
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Hey, what's that all over the play?
It's so terrible.
I don't know.
Ah, it takes bad news.
Oh, no.
Oh, no. The Razors got out.
And they got diarrhea.
The Razors have to be in the air.
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Hey, what's that up in the sky?
Is it a bird?
Is it a wave?
No, it's a radio.
It's a radio.
And they still got diarrhea.
Who's a radio?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
I took that big pile on your front lawn.
It wasn't Cubans.
It was just reindeer-done.
Maybe they were like Cuban reindeer?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on an 18-tonne for Razor Wireless Line.
Thousands and thousands of open lines here.
Hundreds.
219 votes on our pool.
I'm not going to go into it.
It's just there if you want to vote on it.
I'm not good.
Here's the mobile invoker.
Hey, Neil, I got two points for you.
One is Goa Michigan State Men's Basketball.
And secondly, you ever heard of the phrase,
no taxation without representation?
No what?
No taxation without representation.
I hear the radio.
Well, there you go.
I don't have to pay taxes this year.
Okay, let's move on to the fourth week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on an 18-tonne for a year.
Like I tried to tell you people,
cut the crap.
Cut the freaking crap already.
Life is going to go on.
Regardless of which one got in there,
it was going to be no better roses.
The roses may smell a little worse now for a while.
And life is going to go on.
And all you're doing is falling right in the line
with all those Republicans who have been saying about being a bunch of winers
because you're starting to irritate the crap out of me now.
Now I'm going to take my own private pool.
Who's irritating me most these winers
or that jackball from sales this morning
without a world-riding performance of his?
Nuh, nuh.
And be sure to take that picture down from the Bolton board.
The one with him and his kids and that pathetic letter.
You had a far picture?
Yeah.
Here's a mobile and croak on a creek. Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
I have something for the lady who has the daughter with dual
residency in London.
Yeah.
I read the book, beautiful book,
Karl Marx and Engels.
The tolerate doesn't work.
It didn't work in Russia.
You missed the whole point.
You're not saying that it worked.
You didn't even understand what you was talking about.
I do understand it.
I really, really, really don't understand it.
No, you don't.
But I'm telling you, it doesn't work.
It doesn't work in China or 4%.
Oh, get a life where you say,
this guy's so stupidly, right away, she's a communist now.
That wasn't the point she was trying to make you bozo.
Man, he calls to tell us that communism doesn't work.
Thank you very much, you see, you know what's happening now?
And if you get drawn in with this crap,
just like that sportsman, they called him in the go,
that was rambling about the Federal Reserve.
What the audience is trying to do now,
they're trying to segue from the election.
And now we're going to go back to being a WS News show again.
Is that going to happen?
No, over my dead body, okay?
Not going to happen.
Get a freaking life.
Communism doesn't work.
5, 6, 7, you know, one more word like that
and you will be deported before the weekend.
You better cut the crap, mister.
Of course, you know, you could be down there with aliens.
I'm going to be worse.
Although you would be missing your happy meal.
Better pick up a few on a way out.
Let's take them with me.
Get a carry out.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, mister Roger?
I'm doing okay.
I have a couple of quick things to say.
First, I just don't understand how you at veteran
20 plus years in the radio,
can I find anything more interesting to talk about
than George Bush being elected for President of United States?
I just don't understand why he is that, too.
Let me ask you something.
Do you think you're fooling somebody?
What is it that you want to talk about?
That's what I'm not talking about.
What do you want to talk about?
I've been listening.
Go play with your boyfriend, okay, asshole?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless One.
Hope everything comes out okay for you, pal.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Yes, I wanted to comment last night after the two speeches.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One.
Let's take an instant pull, which was the biggest asset
to the last two colors, I guess, that's it.
Wow, what?
Oh, yeah, it was the one from Broward.
Yeah, she'll straighten it all out.
Here's the mobile and Westcon V, chill out.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Thanks for having me like listen.
A guy who's in school been getting straight A's.
And is he reading the comments manifesto?
Did I what?
Okay, go ahead.
Well, anyhow, I spent a straight A student.
She does enter a math class and the teacher is a first year math teacher
who used to be the teacher for the kids that could not speak well.
In other words, bilinguals, so have it.
Kid can't understand.
Now all of a sudden she's getting below a passing grade, if my case,
which would be under a C, she got a D last time.
They won't let me take her out because she can't understand.
I check her homework, teacher says it's good, and I check it in.
It's wrong.
Yeah.
Any suggestions?
Any suggestions about what?
Well, I haven't been able to understand what you're talking about.
Are you saying the teacher is incompetent?
The teacher was supposed to be a communicator for different math,
etc. for kids that could not speak well.
Well, what you're trying to say is the teacher is Hispanic, is that what you're really trying to say?
Yeah.
Okay, we'll move to North Carolina.
And wait about six months to the follow your right up there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Same old, tired song, same old, boring, terminal crap.
No speaking English.
What are we going to do about these specs?
Man, these people wear me up and I'll still take the guy down money.
How do you like that?
Here's a mobile in ACDC.
Hello?
Hey, yeah, are you doing a long time to talk to you?
Okay.
I've just made my took himself up here, but listen, I'm listening on the radio here.
I've here at DC, we've already forgot about it.
We went on to the next thing.
You know, I love soft lort them, really fun there, but you guys got to get a grip, man.
They're never going to get a grip.
That's all they know from is they're pissed off about the election even if they're man one.
And one of those specs going to stop speaking Spanish, that's all they know.
You know, I have my photo, I can still, and every time I throw it out, it's embarrassing.
You know, with the alien thing and now this, it's like, you know, unbelievable.
But you know, I know you love Europe and everything, but I lived there for a few years.
And we do have a good thing going on here.
If we could just all work it out.
What does that mean?
We have a good thing going on here.
What is that?
You know, to infrastructure wise, I think it's just, you know, I lived in southern Italy and it was like three world or two.
I mean, you know, it's nice to go down to the 7-11.
Oh, southern Italy is the end.
Southern Italy is the end of the...
Down there, you see.
Sir, can I say something?
Can you, you know, I'm going to ask you, can you hear me?
Yeah, I can hear you.
So why is it that every time I start saying something, you just keep talking?
Well, I'm on a cell, so it's kind of difficult.
Okay.
Well, southern Italy is not exactly the barometer of what Western Europe saw about.
No, it's not.
I have an apartment in Amsterdam and I can go downstairs, walk right next door to the newsstand,
and get all the coaks and sodas or whatever I...
Although, I see your hour, I see your rest, whatever I want.
Yeah, you're right about that.
It's like, do anything.
It's like, you know, Jonathan Tennessee or whatever.
I'm sure the store is on open 24 hours, but...
It's just like I got back, it was nice to be back and, you know, I...
In fact, I blocked my apartment.
There's a convenience store that's open to two o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
Well, the answer to me was nice.
I like it, although...
It's a little shocking when you first get off the train there, the train station,
and you see that little park there and some of the things that are going on.
But if you can get past that...
Well, well, what things are going on in the park?
Well, I got there.
It was like, you know, a lot of...
I drug you a lot of...
You know, things that you normally don't see when you first get to America.
I'll put you know...
Well, what kind of drug...
So, what kind of drug...
What kind of drug...
Sir!
What kind of drug you...
What kind of drug you...
What kind of drug you...
What kind of drug you...
What kind of drug you...
What kind of drug you...
What kind of drug you are...
What kind of drug you...
You know, like, I'm doing heroin and strung out and it's just...
Do you know you can't...
Do you have like, coming to Miami and saying,
Hey, there...
Sir, I...
I hate the break...
You're an idiot.
First of all, I've been in Amsterdam probably a hundred times.
I haven't spoken to Amsterdam.
I've been a...
Have a lot more than you will ever be.
If you live to be 500,
I've never seen anybody doing heroin out in the street.
You almost never see anybody as you call it strung out in the street.
and even pop most people smoke at a coffee house on the inside once in a
while you see somebody smoking a joint outside and you know what nobody
pays any attention because it's not a big deal they're not about your
overgrown children like America well he must have one of the best cell phones
or like I said they can't really hear us or maybe he's just a rude prick here's
wife then hello yes sir hey now how are you okay I just want to give a quick
view it is whole thing and you know something I'm trying to figure out which
is which I'm more excited about as an American the happy meal or those 7
elevens all 7 eleven yeah that's true I just want to say a f bush a
gore a fillion and ever me would be in stupid to live in this dysfunctional
state and I hope you have a nice day okay thanks for your fn the brilliant
comment 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line he's
about the third caller I've had at least who gives me a cell must be
hallucinating oh yeah he's been asked to them and all this rampant drug use
and these terrible things that are happening right out in the open were these
people must have some bad mushrooms when they were there that's got to be in
here's Miami hello yes sir hey hi don't you okay these callers Jesus Christ
exactly oh he's gonna be called next hour
but I'm saying for everyone does need to get up need I get a hold on this we
really don't need to hear about this I'm tired of hearing about all this
dumb bush to this gore dad oh god yeah we finally that we got our fear I
think we should just go ahead and yeah and get on with life but how's the
stock how does that do in this 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on is that said isn't
that said now there's a client sick example of a guy who has absolutely
nothing nothing to say and he's getting tired of hearing about it and then he
repeats for like about 10 seconds what it is he's tired of hearing about and then
he goes into a he has absolutely nothing to say and obviously has no life
because he's waited if he waited more than five seconds which he waited a lot
longer than that to get on the year for that sir please please get a search
party organized before they get start tonight before sundown get a search
party go out there and find a life I'm begging you just a semblance of one
maybe you'll see some people doing heroin out there in the park you see one of
the reasons you wouldn't see that name is that the heroin addicts they round
them up and they have a special place way outside of town where they take
them all and they supply clean needles so they don't want to spritting all
kinds of disease and they deal with it intelligently as a health problem and
out of the criminal problem but anyway I just mentioned it in passing here's
Fort Lauderdale home good afternoon sir yes sir I just have a couple of
things to say first of all Rosem game number one and probably the happiest
person that bush one was a madam president Hillary she's psyched for four
years from now 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for Ryan's and wireless
line well we have an epidemic I'm telling you a cancer was about to have that
woodpecker he's got to be a maybe he's got in the slingshot and he's just
the back and forth because it's definitely making an impact up here today
in fact I feel like I'm getting overwhelmed with shot 5 6 7 0 5 60 I mean the
idea of running Hillary Clinton they woman despised I mean reviled by the
majority even the women in this country is so ludicrous and I'll say it again
I think the Democratic Party is I've lost touch with it or they've lost
touch with me I'm running away I'm gonna find whatever I don't just
eventually quit the reform party because they can't put them out for their
candidate but whatever he's gonna be I'm following him right to right down
the road to sanity because you Democrats who are sitting here whining and
moaning and all this other bull crap what the hell do you have to offer a
cigar store engine and and the ice princess that's your idea of what you want
for leadership for this country
give me that tape I haven't brought it I want it now 26 past noon at 560 WQM
I've got two sets of lips
Oh what to do PS2 why can't I find you I'm so sick of looking that I'm thinking I might
through a bad sign because I'm lying there 500 bucks I think this is how
I'm only get there I'll a day a day or two ago I was set to pay I heard they
had PlayStation 2 down at the big K I jump right in my car and I hit it to the
store but when I got there some kids said we ain't got no more oh what the
do PS2 someone tell me why I checked at the Bradley's and I look out at the
fire the delay what a shame on this me and me
no PlayStation 2 they share under my Christmas tree
oh help me she said please I'm down on my knees sorry son no PlayStation but
here's the log of cheese what I'm left me just this I must confess I guess I'll
have to get another pump a truck from here but there's not a log of cheese for
a George but another tree speaking of toys our good friend David Greenfax is
me this about the view sonic VEP W420 plasma displayed TV 42 inches
sale price that only hang on tight and only a mirror 10,250 bucks so start you
guys might be interested David you're a great guy but no not this week 5 6 7 0 5
60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Roger Kasek and Greta von
Brown are saying voters and elected officials yeah here's Hollywood hello
yes sir yes hi I am a libertarian you're a what libertarian why is that well
what do you enjoy wasting you enjoy wasting your time well I have a vote for the
libertarian party because I know they'll never win but the conservative party
the Republican party is better than the Democratic party the both the same but
I'd rather have the Bush you know Bush and White House than the then I'll
court and what is I know you have a lot of comments you very smart of yours
can give a good answer but what what was your answer to the last call that talked
about the federal reserve bank sir get some help 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line not only are they trying to
turn it into a WS Newshow but they want to go back to the days of the trial
at our commission and the Illuminati and the bill of the bird yeah man since
they finally made those speeches last night I think they opened up the
Dermeter like when Reagan got in and they opened the door of the mental
institutions let everybody out to like save us a lot of money because who the
hell ought to take care of them I think they've done it again here's Miami hello
I'm mad at hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore yeah no it's just it's driving
me crazy it really is what is that what's driving you crazy that the judicial
fiat is what do you mean you're supposed to conceive were you running well no
what out of our conceited last night it's all over with get a life I'm not I'm
not gonna listen to it you're just wasting your time if it makes you feel better
to get hung up on be my guest wouldn't do the first time maybe the 10
minute time doesn't bother me and Elise makes me feel fine hanging up on people
are just they just won't listen they're gonna take over the show and no matter
what I tell them they're gonna keep talking about and the answer is still no
no get over it they stole the election it was a fixed election right from the
get go sprain your run and just like I also told you November 7th and
November 8th this state this penis a lot of ours this was gonna be where the
whole thing was decided because just coincidentally got the brother up there
in Tallahassee and the secretary of Bush and all these other goyms and the fix
was in so get over it and stop whining already you'll survive it we survived
eight years of Reagan four years of pop a bush we survived the moron jury
fourth we survived the Lemmings Jimmy Carter we'll get over it life goes on and the
FTC just to prove the AOL time Warner deal so what are you complaining about and
then I was actually down 20 points and how's the how's the doubt doing come on
flip it on there oh down 89 well that's not 160 see things are looking up George
what are you talking about we're only down 20 on the NASDAQ now that Bush is in I
think that's to do with that federal reserve if you ask me here's Weston
hello okay yes I was watching the S.P.N last night outside the lines and they had
a thing with the University of Vermont hockey team a hazing incident
where they all story we had that months ago how you did uh-huh or just talking
about the coconut creek incident how come the principal and the athletic director
haven't been held accountable and where is the higher education these people
didn't know that that was going on they know what was going on so where
these people being held accountable our principals and our athletic director
they're not they're not they slept the coach on the wrist they give
a 10 day suspension and that's the end of it and boys will be boys that's
terrible that's what we should be concerned about right now is our higher
education right now higher education what about our Lord you we don't have any
education here let's tell we we just moved out to Weston and they already are
schools are busting at the scene right both to go to another high school you've
got Western high school which has five or four different annexes where you got
kids going all over the place supposedly they lost their accreditation
were promised a new high school out here and nothing's being done about it well
you're guessing you forget where you live sir this is Florida we don't care about
kids here in fact we don't want kids here we hate them like Poison and Florida we
want a lot more old people obviously good luck good luck you sir thank you
me God bless America a lot of talk a lot of empty rhetoric about oh yeah the
schools and education it's a number one priority but Lonnie or Lonnie you can't
complain about the education in America because there is nothing let them
want to school on the quanson what's wrong with that when I went to school I
walked 40 miles through the snow yeah well I walked like at least a block in a
school in the snow right up on the corner of Fort Hill Avenue in
Canada with New York baby right in the corner of Fort Hill Avenue in Main Street
Canada where category good school too yeah I mean they produced me what more do
you need here's Miami Lake hello how you doing today near tremendous there's
guy that call about what he sees and answer that he's an asshole he's a jackass
who smokes more crack than anybody in the goddamn world America I think he's got a
crack problem I'm telling you who's more strong I don't have to and who invents
to God damn drugs America that's right you know I'm saying that's the American
way exactly man and you know I want to tell you the biggest winner of this
election is damn leave him and he got six more years and he don't give a damn
about gold that's right he knew they didn't have a child in the town you
leave him in a smart yeah he's smarter than one more thing you know that the
smartest Fredo I hate George Bush with all my guts but I tell you what I
rather George Bush run the damn America with some friggin balls then our
goal is that a pussy foot he's a big time pussy man you see I'm telling you
stop maybe that's a problem I always wonder what it was about him maybe he's
just a big pussy that's all I rather I hate W but W has got
more than you ever he's got a pair man now if he only had a brain we really
being good shape okay have a nice day
pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop I've got my pictures
Amsterdam and my head but I get yourself a real photographer Alan stop playing
amateur photographer did anybody get a hold him did you come get a hold him
because I want those keys on to his office
I thought we would actually get anything accomplished yeah one to just tell him
we want the keys they know they'll you'll get him yeah somehow someday
20 to be 4 1 at 5 60 WQ any
but Neil Roger show sports radio 5 60 Q a only in the banana republic baby only in my
amy
I was in the gull my Christmas I was a big on the Christmas I was a big on the
Christmas in the fire when the new year I was a big on the Christmas I was a big
on the Christmas in the fire when you knew you know 17 to 1 at 5 60 WQ I mean
though I just when we were came back to me that I had used to describe him
throughout the entire campaign this ingenuous
that's the word that's on the pal gore last night he seemed warm since
here like almost a real human being in a contestant speech but up until last
night the word that i used to describe him i think fit like a rubber glove
this ingenuous
which is one of the many reasons that he lost
oh my talking about that again
here's a what was this
western
hello neal yes sir
well i remember anyway
neal you know i'm in where
in my army
it's it's about the same itself
i'm going to line it's me it's my finger problem again
neal it's all the same crap you know but anyway
neal i'm just you know i'm going to have this this situation is over with you
know
uh... we suffer enough through this and uh... thank neal god i think god i
you know that uh... it's all over
uh... the people here my job can you say the left is so we will have a
shimmy request there please yes it's the the phone is a spring pcs bell
thousand in the guineta
and we really appreciate if you play the four
okay you got it
we're not going to find that
what's on one of these yeah recently
okay i'll find it
just hang on tight
three back
isn't that that's my guess how about one seventy eight what is that called
about some of something for once can
that's not one seventy eight
i realize this is very exciting radio looking for the end of it that he wanted
here but you know something so i'm interested in the most of the calls i've
had today
what you winers out there go find yourself some macaroni and cheese
how about one seventy nine what do you say
what is the acute for one order it is
five six seven oh five six the five five sixty
on the eight the emperor is not killed at the music
here's why stand hello
i need to find
yes sir
that i've got actually got to make contact first i want to get very important
questions to walk by spoke with you
but um...
i was watching the news and i
and i know the protest around washington
that a sign that that said a million words
and protest with a sign is stated
for loser men
and it's just uh...
it's with me because it's just uh...
maybe that's the first time you've seen that sign
that was the first time i don't get along with those signs for uh... weeks now
well i didn't see it so then like i said
i had to turn off and be honest in the odd and turn the office last few days before
forty actually completed because i was the entire year about it was just getting
old
uh... glad it's over but i want to ask you a question i i i i say wherever
every bit of i should get you give um...
everybody that i'd like to know
well when you talk on the radio you give a lot of i should be very experienced
and i think itself
and i want to ask you a question
actually told my business here recently and i'm looking to move i wonder if you
suggest a place that
it's a place to live
you know that
i'm not like you know i can't go to europe i'm not that rich but
you know i can i can go with them within the United States
all
well that cuts it way down
well he had it he had a pic one out of the hat will be
well i mean just to say just pick up and move i don't understand that i don't
know how people do that i mean you had you you just don't get it
well i have a real estate company i sold it just recently
yeah i'm i'm basically looking at the open up shop somewhere else but other
than Florida
well if you don't care about the weather i would say Boston
well i should have a friend of mine who's in south bris and he told me uh...
it's actually great market right now so yeah you said that there you go
like read my mind you know closing up i'd be on the way before the sun hits
eight and then closing you know remember there are no fags in the church okay
goodbye
hmm
five six seven oh five sixty i can't find that damn thing
you know what?
what the hell is that thing called
one seventy eight one seventy five this will kill some good time
now i don't pray that damn music Jesus Christ
that sounds like uh...
jury answer is something like a sandy painting
well here's one don't have a cue sheet and that's good that's probably the
ones on
let's just play all the cuts from there maybe someone of those
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t and Verizon wireless
line our topic today is
meh
i'm embarrassed for you i'm embarrassed for not for a lot of you
grow up the amount take it like a man take it like a woman take it like an
adult
reminds me of like if you went on vacation and you left your house open in your
front door just wide open
and you came back and you said oh do you still want my crap
that's what this reminds me of those booklers were bastards yeah
how dare they
like the other big billboard on the front lawn everything's unlocked the doors open
come on in take what you want
all she they read me off they stole it
i can find that
here's a mobile in front of the house
yes sir
how you great
uh... i'm just talking about uh... you can talk about living in your
hello yes sir
yes i live in here for a long time
and the quality of life compared to totally
you get the same as we did
and run that by me again this is a shameless way to live
here in america
we're going on everything compared to what happened over in japan
and people live over there
it's a shameful way to live here
i said have a great day
quick squeaking at damn chair rounds so much
so squirming around a lot i don't i can't find that and we're going to stop
looking for a lot of some lacross it one of these days i'll play it again for
sir when i find it
that's something
i would say that i'd probably as unlucky day to got a call made a request because
i can't find anything i've scarred through every one of the recent this
and i know it ain't that long ago
probably on one doesn't have a q-sheet
well let's get the tape
five six now five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T all i can say to that about that peter letter one thing this is about
the nicest thing i can say
great does he have a lot of clips by
here's Miami hello
Miami
going once
Miami's going which can't be all bad here's a mobile in deer field hello
yes sir
new holiday great
uh... we someone's good uh... you happy about the pot and see what don't care
don't care just like i'm not discussing it's a remote out of the
you can see it the track last night yeah
what happened because i wasn't there
oh we were looking again
interesting
and you know i got a request one more thing just request the manage the
manage that today
five six seven o five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T
you're rising more of us one
i have a good idea of it
yeah
yes what do you need today
yes
you know a good place to live
what about a restaurant when you go to Vegas is there like a and what about a
good seven eleven
and they got a call about the seven eleven one neat way to live in this is
because we've got all his convenience and we have a seven eleven oh thank
heaven for seven eleven that's all i can say
in fact every time i walk outside and amst it in my thing to myself
yeah this is this sucks there's no seven eleven here
although right up the street for me about a block and half from the apartment
right uh... even before you get to Albert high in the upper what's i call
Albert seems to be pretty crappy a grocery store supermarket
there's a very nice convenience store that opens at five in the afternoon
it's open to two in the morning
and i know about you but generally speaking three four o'clock in the
morning and my head is on the pillow and i'm sleeping i'm not looking to go
to the convenience store
here's a lady mobile and probably uh... doing heroin here's a lady in the
north by me beach hello
uh... yet you know when we talk about
the republican still in the selects five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the you know i i know i'm going to go in the hearing aid business
because we got more deaf people in this town i'm not talking about your god damn
election lady
you get it you understand it you got it oh no
the line is drawn in the sand right here i just took my big finger my big fat
middle finger and i drew a line in the sand
and i'm not talking anymore about the selection being stolen about republic
cunes and democrat and grow and brooch it's over
over get a freaking life i'd rather talk about
alien i'd rather buy a happy meal and send it to them
because the way this show is going to be my next meal is going to be an
unhappy meal all of course it's going to be a mommy's house so probably
will be anyway
just a joke ma
and yeah through the exit
oh yeah
and you have to worry about any big
splice in the toilet i took care of that this morning right here work
see that was bad that i was in there doing that because if i would have been
here i could have seen that whole i missed it i missed a good stuff
i missed that outrageous grotesque unacceptable performance by the biggest
asshole in our sales department nothing i want to mention his name
they have a lot of clips by peter put me an institution soon before it's too late
landed here's bokeh hello
meal yes sir how the hell are you good i just heard your
your little discussion about the election five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
that's our number toll free out of town line is open eight seven seven seven eight
five sixty three forty five
here's delray beach all
you know it's going to be a little bit game out of
i don't know if you touched on it yet but have you read anything about the deregulation of the power
and Florida deregulation of the power and Florida
yeah they're talking about deregulating it and um
uh... for my from my words you look at it you really get to be really expensive
well hopefully that'll uh... enabled you to buy yourself a phone network that would be good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line can you hear that woodpecker i hear right now
uh...
here's delray beach hello hello yes sir delray beach yes i'm calling well i have a message for you
no you remember probably my dog between yeah well he was in town over the weekend
to the governor's meetings yeah tried to get you this is father calling i'll even delray
yes sir he wanted to wish you marry christmas well you tell myself the same to him he's doing great
up there in colombus and we miss him well i'm glad he uh... tried two two three times to get you
but he couldn't he couldn't hang in so i can tell give my message for me for me tell me that
Marty Strockett said hi to marie Strockett Marty Strockett great i will okay thanks very much
okay tell me have a good one bye bye
yeah
oh there's alcy haything sand a printed yeah
well boy you talk about another media hound this guy he's been under just around the clock
everywhere you look i got and i like him yeah i mean sister especially since he got out you know
but uh... he just uh... nonstop alcy and jessey and jessey and alcy and donny and uh...
jimmy and danie just never stops now let's go back to the jimmy and danie stuff what do you say
those are the good old days here's a mobile and tempered pine tello hi yeah yes sir
uh... so all of a sudden you're the advice guru huh anyways uh... i don't know where to go
and of course i do that every day tell people where to go uh... i need a lawyer
to get a ball listen um ball for the great city the day long time uh... and i just want to share
joy with you that i have a lot of them are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eight tnp and for rison wireless one as we continue just roll along we may set a record for calls
today we may take like forty thousand here's my amy hello hello yes sir any how you doing for
color uh... yeah i just want to say that all those people because i have myself no party affiliation
i usually just go with the flow and do you know go with whoever i like and the people that share my
views but all those people out there who are whining look if history's taught us anything it's
that when a president is elected usually the congress goes the other way in the next two years
it happened every time it happened in nineteen fifty one with eyes and how are so there are these
people wanting don't give up hope you know i don't understand what people are getting all crazy about
it now the real messages get a life not not a question don't give up hope get a life yeah you know i
mean i mean come on you know things gonna change cuz the only way the only reason they're all
whipped up about it is because it's been on television twenty four hours a day for weeks on end
and the media that controls their minds whatever the media tells them is important they get all immersed
in it and they you know they had an interesting thing the other day about the poll the surveys
they go into shopping malls they ask people the overwhelming majority of the people in this country
couldn't name more than one if one of these supreme court justices until all this came around
and i'll hold it that my question that's clear yeah because it's been on tv twenty four hours
today the american people are so easily program that it's a terrifying terrifying frightening
this is what you will be concerned about this is what's important and you will be obsessed with
it until we tell you that till we pull the plug well guess what i just pull the plug
two hundred and seventy four votes on our thing today on our pool and they say yeah
this is five sixty q a m four three new five sixty w q a m i am he for blood or d l a
feasley broadcast group say w q a m dot com for the world and they're on to two hours
the internet i was constantly tell you about a tnt new with calling plans that the simplify
calling and reduce your phone bill wait who are you again a tnt a tnt in your call for what
to tell you that i knew was calling plan you knew it's calling plans just say all right go ahead
okay well i'm here at a tnt like i said we do have a new calling plan that the simplifier calling
is your phone bill if you don't mind me asking what you don't mind me i'm on the toilet
well i'm talking okay um what kind of nonsense is
carrying what's your question again what kind of nonsense kids hello do you have
we must use a tnt i don't know okay so it'll be a better time for me to call her back
what it'll be a better time for me to call her back no i i you got to talk to me because i
have a phone here in the bathroom and uh i don't want to get up and hang it up so keep talking to
me all right tell me more about your deals okay so you say um you think you're with the
city sorry i think mti sprint what what you think you would um mti sprint or at tnt something like
that something like that okay do you know what kind of rachael currently getting
uh
hello do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it here you start to get it one more time
uh make it a poopy
you make a poopy
hello
minute after one at five sixty wqm now here's a classic example and even the facts are
same thing they don't listen to a word that i'm saying they got their own agenda out there
here's somebody faxes me five pages waste five pages they had a chopped 15 trees down to
print these five pages here supreme court does this by the by the by and the note on the
your front page says can you please read this article for your listeners no keep up the good work
thanks okay they just don't listen they don't have their own agenda i think it's that cloud
that lock box closet homo sexual agenda if you ask me five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the at and t and Verizon wireless line here's my amy hello hello nil yes sir i think
part of the problem is that uh the problem we want part of the problem why people can't let it go
is because you're like the only guy out there who uh exposes uh the point of view of
of of a lot of us that we got screwed okay so we got screwed and it's over with now let's move on
what are we going to do keep looking at our wounds and crying over spilled milk forever you have
to move forward what's in a talk about but i don't know about you but uh i i my philosophies
always been uh to uh to get even right and uh i was really uh peed off yesterday yeah the this
fat hoolioculture any time you know he was fat yeah you're right he did sound fatty sound like a
fat like a jerk and a if i would love to take his ass for you man okay because he was a big big
mighty cone okay george has his number he'll give you the address and go down there and kill you in
the look of rotsie going on kick his ass big fat spick five six seven oh five sixty probably
a smoking big cheap cigars too not even good ones from nicks how those cigars coming at you at
took home they were great i got some of the humid over here oh do you i might even take one of
those i'll smoke it at mommy's house just to piss her off five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the at and t and Verizon wireless line yeah i feel so much better now sitting up straight
not squeezing my kiss keys in here against this uh board on this make believe a studio we got here
here's a mobile and sunrise hello hey deal yes sir how about them yankies meaning what well
you want to test the subject let's talk about baseball come we know why mom and anybody talk about
baseball baseball is finished well it's better on the stupid election it's also okay let me say it
again baseball is finished it's history it's over especially here well what what we watch
call the call the sports show and talk about baseball okay sound twisted they are five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the at and t and Verizon wireless line all call from
mistero hello yes sir i'll request if it's okay yes how about sitting on a bench in Delray
is that a request for the song or a request for the act okay see about that's that product
you get over there he's in a sterile like the Yamama like the mama didn't heaven my wife
kissed her car doors and doors she drives my door and she's three feet tall
yeah i heard you the first time what do i do that
well he wants to hear from the beginning you don't want to hear like the last ten seconds of it
plus that'll kill better times you better learn mister it's a better way to kill time now how
are we gonna know when we come back on here there seems to be a regular thing lately you know
that you have a little radio back there i'm not gonna i'm not gonna fart around with
that radio all you get is like buzzing and puking on it kind of like if you're on 441 the same
we've won we're on the year in other words we have to monitor on the radio to find out if we're
on the year or not you got a better idea yeah just sitting here and waiting somebody will sell
us i guess or not is the case maybe we'll just sit here and do this how many spots should we run
during this all of them okay back to back we'll pull an Allen Burke rest in peace okay we're back
on here thank you so much oh wow okay so they go on to hear what think he owes me now because
i started this going went off the air and then i'm back in the beginning because it'll kill
more good time this way i think my life just their car door goes more she drives my joy and she's three feet tall
i wasn't right with no way i said i'd need it there later today so i'm just sitting on a pension
like it's tight we've got a change
question by chance don't always say the same
all that's gonna do with you that tells me to do
the time at high rates she must be in pain just sitting here resting my bones
wondering why my wife won't leave me alone we talked it over and i never went
you we just wind up stepping through the wall again oh so i sit on the pension they're ready
waiting for the lolly bus to take me away oh you just sitting on a pension they're ready
with my friends my oh
oh
that's the old damn thing
my wife say it up hot thanks we had a very important bulletin earlier in case you missed it
that is the communism doesn't work was he pathetic or what and that that was tragic
and of course to show at the degree of paranoia that exists in certain segments of this
community about communist the communist the don't ever call and tell us about that again lady
because that kind of problem would want to invade England
comedy bastards five six seven oh five sixty yeah that Tony Blair he seems like one of those
comedy pinko guys uh at least a pinko part eight minutes after one at five sixty double
oh my god
and now the red spot right martial delays headquarters in washington the gym baker singer
oh right
last
change
me
I'm old yet. I'm gonna show you I will
I will
He told me to do I don't believe
I don't get that doing here
From under 501 to 50 W come we got a great fox in the chicken coop store here
General Butterworth. Oh, okay
You weren't listening to that worry of course not why?
Well, she was talking about protecting the integrity of Bush
We got Jebs to the Secretary of Bush and I fascist calling him some of the Democrat Bobby Butterworth
Bob blah blah blah blah blah in order to protect the integrity of every vote
That's what I just said it's the fox in the chicken coop. This is rubbing the salt in your room
They're appointing a task force to examine the election procedures in the state of Florida so we won't have these problems again
This bitch is talking about protecting people
Are you saying that election crap again? No
Good
You know what bitch I'm talking about?
I want that tape
No, nothing doctoring it yet
Oh, call the doctor
Yeah, there's that Bobby Butterworth that kind of call yesterday in a pose though
To show that the Democrats are just as stupid as the Republicans. Oh, yeah, Bobby Butterworth for governor and I in 2002
Get rid of that Jeb Bush
I'm just looking at Bob Butterworth and I'm getting ready
Oh, man, there goes that first omelet right down the turlid
fascist son of a bitch
And that's a compliment
So you know all the whining that goes on, stop you see I want to say something
This is the fairest statement that I can make
As a lifelong Democrat
The Democratic Party has they've got nobody to blame but themselves nobody
Still and or not
Republicans didn't pick Al Gore
Republicans didn't elect Bob Butterworth to attorney general
Republicans aren't the one who keep picking the Ken Jenny in Broward County
So if the Democratic Party can't come up with better candidates
With candidates who are qualified and be can win once in a while
Then who want what what's the point of blaming of affixed elections
I guarantee you right now that the third party is the only way to go that's the only hope for this country
And I know that the 99% of you don't agree too bad you're wrong
Third party not Ross Faroe with his little ears and talking in stupid cliches
Not Ralph Nader with his goddamn fan belts from my 60-core of air no
A third party that really relates to a centrist down the middle party
Not some radical extreme right or extreme left like Pat you can't interrupt Nader
Socially liberal conservatively or financially conservative that's what we need
Oh there's that John McKay
Good job with that basketball team John
Here's a mullible in Miramar hello
Actually is a stationary
A meal
Yes sir
You're absolutely right though third party all the way home
We will get that
Jesse Ventura to get out the booth of those excel fel games and run for president you know what I mean?
Yeah exactly
And uh
Yeah
Hey George I mean hey Neil do your thing on your next trip to Amsterdam
Bring me back some of that good week from over there all right
You got it man
I get some for George too
No he always got it
All right see
Oh jeez
56050560, 0560 on the ATF
That's another thing any of these candidates advocating the legalization of marijuana
Oh no in fact it was Clinton Gore that we're having a nervous breakdown
Was it the California law or Oregon or Marbanda Helen was fighting it in court
Oh you can't do that even medical garbage away baby it's bad
You're seriously getting married
You're seriously getting married
You're getting married
I think we got a call before my Amsterdam was confused with central proc where you saw the people openly doing heroin
Central proc
Yeah
See there's something that many of you also don't bother many things that most people don't understand especially about me
One of them is if you don't like Amsterdam fine don't ever grow there
They have more than enough tours the economy is doing fine
It's already too crowded if you don't like Germany if you don't like Italy if you don't like whatever if you don't like Boston
You don't like Toronto you don't like Las Vegas don't go there
I'm not here selling I'm not here peddling I'm just sharing my own personal opinions and experiences
And if you like it fine and if not hey
Have a good time in Salt Lake City or wherever you want to go
Have a good time in Iran to quit I don't care where you're gonna go well whatever
But they they they get on the phone here
And they argue like they're gonna convince me like oh yeah you're wrong Neil it's really terrible and things that I saw
Yeah
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Mobile in Miami yes sir
Oh yes
Hey I got a partner here I'm kind of driving this big truck here
I got a request for that
Keep your car off the keep your hands off the car your MF
Okay
I've heard that a long time you got it man
All right and keep your truck off the thing
Okay, what that was you
The car test is on the rocks
America a car is stolen every 12 seconds
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen
The truck will protect the valuables inside your car
But a big black guy named Ben cam
You know where from the car mother fuckers
For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system
And even less than you'd pay for the club
You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile
Get away from the car mother fuckers
It's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out
And he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them
Get away from the car mother fuckers
Listen to these testimonials from people who used a big black guy named Ben
It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much
Just get away from the car mother fuckers
That's about it
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with
It got him to protect my car
It's the best investment I've ever made
My name of it isn't that great
There have been a lot of car theft
I can't tell you how many times I've tried to get away from the car mother fuckers
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car
Let's me sleep better at night
Call now 1-800-1 big guy
That's 1-800-1-BIG-GUI
And instead of hearing this
You'll hear this
Get away from the car mother fuckers
1-18-560-WDQ-I-M-560-705-60
Don't forget specs, music, all over South Florida
Daydabad, Palm Beach, Naples, Four Mires
Specifications got the best in the LCDs and cassettes
20 bucks for a planned parenthood
And also I should mention
That Pac-Mail at 965 North Navi Hill Road
In the Windexy Shopping Center plantation has been kind enough to handle all of our shipping this year
And with a holiday here right now if you're going to Pac-Mail
The ship any packages
Mention the Arongers they'll lock 10% off everything in ship
And thanks again to them
Thanks to all the people who have helped us out
Any checks today for me and the sales people are rick-y-y-m for a planned parenthood
No!
Anybody in managed mess you up a setting?
No!
Okay, just a second
And also don't forget next Tuesday between 6 and 9 p.m. will be at the pizza lock
Without our sales staff
That's right, sales staff is uninvited
This is a party that everybody else is invited to and the sales staff is not
Except the people we like in sales
Like Adam, Brian
567-0560, well I'm thinking about it
Here's a mobile in Davy, hello
Yeah, Dale
Yes sir
Hey, how you doing?
Good
A little bit of football
What's it got to take for the Miami-Def?
560, having a 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T
And Verizon Wireless Line
Like I said, a little bit of football
That was about it
As a matter of fact, because they're having a pretty good year all over the Spitalized Weeks game
How about a little bit of
What's Gary doing tonight?
Hey, cool!
Wrong thing!
Okay, that's enough
Here's a call from somewhere
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Neil
Yes I am
Miami-Native, I moved LA a couple years ago
It's great to be back in town visiting and hearing your lovely voice
Better grew up with
I agree with you completely
They have no one to blame but themselves
They had a year to find someone to be George Bush and they couldn't do it
And what do you mean?
There wasn't this guy
They couldn't do it
This guy had a loser brained on his forehead from the start
And he still won
And then you, Lieberman, now I'm talking about the Gorillow
Oh yeah
And the other thing is as far as I'm concerned, this country gets what it deserves
I can't think of a perfect person to represent America as you and I
And most people, well not most people, but the people that know how this country is
An idiot that can't name countries that doesn't know capitals
That made his money out of it
That's what I didn't say all along
We dumb is where it's at in America
So why are we surprised that they elected the dumbiest president?
It's art
And it's perfect and you get what you deserve
As long as you can drive your ass you be and take your kid to soccer practice
And they're building prisons to throw people in there that are there
And don't forget the happy meal
They have nothing to worry about
And the convenience stores
Yeah exactly and blockbuster
Okay good luck pal
I love you
Good luck pal
Let's go we'll take us away
Okay
5670560
I keep telling you you got your priorities upside down
But that's up to you if you want to continue being upside down go right ahead
Kind of like my stock portfolio
Mitch, upside down
How the stock's doing?
Let me get this boring blue waters off of my set
Which I keep trying all of that down down 105
And then I stack down 38
I thought it was going to be hey on the way to San Jose
Way to hell up there
Viva la Bush Bush Bush baby
All you bush people you better call up your broker at bye bye bye
With both hands get those stock prices up
I don't give a damn about those earnings reports
And all of a sudden the crap we're going to have a recession
You got to help our stocks go up
Bye bye bye
Until it hurts until it bleeds
Until you don't have two nickels left to rub together
That was supposed to be the one silver lining in this very dark cloud
Is all at the markets they want this they want to
And all of a sudden they're taking another big red on their front lawn
Yes, it wasn't a Cuban that left it there maybe it was Maria Bartiromo
Here's a mobile in North Miami hello
Yeah, I like me out
Yes sir
Great show
That's the thing that you played a little while ago
The one was sold sitting on the four-less block into the AT&T operator
That was so funny
What was that that I bought before the speech?
Yeah
Uh-huh
Yeah, like you said that was so funny and you're not
56070550560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Oh, if I had a $10 bill for every more on in this town
I'd be sitting in my apartment in Amsterdam right now smoking a big fat one
Yeah, that's where it's at mom
Sure, she must be listening. I'll get ready for lunch
Drugs and sex
Drugs and sex
Here's the lady in Fort Myers. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am
Me again
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Wait, wait, wait, wait
What do you mean it's me again? You called me today already?
Yeah, I called you
No, no, it's not you again
560705, once a king, always a king, but once a show is enough
That's the limit lady. This isn't like your own personal little play toy
Which I'm sure you've probably got one in the drawer somewhere. Have a good time with it
Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello
Yeah, the Neil
Yes, sir
Yeah, I got disconnected a minute ago. I'm talking about football
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T
And Verizon line two back to back. That was good. Maybe we can come up with that bitch in Fort Myers. What do you say?
It's actually made in heaven. They can rub the pigs skin together
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir
Why is it that George W can't look
56070560? See, let me say it again two things. We're not talking about pilot fix number one. No more deluxe in pockets over. It's history. Get used to it
And number just rolled over and open wide. And number two. I'm not talking to any more people over the age of 100
See, that's another real benefit of getting involved with all this election crap. Is that all you owe for? It's just like I said
They want to they want to turn the clock back and have me do W snooze all over again. Be a babysitter for people over the age of 100
Who's teeth are soaking in a glass? The answer is absolutely no. No
No
Go on the backyard and look for the right hole on the ballot and leave me alone. That's my advice.
Hello, Neil. Call up the goddess. George is girlfriend. She'll straighten it all out for you. She'll be sufficiently indignant. I'm sure
God and then the best part of it is like I said the grandparents of people like this last guy did the ones that call her. Hello, Wendy.
That's your just favored by the one. Yes, she's got her thumb on it
56070560. 0560 on the 18t and I guess she finally made a mistake. She was on a roller for a few eighths and all of a sudden we got to that point
I'm sorry. Sorry. Hey, you want to win some big cash? I keep thinking about that tape. You got that tape ready for him yet or what?
I'm telling you. Got to add some things, take some other things. Oh, that's right. Be sure and put a few
A couple of in there too. What a jackass. Even Joe Costello just walked in the room. You know that Peter Leonard is the biggest asshole I've ever met in my life.
And we all said, yeah, we do that nobody pull the ball over Joe's eyes and don't quit. Dickin on my scale back here. Will you please?
Yeah, George told me the story. We're back there recalibrating the scale. Dickhead. I finally have a good weight day.
I lost 80 million pounds in one day with that diuretic. I peed my brains out like a race horse and I come in here this morning and thing goes to
Joe and George says, oh, Joe, after I went to your scale.
Smart ass. I always like that Joe Costello until this morning. Till this morning.
Neil Roger show sports radio 560. You a ham.
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
yeah,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
One 30 at 560 W2M markets keeps sliding slide. Not looking too good here. I thought we were going to get this tremendous new prosperity to market all the pharmaceutical companies, all these grave robbers, all the people who want to pollute the environment.
I thought that they were going to be going nuts.
They're not. They're not.
So already we've been let down. We've had.
Here's Margate. Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to make a prediction that after Christmas holidays,
stop and market is going to start going down real good interest rates are going to go up because there's inflation out of you and it's heating up very quickly.
There's inflation out there.
That's right. Who said that? I'm saying that.
You're saying it? You have a shop from full meal? Yeah, sure.
You know, you know, you know, you're like in public, like in the supermarket.
Pardon? Yeah, every day.
Okay, you were aware of the prices. You watched prices? No.
Well, I do. When you make good money, you don't you don't worry about the price on it.
I don't make that good money. I watch the prices and I've just seen them going up tremendously.
No.
And I don't. I got to say this as well as far as the selection is 5.670560,
pound 5.670, I just I was just waiting. I just knew.
I just knew that my thumb would get a good workout there.
And on a call too.
5.670560, they just can't restrain themselves. Can they restrain themselves?
No. No. No. No. They hold it back up and they keep it down.
No. Some people can't get it up. These people can't get it down.
Not interested, sir. Not interested in any of your predictions.
If any of your glumen doom will case the raw cereal will do the,
that's my philosophy. Two things, DNA and do the best you can.
That's my philosophy of life. Do the best you can.
That's all. Instead of getting all bent out of shape and psychotic,
you're on the wrong show for that. Just ain't going to happen.
All the while before the election during afterward and now the,
all the mystery has gone, all the illegal back and forth, it's all done.
Some people are happy about it. Some people are pissed off. Some people don't give a crap.
And now whatever. I keep trying to tell you now is the time to move forward.
Not backward. And sir, we don't want to be as miserable as you are.
We realize that's the senior citizens motto in Florida is we want everybody to be just as miserable
and unhappy as we are. I'm not going to do it.
I'm a happy camper, mister. I am. I'm going to great mood.
I feel better. I lost all that. I peed out all that weight.
I was blown up like a bullfrog and could understand why I felt like I was gagging over here.
And I didn't even have a good time doing it.
Finally discovered that I've been sitting like some kind of a hunch back in this chair for three years.
And I'm dying. My kishkis are like squeezing together.
These are the important things. These are the things that have to do with your real life.
All you roomatics that get swept up in all this media bushmen.
God.
Here's a mobile in your field beach.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Was that an angry stand on the last call?
Yeah. Yeah.
What's the good thing about that?
That was in fact that was Alan's grandpa.
Okay. What do you think of Peter Doig?
I think he's the biggest whiner and sore loser out of this entire.
5607.05.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T and why I love Peter Doig. Great guy.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know how much you love the Florida Highway Patrol.
It's a three-day rescue.
I recently got a ticket back in...
Oh, thanks, too, in holiday.
In a Volusia County of all counties.
And I know you were the ticket clinic or something about you.
To a...
To a defense team.
To a defense team.
Well, I got a ticket, I get in September and I took that one to a court and I had to look at it again.
You know, it was reduced to just a fine and no points.
Yeah.
It was the most speeding ticket.
Is it worth it?
I just had a recent ticket to go find some defense for this one in Volusia County?
Sure. Why not?
You just want to roll over and pay it and get the points and...
Oh, no. But, you know...
I don't know if they do Volusia County or not, but call them.
It's a toll free call.
What's that number, George?
1-800...
7-4-1-Team.
7-4-1-Team, to EAM.
Ticket defense team. They're great.
Okay. Good luck, you sir.
Don't do any slow-down.
What do you say, at a ticket last week, the week before two days ago?
If five minutes ago?
Slow-down a little bit, pal.
Maybe just unlucky.
Yeah, like no green.
Maybe just unlucky.
Or maybe skimming off the top.
Here's coconut grove. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
I'm at the car wash here.
When I'm walking through, I see these two old people.
It must have been about 200 years old.
Oi!
Truly out of this...
This toy teller who apparently looked like OJ Simpson.
Call him a murdering asshole, and I couldn't believe it.
And now, shame on him.
When the guy turns around, it was the white lot of do.
Really?
Oh, man.
Huh?
Just now, I'll let you know, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
Tell me to grow back to mustache.
What?
Nothing. That would do it.
Better grow the mustache back to why people are starting to talk.
Starting to limp around like OJ.
And guess what? Whoever worked at Arco and the Herald.
We may have it in the back of our mind, but we do not forget.
Especially when it comes to...
Oh, man.
OJ.
And you want to know why we don't forget when it comes to OJ?
I killed Nicole.
Yeah, that's one of the reasons.
Then Ron and whatever else you've done.
Plus you just come back.
Hope all you people in Kendall are really proud to have them in your neighborhood.
That's why I moved out.
Yeah, I'm psychic.
I knew many years ago when I moved out of Kendall.
OJ is going to be living here someday, and I want to get out as fast as I can.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey, don.
This is Max.
I'd like to request a little bit that the Crapper car alarm.
And I want to recommend that maybe Phil and Hillary leave one in the presidential limousine
when they leave for some of the new tenants.
Okay.
Leave it.
Leave a good pile.
Okay, the Crapper.
That's not in here.
Is it?
George, look at that.
That's not it.
That's not what it's called.
What is that thing called?
It's on the one that's warned.
The Crapper thing.
No.
Yeah, no.
No, no, no.
He's not what he's talking about.
The thing about leaving a pile of human excrement on the Crap.
And instead of the club, it's called Crap.
I'll find it.
Just relax.
I know exactly where I'll get my thumb on it.
Maligre, we'll wash it off.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T.
Believe me, it's on the ACN.
It's in the library.
It's not in there.
Trust me.
Believe me when I tell you I'm begging you.
Save the energy.
Save the effort.
You might have to start making a bunch of tapes into a clock.
And get a big lecture from the straw boss.
Here's one.
Well, we have so many.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I was listening to a report in the news the other day.
And one of the options for these that do away with these ballots and everything is one of those.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Do you think it would be under the law?
You don't say it would put things under the law.
I think they do.
Do they?
That's pretty stupid if you actually explain Crap.
Pardon?
What did you just say?
The crap.
That we listened to all day.
I don't think that is what it's called.
Now I'm getting nervous.
I can't think of what the hell it's called.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T.
Oh, it's not one of our best jobs.
I'll find it.
Or not, as the case may be.
So sit on the edge of your seat there.
I'm just doing what I'll try and find it for you.
Here's Atlanta.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
Hey, you know, I moved away from there about five years ago.
Good move.
Good move.
Yeah, well, I'm glad to be gone too.
I don't miss the blue hairs.
Listen, can I put a request for the bridge tender?
Okay, sure.
Put a request in for the bridge tender.
And maybe I'll put the bridge up for about ten seconds.
There you go.
That's it.
22B42560WQAM.
Were you fudged back in?
First, there was the club.
The anti-fabivist that launched to the steering wheel of your car.
Then there was the cap.
The anti-fabivist that prevents these from taking your airbag.
Now there's the ultimate in state of the art that protection.
Introducing the crap.
Two and a half pounds of steaming human experiments that clock sneak lead
to the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles.
Properly and so, the crap determines even those determinants.
Hey, nice car.
They left a door unlocked.
Take this car a little bit.
Oh my God, someone took a dump on the front seat.
That is disgusting.
I'm moving on to the next car.
One wave of the crap and feet will move on to one other car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human extramed on the front seat.
We guarantee it.
Over the crap.
We are cars today.
And anyone who tries to steal your car will be in teeth.
Well, you know.
17-till-two at 5-60WQAM.
Ever sit down like on a chair in a restaurant or something and somebody has left for you a piece of chewing gum on the seat?
How do you get chewing gum off of your pants?
I mean, all of it.
Huh?
You don't?
You just burn them.
You just take them in the toss them.
Well, isn't that nice?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Taking the goodwill, Neil.
They're done.
Yeah.
Your pants.
Yes, I know.
What I want to tell you now, you got me off to something else.
Oh, Neil.
Went to an all-boys Catholic high school and you were talking about the hazing.
Uh-huh.
If we, and I played sports all through high school, baseball, football.
And if they would even have tried that stuff with us, we, you know, we were so paranoid already going in all-boys school,
shamanaut at the time, we would have beat the crap out of each other.
So that didn't happen with us.
Mm-hmm.
And I know you're talking about that.
Probably had a hard enough time just running from the priest without worrying about each other.
Exactly.
Right.
And there's no fact in the church.
Right.
And it's funny what you were saying.
I was just thinking I was talking to a couple of friends.
If there's three things we could change, it would be how people get drivers licenses,
how people have kids or how many they have.
And now, and now the voting, how people vote.
And that would be the three things we could change.
For sterilization, I think, is the great first step.
That's part of my platform.
Forced sterilization starting this weekend.
And how people get drivers license will be number two.
Okay.
People can't drive down here.
Have a good weekend, Neil.
You too.
Like, bye-bye.
Did he say you too?
Oh, I can't stand him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How does those backseat boy tickets coming?
Let's give those away in a year.
Huh?
We don't even have him yet.
Nice going everybody, Graber.
Old ponytail.
See, some people with ponytail, I mean, they're, you know, good people that come through force.
Other people with ponytail, they just talk in good game.
You were Jeff Cohen said about what he grab the other day.
I didn't say shit when he was here.
I can't even repeat it on the ear.
Here's the mobile and cooking a creek. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
They can all go to hell.
We got a stick and shake, baby.
Yes, sir. Then they're kicking ass over there too.
I'm sorry?
I said they're kicking ass over there.
Damn right, man.
They have been packed every day.
Every time I drive by, they're packing it in there.
It's great.
It's great.
It's all I got, man.
Okay.
That's it.
Just dropping a little good news.
Thanks.
Yeah, see, there's a guy who's in a good mood.
He's happy.
He got a stake and shake out there.
They're going to have one down there and sell.
They'd pretty soon that they're working on.
What the hell more could you want?
Look on the bright side.
I tried to take it to that yesterday.
We already knew yesterday he was conceding last night.
I would have thought that by today.
Maybe we would have a little bit of a change of altitude here.
Do we have a change?
No.
Same whiny people.
No.
No.
Man.
It's enough to make a grown man want to puke his guts.
Yeah.
Was that one, was that one teacher Leonard came in this morning?
Yeah, that's what it started that lump in my throat.
Wanted to puke my guts.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Long time, listen to the first time call.
Great.
Listen, but I worked with the City of Miami Police Department on the VIP deals.
You know what the VIP is?
No.
That's when they impound your vehicle for taking a prostitute and stuff like that.
Oh.
Well, it's not the D-quiz.
It's either males or females.
It depending on how they feel like doing it.
And it's the biggest scam that the City of Miami has going.
What they do, they take your car.
They first interact because the girls basically, you know, they make it.
So you even stop.
Once you even stop, they're making it even turn around and look.
They stop.
You pull you over.
And technically, they arrest you.
They drive you over.
In your own car, they drive you over to the mini station.
Well, wait a minute.
In other words, if you just stop, they pull you over.
Yes, sir.
Anything if you stop, if you even look, or if you hit the brake lights,
they're anything that'll take you down.
That's nice.
Then, put you in the car, the handcuffs, you put you in the passenger seat.
Drive you over to the mini station, where the tow truck will be waiting for you to take your car.
Oh, wait a minute.
0650.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry, sir.
Go ahead.
No, that's OK.
Then after they take your car and the tow truck hooked it up, they take the handcuffs off you.
They take you $1,000 to get your car, and then they let you go.
It's nothing about being arrested or taking you downtown.
It's just a big scam.
Yeah.
Is there anybody who really believes that we'll ever hear one more word about that scandal with the minor girls down here in Kendall and Highlya?
Does anybody really believe that that story hasn't been covered up in Buried?
And that we'll never hear a word about it?
Oh, of course, me.
Of course.
Really, I've seen pastors.
I've seen city officials, US customs officer, everybody get arrested, but they walk.
There you go.
You know, it's just a scam.
That's all I'm saying.
Thank God we don't live in a police day, right?
OK, Neil.
Thank God we're in America.
5, 670560.
Yeah, you get carried away when you talk about that police day, Neil, even though you are right.
Very, very embarrassing.
It's your ox, 650.
And I said to my church when I got to four bucks, should we like a quadruple down here?
I can't go out of business even though they're looking for protection from bankruptcy.
Just like national airline.
And then, oh, no, that could be better.
We'd better be building, he's reading, and he's reading.
If I were to bought another thousand shares at 450, we're talking about 25 hundred bucks back right now.
No.
Did we do it?
No.
I'm never listening to that man again.
In fact, I'm going to find out what he's out of the office just like the other day when I bought some stock.
I call and his girl was there.
I said I want to buy 500 shares or whatever hell it was.
Okay, fine.
She called me back in two minutes.
Pulled me to the appartus we bought it at, and that's it.
And by the way, make your dish TV, which you can tell me is going to be a $200 stock you should only live so long, 25 bucks,
and falling like a goddamn brick from the top of the World Trade Center.
Dish TV, my ass.
Here's a mobile and point and beat.
Hello?
Speaking of how you got it.
Great.
I got a great tip for you and anybody else out there that gets a speeding ticket that wants to beat the points.
If you pay the fine, let's say it's $100 fine, you pay $100, $3.00, that means you pay it over.
They send you refund check, you never cash the refund check, and never get to fly to your license.
It doesn't go into the data bank.
Really?
A lot of people don't know about it.
What a bargain.
Yep, that's all you got to do.
Okay, we get points and never cash the refund check.
Thanks for the good news.
How are you doing a great job?
Well, it's big enough speeding tickets.
This is a great story to show that not all cops are a bunch of pricks out there, especially the ones who listen to this show.
They're the good guys.
Mark Eisenberg, I'm going to show you a mention of his name on the air.
Uh-huh.
Why the hell not?
I don't know if I can't remember.
Were you listening when he came in the other day and thanked me because he got pulled over for a speeding.
I don't know if it was FHP or who was.
But he got pulled over for a speeding and they had the radio on.
And the cop heard it with this show.
And he said, was that any other listen to him?
He said, yeah, great show.
He said, just slow down, have a nice day.
And that was the second one.
Who is the other one?
A couple of weeks ago, same story.
Same exact story, somebody else in the building.
Somebody made me that we like.
How do you like that?
So it pays to be listening to this show and turn the radio off real loud when the cop pulls you over.
And he wanted two things that was going to happen.
Either he'll let you off the hook or it's been nice knowing you.
Yeah.
One or the other.
This is 560 QAF.
The Neil Rogers show.
Sports radio.
560 QAF.
Dale, people are ice-holes.
Oh, boy, gee.
I like it very much.
This area is the team.
I don't know how I've been around for a while.
I don't want y'all to know what up here in Rockerville, heaven.
Although I think it'll be just Christmas.
And I have to give y'all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, uh, how about a little Christmas that's I going by?
Thank you.
I got one.
Rockerville, fam.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
Time of eleven.
And I share with a little takes lots of that feature you got there.
I can.
Oh, one more.
No more, one more.
Holy yeah, Christmas.
Christmas to me means family.
And family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
I'll pass you that film and say, what's the place?
Well, like it.
I'm going.
Not just more of a play to you right now.
You know, I may be a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Well, he.
And how was evenly good at.
That's a really important.
And I.
Of her Ryan.
You know.
On battle?
You know, yeah.
Trump.
Had a call, but.
You know what I mean?
insights?
I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family and you know God made men
into his own image.
And look at the mirror, I'd have to say God must be a big, big sinner again.
And you know what I mean?
I like you dear.
But I especially want you all to remember this one last thing.
You know all that whomever is Christmas, stinging that popcorn up on the tree, save a big,
big bowl for the king.
Extra butter, then what I mean?
I like you dear.
I like you.
I like you.
154-560 W.D.C.
How's that pool coming day?
The pool should now go to the Democratic candidate for president in 2004.
Yes, 94.
No 170.
Probably the essence of two thirds of Republicans if not all of them.
Yes, 94.
No 170.
I don't care.
I'm a Kibber crap.
76.
Here's the mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Yeah, we get to have a non-political poll tomorrow, correct?
Yes, sir.
That'll be great.
I mean, if you think about it a year ago, to get this job or a call, we were talking about
the year one, you know, and whether it was the real end of the millennium and all that.
Right.
And that brought off that was cool entertaining.
It was tough.
Hey, we'll spend the whole day on that tomorrow and argue with these idiots again.
We have the false millennium or the real millennium.
It's funny how you look at it coming up here in about 20 days so maybe we can work
up a frenzy about that.
Don't bust their bubble again, man.
They'll get all whipped up to a frenzy now.
Well, hey, man, you're selling good these days.
OK, thanks.
See you.
I'm sounding good these days, huh?
Yeah, I sound fine.
Sounds just like me.
Last time I checked.
Not feeling that great.
Got these small, like water.
Some all that build up in that intestinal, like, grud and mong and IBS and CBS.
You wonder if IBS is related to the CBS.
I.
Here's a lady in Western.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I have, I think, an answer to your chewing gum in the pants problem.
OK, not in the pants, on the pants.
You actually got in the pants, you got a real sticky problem.
There's two products you combine.
You can get them at Kmart Walmart, even Publix, I think.
The first one is called Goof Gone.
Goof Gone.
Mm-hmm.
And the other one's called Goof Off.
Goof Off?
Yeah.
And it's great stuff.
It'll take out gum.
It takes out permanent marker even.
It's grease.
It's great.
OK.
But it should do it for you.
It came out.
Came out, Walmart, and yeah, I think Publix even hands it in the household.
I'm on my way.
OK.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
What'd you say, Goof Off?
Huh.
That's always gum, but maybe it's not.
5'670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I've been listening to you since K-18.
It's a little bit more.
I'm going to take it out.
Sure.
Uh, what I wanted, I was calling about the gum issue.
Uh, I use knife cubes.
It'll grease it up.
It doesn't work.
George says it doesn't work.
George says it doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
Well, that's what he says.
I don't know.
Oh, I use it.
It does work.
OK.
Well, that's about it.
OK, so have a good day.
And back to you.
Have a nice life.
And don't eat too much of that garlic.
Here's a lady mobile in Parkland.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
I hate to be in mooch, but I heard you say something about backseat boy tickets.
And last time I called you, my husband had won those tickets for the Panther game in the
Movebley seats.
I just wonder.
No, I mean, last time you called, what?
My husband had won the tickets from the station and they were all the way up in the
middle of the seat for the...
Yeah.
Can you believe this?
There is a God.
I'm sitting here.
No, you're witness.
My hand is nowhere near the button and her mobile just got disconnected.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Hey.
