The Neil Roger Show on 560 QAM,
a full-time Neil called 567,
a 560, toll-free and Dave and Railhorn,
a full-time 60 on Airsoft.
Their opinions of Neil dis-Eston colors
and not necessarily represent those of the
easily-grunt-just for its staff.
Advertises your agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 QAM.
What's his obsession with hoax?
No.
From Washington, the McLaughlin group,
featuring Eleanor Cliffs, Jack Jamon,
and sitting in for Pat Buchanan,
New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Now, here's John McLaughlin.
If you want George Dovia,
rings or vaults, Eleanor Cliffs.
Well done, I'd have to say.
From Jack Jamon.
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong. Tiki Barber.
I'm going to have to say the wrong.
Actual answer.
Floor exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue.
Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bringing the noise, bringing the funs off-cats.
Eleanor, do you think you're swollen off?
Well, John, I'd have to say.
Wrong.
Jackie, Jackie, think you're gone.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I'm going to have to say right.
Not a choice.
Re-e-tiki Barber.
You gave it as a last time I wasn't a choice.
Wrong.
Correct response.
Cats.
Tee-lobs them.
Next issue.
The cast of big brother should be murdered.
How?
How long?
You're in two.
Wrong.
Jackie Barber.
Dynamite.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I don't think they should be Tee-lobs.
Actual answer.
Poison pudding.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, that's the best.
10.0.2.5.60.
I'm telling you, Q.A.M.
Oh.
See, I like a fashion for the sense of humor, at least.
You know?
Our third and final poll yesterday was a zip poll.
And it was tight.
I mean, it was nip and tux, so to speak.
We did leave Randy Johnson.
They got a call yesterday and said we
ought to have the tall ugly picture of the Arizona diamond
backs who were faded and obscuredy, Randy Johnson.
He used ugly and grotesque, but with all that long
here, who'd reconceited the zip, left him out.
It was tight.
Manuel Molliega.
197.
Winds the battle so far.
We had 469 votes on this one.
And guess what second, Joy?
James.
I.
I.
Another skin hit, Baldi.
197.
From Noriega.
186 for Wayne.
Edward James almost.
I would say he almost got second place,
but it wasn't even close to only at 59.
David Johnson, only 11.
Brian Adams had, how many of Brian Adams have?
Be I and James Woods had only seven.
That's his end on who James Woods is, evidently.
Huh?
You don't know if I'm citizen cone and once upon a time
in America.
This audience is no, those are movies.
Here's Bill sends me a fact this morning.
It says, please put the name of the book about Bush on your
website.
The other book which I haven't got yet.
I'm going to the one that's at tonight.
It's called Shrub by.
By the right.
Down.
Oh, here it is.
I work done.
Molly Ivan.
Shrub rhymes with Shrub.
It says I can barely hear your show.
I'm a.m. Radio in an office building couldn't get the name of the book.
And not only is it on the website, is it on there now?
It will be.
No, but we'll be soon.
Yeah.
But the cover of the book will be on there.
And I'm going to do today a little bit later in a few minutes.
I'm going to select a page or a couple of pages from the book and read it on
here every day between now and the election.
It's our children learning the case against George W. Bush by Paul Begala.
And I now see that why the yesterday, you noticed we started getting it.
In fact, it was last week, totally in the week.
And yesterday we had more of a frantic hysteria by the right wingers, including the Boy Scouts
guy and some of these other real ultra right wing assholes.
We're starting to get panicky because in spite of all CNN's propaganda about these polls
about, well, who's more likable?
See, I understand that Ted Turner must be, he must be sure to cash or something like that
on the top of the tower with the last 40 billion.
So maybe some of the earth CNN is getting greased or something because it's so obvious
how they're scared between their Gallup pool and this garbage they keep peddling about,
wow, who's more likable like this and they keep analizing it and repeating it over and
over again.
And it was Bush 62 and Goer 31, everybody likes Bush.
First of all, I can't understand that.
I don't understand that at all.
Unless the majority of American people are just as dumb.
I heard Hank talking about this yesterday and we mentioned it also the fact that when
you look at those focus groups, you look at those pathetic, tragic, moronic people they
have on there and then you realize, yeah, that's what's out there.
Remember, remember, remember like that.
Of course, if you've heard this show before, yeah, that's right.
That's what we talk to every day.
For hours of day, you know, in your spurs with those idiots, there's a few rational people
with some good comments, but every day I talk to the idiots before.
Remember, remember like that.
So this business is about likable and smi-scable, but the fact is the CBS News Pool as of
today, as of this moment, grow 43%, Bush 42% and the electoral college, which of course
is the only total accounts.
Gore is reading states with 288 electoral votes, Bush 205 and the rest on the side are too
close to call.
Now I'm going to tell you, this is so razor close, this election.
I mean, as Titus can be speaking of tight, here's a great fact from Chuckie from Ilya.
It says the other day, we're commenting about how football is a gay sport.
It seemed to have pushed the wrong buttons with some of your sports neurodilistners.
Well, here's evidence that it is.
Yesterday, ESPN gave a segment to the etiquette of the butt slap in football.
They talked for about 10 minutes about it, but I'd like to point out two instances of
the butt slap that they showed.
One, Steve Young and Steve Murryuchi, shake hands after the young comes to the sideline,
after they shake, Young begins to slowly walk away.
Murryuchi then stays at Young's butt and slaps it with little smile.
How do you like that?
Two, butch bill cow is talking with Kurt Elsturik.
He's not interested in that Steve Young and Kurt Elsturik, after two quarterbacks involved
in these instances.
Kurt Elsturik, though cow is talking with Kurt Elsturik, Stuart walks away and cower packs
him in the butt.
Back to him, after the slap, he stares for like five to ten seconds at Kurt Elsturik's
butt almost as if he liked what he felt.
The thing is that football players don't see Neuranda said, why?
Because they're already used to it from Poppeln or League's High School even college football.
Maybe you wonder what happens when the team holds the closed door meeting as in...
Chucky goes down to say, what would happen if somebody tried to pack Kudjo or Ty Domey
in the butt?
I bet they get their sticks shoved so far up that person's ass they'd be able to pick
their nose with the crew or the brave.
Nice go to Chucky for my ali-
At the point.
Kudjo and Ty Domey, who's that?
Oh, I'm sorry.
How do you like that old fight that called yesterday?
The first call of the day, after I was writing and raving about the debate, the first
call of 400-year-old guy.
Toronto Maple Leafs, they're the best.
And I says, can you name me one player out of the head?
No, but they're the best.
How's the Harry Lumbery doing?
Oh, God, I love those old...
No.
...crusty, 900-year-old people.
Marine Dowd, well I got so much cramped today, I'm just loaded with cramp.
But should we take your call first?
Here's a mobile in Miami-B, chill out.
Hi, Near, I think we should hold a presidential candidates to a higher standard to make them
take a simple college entrance exam.
Yeah, well I know one of them that would...
...flunk easy.
You should try and set a movement to force them to do that.
Okay, I'm going to have a movement.
I already did.
Yeah, that armless.
Thanks a lot, tough stuff, always shares his armles with me.
He doesn't realize this, but people leave the bagels.
What's the name of that joint?
Bigel high.
Bigel high.
Yeah, see here you think that you're trying to...
He's deflecting the anti-semitic business, you know, I think.
In fact, even when I came in this morning, he said, Christian Antelhas just to show how
Jewish he's becoming.
Anyway, it's tonight, I'm going to say after 10 to 5.
60 WTQAM, got lots and lots of stuff today, including that story about what you'll lead
to my poll today, which I'm sure will have a bitter disagreement about.
Those of you nerds out there and me, but that's okay, because as usual, I'm right in
you wrong.
This must have happened when I was away.
Oh, yeah, it didn't.
In fact, it was three days before I came back.
I've seen this.
August 29th, it happened.
This Italian kid who was here for the exchange program, tourist shot in a lot of day
of begins during the back home, paralyzed in a wheelchair, back in Italy.
Nice go on top, Florida.
He's done nothing with me yet.
I'm going to tell you right now, that's one thing that Gour really fell down on.
He could have given a much stronger answer, but he's peeing in his pants.
He doesn't want to get the nut gun, that's all crazy.
He doesn't want to offend the NRA too much.
So we gave him a real wishy-washy interview tonight.
This country is sick with guns and people with guns.
And you're right, guns don't kill people.
Crazy people with guns.
You're responsible people with guns.
People who live more on to their kids with guns, they kill people.
Right, right on, F&A.
No question this photo made a lucidist without the express written submission of W2RNB
from Black House Group Incorporated.
Yeah, get better.
We want to go now to your closing statements, Governor Bush's first.
Thank you, Jim.
What I care about is failure.
And you know what?
It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership.
Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors.
Can I comment on that?
I would sign a law banning that procedure.
If I'm entrusted with the presidency, here are the choices that I will make.
I'll cut healthcare, prescription drugs, education and national defense, put our budget
into deficit, raise interest rates.
I want to put up property.
I can't let the man continue to hide the lead that Governor Bush is a national asset.
Correct, but that's his totally false.
Wait a minute, he's just totally false.
I'm going to stand up here and say that I can't let Governor Bush to be president
and grow.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you so much.
1015-560WUIM.
Here's a website that you might be interested in.
For all you citrus canker people that are outraged, I know that this is building to a crescendo
now to a major crisis in this community as people are starting to scream and holler and
carry on.
Florida citrus outrage, all one word.
www.floortacitrus outrage.com.
Now what's on there, I don't know, but it was put together by some people who are just
as outraged as many of you are, and other people pissed off and fired up.
And the owner of that dog, whose picture is in the paper, they're not the owner, but
the dog.
More, read about that story.
It just makes me want to bark, makes me want to puke.
And it's part of the fact that we have here in the state.
Thanks to Governor Jeb Bush.
And let me tell you again, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
This is the mentality of these people.
The storm troopers come in there, knock it on your door, and if you don't do whatever
they tell you, they're going to call the police, they're going to have the police arrest
you as, which is happened to happen yesterday.
Because the guy get all bet out of shape and pull the shotgun and see it off by property
and they call the police arrested.
He's asking the rest of the two from what I hear.
How do you like that?
The storm troopers, the citrus storm troopers in this goddamn police state.
And how does that prostitution rank coming by the way?
Anybody hear anything more about that?
No.
I didn't think so.
Channel 4 and 6 and 7 and 10 and the frickin' money held in the Sunsendale.
Will your great investigative reporters out there?
Just pathetic.
Somebody must be paying all you people off to to a turn the other cheek.
Bractor, that too.
Must be a lot of pay off school on this town because nobody could be that stupid.
Nobody could have Alzheimer's that bad that everybody in town just collectively forgot
about that story all at the same time.
So we can't do anything about arresting cops that are running prostitution rings and
bust their own thing and put them on the front page of the paper.
But when it comes to knocking people's doors down and killing their dogs and cats and
making a police officer sick to their stomach and putting them in the hospital no less,
she was in the hospital overnight.
She was so sick.
Oh, no.
We didn't have no, and the interesting part of it is for a bunch of guys who didn't have
no chemicals or nothing, it's real interesting that the crew called ass, what's he called
a police and took off with all this stuff before the police showed up.
Yeah.
They hold ass and hold away whatever chemicals they had.
And it's going to be real interesting in the next few days or a couple of weeks because
it takes too long because the laboratories are backed up for weeks.
But when those tests come in from the dog and the cat and the other people that were inhaling
in the sprayed by it and we find out what dangerous chemical that it wasn't ammonia and it
wasn't silk sards or whatever else the claim it was, then you're going to see the first
one.
Then you're going to see some serious big fat smelly lawsuits.
You think it's going to have to wind up paying for those lawsuits?
You folks are going to have to pay.
That's right.
Pass payers of this state.
But I just mentioned that in passing.
www.thlorocetristoutrage.org.
FloridaCetristOutrage.com.
Here's our poll for today.
Before we get to the poor Marine Dowd in New York Times, right?
And she wants to call us to call mostly about Gore.
And about the fact that Gore is running away from Clinton and Mooney, who mentioned his
name at Sediment Zone, however, there's a really interesting paragraph in here.
Am I reading this selectively?
You bet.
She says, as W. Bitt, the inside of his lip and look const vacant and played out, you just
had an image of a handful of sawdust as he sniffled, snorted and sifted through his brain,
trying to remember if the situation calls for, I trust people not government or leave
no child behind or the partisan vickering has to stop or governors leave.
That's what we do.
If that doesn't sum it up perfect, if she doesn't have a thumb right on it, I don't know
who does.
Right on it.
All those little trite cliches.
For every question, doesn't it, you know, and like she said, he's trying to figure out
which one do I come up with now?
Where do I stick it in a cliché, too?
Wayne Kaelish, one of our regular listeners, last year of Faxus says, I went to my local
borders yesterday evening to purchase Paul Begallos' book.
They had put in the last copy aside for somebody else.
I searched the web and found it at e-campus.com for $8.40.
How do you like that?
You can buy this book for a little more than eight books.
And free shipping.
Just thought you might want to let your listeners know.
Go panties, question mark.
Go who?
Come on.
I did the right thing last night.
I figured it would be better than the left than I made the right choice.
So anyway, e-campus.com, if you get the book as a regular part of this is 12 bucks plus
tax, of course.
$8.40 from e-campus.com is our trial learning by George W. I'm by Paul Begallos, about George
W. Boy.
Here's our poor question today.
The United States is one of these, well, the United States is, and I got three choices
for it here.
One of the safest, most civilized countries in the world.
Second choice.
No better or worse than most countries for violence.
Third choice.
A slaughterhouse filled with gunnuffins, comebacks.
Now, what are you smoking about again?
Every time I give the poor choices, you smoke like a, like a smoking, you were smoking.
You were smoking, yeah, a little bit.
Which reminds me of speaking of shmurcling.
Show our old friend at IOD.
Remember when she said her daughter to Israel?
See, this is the thing.
It's a bad idea to send your kids to Israel.
I'm going to tell you why.
It was either on one of those student exchange programs or one of those deals.
There'll be a professional doing it as you were programmed.
Spent time out of the suburbs.
Yeah, she was on a kid's budget.
So, I was so wonderful, they were clueless.
Oh!
She came back and right away she became fanatical and she made sure kosher, the house, and
the reading kosher.
And they had a 45 different set of dishes.
Remember how long that lasted?
About five minutes.
How many days did that last?
They are.
Yeah, the most.
Nine.
You put a giant foot cheeseburger.
Yeah, right.
Tell her I went to Wendy's.
Sure, more of the same, if you want your kids to do fanatical religious notes, that's
a great place to send them.
Israel.
I just mentioned, are we wanting to hear talk about Israel today and the Arabs, if I
listen to Arabs?
No.
No.
Lakeland Georgia is on again next time.
He's bringing in Arthur Erif, his grandson.
He's also got a schmata in his belly.
Anyway, let me get the reason I'm asking that poor question today.
As I was away, it was a couple days before I had my famous fall in the Red Light District
of Amsterdam and broke my two ribs in my hand.
August 29.
The only reason that I've seen the stories, because yesterday they showed this kid in the wheelchair
and when they mentioned he's going back to Italy right away, my ears really perked up
because having been in Italy so many times and realizing how safe it is to be in Italy,
whether it's in Bologna or Faridin, or Roma, or Milano, which are the cities that I've
been in there.
People really, and I do mean really, get murdered in Italy.
In fact, really get murdered in Western Europe.
Really get shot.
Really, really, really, except for London, which of course is not on the mainland, and
that is the result.
Let them lose their souls.
They're going crazy than bedbugs over there.
Tourist shot in Lauderdale begins journey back home.
Fort Lauderdale, whose arms traveled as they pushed himself a few inches out of his wheelchair
in this space unshaved and be spectacle, strained with exertion at movement that before August
29 was so simple.
And Andreas Stella is beginning to accept that he likely will never again play soccer or
ski in his native Italy.
I don't realize it yet.
He said, glancing at his legs still, still uncovered with a white sheet.
There are sometimes a depression and anger, he said, and sometimes you're happy because
you have your family or girlfriend, your friends.
It's been a tough adjustment.
Carefully, recent law school graduate on vacation to paraplegically cooperating from
gunshot wounds in a hospital thousands of miles from the town of Pia where he was born
and raised.
I want to be at the noon of Genners' journey back home.
On Tuesday, his only interview since the shooting still declined to discuss what happened
after he pulled up to his friend's apartment around 11.20 p.m., police said he was likely
shot by one of three men who followed him in his black most inculverable hoping to rob him.
Minutes after he was shot in the stomach and back, firefighters rushed into brow general
medical center in critical condition over the next few weeks to Stella Cungolai thought
his repaired his liver and other organs, but they couldn't fix to them as to his spinal
column.
After the shooting, a week after the shooting, police arrested two men in the 15-year-old
and charged him with a robbery of a sandwich shop on Symmah's Boulevard about eight minutes
before the Stella shooting.
Detectives theorized the three followed Stella after seeing him drive by the racey black
convertible and shot him shortly after he arrived at this friend's apartment complex,
but police haven't gathered enough evidence to follow additional charges against the three
yet.
He's a veteran traveler who is to Africa and Europe.
He knew to keep a low profile and they treated him with an inexpensive clothing to take
off his watch when traveling alone, etc. and so on.
But he made the bad mistake of coming here, not only to this country, but to this slaughterhouse
in the South Florida.
And even in what people would think, the Isle of Venice would be a safe part of town,
guess what?
Was it a safe part of town?
No.
And if it does clear now that it was the three scumbags who were in, did the number
at the subway shop on the Symmah's Boulevard if it is them because they've been showing
the surveillance video on television, which they have of those three scumbags that robbed
the subway sandwich shop, Schwarches.
Yeah.
Scumbags Schwarches.
See, I'm going to say it again.
And maybe you don't like it.
I really don't kill it.
You like it or not.
But the amount of violent crime, the lack of regard for human life among the dark,
and I'm not saying all, I'm not generalizing, but way too many.
It's unacceptable.
It's unfreeking acceptable.
How many times are you seeing this?
You think they're only selectively showing us surveillance tapes when the people in the
scumbags that are committing these crimes happen to be black?
You think they're just selectively all the right crime.
Yeah, that's right.
It's another crime crime.
All the white people are committing these crimes.
They conveniently lose it.
Or maybe just their tape wasn't running good that night.
Camera wasn't working.
I don't buy it.
Too much of this scumbag crime has been committed by Dark folks.
So instead of hearing all this whining going on, and all this beroony about the million
family marcher, the million man marcher, all this other crap, just like that poorly took
a couple of days ago.
Lack of responsibility.
Good in education, good in brain, be responsible, good a set of values, and start acting like
human beings.
That's my suggestion to that segment of the dark community in this country who will
make it a slaughterhouse.
And I'm afraid that they're the only dangerous ones.
This country truly is.
After having trouble as much as I have, this country is really barbaric.
And the fact that the NRA is the third highest contributor to the Bush campaign, that should
tell you a lot of what you need to know.
The sign from the fact that Philip Morrison with the back of people is a number one contributor
and number four is the pharmaceutical companies to help make sure.
And he even came out and said the other night.
He doesn't want lower prices.
He's not for generic drugs.
He wants everybody, not just old people, to have to pay through the nose.
And that's why the pharmaceutical companies are jones that get them in there.
They do almost anything you can do to dance in there.
So all this crap about who's the most likeable and who smiles the most and who's got the best
personality.
What the hell are we talking about?
We're talking about your life for Christ's sake and we're worried about who's the most
likeable?
You know, if he was like Reagan, which you know Reagan was amiable, he was an actor, he
was, you know, he had that, even though he looked old and confused all the time.
But he was likeable.
And kind of a goofy kind of like.
There's nothing likeable about this guy.
I mean, the fact that his opponent is a cigar store Indian, that kind of personality.
Yeah, I guess if you have to make the comparison, what kind of an issue is that?
CNN.
What kind of a goddamn poll is that, Bill Schneider?
You idiot.
You see, when you want to drag, I mean, the people, you know, they're like, you know,
people are geniuses like I said before in the first place.
But when you want to drag everything down to the lowest possible commons in an ominator,
when you want to make banality with the, what it's all about, then that's, that's your
media here.
That's what they do best.
26 after 10 to 5, 60 WQ.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
3, 2, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4,
1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4,
1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1,
4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4,
1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1
P. U. Gobe Rianco, who was chairman of the Public Health Committee at the time, and Kim Ross lobbyist for the Texas Medical Association, both fought him on it. In 1995 as first-year as governor, the Texas Legislature passed the Patients Bill of Rights, and George W. Bush vetoed it. In 1997, the Legislature passed very much the same Patients Bill of Rights, just time by a veto-proof majority, and Bush refused to sign the crucial segment of the bill the very one he bragged about that in Texas he can sue the HMO for denying the coverage. He refused to sign it because he hates trial horrors and didn't want them to be able to sue HMOs. That's what the
the whole fight was about for two sessions.
The first new desire of the credit that Bursa
would gregiously took for bringing R's and D
together in support of the strong will is
the Republican State Senate and David Sibli
of Lakeville.
Bursha was an impediment throughout the entire process.
No one expects Bursha to know the difference
between Chairman Midden and Verazovky
or even Greg Verahowski, but the one subject
that he supports to know about is the state of Texas.
In the course of these debates, he has claimed
that the governor of Texas appoints State Supreme Court
justices, which is a hopeless howler.
He drove with great relish on the claim
that all three killers, the most notorious murder case
of our time got to that penalty, only two of them did.
And Bursha in fact did nothing to stop a hate crime,
bill, which was the legislature's effort
to bring something good out of the case from stalling.
And now he claims that he passed the patient's
bill of rights, which in fact was passed in spite of it.
If Al Gore had twisted the truth as grossly as
Bursha did on the patient's bill of rights,
every Republican in America would be screaming,
liar, liar, liar.
It's harder to tell if Bursha actually believes
has repeated a claim that he's a leader who brings
Republicans and Democrats together that he possibly
think he rather than since the cease-luthenic governor
Bob Bullock was running the state.
I'm not sure which would be troubling if he knows
it's not true or actually thinks it is.
I've tried repeatedly to explain to non-Texas
just how weak an office the governorship of Texas is,
but even if Bursha suffers from the illusion that he has
a powerful job, he must know he doesn't work it
by anyone's measure.
The New York Times had just discovered with an era of great
wonder that Bursha doesn't even work nine to five,
and then he knocks off work every day for a couple of hours
to jog and play video games.
This is your future president of the United States
who's not only a compulsive liar about things of substance,
issues of substance, but also doesn't do a goddamn thing.
Excellent.
Here's for Lauderdale, huh?
Hey, good morning, now.
Yes, sir.
I've just the first part of your thing on the citrus canker.
Yeah.
This situation, I'm really worried about and feel about it.
I chased the bastards off my street because they weren't
supposed to be here.
But it's worse than the papers reported.
They've put down avocado trees, and I don't know if you know
that they appear to be here to fill the horse also.
Great. Well, we're trying to get one of each of the animals
with like Noah and the Ark, I guess.
Yeah, I mean, that's the first thing I want to discuss with you
about, and they also are getting a $1 million bonus
for if they can finish by the end of October.
What was that grade?
Well, let me ask you, where's that money going to come from?
Yeah, it's a UNI.
They're getting this big bonus thing cutting down more trees,
and they get $100 per tree they cut down.
And this thing in court, if they stopped them,
they don't get that million, and we'll have to pay the millions
in the lawsuits that they're going to wind up for judgments against.
Well, not only that, it gets even worse.
The local nurseries were not allowed to get on the cut.
We were never offered those, you certificate to replace the trees.
All went to Walmart.
There you go.
So.
I was my case.
Yeah.
The second thing is, one of our political parties just died.
Gus Hall.
Yeah.
And two of these obituaries.
Gus Hall?
Yeah.
Communist Party?
Right.
Yeah.
Well, he did.
Okay, well that's good news.
Thank you.
He probably knows Ann Richards, that famous communist former governor of Texas,
that we had that day call originally from the walk yesterday.
That's on the end of all right, Wingworth.
This was the Fat Esselenbow show.
Wrong Fat Es.
22 to 11 at 560 WQM.
But Neil Roger show.
New Sports Radio.
560.
QA.
I've got to keep your chat straight, man.
Oh, right.
Everybody's taking a friend to now.
No more baby, take a little portion.
Get this little thing inside of you making you ill now.
No more baby, take a little portion.
No, I don't give it to you.
We did it to you.
You just want one of these, if the victim will.
To come out, come out.
Hey, if you feel a budget, I need it.
And 43 to 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday, too.
I just want to read a couple of more things from Molly Ivans column that I read.
The first part before about George W.
She's a comment I should point out from start color,
Graham newspaper in Austin, Texas.
She says I've brought that, uh, since he first ran, uh, let me say it again.
That since he first ran George W. Bush was too like to be governor of Texas.
Frankly, I can't imagine anyone would consider him for president.
He's not smart.
He doesn't know much.
He doesn't work hard.
The truth is he's not terribly interested in government or how it works.
Then to find out why he's running.
He's a nice fellow.
I've always liked him.
I like lots of people that I don't think should be present.
And I read that just now and I thought to myself,
that's the same thing Paul Begallis says in his book.
He was also from Texas and knows him well,
and likes him personally.
And maybe that's why these stupid polls I'm seeing in about who's more likable.
Yeah.
He's a likable guy.
There's a lot of people I know and like.
That doesn't mean they ought to be president.
I'm a likable guy.
Yeah, George is a likable guy.
Should he be president?
No.
Of course more than him.
He's not, he's a guy named illegal alien.
Well, after that show on the Middle East, I think George for president.
Yeah.
It's a tough problem.
Of the Palestinian state.
See, then let me finish.
And you notice that they're nobody interested in that kid from Italy.
See, like when they had grouped the dead German tourists came out.
This is America for it.
It's all a big joke.
People from the rest of the world come here in this slaughterhouse.
People who can generally speak and be safe wherever they are.
And they come here and got, she gets shot and killed by gun-crazy nuts.
It was possible lunatics run around with guns like a wild west.
And then, so we make a joke out of it.
Oh, yes, the dead German tourists.
Pretty funny, huh?
Pretty funny.
And you wonder why in the rest of the world they look at us like a slaughterhouse, like a bunch of barbarians,
which is the way I voted on our full, of course, which is leading at the moment 24.
Although in second place, 22, one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world.
That's obviously from people who have never left the Barbaran County.
Never even been to date.
Because even if you've ever been in the dead county, would you ever say that?
No.
And nobody knows that most other countries violence 12.
That's where our poll is running so far.
So when is, in fact, he's back there now, because he left yesterday on Alotanya, back in Italy.
So it's part of the fact that the family was very humble and they thanked the Broward General Hospital
and all the people that helped him with his health and so on.
That's not primarily what they're going to be talking about back there in Italy.
You think so?
No.
I doubt it.
They're going to be counted.
All their friends and everybody they know do not go to the US.
It's a gun-crazy place where people get shot.
Just while they're doing their normal course of life, mind of their own business, they get shot.
And he's refilled or the next best thing to it.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
Going once.
Long gone.
Okay, let me mention, look for the FUNM van from now from 11 o'clock to 1.
At the hooters on the corner of Pines and University in Prembro Pines, you can get your best-of-the-eal CDs and cassettes.
Those nifty...
Pee-chains and the Pee-chains too, which is the best ever.
That's hooters on the corner of Pines and University in Pembro Pines from 11 and just a few minutes to 1 o'clock.
Here's a calling bokeh.
Stayed up and watch that pamphlet game list.
I'm so sorry.
It's terrible.
Okay, now.
You know, a couple of facts to leave an elbow.
Jewish bush cup re-elected with 70% of the vote in Texas.
So they served a job he did in his first four years.
Yeah, we like this guy.
Yeah, I must be of you.
And the leading Democrat...
The leading Democrat politician in the field of testing, you called yesterday and said the same thing.
No, I didn't.
The leading.
The leading.
The leading.
You called yesterday and said, you want to put it on the table so he can play it every day?
I did call, but I didn't talk about this.
You are a good man.
You did.
Can I ask you a question?
I remember the voice, and I just need...
See, I love this one.
I nail somebody who wants to call and say the same thing and make the same speech every day.
And then they pretend like they're not...
They can't hear what I'm saying.
Bush is going to win this state of Tennessee.
How do you know that?
He's neck and neck with gourmet.
He's neck and neck and neck and neck and forehead.
So we've got that.
And then Bush's brother is the governor of the state.
He's the chief executive executive, which he was supposed to win by a land club.
All in the world.
It's the people who know Al Gore-Pas.
Because there's a bunch of red neck, Yahoo!
White wingers in Tennessee.
What's all this ad proof?
All this proof, anything?
You can't...
You can't pay...
You can't say that about people.
That's not nice.
You got to find...
Oh, if not nice, well, happen.
It's not a nice country.
Okay, there's a lot of dumb people out there.
Don't say that about people.
It's not nice.
You can't say that about people.
I hate to break the news to you.
You probably never been in Tennessee, Mr.
I had worked there for one month, for the longest month of my life, at WLAC, in Nashville,
Tennessee, in October of 1980.
Before another close election.
I want to not be in close because they had the hot-sages in Iran.
And because of that Iran-Consulted, they made a fool out of Jimmy Carter.
And all the other than the double-digit inflation in the oil-air bomb cargo,
they did this for him, the Arabs again.
Yeah, I remember that really well, Tennessee.
I know what it's all about.
They are born in the ordinary way in Tennessee.
They're hatched in big eggs, and they will end you end you jacks and cave.
They have all these big eggs back there, and they hatch those Tennesseans out of there.
Even orange snatch, I think, was born in Tennessee.
Well, you can, that's not nice.
We're not talking nice.
We're talking about who the hell is going to have this finger on the Goddamn button.
Who's going to make decisions affected?
Who's going to appoint Supreme Court justice to the next 30 or 40 or 50 years
that are going to make life and death decisions?
That are going to take away rights from women and every other Goddamn minority group in this country.
We're not talking about playing a ball game, so we're talking about a president's or freaking election.
And I got news for all of a sudden, again, Ann Richards has got more intelligence in her little finger,
in one knuckle of her little finger than George W has gotten his entire Goddamn spoon-fed body.
And anybody with a brain knows that.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Yeah, the world is saying the stage of great reasons.
Yes, I am.
New York, did you see Roger Ebert interview on softball last night on Chris Matthews?
No, I did not.
Yeah, he was right on point with what you were saying.
He was saying, how can the people be bamboozled by this media hype that are making George push out to be a nice guy?
And he's going to have to everybody.
And there was no idea that if you look through it all, who is really the better person to do the job?
And it's more.
I mean, George is, he may not be the best personality which Ebert readily admitted,
but it's command of what's going on in the government, how to run the government, the nation,
is far superior to George Bush.
So, yeah, based upon that, I'm calling out to a lot of responsible on it and it's kind of a not-to-mob,
but a lot of responsible Republicans, which include myself, not to vote for Bush.
You've asked them about that and I'm working for the fourth campaign.
Okay.
I got it now.
Early and often, pal.
And I'm going to say it again because this NATO stand right even at that 4% including here in the state of Florida, 4%.
And all you young idealistic silly people that think that Ralph Nader is going to be the Messiah
and lead you to the Promised Land, you're dreaming.
All you're doing is throwing away your votes.
It would be like the Bush people saying, hey, go ahead and vote for Pat Buchanan.
A vote for Buchanan is a vote for Gore and a vote for NATO is a vote for Bush.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
So all you Bush people are kind of like a wondering vote for Pat Buchanan.
If Bush isn't extreme right far enough for you, which you probably should be.
But if he isn't quite right-wing enough vote for Pat Buchanan if you're leading Bush.
That's a good idea.
Including all those right-wing Julios which have no again, bad management, bad campaign, the Gore staff,
wasting a lot of time down here in Little Havana and they're all distressed,
they're all the Spanish language radio stations are full of the bush spots and the McCollum spots.
Of course they are because the people who are listening to those stations are the old two-plus crowd
that we had down there with the alien business month after month.
Does there any chance that those people are going to vote for Gore?
Oh, nobody wasting your resources and time for it.
It's the same bad advice he got on pandering to them, but that alien business with his common idiotic comments
that back in the spring.
Ill advise.
If Gore loses this election, it's not because he's not the smarter and the more qualified candidate.
It's because he's got a poor, how many times you've got to change it already?
Some people in this town don't change their underwear as often as they change campaign staff.
Then they're forced after the Democratic Convention and Gore opened up about a 10-row-of-a-point lead
and then Bush had to remake himself.
Although it still sounds to me like he wouldn't have removed that, but he's getting a little different
with it more or less of a picture's draw.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I went to the website you gave, right?
Yeah, which one is that?
The one of the Florida Finchers Outreach.
Right.
You know, it's interesting that it was reading it and it says that
Judge Bush gave the executive order for the circuses to be cut down.
I just said before, right?
Exactly.
You know what?
I want to do to help Gore out.
I want to, not only in your show, but also in the radio, my B.
Radio, my B.
I want to be calling out.
I want to tell these people who are still Bush supporters.
I want to tell them, look, it's his brother who's in charge of this.
If you people are angry that you're losing your trees and all of that,
and it's brother's doing this.
Imagine what, you know, Georgie Boy is going to watch.
That's right.
It's the canker man.
It's also something after the third of the day, because I was a little bit angry with the Democrats, you know,
with the Indian incident.
I'm changing my mind.
I'm voting for a boy again.
Nice going, pal.
Oh, yes.
You better believe it.
Do it like that.
Okay.
I'm going to say, Christopher, I'm going to break it.
Yeah.
In fact, if you vote for Bush, the room where I'm here in the last couple of minutes here
is that if you wake up the day after the election, you're going to have a canker on your record.
And so I'm here.
There's a canker people.
A big, oozing, bloody canker.
And that guy that called to me a call ago, you know, something.
If you're for Bush, that's fine.
A lot of people listening to the show are going to vote for Bush.
That's okay.
But don't call him here every day with the same stupid little speech.
You're not fooling me.
My Alzheimer's is a long way from call up Ronnie.
Okay.
He doesn't remember your call or much of anything else.
He's saying, Nancy, who?
He's asking if Jane Wyman still around.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello?
That's you.
Okay.
About that guy that called before from Tennessee, he was saying, don't talk about people like that.
He's not from Tennessee.
He was talking about how goers that make him a Tennessee.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay.
That's right.
The person who's never been to Tennessee was Palm Beach County line.
That's probably right.
One of the things that I really liked about saying, Roger Ebert, I'm sorry you didn't see it on Harbour yesterday,
because I know somebody just mentioned it.
I would have loved to have seen it.
Roger Ebert is not a pundit.
So he was getting his honest.
He was about the only person that could actually infer the American public he was stupid.
He said to Chris, he goes, well, I'm an intelligent person.
He said, are you an intelligent person?
And then he said, he said, George Bush may smile a lot.
But his policies are not warm and fuzzy.
He's actually, he said, he doesn't want old people to have healthcare descriptions.
He doesn't want women to have abortions.
He wants everyone to have a gun in their house.
He said, how warm is that?
Yeah.
We are not electing a Palm day.
Taking a gun in the church, that's pretty warm and fuzzy if you have to say it.
And then of course, Chris Matthews, oh my god.
He's trying to elect Bush on his own.
He said something about, actually, worried about, you know, going or being cold and distant.
And you know, actually, he said, and so Ebert said, what can they have a top show host as a president?
Yeah.
But anyway, it was great. Sorry, you missed it.
Thanks.
And Molly Evans, by the way, was on Equal Time last night.
She was?
Yeah.
So I missed all the good stuff.
And I have an article she wrote in Mother Jones from 1992 that I kept all these years about all the Bush brothers.
It's really great.
Okay, thanks.
It might have been a fact.
It's exactly.
I'm going out and buy another book today.
Okay.
Bye.
Barbara Bush said she thought that, go with hit son.
Ready for this formal first lady, Barbara Bush, aka Martha Washington, said on Thursday meeting today, she was worried that Vice President Al Gore would hit her son, George W during their final presidential debate this week.
In an interview with ABC's Good Morning America program, Mrs. Bush criticized Gore, the Democratic's presidential nominee, for his aggressive stand during the third presidential debate with her son.
I thought it was going to hit George, said Mrs. Bush, wife of formal president George.
It sort of scared me.
This is the same Barbara Bush, by the way, that told her son that he'd never make it.
He'd never get elected governor of Texas.
Because I guess she knew him better than most the Texans did.
Mrs. Bush said she didn't watch the first debate between the two candidates, as she did not like people unfairly criticizing her children and husbands.
I'll have bad sport about that, she says.
She's a bad sport.
And speaking of bringing foreign policy, isn't that same Saddam who's saying the same one that the daddy let off the hook there, even when the generals, they're talking about, you know, while here's Colin Powell and here's the other big fat one.
Here's all these great, the war heroes are there with W.
But the fact is that they wanted to finish off the job and daddy said, no, no, and that's why here we are all these years later.
And we still got the same troubles ruined over there.
And he said, all this time to build up all his goddamn nuclear weapons, whatever the hell else he's there weapons of destruction and death was important.
Voice-inputing, that's right.
For the cast of any of those CBS shows, including the survivor, if they try to bring it back again.
Yeah, Saddam.
He's still over there because daddy was a wimp.
Well, was that a great choice to talk about a wimpy and 88 bush and dukkakus?
Wow.
Wow.
You don't really want to be present, do you, George?
Oh, I know now.
1056 and 560 WQF.
In fact, they even outwibed Joliverman, which is saying a lot.
And he was on this morning, what was he always at?
He was on the pages.
All in Regis.
Wow, I think that you're being really unfairly critical here.
And I think that the VHS would do a little bit more tolerant of our ideas.
480-560 WQF, Miami Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at wqam.com.
For the world.
Floridians, dumb out of dirt.
Gentlemen, closing statements.
You began Senator DeVagament.
Bernie Al Gore and I are committed to making America's public schools crumbling classrooms.
I have tried the very hard in my career to act in a way that brings down the institutions of government
and each of us individually.
And for a while, I was drilling a life for DASA and the deeper I got, that's on his up Senator.
Thank you, sir.
Mr. Secretary.
George Bush is a good man, an honorable man, a man of high taxes, an evident abortion.
I want to reform the social security system so that the senior citizen suffer this winter.
It'll make a first-rate president.
Secretary J. A. D.
Senior Lieberman, we thank you.
All right.
1202-560.
I just hid Joliverman's voice and I started cringing.
I mean, Dick Cheney, forget about it.
He slipped.
Oh, and spigot of Dick Cheney.
This has been kept very quiet.
Very, very quiet.
But by 2-1 margin, for whatever reason, they didn't make a big hoopla about who won that debate.
And it was supposed to be a coincidence that Bush's numbers went skyrocketing up after not anyone in his debates,
but after the Vice President of the State.
2-1 margin, people felt that Cheney won the debate.
Because Lieberman is so wimpy and he let him get off the hook and make him make him seem like a very moderate, reasonable guy and had a very civilized comment.
And then the next day, it couldn't understand why Cheney was being such a dick and making all those costs to comment and going on the attack.
Yeah.
So anybody thought all the old Jews out there who think that Lieberman is an asset to this ticket, you're dreaming.
Because first of all, the very quietly in these polls, surfacing to the top of the anti-Semite across the country,
and if George could vote, who would I be? I'll be where.
But that's one thing.
And number two, he said to a guy they went and he let Cheney, like I just said, make him, self-repear whatever he wanted to be.
He spun himself under a reasonable guy and Lieberman, and they're all still going out of it.
Oh, well, that was such a wonderful. That was a real debate. That's the way it really ought to be.
But only, that's Bill Crab.
The debate is a healthy and heated and serious change of ideas and differences.
Not a tea party.
Here, have another bagel. You know, that kind of crap. On some cream cheese, a little bit outchives.
5.670560, 05.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
CDS News. This is a great website, CDS.com.
And if you want to see stuff about the election and the polls, write up to date.
That poll today shows in the popular vote, Gore 43.
I mentioned this before, Gore 43%, verse 42.
And the electoral college, it says, close at this tight as a witch's rectum asked.
Gore leading in 14 states and the district of Columbia with the total of 28 electoral votes,
which leads in 23 states with a state with 205 votes.
The remaining 15 states with a total of 125 are considered too close to call.
Can't possibly get any closer to this either in the popular or electoral college.
Now, that professor from FIU, Marino Ben de Butterbur's name is Rita Marino.
He makes a very good point. That is that the polls are taken in English language only,
so they miss the old green two thuleos.
So even though Bill Nelson looks like he's seven points ahead of Bill and a column right now,
and even though Gore has been a couple of points ahead of Bush and Florida,
pretty much for the last few weeks, it's imperative.
Imperative. That everybody else vote.
Because it's going to be very tough for either a vote of them to win in the state
where they're all green two, because they don't show in the polls.
But they do come out. All do they come out.
And do their thing.
Just something to keep in mind as an extra motivator to vote four or five times on November 7th.
Here's a lady mobile in Palm Beach. Hello.
Good morning, now. Yes, ma'am.
Let's let you listen to this. Let's listen to this.
We, Amanda, have been with benefit from the first text ban,
or call it a top point percent.
Me too.
And my husband is a staunch Republican.
God help me.
That we are voting for Gore.
I do like that.
Yeah, for one reason only, my right to choose.
That's it. We just had a daughter, and my husband changed it to me.
He was very being made against abortion, but now,
James is being one of the few little girls.
He's like God forbid, if anything happens to her.
Right.
So, what are you listeners, open up their ears?
And did you notice how conspicuous it was by its absence that Jim Lerard didn't pick any questions about abortion?
Right.
I mean, the ever he's just so scared to pick that subject,
but I convinced my husband he looked at a little girl,
but it's already took.
That's it.
Good for you.
Have a good day.
Vote for William Offensweeter.
I will.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, in fact, I think the little daughter that was just born,
is going to be voting too, as a matter of fact,
that's the way we're going to do it.
You notice that's what Bush was scared of there at the end.
If you're from my opponent, only vote one.
Well, well, well, well.
Yeah, here's a real card, man.
So, now we're getting to the meat of the matter.
Well, people think he's a likable guy,
but that poor contrary to that group ball around CNN,
what's his name, the one with the polls that I just mentioned before,
and I can never think of his name with the glasses.
The Jew Bill Slider.
Yeah.
Oh, and he's trying to make comparisons between Kennedy and Nixon and Yada Yada.
Well, the fact is that Kennedy and Nixon has been bothered to shave as usual.
It looks like he didn't bother to shave, and it would be because it was the first televised debate.
It was a visual thing.
Plus, of course, the fact that the old man bought up a couple of safes
to make sure that JFK won.
Thank God.
But I just love the way these so-called pundits and sliders
want the worst of them, which is supposed to be the poorest or maven.
How they keep trying to draw comparisons between things that were like 40 years ago,
that have nothing to do with what's going on right now.
And the only sad part about what's happening today is the market was also good start.
And Alan Greenspan is going to open up his big mouth a little later today,
and I have a feeling that all the gains who made this morning
are going to wind up going down the trail.
That could be wrong, I hope.
I'm going to get to this in a minute.
First of all, I'm learning about the pollution,
and about the kids gagging and choking,
and not being able to breathe the God in Aaron Texas.
Largely due to his policies, which, of course,
they don't discuss during these debates.
Because it might scare somebody.
Here's a model in Hollywood. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm going to ask a couple of callers,
and I was just going to answer them.
I mentioned that about Chris Matthews piece on, on, on, uh, M.F.M.
He will, I would, I would, I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be watching him
because he makes my stomach turn.
Well, you know, it's my, too, but I, I saw, um,
what's his name, the movie guy on there?
He would.
And all of a sudden, he started, yeah, he worked.
And he said, finally, I said, you know,
somebody is saying, what I,
the opinion that I had about the, the,
the, um,
the debate.
And he was saying the point that he made was,
how would you like to have, uh,
Bush on a plane going over to sit down across from, uh, the,
the, uh, the rack and, uh, and, uh,
and the air, yeah,
and have him try to mediate something having this
because it's usually just the president.
And the two other sides,
how would you like to have Bush in there?
He probably, he probably want to find out
if the West Bank was the savings and loan.
I, I, I had, but I didn't really think about it.
And what about the need involved in it?
Uh, it would be scary.
And one more thing that I didn't hear anybody
mentioned about that, about the debate,
was that, uh, Bush, he, he said one thing,
and then the next, his next position was completely opposite.
He said, we can't be the peacekeepers of the world,
indicating that we, he doesn't want to put money into peacekeeping
forces around, around the world,
where, uh, where we're not involved in, in military exercises.
But then the next time he said anything,
he said, we have to be,
do we have to keep the peace in the world?
Now, I said, well, wait a minute,
you can't be, be for both things.
You get, you have to be a piece,
you have to either keep,
well, I, I don't know why you say that
because he's always taught us about how he believes in the people
and, and I'll make it our own choices.
And then he turns around and says to women,
oh, but when it comes to abortion,
you can't make your own choices about your own body.
So at least he's consistent, he's consistently full of crap.
Well, he needs to be kept at the feet of the fire
and, you know, some of those journalists that he was,
that he was making fun of us,
oh, there's just journalists.
You know, they're the people that need to speak up and say,
hey, he's staying one thing and he's turning around.
Well, I, when Glomix and his adoration
because he's given some bad information by his aid
or, or, or, or say something that may like the role of serosote,
I'm going to say it again.
She only stood in the class for one day.
He got bum information, but the fact is,
Sirusota newspaper had a big article about the fact
that lots and lots of other kids in that in Sirusota
had to stand in a classroom days on end
because there weren't enough seats in the classroom.
They had no place to sit down.
But the media, they tended that like in two seconds or less
and the rest of the time, oh, he had never one of those mistakes.
Yeah, he exaggerated times.
And again, largely because he gets bad advice.
But he didn't just come out and ball face why,
like W does, like I just got to tell you about,
about the crap that he didn't Texas.
Oh, yeah, patients go or writes my fat ass.
And the three, and then the three motorers
are gonna get executed, right?
Well, throughout a three and bad, George.
But for some reason, he's got the same Teflon
that Ronnie had.
He's got that Republican Teflon coding
and everything just seems to rub right off.
10 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQA.
It just keeps getting bigger.
We're leaving from the clock out,
like Ludic Zimmer at the University of Massachusetts
in Boston, on Jim Lehrer of the NewsHour on PBS.
And I welcome you to the first of three,
I'm in the minute debates
between the Democratic candidate for president
by President Al Gore and the Republican candidate
governor George W. Bush of Texas.
Let me just tell you that Jim,
if I could just click it on, you can move on.
Yes, sir.
I know that.
You know what?
I said, I said, Jim, I said,
Jim, let me say something.
Now, I understand.
I am just kidding.
Jim, I have been in this for a while.
But can I make one or the other?
One quick thing, John, these are your rules.
I'm doing my best.
You were way over the three and a half.
I have no problems with it.
But we wanted you to have a quick response
and we'll move on.
We've got almost five minutes on this.
You've got to leave.
Wait a minute, just for the week's full.
If I could just briefly, Jim, I know.
Thank you, Governor Bush, Vice President Gore.
See you next week.
And for now, one ball, Ben, I'm Jim Lara.
Thank you, and good bye.
I saw Jim, that Jim Lara.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, make no mistake about that.
Talk about a lightweight.
Fed a weight.
Here's Gail and the Gables who ordered her
a key chain and stuff off the internet
and the 10 days ago hasn't got it yet.
And she wants us to check on it, which I will.
She also says, his PS George is a Jew hater.
A few rubber bullets up his rectum,
like straightened him out.
That's what Gail says in a Gail.
She said you were a Jew hater.
But anyway, screw her.
Also, thanks to my friend in plantation
River, it was, which I threw the cover page away.
But thank you so much.
Here's six pages on an article from Hustler Magazine,
so you know it must be accurate, because they do have
great articles.
That's the only reason anybody would
read it for the articles, right?
That's what Anthony said.
Behind the stained glass windows of the seminary,
age ravages the celibate Catholic priesthood
by Jesse Oppenheimer.
I don't have, I mean, six pages.
I'm not going to read it on here.
I've just read a couple of blurbs.
The legs of an archbishop in Rome who died of AIDS
were broken to make his death a period of end of
his own accident.
You go to any seminary, you feel like you're in a gay
bar, since former Jesuit Robert Goss.
I learned all my skills in cruising in a Jesuit
rec room.
Part of the time they're presenting this image of being
chased, and then they might be outgoing about that
evening, finding an outlet for sex.
If there's a bright side, the sexually transmitted
disease is an occlusion.
Maybe that the church will finally be forced to deal
with sexuality in an open way.
And of course, here it is only a couple of weeks ago,
the church finally, for the first time, said,
well, maybe condoms are, you're not going to go to hell
after all, because there's so much sexually transmitted
disease going on, especially with an ecuagy, just
like that says.
I wonder when Larry Furns going to come out with a good
story.
Anything I've been.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in the Wands and
Wireless Live.
Our poll today, the United States is a slaughterhouse filled
with gun nuts and scumbags, 47.
One of the safest, most civilized countries in the world,
34.
And no better worse than most countries for violence,
32.
Again, we obviously have a lot of people out there who
never even traveled north of the border.
Now, the day we had that story, it was, I think,
an USA day about Windsor in Detroit.
Moons of Ontario.
Anybody that's ever been to Detroit or to Windsor
are more likely to be Detroit.
But Windsor is right, I mean, side by side,
right across the Ambassador Bridge from Detroit.
And the statistics were just a based on population, which
obviously Detroit's much bigger than Windsor.
But even based on population, the statistics
were staggering with like a zillion to one in terms of
murders in the previous year.
I guess this was last year we read this, so like a 98.
A zillion to one Detroit, where Windsor had very minimal.
And here they are geographically side by side, separated
only by a very small body of water there, and the
Ambassador Bridge and the tunnel.
Sir, a tunneler?
No, I don't know.
I remember.
I know there's the Ambassador Bridge.
There's Windsor Raceway.
There's my different Marty Adler.
Hey, let's get Marty on the air and talk harness racing for a while.
And whether you've been talking about Israel.
Wait, now we want to hear missing the boat, God, then.
We want to hear about Israel.
You farthest instead of a bitch.
We want to hear about Israel.
We want to go to a caboot.
We want to send George there and make him an honorary rabbi.
I'd love to go to a caboot.
So here's a lot of that.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing, especially the stadium.
They don't have time to get them military.
They don't have time to do the prepreating.
I hope they have commuter showers.
Here's a lady in Kendall Hall.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Or is it pleasure to speak with you?
Yes, it is.
And I really, really mean it.
I admire her.
She's very, very much.
And I like to make your comments.
My family's been ringing.
They're very, very up to now.
And I will stop when the other girls are
going to go to the beach.
Mrs. Bush.
I like to tell you another thing.
Can you imagine two East calling people?
Mrs. Bush was calling you?
Yes.
Maybe she wanted to offer you two a 300 bucks.
I know.
I don't know what you want.
But I didn't want to have anything to hear.
I don't blame you.
So I hung up right away.
And they called me a constant.
They were Bush who had you.
What do you like?
And who I just want to go to Bush?
And that is all the time.
About your tea, they're not calling me,
asking me what I like.
I tell you one thing.
These people are spending a lot of money better.
Two, they're spending a lot of money with all these.
They're desperate.
They're really hard.
I think they are.
I think based on the calls of the beginning of the last few days,
it sounds familiar to Bush people.
I really didn't panic enough.
Especially after they saw me at the night and saw what a jerky looked like.
That's right.
Okay, sweetheart.
I'll hang in there.
Just say no to Barbara.
Okay.
That's our message to all you people out there.
Just say, oh, the barbs, the bads.
I still say she is on the $1 bill.
$5.67, $5.60, $5.60.
I got time now.
We got some calls on you, but you'll have to wait.
Or not, as the case may be.
This is more important.
From his art children, moving by Paul Begalla.
In fact, that we even have a jingle that says,
if I can find a guy dancing, where the hell is that?
Where number one?
Oh, God, I don't have the time to find these guys.
Where is that, George?
What are you looking for?
Where number one, Danette?
Why can't I find that?
Oh, there it is.
One more please.
I got it.
Where number one, Danette?
And that's what this particular passage is heading is.
Where number one Houston passes Los Angeles
is the dirtiest city in America.
Remember, I mentioned coming back from Vegas on the plane.
There was a big, our front page article in the LA Times about this.
Paul Begalla says, I grew up in a little town not far from Houston.
Houston is a great city full of piss and vinegar.
As in any Houstonian, we'll take the first words spoken
from the surface of the moon was Houston.
And yet Houston has always had something of an inferiority complex.
But Alice Cowboys were always been insuperables.
Houston Oilers even never went to the Super Bowl unless they moved out of the village Nashville.
So Houston, you're in for recognition, but not this kind.
In 1999, Houston, overture applause Angeles is the city with the dirtiest air in America.
Houston had the most violations of federal health ozone standards.
It also had a higher number of peak days than Los Angeles.
Ozone is really nasty stuff.
It's a key component of smog and a respiratory irritant.
Rudy is painful, dirty, and dangerous.
In 1999, study conducted by the city of Houston shows that Houston's air pollution may have crossed at least 435 premature deaths.
And as many as 1196 new cases of chronic bronchitis annually.
Rudy airs also expensive.
Houston has spent between 2.9 billion and 2.1 billion on health problems attributed to the city's ozone and airborne particles.
Hundreds of people dead before their time, thousands sick with bronchitis, and billions spent to deal with it.
He says, I hope the Bush campaign chokes on its own dirty money.
If it seems like I'm getting personal to you, it is because this is personally me.
I have eight nieces in nephew soon to be nine growing up in Texas.
Four of them soon to be five in Houston area.
These babies have to breathe a crap and crud that's Bush's contributors are stealing into the air.
So when I see statistics about hundreds of people dying before their time, and thousands more fighting bronchitis for the next breath, these aren't just statistics to me.
They're potentially my nieces, my nephews, brothers, and sister-in-law, or my dad retired in fishing in Galveston.
Of course, my family's kid don't be the only ones at risk.
As a result of Bush's flawed plan, almost 230,000 Texas children in seven urban counties may be exposed to as much as 295,000 tons of air pollution each year,
because the attend schools within two miles of older industrial plants, they're under Bush's voluntary permit program.
And who defunct it? It seems that almost none of the schools that are next to the self-sparing factories are elite private academies.
Can you imagine the coincidence? The stunning isn't it?
So once again, under the compassionate conservative, it's the poor who suffer the most.
A 1999 study found that 10% of the Hispanic and African American children in Houston's inner city suffer from asthma twice the level previously measured just two years before.
Asthma sufferers are especially threatened by increases in ozone levels as these pollutants are known to irritate the condition and trigger attacks.
It's not just asthma sufferers who are harmed by this. In 1999, ozone in Houston was so bad that Harris County judge Robert Eckles announced a new system to notify area schools when the smog levels made it dangerous for students to practice sports outside.
On high-smog days, let's call them Bush days, athletes had experienced coughing fits and other respiratory problems, according to the Houston Chronicle.
It's outrageous how would you feel if your son was a high school athlete getting sick just from breathing the air football practice?
To give you an idea of how bad it is, the national standard for ozone is 125 parts per billion.
The highest reading in Dear Park, a blue collar part of Houston, was 251 parts per billion in October of last year.
And there's no doubt that Bush bears responsibility for this.
A coalition of 44 environmental groups called the Texas Air Crisis Campaign, released in 1999 a report detailing how Texas Air Quality had deteriorated under Bush.
We believe the Air Crisis is due to the intentional act and conscious indifference the Governor Bush is appointing to the Texas Natural Resource Conservation Commission and the legislature.
There are both sins of omission and sins of emissions that may gain over the campaign.
The group blasted Bush's poor vehicle emissions program and is allowing grandfather companies to continue polluting with no mandatory regulations.
And yet Bush doesn't seem to care. Texas cities have repeatedly failed federal emission standards since 1994 and Bush did little about the problem.
A city is demoted in air pollution status by the federal government if it exceeds permissible ozone limits more than once a year from 1994 to 1996.
Dallas, for example, exceeded 9 times in 1994, 15 times in 1995, and 4 times in 1996.
In 1999, Bush's environmental administration has planned they didn't have enough warning to their clean air plan together.
Not enough warning to the 28 violations in three years to kind of give you a clue George, didn't it help? No.
So that's our two pages for today.
And you really ought to go out and get the book.
If you have any doubts, if you're still legitimately on the fence, and though I know you need the people in those focus groups who lied about being on the fence, they're awful of crap.
On both sides, they're all, oh yeah, well we are really, we haven't, we got our fingers crossed, our legs crossed, but we are undecided.
Yeah.
What a how much they had a pay to be in that school house.
26 after 11 and 560 WQM.
Neil Roger shows you sports radio.
560s, QA, have you a spare spare game?
Yeah.
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
Since we got married, my wife's weight doubled.
560s, we've got a big touch first.
But some it's no sadby man, it covers her face.
It's my wife, I know she's that kind.
She got lost in that side of the, if she sits on the, I won't survive.
It's my wife.
It's around the house she really sits around the house you see.
If it's something I won't survive.
It's my wife.
Let the 31 at 560 WQM.
Man walks up to a woman in his office each day, stands very close to her, draws in large breath of air and tells her that her hair smells nice.
After a week of this, she can't stand it any longer.
The woman goes in and we're supervisors office and tells him that she wants to file a sexual harassment seat against him and explains why.
The supervisor's puzzled by this and says, what's wrong with your coworker telling you that your hair smells nice?
The woman replies, he's a midget.
Or, it's up to you.
It's more general.
Look for the QM van from now to 1 o'clock at the hooters on the quarter of Pines in the University of Pember pine.
You got your best meal CDs and cassette and those teaching and the best meal teachers for this year too, which are really nifty if I say so myself.
Two at a buck so far.
Not too silly, y'all.
Or they just got there.
Or they're kind of like my maid, huh? Or I've lately, really?
Anyway, get them all their hot says.
There's facts our campaign headquarters now open in Westbrow.
We're coming and get fog long signs ready to go with posts, grow bumper stickers and the ever popular read my lips, no new bushing stickers in right now.
I hope I get some of those going garnish to a button, two of those are the best.
Mocheted at 52.61 coconut creek parkway in Margate directly crossing the Margate post office open right now with your grow pair of fanaties.
How's that poor company? I'm glad you asked.
The United States is no better or worse than most countries with violence 36 one of the safest most civilized countries in the world.
39 a slaughterhouse filled with gun nuts and scumbags 57.
5 6 7 0 5 60 notice all the cars we had about that kid from Italy, the touristic, I got shot in my home in a wheelchair, paralyzed for the rest of his life.
We're going to start a little better call down.
Yeah.
Crip, uh, clip, wops, the clip, wops.
Gimpy greet us.
Gimpy gins.
Here's got the red cello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
I, uh, take my call.
Yes, sir.
I've been holding the walk.
Um, I've got a couple points.
The one thing that I wonder about is that it seems like when you become president, they can certainly delve into your personal life.
Big time.
I mean, uh, with friends, with sex, your parents, everything.
Now, there's the thing with, um, governor Bush about code use and alcoholism, but the avoiding all these issues here.
Uh, huh.
I'll see if this is the approach.
They don't want to make any personal tax.
And by doing that, I think that they're parling themselves into a real death and a life and death struggle.
It could be a very one sided.
Yeah.
And not only that, I mean, I want these to be, and it's really hard to watch.
They're both seem like idiots.
But this guy, Bush comes across like a really, like he needs someone on the side going to tell him what to say.
I told you, yeah.
And, you know, it's just ridiculous.
I just wish we had just keep going.
Okay.
I'm going to pass it along.
Call the White House.
First time when we want to stay.
Don't leave yet, Bubba.
Public and find some stuff around this place.
You'll be glad to go up there and service him over four years.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
You all of a sudden here, I read that page or two and now everybody went away.
Like I said, that's okay.
I don't care.
I read it.
I mean, that important stuff.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 the only AT&T wireless and Verizon wireless line.
Out of town is open like over there on the West Coast where they're always belly-icking about they can hear the show and how they can.
877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5.
Hank will be at the David Buster's at two.
He'll be with Bino Cook.
Big fat Bino Cook between 5 and 6.
Her crew hotline at 6 and then we got the 3rd United Football Line at the Bucks at 8.
Any K after the game.
Let's go agenda.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes. Are you doing it, Amy?
All right.
First basically I'm calling to tell you why the air in Houston is so damn polluted.
One of the first bills when Governor Bush went into office was the emission test he cut it out.
Same thing is whether just this fast summer in Florida put a lot of people out of jobs including myself.
Now there's fellow people.
These guys don't care about their environment.
Not one big just like big brother.
They're one less expensive big business polluted away their hearts content.
Well good luck to pal.
I came man.
And watch what you stick at to.
Okay.
So remember I was just starting to get to like my friends there at the emission test they all listen to the show.
They were big fans and then all of a sudden Jebs said no more that.
Am I said by that?
No.
No.
But the fact is see the emission thing ought to be part of a total vehicle inspection test.
And the fact that if we have to do that pull them off.
So we have mandatory vehicle inspection and for none that's just not just the emissions thing breaks.
Have a light.
Yeah.
Have a light.
Bar of tires.
Yes.
All of these things front end alignments are all these things that they do in real state.
And I don't want to hear the stories about how corrupt it was in New York or Pennsylvania.
See if you automate that's going to be the excuse then you don't do anything.
We just have energy.
There's a right way to do things and there's a wrong way.
And if you have a competent leadership they learn from the mistakes in the states that are doing it wrong.
Yeah you pick and choose you take the good parts that are working well elsewhere and just guide the parts that are out working.
That's how you like Ross Peroset.
Roll up your sleeves and get out of the engine and stick your head in there.
Something like that.
And hope your ears don't get in the way.
But no not in a fluid and that's why in and of all states in the world not to have mandatory vehicle inspection.
With all the geeks that we have you know I don't want you to take it personally but you know if you can't drive for crap you know.
And I'm here to tell you that most of you can't you can't drive for a Schmidt.
I'm coming to work this morning and I get off of about 595 out of the turnpike.
And as I'm swinging on to the turnpike there.
Everybody around me it would maybe one or two exceptions.
It's driving like ancillars and I'm screaming in the car.
What is wrong with you people?
It's one thing if one or two people are driving like you're radic and really unacceptable.
That's always going on.
But I'm talking about a whole bunch of these people.
Just viewing all over the road and going either too fast or too slow.
You're kind of like in the middle of it like you're pleased.
You know just don't hit me.
I'm not ready yet.
And that's what goes on here.
You get a driver's license in a cracker jack box as soon as you get off the banana boat.
Then you mail you mail in when you get to be 95 years old.
Better yet now on the internet just like you've been doing your license like I did.
For six years.
My mother tells me that somebody she knows 90 years old has got a six year renewal in the mail.
90 years old.
Just got a six year drive with life's renewal in the mail.
She'll be driving after she's dead.
I'm sure that.
When she's 140 she'll still be getting new in the mail over the four years.
So not only do we have Brooklyn special, of course not even to mention that in date counting.
We still have sure way more than 50% driving around in violation of law with no insurance guaranteed.
So the fact that they're driving right again if they do hit you man.
You survive.
Oh yeah, but I get out.
I'll collect from the insurance.
Yes, Rob.
Hope that your insurance covers it because if there's doesn't they don't have any.
All right.
You're wrong.
It's a pain in the ass.
It's really time consuming and we don't want to be bothered.
Well, that's great.
If you just want to go ahead and drive your little beat up all brown nose corals.
Killin people out there in the road.
If you want to be 100 years old, death dumb blind.
No arms, no legs and they're getting driver's license every six years.
Well fine.
You're in the perfect place for it.
21 before noon at 560 WQM.
I can't.
You.
You.
You.
I'll be in the wrong place.
I'll be in the wrong place.
If there are what?
What?
And?
Don't know what we do with.
I'm too busy.
And I don't.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
I'm too busy.
丁目標ety
No.
WQM
There were intonation
club that will pick you,
but for many other reasons not to brag with straight Uh-oh!
Go online
and the bus can return.
He is over 50%.
He is the hinged
on tight and you'll get it and the CV2 right I mean are they sending him out from
in there? Well get that nephew you want to stick in there already for Christ's
sake. Don't forget to queue up what? That's the guy's job. Well the gel is out there
driving it and the van too is out the spread it around. It is Miguel's job well
don't be picking on him. Like I said Jason hold your horses. I'm happy with it
anyway. From now to one o'clock at the hood you see and that's the way I am you
look good with the guy they have a lot of slack. They're ugly like the nephew I
mean I'm sorry. Don't forget from now to one o'clock they're out there the
QM van and with all our stuff hooters on the corner of Pines and
University in Pemberton CDs cassettes those he changed and those nifty t-shirts
which I absolutely love. Let's see if he got the balls to wear one in public.
So this is part of the problem out there with all these nervous nellies who
listen to the show and don't want to admit it. Oh I wouldn't wear one of those
near Roger's t-shirts because everybody think I'm a fan. Yeah. No
just nearly. No business nearly. He's right. Well maybe they just know it. 560.560.560
on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Nell. Yes sir. How you doing man?
Pretty good. Come from your favorite retail outlet borders. All right. Exactly. I love
it. Yeah. I know. We haven't been management but it probably is amazing. Anyways.
Another name for your Italian band and won't you walk? Yeah. Anyways. Basically just
kind of tell you that there's a great website put up by the Democratic National
Committee called www.I know what you did in Texas.com. Yeah. It's worth out like a
movie poster for the probably even skier than I know what you did last summer. It's a funny
graphic eye with him and money and down and blood and anyway it's basically just
tells you the record in Texas on any issue of magical so it's pretty good to check it out.
Okay. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Time's it got 400 open lines here today. We'll build
them a little bit of momentum and it's on it's it. They're laying back. I got news for
your bush mongers out there. You think that you're just going to wrinkse your
linear because well the other guys are with the statue and you're catching them in these
little exaggerations. Well I got news for you. When it gets real close to November 7th
people are going to take a look at this bundle near to it. They're going to listen to all
of his malaproppers and they're going to take a look at his real record because the
fact they're going to start coming out and they're going to say you know I'm not so sure
I want them to be the one over there negotiating in the Middle East where he couldn't even
fight it out of the map. I'm not so sure I want them but there's bogus social security
plan and all these other people with a fuzzy math and the hoax focus and they're going
to say I don't think so because you hear people keep asking this is he up to the job and
just like the books said there was reading from there today when you start asking that
question is he up to the job and there was a big Alice book the answer is obviously no
no because we have to ask the question in the first place it means you really already
know the answer absolutely not and for the guy that called me 400 times in the last
two days that first guy would have started that's about how they reelected him. Oh let
me just suggest this to you sir if Ted Kennedy were running against George W and I tried
to make the argument to you that Ted Kennedy's got reelected to the Senate 150,000 times
since chapicurican and spider chapicurican because they think he's the greatest guy they
have said it since the invented slice bread you'd say oh he's a murderer he's a liberal
yeah that's right who the hell are you kidding in addition which I'm looking at it kind
of recently did they reelect Mario Cuomo in New York now they elected a pus does that
mean that I don't like Mario Cuomo because the voters in New York are too stupid to realize
they have one of the most brilliant men in their country as their governor I don't give
a crap about that I want to see what I want to see what the man's all about I want to
listen to him speak I want to read about what his record is I don't want to hear a song
of dance about how the vote of the Yahoo's in Texas where they're hook and frickin horns
how they put them back in there again yeah hookin horns with their god they prayers with
their football games and they're with their high priorities.
How a crap you only the only thing in Texas that's worth our hoot is Austin Texas.
I don't tell that to what's in it's Christian that bitch I mean what is her name Ashley
you see how to cite out of mind you forgot all about the cute couple about camp got our
good friends all right and what if they're doing it anymore no I doubt it oh yeah I never
catch them I think you make a love that that spot on her back again or maybe he's making
love the spot I didn't know they had a dog here's baby hello yeah I knew yes sir listen
now I think shift gears a little bit I have a hockey question for you all right now you're
if we have a team anymore I don't know I'm not a black hog fan myself oh yeah in hi
look at that great attendance in Chicago 8000 at DCs again here last night yeah listen back
in the early six is your maple leaf fan right yes 1961 the black hogs won the Stanley Cup right
I think it was 61 or 62 when the least one the cup was very 52 right there was a player on that
team I think his name was Bill Barrichco he's no Bill Barrico was not in 62 Bill Barrico it was
in 49 right in the plane crash he scored the winning goal 49 not 62 before I was I was a seven
years old you were probably in embryo right a plane crash yeah he after the release one
to Stanley Cup that year he scored the winning goal I think it over time I'm not sure and he died in
the plane crash right they think there's a song about the group is tragically hip right right after
that right lastly can I have a request yes yes that that I don't know what you call it it's that
tape where it's like an instructional tape where civil ways to use the F word you know okay you got
it as you can thanks okay F push okay that's another good way to use it right there just say F
to Bush or just say F you or is that professor said for her there's a marino FIU or is Macy
grace it FFIU yeah that's what you kept saying that well what do that mean we are
thinking of Macy Gray songs mean by still like her she's okay in my book love you Macy
there we go 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 oh she ain't no what's that other one that's that one all
the awarding head oh man real I'm sure like he's got a 60 40 wow the ring catter
not not as wailing is my a carry the no railing screaming shrieking just butchering poor west
wife and you notice my a carry now first it was 98 degrees and your mama she did that song
which was an okay song if you took see if you got one of those machines where he can take
certain parts of the vocals out and eliminate her some of her music is pretty good with the
her off of it but every song is wow that is screaming and wailing and puking and destroying the song
but she's teaming up with all our life now with west life who have broken every record course
over here we try to give kids curvy west life which I think he played it once and then we
got anarchy about it he played the rule which John gave him the rule and now everybody
of power 96 is dying to hear that song if he played more that uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
European music that we bring in here maybe power 96 you have a 90's year I mean they're doing okay
but they could be doing a lot better if he had a little more balls look that's what his new
life said if he had like one ball would be good his ten year old wife
or west life broke every even the Beatles records five songs really singles released in a row
number one for three gonna charge in English and out of six one this is six because this is
with my carry so it's like five and a half because she's on there that bitch wailing and puking
and screaming and just the awful couldn't think of your stuff or god damn uzi upper rectum ask
here's my any hello hello Neil yes sir uh uh Neil just wanted you said something you mentioned
and Richard you mentioned that deal uh Neil Bush yeah now I'm looking at something there
if you want to put the facts and thinking chicken you put the George Bush now I'm looking at
the place of all he wants to send the money back to the people he wants to privatize the
social security he also want to invest in money now you can imagine him putting all the
his pecs of people that take care of all these things otherwise if a corporation wants to have
a dummy at the top and they'll be running this this is what we have with the half everybody knows
that he's done I mean this is not getting anywhere we can get to something else that people can
really see what's happening so I know you're doing the best you could me I'm doing the best I can
you know but this is the one thing that I'm looking at I can't understand it and I look at his
I think his father's gonna be the president he's just gonna be there maybe make the speeches so
he's just gonna be the face man yeah daddy's gonna be in there with his good buddy Dick Cheney is
gonna be a daddy and Dick he's gonna be running the country again I think you're right you see
because and Martha uh he himself tells the people that he's not smart because he says his mother
says the same thing when Anne Richard told him that he had five failures and that he uh was
$370 million billion billion dollars he said that he was caught up it yeah as far as that
it's just like he's proud of being a dumb student you know if the people with the be able to see that
the date with him and let Anne Richard he would not have hope in you see just like you I thought
that Neil was the one that had all these failures I didn't know that he was the one and she planted
that out there he was the administrators of two of these corporations that he had yeah so thank
you Neil good luck for once back all those ago I said about about six years seven times I think we
can be a little bit feel a little more alive I don't want you by their ease up on it but I think
the fact that all the girl people have heard in seven or eight times and the media people with the
last minutes they'll say I'm not controlling my vote well what's the point I this business of
making a statement or having some kind of a pure victory what's the point he's now out say it
Ralph native will not carry one county in one state in the country not one not one district not
one block you will not carry you will have you can and you need to look for Brown the libertarian candidate
and Gus Hall the communist candidate he's the dead what's the point oh now we're gonna make a
statement we're gonna show you yeah okay you're gonna show us the you know that song by Luther
Campbell are stupid as they want to be five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18
and three and Verizon wireless lines I've got to go for therapy and they have seen my good friend
Jean Louise I'll give you the best finishing picture thumb 100 and also a little bit I'll heal that
also pull that out I'm happy with all that I and I finally wise up people that start shake my hand
like the one is mowing out there the soccer guy I say I'll give him my left hand because
I want to still healing up because it seems now they must know the master say this out there
I mean they get a hold of it and they're really squeezing it hard in hand too damn don't squeeze so hard
close the pot your shoulder hand uh you wouldn't feel it
Jean sorry I don't know I don't care if we go I'm not gonna suck up to them or you can meet
I'm gonna suck up those speakers over there a const broadcasting and make me sick of my stomach
called Bob Neil I wish him happy birthday as Cheryl and Bob green over to play these little games
oh yeah let's have Neil suck up the Bob Neil yeah Neil and Neil up the Bob Neil up there in Atlanta
is about two feet tall and comes up to my knee like a kick him in the nuts if he had any
you know that the Lord even loves Neil Roger perhaps one of the most interesting words in the
English language today is the word out of all of the English words that begin with a letter half
is the only word that is referred to as the F word it's the one magical word just by its sound
can describe pain pleasure hate and love as most words in the English language is derived from
German the word flicking which means to strike in English fall into many grammatical categories
as a transitive verb for instance John F*** surely it's meaning it's not always sexual it can be
used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work as part of an adverb
Charlie talks too f***ing much as an adverb enhancing an adjective
Charlie is f***ing beautiful as a noun I don't give a f*** as part of a word
the absolute f***ing loosely or in the f***ing credible and as almost every word in a sentence
f*** the f***ing f*** this as you must realize there aren't too many words with the versatility of
f***ing as in these examples describing situations such as fraud I got f***ed that they use
carol art this may all f*** it trouble I guess I'm really f***ed now aggression don't f***
with me buddy dismissal why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself
I'm sure you can think of many more examples say it loudly and proudly
f*** you oh right probably two of five sixty wqms social we do minute story number two it's
better than number one because you're getting a real bad about old I'm making it close to the
doctors office and the planes doctor my balls are killing me the pain is incredible the doctor grabs
the magic under his armpits puts him on the examination table poses on these down and says
hmm hold on a minute he wears his car with his doctor's instruments on it and says let's see stand still
he looks at his left side and when the seizures goes snip snip looks on the right side with the
seizures goes snip snip the doctor happens to make it put them back on the foreances all right walk
around a little bit the minute shows him on that would have smiled on his faces hey doc I feel great
what did you do to which the doctor replies I took two inches off your cowboy boots
not bad we're getting there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and
Verizon wireless line here's the mobile in Miami hello hi how you doing now all right um in the
gargier poll today and also in regards to the guy that called yesterday said he didn't like Amsterdam
he said we're talking about how dangerous it was yeah dangerous first of all answer down is one
of a few civilized cities it's not the only civilized city in the world for the simple reason
you can say legalize marijuana many years ago and you can get that fired on the page and the
smoke of sweat and nobody bothers you there's one one reason alone why it's more civilized in this
country anyway you know you say a lot of people haven't been out of the obviously I've been not
to pound each count you know I've lived in a few different places I've lived in England I've
lived in Italy I've lived in South America or all around the Americans and I gotta tell you
when it comes down to it the bottom line is the USA is the best place to win
well for a number of reasons I mean if you're welcoming up to be able to afford to send you know six
months a year out of a country yeah bike time passing sounds good to me but it's I'm up to about two
months after all it is so much easier in this country we have it so good here compared to light
that's easier you mean like walking around on the streets and waiting to see if somebody's
gonna blow your brains up or waiting to see if your kids are gonna come home alive from school
already then well yeah there is that of course is that you know let's be honest as long as you
know which part of town just which part of town you're supposed to avoid you mean like a column
buying yeah that's a pretty dangerous school yeah you're right about that that's the terrible
bottom I didn't say that a year's time should be bad okay there's nothing you can do about that
you got all these people saying and and there are the million people that are in jails and prison
in this country for drugs yeah yeah I know that's also wrong there's lots of wrong
about this country but we do have a lot of strip shopping centers and there's much more
convenient we have a better slice before I would agree with that and that's about it I don't
I don't know how you could say that well that's not it actually there's lots of other things I mean
you wouldn't an England I would agree that any person probably been improving over England so
that's not a very valid comparison no no I think Italy yeah there is a lot of web taping in
the lab to agree with that everything is on it I love I love visiting Italy but I would never
want to live there right I've got I've got to the post office of Amsterdam it's very complicated
now there's pretty straightforward yeah I was gushing borgo what a pair I mean what a choice
we've got okay I'll see you in Liberty City 5 6 7 0 5 60 pounds here you go Neil there's a
guy that's one double and he's that's how it like it is he's full of you full of crap okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless on that's as close as we've had
anybody responding in any way about the pat in kit because you're too embarrassed by a natural
that would want to say anything about it either if I lived in this slaughterhouse and this
guy's responsible about the guns is well there's nothing we can do about it that sounds promising
that sounds real assuring to me it's like that part they called it there to go give me a son
of an answer about sticking your foot in there or a door there and trying to give me a let you
on Israel and how I really ought to go there you know what the answer is sweetheart oh no absolutely
positively no it will not happen not this week not next circus not a week from next to wash your
shirt it ain't going to happen I'm not going to Israel if you want to go there and be a professional
get skis go right ahead if you want to be there as a moving target go right ahead because they've
got those beaches and why do you have to go there to be moving target when we're here in the US
you know what I'm saying yes or target practice is every day every place you don't have to go
over there to get blown up either the beaches here 5 6 7 0 5 60 top 5 60 on the AT&T and for
wise the world never even Israel didn't want him yeah that's right even kick his ass out
time and Roth aka Marlansky they said I'll go back to Miami Beach and walk you dog and Collins
over those little parts of Rovia and they did here's a lady mobile and call spring hello hi
you yes man I didn't get to know the beginning of your show but I was pretty stunned
starting to debate when nobody commented on Bush's discussion of state these programs because
the last time I looked there was so separation of church and state in the United States
it's a scene that's been recurring a lot of you know yeah because he going to go again worst
out on that because he's so terrified do he say anything that to ruffle the feathers of the
religious nuts out there so we just do you run away from that absolutely but my big
guide was with that hot taste then those who had an opportunity to stand up and ask a meaningful
question and instead came up with this this crap and I'm in product I blame Larry because he
picked up questions that's correct you know just you know how do we protect our children and you know
and I guess it only it only confirms this private theory that I've held for years that most
women are at home so that's what I have to say about that's a gate okay thanks okay there you go
on unsolicited comments from the lady herself most women are at home all of it's interesting that
most women are a student of that the majority of them are going to vote for growth and most men seem
to be yeah they like that they like that Texas down home shoot-off kind of mentality you know
in our way mr. macho anti-abortion so we can really stick it back to the women so to speak
4,500 open lines here at this point which again just astonishes the hell out of me but do I really
care oh now I'm just doing the best I can in my own little way my own little mecha the world's here
world worlds five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and three and who lives the
wireless line and the other town line has been pathetic eight seven seven eight five sixty three
forty five so pathetic last color we call on that was that idea from the walkie allegedly yesterday
with his and Richard the communist routine you know to get a sit-down comedy job how you're fantastic
the Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixties you
this is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station no the
aflack casting call all right Tom Broca
come broca
aflack again Tom aflack one more time Tom
I'm losing a second part one more aflack next my Tyson
yes my Tyson stop saying what I'm saying I'll say what this
is
Jesse Jackson the
the
I'm Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white
next we all in just not to mean to duck the twerk
state of the spread mister Alan was crazy to find the great the line please why would
the duck speak next the great show and
category sir how welcome sir welcome from the hallway sir just read the line please
excuse me sir again sir I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't
I'm simply trying to
next oh god I guess we got to deal with God freed over here
all right give it to me Gilbert I fly I want more time Gilbert I fly well Gilbert I
pretty much he and I think you're terrible but the close thing we got you got the jow
okay 12 14 is fine 3 feet WQ I am husband elder one over there there's two M band of the
hooters quarter of Pemberpines in the University in uh Quarrel what Pines in the University
in Pemberpines get it right asshole we got the CD is the best in the of our cassettes
keychains if I can find my little one here and those nippy t-shirts too two one o'clock
here's a mobile and cross-pring hello Neil yes sir good afternoon sir when it started this
did you happen to read the manual post today no I do not okay uh Z 100 the radio station yeah
they're running a transit it's called a hundred thousand dollars those days uh-huh where every
hour they're given away ten thousand dollars so it's twenty fifth-caller right and they're making
a sound like it's for welcome it's for us what they're doing and they're not telling anybody is
that clear channel communications is running this contest for all hundred stations they are
and I think quarter minion figures you say you have a chance to walk this you know
I'm also saying the jackpot is an Eric Husino in the state right thank you
and then I don't they're going to do all of all forty all fifty uh-toney generals I've got to
sue the company because they're not even letting you know who's waiting with contact so they
haven't learned their lesson I mean they were running this a couple of months ago they're doing
the same thing they're doing everything good nice nice cheap channel is that great it's beautiful
okay nice you're good news take your time nice godppe bullshit a lot of things you have the cheap
channel assholes what an outfit and it's not the same cheap channel that we read the other day
that they were cutting staff dramatically in the york at all the stations up there and morale
is in all time well and people are forming it tomorrow yeah that's the same cheap channel ain't it
uh-huh speaking of the post somebody fact this to me from today's post twenty nine poms
california's name of the joint a couple charged with a chaining their two sons the bedposts had a
third child who died about ten years ago and believed to be buried on their property authority said
yesterday investing it as far as what they believe is the boy's grave Tuesday born fragments were
found when they've been out immediately confirmed as humans at Cindy beavers a spokesperson for
the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department John Davis 51 and Carrie Davis 41 told investigators
that the boy rainbow Lloyd was sickly in diabetes about six deputies came to the house Saturday after
the couple 17 year olds on Yahweh called 911 not 316 but 911 to say he and his 12 year old brother
angel were changed up it changed up in the bedroom mostly just the coincidence that they had
always biblical fanatical uh-hocus spoke his name yeah just another coincidence just like
all in pre-skitting aids five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless
wine wine is uh what is that number oh there's a call from Orlando what if that's gonna be real call
that won't be talking about radio here's Miami hello
fine
I appreciate your support very much I want to see what will come out of the
public in this paper in the next few days you'll come down
you know because literally now follow I just don't understand uh
you know we don't control the front of it nobody knows the shoulder press but it might
let these boxes let them come out and buy it right by the time they're there let's get
their recording but what she said well I can't let everybody thing off she said three
four
five
five and let me say it again those neither when you take us on CNN with all your likeability polls okay
stop trying to make a case there because that's not what it's going to be all about you can bet
you bottom down because if that's what it's all about the actual poll about who you're gonna vote for
would reflect that does it reflect that oh no asshole so quit try to spin it before they spin
you ask into the goddamn ground what are they doing the job here's the red land hello
morning good afternoon what's going on what's going on uh a couple of things that no one seems to
mention by the way uh I was a girl supporter because of uh well we have no choice to begin with
and he looked like the lesser of the two who I changed my mind two weeks ago yeah um I am
going to go for more well how's that uh yeah I know but uh it's simply because of the censorship
thing the possibility that uh what's if a door pulled off well what do you mean what's
hip-hop what about Lynn Cheney if we're going to go to wives what about her she's in the same
move in I didn't know of course she is I didn't know she was right there when McCain had the hearings
in the Senate the Lynn Cheney was there speaking that day right alongside to go and all
these other crazy people geez man but it's so we really have no choice right that is that is
correct the one thing we have is both pie said this before couple weeks ago both parties this
year believe in censorship wanted to destroy the first amendment okay one day no one brought up
yet and the other night said to take with me the what's the thing layer just blew the whole thing um
so what's uh our both of the candidates the other night mentions that our commitment to Israel
and and all this crap in the Middle East what's going on over there um how the how's the air of
nation's going to view of uh what the docs do is as a possibility of being our president
that's not a cause all kind of problem now there was a big article in newsweek this week that I
just got yesterday I was on George before the show that the Arab vote is going to be very significant
that there's like a million and a half Arabs in this country and all about that in states like
Michigan there happened to be quite a few and Michigan is like razor close right now real fin margarine
all the other and of course you'll remember that in the first debate Bush made the comment about how
we have to stop discrimination not just against black people but against Arab Americans in Yadi Yadi
and he's been the panoramic and pretty heavy duty and the article pointed out that he's about 20
points ahead in the Arab vote over Gore I can believe that's our what the certainly do you
leave them and did not help on that count I believe in this one on reggaeton he's a whip yeah as far
as I'm concerned he's been a total liability I mean yeah we're we're going to get the old Jews in
the cemetery votes to come out and work for growth but you know something they would have voted for
grow anyway that's true that's true well I decided to me it's it seems like like like before it's
already apparently he's in charge of uh US uh Russian relations yeah and you you know where that's
but of course Bush doesn't know where Russia is on the map so you got a little problem with that
well yeah but he won't ask about it though maybe point him in the right direction and uh come
to have a good wind him up okay good luck to us now okay there's a guy who I think is
legitimately waffling he's you know I understand how many times have I changed my mind on the
year all these months even the month's what I wasn't here does that pay any attention to this
when I wasn't here no no way and that guy that British guy that called before you know it's a free
world to a point you know you're entirely your opinion and if you want to tell me that this is
the best place to live in the audio I'm happy for you and you did make a good point and that is
that if you have a few bucks and you can afford to live in your place of choice a few months of
the year and then like come here when the weather is good what is the weather good here winter
sometimes sometimes better here than than in many other places that's correct and of course
since I bought my mother's condominium huh there you go well I stop I'm thinking about that
Christian probably lived 110 what was that about that putting 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line huh well I'm not going to keep my house when I get out of here it's four
years down the road just order enough for two I'm probably going to sign several new contracts
yeah stay here about another 15 20 years come on here like uh oh hello it's me all again yeah
well why not get over but I was listening out there the listening 400 years speaking of which
you realize the big guy 25 is kind of barged first I just mentioned that for our crack promotions
department and the management here that's going to be a stellar big day and even on that the time
jica and li bruffler and all these other people to try their best to ignore me and ignore this radio
station they won't be able to do that on March number one 25 years in market nothing like wiki
picky but can you imagine how that cap must smell by now you got really be bringing by that if you
know that's right he's in what is that wasn't Jupiter somewhere Uranus Paul we have a he's on
the station with like six watts now for my key that that was the beginning of the end I want to start
on those them uh Cox people again but that was absolutely the beginning of the end when they
screw around with him I'm getting a little tired of that crap I can tell you right now I guarantee you
miss those days miss Ranieri miss coming in there here that blue jacket and that bottle I mean
I even miss Roger my back saw he'll go up now yeah yeah I had some lodges funny she mentioned
he called me at home last time said hey you need new producer so here George is an anti-semite
so I love the juice I said he had a lot of bags and he hung up here's Miami hello
here yes sir I'm I'm an event a little bit can I go ahead listen I just called up a reporter
I overheard you I heard you we had you on listening listening and on your conversation
on it yeah you were doing such a great job I didn't want to interrupt oh because I'll tell you
I have Marty Byron calling me back yeah because if you if you look at the eight section of the
paper you'll see the report and he she's got three columns of supporters for portion not one for
gourd well what pages it's uh there just go to page two a I mean two b and you'll see you'll see
uh George P picture I'll find it I'll get to it well say I'm in drought so I get a
different addition probably than you oh but anyway she's got three telegraphs of all
bush supporters yeah when I asked her like I have to call telehousing for that and when I
asked her I said I even do a follow-up and show the supporters for uh boy she's actually
right everybody's paying down that's a great response he that's right in my paper they wouldn't
do that in drought they want to solve us use off yeah I can't believe she has every single
commissioner for Miami who supports Bush every Miami-Date commissioner and every legislature
a legislator but the thing is she says I can't wait everybody think I said you did
free carnivore for Bush yeah I said are you trying to tell me that you're one sided
and what do you say she says well I I can't continue on this conversation I says off to you later
so I want to Marty Byron uh and then I'm having a call back for me to find out whether or not
he's gonna let this slide or if he's gonna do a follow-up for uh it's part of the hell
panning you and just keep in mind that's in the data edition only so let's get their
pandering and we know they're panning to yeah but the panning the people are not reading their
newspaper and here's the here's the sad part about this whole thing throughout the country according
to this article here this is one thing in Gloucetapa he is winning by 6525 as far as Hispanics across
the country right but he's losing here 7714 oh sure he's saying because nobody's going out there
and when you were hearing me on a telephone there if you were hearing me I was talking to the
Gloucetapa that was one of the managers down here I and I was telling them to get their
butt going to you know show something initiative to fight this kind of advertisement because
this is a different advertising okay okay thanks job keep it up learn how it here's a very
old one that we've already had thanks before but it's kind of cute so please do rabbi and a
preacher on a boat with 20 children the boat starts sinking in a panic the preacher yells the
children the children must save the children the rabbi replies after children excitedly the
preserves but do we have time it's over but it's it's got a problem do we have time five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines yeah we're on the
over there at the Miami here there also want to all you news media people this got for second
bush league farce of a town we want more on that story about the goddamn cops in the prostitution
ring if it's the last thing that we do here on this show we're going to get to the bottom of it
we're going to stick our nose right on it George likes his fingers nose on I don't think by now you
wouldn't on who not after all those porcus been there and that child prostitution ring oh no I don't
course never been answered in no still I don't know if they look like they're like I'll have been
touching them no people like out have no been touching them that that's the most incorrect statement
you've ever made in your life people like out have never been anywhere near them trust me when I
tell you that's why out has the land where we keep putting hands in the newspaper on suspecting
women to try to hook up so we can take them around on a shorter to pretend that he's got the
you know those about disgusting men trust me when I tell you like like Ron Jeremy said since
Al got that apartment answered and he's got nearly as tight as he used to be that's that's what
Ron told me he's pretty disappointed he's pretty bitter about it
viewing this fall on the WB from the makers of meets to parents if meet the cartoons tell us
sir I'm Chelsea's boyfriend it's a pleasure to meet you yeah let me see your pay pay
yeah you're pay pay let me see it oh dad leave him alone no I'm name it show me the goods
right out of he moron to a house in Chappellquah meet the crimson
I'm sorry sir you're the bad guy you call hello no no this is our housekeeper Kyle
a lot of she's just relieving the stress you know I just want to ask you a question but
oh no sit down relax boy we're almost done here top on sports at it hey you want to go next
these little engines the laughs just keep on Kevin show me a big big
company who have five sixty WDQM six hundred and sixty bucks so far today for let me go and
make you in vain out there at the hooters corner of ponds and university in Pembert Ponds
you only get to be another half hour how are we gonna make a thousand with these assholes
get with it best than you'll see using cassettes and he changed and those t-shirts too
another half hour let's get with it here is the facts that broke the camels back thank you that
bless you Jonathan Miles whoever you are she did I tell you that I knew what this was going on
this is set up and and I didn't read I had in the back of my mind thinking that this probably
if it's happening to us it's happening and all these other polls too this is the organization
it's the far right they've been doing this for years far away Rick and all these other assholes
they've been doing this for 20 years now and they load up either they do it by mail or by phone
and now that we have the internet of course it's a much quicker and easier way to screw up all the polls
it says my name is Jonathan Miles I'm a grow campaign volunteer I tried calling your show yesterday
when you were talking that Republican who just rigging their polls I better give the polls out
today I should of what it is right now United States is one of the safest more civilized countries
in the world 53 nobody was worse than most countries in violent 61 a slaughterhouse filled with
gun sure gunless and scumbags 100 okay I rest my case on that but anyway he says well this is
happening all over the internet the Republicans somehow have a team that coordinates about 50 to 80
people who go on a daily basis the places like CNN dot com MSNBC dot com politics dot com WWW dot
Washington Post dot com and many more simply go into the polls section and go three or more times
for the Bush chaining ticket they're using a basic trick most of this polls registered by the
IP address number but they break that easily by hanging up when they dial up again their ISPS signs
the new IP address and then go they can vote all over again because there's somebody else they do
this over and over again I would appreciate if you bring this up to your listeners attention as they
may be going to the places and see polls that look like 70 percent in favor of Bush and 28 percent
in favor of girl like CNN I've spoken with some people who were scared by seeing these polls which
are being manufactured by a well coordinated Republican internet team also if you can encourage
those new to go to these places and cast their votes just the same way Republicans are doing this
vote hang up dial up and vote over we first discovered this at MSNBC where we noticed Republicans
logged like employees to engage in propaganda specific times like it was a job and it was a
handful of about 10 Republicans who logged with tons of nicknames and made it seem like a lot of
different people when it was only a handful it is sad to say there's only one Democratic regular MSNBC
called Texas voter who manages to stay there even though she's our number 10 to 1 the same
things happening in other places mentioned above to a first time visitor MSNBC would give the
impression that everybody's in favor of the Bush team and ticket every internet address that's
on there that is in their list or does polls will be rotated by these people over and over again
to rig every poll on the internet also I'd like to recruit volunteers who have a computer and would
like to dedicate two hours a day on the internet to engage the Republicans in their own game I don't
give my email address which is Jonathan at ISTnetwork.com
Jonathan Jero and ATHA and Jonathan as ISTnetwork all one word ISTnetwork.com
you see what was it we did the polls last year's day I think or whatever it was and we didn't
think about who uh something maybe it was just the reason of our vote for
and up until about six or six thirty it was grow I was well ahead and then all of a sudden here
come votes 50 and not 100 and 150 and Bush has got 8 million votes and of course since I
watched the thing on the internet at home I realized that you know once they start flooding in like
that it's all a put up deal and I just discard them and I go back to wherever it was where you know
the because polls just don't change like that we've been doing this a long time and then we had
the other one the other day about who won the debate yesterday and right in the middle of the
first hour the show I could tell that because Bush was ahead like 80 hours it grows at 83 to 26
and then all of a sudden here comes all these zillions of Bush votes all together like 80
100 in the world and so we said means nothing see this bandwagon philosophy it's part of the
psychology of discouraging people from booming part of the psychology of getting people to jump
on the bandwagon thinking oh yeah everybody else thinks Bush is gonna vote for Bush I better too
especially in a race like this where most people are so unimposient to about both candidates
oh yeah the bandwagon going this guy's way I better jump on the bandwagon and believe me there's
a lot of bandwagon jumpers out there and a lot of poor followers too if the purer looks like
it's really heavily in one way oh yeah well I must be missing something I'm voting for that guy
and these are the kind of people the right wing religious nuts
the holy roars the faith-based assholes as he calls them faith-based cheerity easily idiots that you
have to contend with dangerous 22 the thanks again John 22 before I won a 560 WQA
the Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s cute
my leader never with me
is
do
with
It's the edge of work that's coming from my inner frustration.
A pencil arrives from my heated leaf and lose my bottle of frustration.
It's understood my chance in love, free of gestulation.
First verse.
One big tiny more.
A cold soft horse.
Bime me a hole on the floor on the bar before free ejaculation.
17 to 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
Another 17 minutes from a girl at the hooters on a quarter of Pembroke finds.
Why do I keep saying that?
Pinding University in Pembroke finds.
I don't know.
Civil place for bunch of old folks anyway.
Used to be nice with it at Pembroke finds, Pembroke links.
Then they go to cemetery village.
I know it's like a big deal at the end.
That's why George moved that.
Too many old Jews.
Here's number pines.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
All right.
Listen man, I'm 36 years old and I've always been a staunch Republican.
Yes.
But I got to tell you I am at a total loss.
I don't know how anybody in the right mind to vote for George Bush.
I wish somebody would call and explain it to me because I don't get it.
I'm not saying Gorge is the greatest thing since he's lighting the red nuns.
But then they say he comes off as arrogant.
Well he comes off as at least knowing the issue.
If that's arrogant, then I guess it's arrogant.
That's all media spin.
In other words, if he doesn't just sit back and mumble like you, Lieberman, and the chain you did,
then he's arrogant and he's about some year of trying to show us Marty as compared to the dummy.
Well thank God for Century Village right now because you know who they're going to be voting for.
That's right.
Two or three times.
You know, more power to him.
But you know, somebody, put in lightning, man, because I don't get it, man.
And I'm not lying when I say I've always voted Republican.
I mean maybe that's my fault.
But there is no way on God's green earth I want eight out of nine Supreme Court justices
being right-wing conservatives.
And if people think that they can't overturn things and can't screw up the country they're dead wrong.
You got it.
Wake up people.
Wake up.
Okay, let me go.
See, there you go.
5607.0560, pump 560 on the 18T.
That's 4,500 open lines here.
Just like yesterday.
Right after the debate.
I don't know.
I don't have the opinion.
Nothing.
Just the same as you.
I got to do all the work.
That's what they're paying me.
The big bucks for you to do all the work.
He's flagulating these people and tried, tried to just, I don't know what, tried to knock
some sense, tried to get him to think, tried to get there with the gray matter working.
Anything.
So that was still up 111 in the NASDAQs up about 200, which means that the green span hasn't
spoken yet, of course.
Oh, well, that being nasty.
How many opens up his mouth?
All these nice things.
We've had like three, four good hours here already, since 930 when the market opened this
morning.
He'll screw it up.
Here's Kuro Gables, how long?
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Did that last guy just stole all my thunder?
I'll tell you something.
In NASDAQ, might be up 200 points, but your easily communication group is having a slightly less
acute reaction to the movement.
I'd have to like an eighth of a point.
Is that all?
I don't say my B.
I don't have it.
I don't have one share of it.
Okay.
I'll talk with my superc.
I'll see it on your website.
So, yeah, also a Republican also voting for Gore.
All right.
Yeah, I've got to get a couple of things out of the way here.
Number one, you guys are talking about some of the bad complexions out there in the celebrity
world.
You know there's another surprising bad complexion under layers of makeup is Whitney Houston.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm delighted to hear that.
Maybe sure I know why he's a Bobby Bromkin's beaten the crap out of him.
She's pouring a few hundred creators.
I'll tell you who else has got a bad complexion.
We mentioned just the other day is Dean Keane from Morrison Clark.
He really seen what's his name?
He's got terrible compaction.
You guys have been speaking.
Yeah, I heard you were talking about something with him at Princeton in Brook Shield.
I never heard about that.
Oh, he claimed that Dean Keane popped her cherry with his expression.
I just went, yeah, sure.
He's supposedly quite the magnet though on Hollywood.
Really?
Yeah.
And I know he's doing that show now where he's playing a flamer.
So anyway, I wanted to give you a quick call and just basically go over the fact that, you
know, I see both sides of this thing as pretty ridiculous coming from a Republican standpoint.
I look at Gore as just, you know, again, the lesser of two evils clearly far and away to more intelligent
and visual, the more presidential individual, you know, this whole, the Bushening is just such a scary prospect to begin with.
You look at the guy and you think to yourself, he doesn't even look like he wants to be there.
He looks like he's actually a pot.
No, no, he believes in this entitlement thing.
His name is Bush and his daddy had a lot of money in.
He fell into a lot of money and therefore, because he's Bush, he's in total.
And he just, he just hand me the keys to the White House and that's it.
He doesn't want to go through all of this.
Well, hey, you know, there's a lot of that attitude in this country right now today.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that is a, an actual reality of this country.
And that's part of the reason why you have the driving that you have on the highways around town, down here in South Florida,
because everybody's got this attitude of selfishness that everything is about them.
And there's no decency, there's no respect whatsoever.
I don't know who you blame that for, but there's definitely an issue in this country that is about entitlement.
And people's sense of entitlement.
The bottom line is I've heard some people call up here today and they're just, you know, they're so excited.
They sound like they're going to bust a nut, they're just all worried about what's happening with the Miami Herald and everything else.
Forget about the Miami Herald.
It's a semi-literate newspaper where a bunch of people down here probably won't even end up voting.
Yeah, not about nobody praising the intention that paper anyway.
You know, years and years ago, like about 30, 40 years ago they used to have some clout and they could help people win or lose or better.
They haven't been able to do that in a long time.
They've got nuttents.
Okay, and as far as the press is concerned, the press is decidedly liberal.
That is a fact.
Okay, there might be a few people out there, a few areas in the press.
You mean what's the Chicago attribute?
Are you talking about some guy and T&N?
I don't know who you are.
I don't know how you can say that. I mean, George Will.
Oh, sure. We'll see.
Again, you can name several of your head that will be passing through.
I can name it the column.
I can name it the column.
I mean, look at what we usually, most of us in our sort of city.
We have Cal Thomas, George Will.
Most of the columns that we read in the news, William Sapphire, are conservatives and African-service.
There are a few liberal.
You know, you've got Ellen Goodman as one, she's liberal.
Interestingly enough, though, the people you just named, Neil, are people that someone who is as literate and educated as yourself is aware of.
But the average income poop, who gets up every day and goes off to work and comes home and watches who wants to be a millionaire and survive or on TV.
Yeah.
And hopes that his wife doesn't have a headache that night.
He has no idea what George Will has said for the last six months or the last six years.
He might know who he is because he's with the show.
He's sitting there in the morning on Sunday and then he's listening to it.
He doesn't listen to it.
He looks at the channel, he's looking for an HBO movie that shows a lot.
There's not going to matter as much as the guys that you're listening to.
Most people are listening to what Richard Geert tells them on people magazines front cover.
Most people are paying attention to what I always say in the front of a German wife last week.
And if Hollywood isn't...
It isn't spread before long.
Yeah, and if Hollywood isn't liberal and isn't due control, then I don't know anything at all because that's got to be a fact.
Yeah.
Okay, and...
Well, what do you know? You sound like the Reverend Kennedy.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
And you play sports. Window sports. Martini. I play sports, I play sports.
If we can get Gordon there great, but he's not the greatest things in sliced bread.
Well, he's not going to put a bunch of backers on the Supreme Court.
That's the one major problem that I have with Gordon.
I mean, with Bush, excuse me, besides the fact that he's a complete man.
You know that there's all these powers that are back.
No, that's correct. When you give a war on him.
When you give a man who's obviously manipulated and controlled by special interests, by right-wing special interests,
that's not the kind of guy you want to put in all the federal judges and Supreme Court judges.
Well, ahead of few more things for you.
The last quick thing, and I'll call you another day, these panels that they have when they finish up the debate or riot.
You know, we're sitting there watching it and I live in a room at home and I'm certain to my wife and I'm like,
watch this guy's definitely going to be for Gordon.
Watch this guy. I mean, you can pick him up. There's people are so full of whatever.
The only guy that tells you immediately after we're like, I said yesterday is Dan Rather.
He'll just capsilize it in 30 seconds and tell you we just heard the usual same old sound bites in the trite cliché.
And he's right. Absolutely right.
Yeah, they're supposedly undecided and then the minute they could they start to speak like that guy's record.
That guy's just going to shoot out.
Okay.
You have a great thing in your thigh.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile and full-moderate. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
No, you're great, man. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to tell you, man, what's the anti-crite?
Okay. There's the verification we've been looking for for several weeks now.
Okay, we have 400 open lines here which we got an hour and eight minutes to kill
so I go for my therapy for my hand which is doing pretty good.
I just mentioned that again, not that anybody cares. How's that hand coming?
In fact, Maddie Bell asked me this morning how it was coming. I made a fist in my right hand and just punched his watch right up.
What's he thinking about two feet tall?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Also, Maddie Bell didn't like your anti-ju-show last Friday, huh?
Again, sticking his nose into your...
Every time George does the show and does his usual magnificent crap-disturbing job,
Maddie Bell's got his stick his nose into it.
I guess we're still having nothing to shoot at him.
I'm going to send that he recovered from his ailment so soon.
Here's a mobile and full-moderate. Hello.
Yes, sir.
I still really forget.
Yes?
Which presidents in the late 80s, early 90s had their Federal Communications Commission firing in radio stations or in decency,
including WIODs, Neil Roger and Howard Stern?
Which one was it?
Which president had the FCC finding the same people in the 90s? I thought it was Bubba.
No.
It was Papa Bush.
No, it was... and also Bubba, you didn't hear what I just said.
It does make a difference because they applied the FCC commissioners and the commissioners do whatever they want.
And those commissioners weren't going after indecently?
Yes, they were.
Well, I disagree.
I've only been on the station for three years and we got to find where our define is still pending.
But we got to find the pending now for like 10 grand or whatever it is for our stuff that we played on the show.
By the Bill Clinton FCC.
Someone who was all right once upon a time.
You're right.
In fact, some of which was said to be okay, it doesn't make any sense.
You're forgetting one thing and that is that birth parties now are for censorship.
We don't have any great liberal...
Yeah, that's just eventually you're thinking of. He's not a part of either one of these parties.
So there's nothing perfect there. I believe me.
What the Democratic Party used to do is very, very light years away from being perfect, but it's the buffer.
Okay, keep telling you that.
Keep it looking. I just before him said, keep it in your perspective.
It's not like we got some great spectacular choice out there.
It's the Messiah that's going to lead us to the promised land.
Or I'll say the promised land again because we want to hear about Israel.
But you start talking about Israel is very important.
And stop eating tray fun in the air.
We're going to report it to you by by.
And George is a accountant too.
You notice yesterday I brought up a thing about the Arab and how do we do here?
Any cause about that at all?
That's going to be a poor question tomorrow, which is more dangerous in Arab or in Arab?
Yeah. I understand it. We have a nervous breakdown in Amel Hills.
They thought I said Arabs are going to have an Ok in Arab in Amel Hills.
Yeah, the chicken Arab V.
5.6705.60.5060 on the AT&T.
And take Israel and take the day out and take all of that stuff and stick it in your pipe and go smoke some good weed.
I'm going to get out of my face.
Stop hawking us a china with his nonsense.
And I keep trying to tell you the whole show George then the Friday was a put on.
Steven Gregory was in here yesterday more.
I can congratulate him on doing a big put on and putting one over on the audience.
He's a little thing from Phil. Are you sure I'm positive?
He wanted to admit it now because that'll show what we'll do.
It goes on the hallway and gets some secretary.
Here's Moishi Pupik from Israel and she spoke Hebrew quickly.
Yeah. Yeah. I heard he said Coxalhorso, couple of times.
That's Yiddish. Here's Orlando. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Raj, better religion, better language. Yes sir.
There was a key part in that debate when Goura finally had Bush on the issue of taking the trillion out right now.
Yes. Taking it out of the way. That was right at the end and then Bush says all on an old high school debating tactics is to attack your opponent.
Both. Yeah. He looked at this because he take the trillion out right now, throw it into shittrikes or whatever.
And then the trillion that comes right out right now into cut and so scary paychecks right now.
And he looked and he looked at Jim and he said Jim and Jim instead of lear saying,
Oh, I mean, answer the question. Right. Just answer the question.
Why would he say answer the question Mr. Perinoia like DJ Cobbs would have been the moderator.
Because he finally had him right there. But on this reelection thing in Texas, when he got reelected that time, he keeps bragging about that.
The guy he ran against was so bad and such a poor candidate that the Democrats endorsed Bush.
They just knew there was no way Bush was going to lose that second time.
So there's another. I'm not following on Lieberman. No.
No, he's he's not. Oh, he is he is not relinquishing his Senate seat.
He is continuing to run for that. So it's Gore and Lieberman win Lieberman. That seat will be there will be a public and government.
They forced to show what a stupid move. And then first of all, he's from Connecticut.
The Democrats were already going to win Connecticut. What did they hit him on the table?
Secondly, being a Jew and especially in Orthodox Jews, not going to turn out to be an asset. It's going to be a liability.
And thirdly, like you said, if the Democrats really hope to, especially now that we have the death in Missouri there,
if they hope to win over to the Senate, the fact that they're going to give away his seat in Connecticut is like a death now.
And that was a very poor choice. So, just forget one dick ball.
Okay. Five. Two.
What is the cost of the seven already a QA?
Fortradio 57, WQAMI, heavy fort Lauderdale, a measly blood castle on LHM, WQAM.com with a world known.
I don't wish you never wanted to. I'm ready to be at this time.
Tonight on entertainment tonight. Mr. Gore, thanks for the interview. You look kind of uncomfortable.
Is something you need to do? Number two.
Oh, what do you mean? I know a lot of you have that feeling too.
I'm sorry. Someone's in the wrong room. Can you hold it?
Sometimes. Yes, yes, yes. I am going.
You look like you're in a little bit of pain there for a while. I began to see the future.
Tonight on entertainment tonight. You need in the studio.
You know, I've been there and done that. It was a little surprise.
One out two of five 60 WQM hang out with you from David Bustes to this afternoon.
A priest, a boy scout and the smartest man in the world are in an airplane that's about to crash.
There are only three parachutes on board. The pilot takes one. The smartest man in the world takes another one.
And the priest tells the boy scout take the last one because he's had a full life and he wants the board to live.
The boy says the boy scout the smartest man in the world just jumped out with my backpack.
1,040 bucks today at Hooters.
I shot there Miguel. So we continue racism serious money.
We've got to be right up there about 30 grand I would say. For plan period,
I'm considering our late start. I would say it's pretty damn good if he asked me.
Don't forget our best of the LCDs and cassettes are all at specs.
And you can also order them and the key chains from your margins.com or wqa.com.
So I'll please the boy scout answer it. That was good. The first time I'd have not tried again.
5,6705,60, 0.560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line. How is that pull coming today?
United States is one of the safest more civilized countries in the world.
22.4%, 51 out of 268, 260.
No better worse than most countries for violence 71.
A slaughterhouse filled with gunnuts and scumbags.
127 or 40, 48.8% almost half.
Which means that almost half of our people have been someplace else.
Some place safe like maybe Columbia.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Nice to meet you. This is Bobbie Miami.
Hi, Bobbie. How are you?
Very good. I just want you to know I'm still out of your listening skills.
Hi, after all these years. What was it about? 80 years ago we used to do those shows.
Bobbie Miami with the dating shows.
It was sweet.
But anyway, you know what I was listening earlier. I had just gotten in the car.
And then one of the things that I noticed about being the thing that I did the day
where this when they asked Bush about the man and then with being killed.
So did you notice the expression on his face?
It was almost like the big, big, worst with the tongue hanging out dripping.
And he said, the raven and that kind of thing killed.
Did you notice the look on his face?
Yeah. I'll hear you. I was in the earlier debate.
No, no, it was the last one because all that's right.
You're right. It was the last one.
And he said it about two or three times. And of course he was wrong.
And Gorsha and Neil the monowire there because only two of the three were executed.
And the third one got life in prison.
And the look on his face.
You know, I watched Body Language and stuff and I swear.
It was like the glory of a, that's the body.
Why one of the guys asked him that question?
I guess that was the episode.
Right. Yeah.
And here we are. I'm very nervous about this election now because as you said,
I'm mostly concerned about the Supreme Court.
And when it's rights and the rights of the people, I don't know.
I think we got a shot. I really do.
I hope you like it.
Anyway, it's very good talking to you.
Okay, Bobby.
And to the luck.
Take care.
Bye.
Body Hymn.
That was Bobby Hymn.
We used to do a bathing show things.
Remember those days when you didn't remember those.
No. That was W. Smooth.
I heard about it.
Yeah, but 5.67.05.60.
05.5.60 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line.
Yeah, that's that thing about from Jonathan, which I'm saving this back.
Let me give his email address again.
Jonathan at ISTnetwork.com, all one word ISTnetwork.com.
So we got these right winners who are like,
and it's so sad.
It's pathetic, but it's there you got to understand the mentality you're doing with.
Talk about Venus and unfair.
And it just like the way they try to get bubble from the day that he took office.
From there before you even got sworn in.
They were after him.
And we had the sexual pucker dillows.
And we had white water.
And we wasted $60 million worth of tax money.
And then finally yesterday, well,
totally a main out of knownness and the whole things of power crap and goodbye.
And that was it.
$60 million later.
They tried everything but standing on their head, including giving it.
And it still didn't work.
And for all of his four, there's bubbles of approval waiting there still up there.
And the meantime, we may never got a piece in the middle east,
because it's never going to happen.
But at least, at least they said,
okay, we'll have some mottet again, whatever the hell he said.
He gave it a shot.
He gave it a good shot.
And he said, Jimmy Johnson, we'll go ahead with it to him.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
Mobile in Miami. Hello.
Any idea how are you?
Okay.
First of all, you have a great show.
I would enjoy it every time.
I just think that you have a lot of farming, a lot of things happening there.
I'm going on inside it.
I mean, like you said,
there's nothing good to shoot from right now.
Either the moccata or the public can.
But a lot of people are saying about the bush specifically
that the economy comes from the state, the other stories.
But that's what came from things from the state.
You know, you're not any students and you know,
in Washington.
I mean, at that point, you know,
I mean, neither is Jimmy Carter.
Neither is Ronald Reagan. Reagan was the daughter of California.
Neither does Franklin Roosevelt,
nor does the governor of New York.
Exactly.
You know, he's throwing it at that point.
And then about a little man,
I mean, you have to know whether or not he's going to wear the bike podium.
So he's going to get a reservation in the center.
You know, so good.
I'm not talking about covering you ass, yeah.
Right.
All right.
I mean, you have a good day.
And back to you.
Of course, you know,
and then the business,
you know, how the hell were they comparing to Kennedy?
I almost died when I heard them talking about that.
Oh, that's right.
It was that Bill Schneider,
we're going to see him in that idiot.
He's always analizing the pool.
I think somebody ought to even analize his pool.
Talking about the Kennedy Nixon debate,
and then comparing Bush to JFK,
I mean, seriously,
I'm waiting for Lloyd Benson,
even though he's dead.
Make a comeback, Lloyd,
to come up there and say to Bill Schneider,
I knew John Kennedy and guess what?
George W. A. No John Kennedy.
He had a little school kid knows that.
Can you imagine that?
Comparing his likeability.
I mean, JFK didn't just have charisma.
I mean, he was a leader like him or not.
At least he had enough personality to convey it
and convince people to pull a little over our eyes.
And think that he wasn't really screwing around all that time,
that he was doing something meaningful.
And let me say it again, what did I do with that time?
I want to read it on your every goddamn day.
Because this is one of the most important parts of the selection.
If you want religious fanatics running this country,
then by all means vote for George W.
Direct quote, John F. Kennedy.
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state
is absolute,
where no religious body ceases to impose its will directly
or indirectly upon a general populist,
where every man has the same right to attend or not attend
the church of this choice,
whether we know Arabs in Hollywood,
whether they are, how seen like it or not.
Yeah.
And this business about what is the faith-based cheerleader,
all that crap,
just it's just called for the religious right.
Just like the thing about school vouchers,
called for Peruvial school, churches, churches.
That's what we're talking about.
That's correct.
That's suck it up to his damn religious right buddies.
The Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell and James Dobson crowd.
Which is what seemed to me that Mr. Dobson's got enough trouble with his own
with a one-aid that was caught in the John Paul Kai
caught in the gay bar up there.
And then the other guy there today that was found to be a hanky-panky,
having an affair ahead of Quiddins,
is the right-hand man, the trout man.
Yeah, the trout guy.
Couldn't keep his trout in his trousers,
that only was the problem.
Adulterers, closet queens, you name it.
That's what you got with that crowd.
9 minutes after 1 at 5.60 WQA-M.
It's a lie. I am not an oxy.
And now the first question,
as determined by a flip of a coin,
it goes to Vice-Croson's board.
Vice-Croson's board, you have questions,
whether Governor Bush,
as the experience to be president of the United States.
What exactly do you need?
You go to do boom boom boom boom boom boom.
Good luck, you do.
Governor Bush, one minute of the battle.
I've got a whole lot of work to do.
I can't take it to the other side of the world.
Is it fair to say,
okay, the differences between Vice-Croson's board
and George W. Bush,
Governor Bush of the follow.
You are for doing something on the consumption end.
You're for doing something on the production.
I'm telling you, let me clarify.
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Governor Bush.
If elected president,
would you try to overturn
the FDA's approval last week
of the abortion bill?
Are you 46?
Oh, God, I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm a little,
I'm going for law.
I'm going for law.
I'll go for the Supreme Court press in an moment,
but make sure I understand your position
on our U486. If you're elected president, you come to a point
with the FDA, you want to support legislation to overturn this.
Thank you Governor Bush, Vice President Gore. See you next week.
And for now, some balls cannot give well. Thank you.
Thank you.
What's 15 at 5.50 WQ at 5.505, 505, 505, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from San Jose, California, allegedly. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Good afternoon, Neil.
I'm Mike Queen. Yes, sir. Good morning. Happy New Year, how are you?
Okay. I'm a little concerned about people in California.
There's a big grounds for all the support here for Ralph Nader.
And they don't really realize that a vote for Nader is a vote for both.
That is correct. Well, you better spread the word, get that sign out.
I'm telling you, the tree harvest here seems to think that Ralph Nader is some kind of solution.
Let me ask you something. What county in California is Ralph Nader going to win?
Zero.
Right. Absolutely zero. How many elected votes is Ralph Nader going to win?
Probably next to none. No, zero. Just like about how successful Goy is going to be in Dearborn, Michigan with all the Arabs that you touched on.
Right. Can we switch gears to hockey for a second?
Yes. With Erdog Lwango. Last night.
By the way, the San Jose, what the hell is the name of the Goy to play for San Jose last night against Dallas?
And he's in the back of.
Oh, man, did he play with you? I don't get it. I don't get it. He has played. He was raised.
You know, he could feel, he could take Steve Shield's job.
Yeah. He played phenomenal.
He has played phenomenal because we thought, you know, no, no, no, still Shields comes back.
Shields is skating again this morning, by the way, big deal. But with Erdog Lwango, my work takes me to Portland and Seattle,
and I've become a big fan of junior hockey.
Right. And I saw the memorial cup in 98 and with Erdog Lwango just got blown out in that tournament.
Yeah.
He didn't say that great with the islanders and then seeing him sitting in the back of a net last night in overtime.
I mean, it's just by the man.
I didn't see him.
You could watch if he wasn't at lead out by you, but with me at the after two period that went to bed.
Which was your wife's choice.
Yeah. Yeah. If you follow in the panthers, absolutely.
But I don't know if you could see the replay for a try to get out, so end to end at the end over time.
And seeing Staddle's a monthly time, he coughed a pop up. He's out to check his guy.
And, and Joe Juno, who's washed up for five years.
Right.
But, but, it is. I mean, do you think Lwango is a man?
I don't know. I mean, I, the part of the game that I saw, he played pretty good.
And he gave up no goals by the time I stopped watching.
Yeah, it was people's goals.
You only had 24 shots left.
And I saw some of the games he played with the others last year. He looked pretty damn good to me.
Well, the islanders got the lodge.
So, I just don't know if he's a man.
And I, I know seeing him in the memorial kept getting blown out and...
Yeah, but you got to keep on thinking, mind the problem.
I keep telling people here.
The problem with this team is not good, and he gets new friends.
Oh, is that problem for most teams in the NHLs?
That is correct. Like the Leafs.
The go-to guy here is Gary Souter. He's, he's washed up.
What is that? He's only 100 years old.
Yeah, he's fine. And then he got a couple of sleeves, you know, like Don Cherrick says,
they go in the corner where it does an exit, come out with him in tact.
Uh-huh.
One last thing that...
But it's for breakfast, though.
Oh, yeah.
One last thing, sir.
Say hi to my, uh, your, our mutual friend Dominic, the plumber.
Isn't he great?
Dominic, the plumber?
Yeah. Didn't he come and do it?
He told me he came to you half and did a clog for you.
Well, maybe when I wasn't there.
Oh, okay, pal.
All right, good luck, you're welcome.
Thank you.
Dominic, the plumber.
It's not one of my close-personal friends, uh, him, eh?
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
What?
Do you remember anybody named Dominic the plumber?
I don't.
Maybe he knows Izzy.
Oh, that one is Izzy again.
Izzy would be calling again.
You know, great guy Izzy, but, uh, bug off.
Good in my roof.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and flyer.
Are they talking hockey against?
We want to hear about Izzy.
And that relentless set of a bitch is talking about a hockey stuff.
Nobody here cares about that.
What's wrong with him, sir?
What's wrong?
People want to talk about the Middle East about Izzy.
They say, uh, powder keg.
It's, uh, yeah.
So waste of time.
Any word that you might utter about it is just, uh, energy expended for not.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Oh, and I was just seeing.
Can?
Is it seeing me?
That's that page, yeah.
Hey, hey, hey, me, how you doing?
And then he could candy boys lately?
Anybody out there buying good walks lately?
Have you, have you, have you seen some stand-alone lately?
No, I have not.
In fact, I, you know something all that money that, uh,
Mitch Hershers losing me in the market, the interest on the $2,000 probably ought to get me even by now.
Yeah, is it odd?
What?
Okay.
Whatever.
Anybody know what he said?
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
Yeah, that's what I thought he said.
Did you mention where people could get the power of the Galadok?
I said in a bookstore or...
That's the website.
Did you read that?
Oh, that's what I was talking about.
E, uh, E, E, E, I, O, U.
I don't know if I kept that one.
I had somebody damn faxes today.
Uh, it was E.
Something.
Something that you would like a classroom or like a, um, I don't know.
You got to got it for $8.40.
Somebody I can find it here, huh?
There it is.
The website is e-campus.
See, I told you, campus.
That has something that you would like, uh, yeah, a school or school.
E-campus.com.
$8.40 in French shipping.
E-campus.com.
Because a lot of the books there is evidently a lot of it.
I wonder why that is, huh?
One of the books there is that run out of a public house, a great book.
It's got a red and yellow cover on the front and bush pointing it as forehead like an ass.
I think that is our show, the morning, a direct quote from George W.
Grand Rapids, Michigan, January 11, 2000.
And if you think that quote is dumb, what can you read a lot of the other ones in the book?
See, and you notice one thing now one person, now one bush person has called this show and denied that Bush is dumb.
They've come with all the said of her beads and all these other excuses.
But now one person has denied that it is dumb because he is dumb.
There you have.
It makes sense, you know what I mean?
I told you, I always make sense to me.
I did again right there. They don't deny that he's them because he's dumb. It's like I've had a player dog crap right here in front of me
And we have 50 people from on the building come in not one of them would deny that it was dog crap
It's brilliant. Yeah, and it smells like crap. Oh, that's right. Maybe Josh Friedman was here
Here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. You keep repeating this thing from Kennedy
I'd like to remind you whether I've been Steven since then. Yeah, it's not the Pope
I fear it's the pop and I think the same phrase might apply in this
racist corner now
What do you think?
5605 60 Pomp 560 I was either we can sort of pop. No, it's the booze that I feel not the pop
She's have enough from upstate New York or Canada anywhere at the top hot. No, it's not
no, it's less
No, it's what it's pop in the North West. It is it sure
It's a long time to start saying so to all now. Let me just tell you one thing when I like to Michigan state
I had these assholes of my roommate one of them and these assholes from New York who think that the whole like the world series now
Oh, yeah, everybody's all whipped up. No, I'm not whipped up a lot. I don't care who wins more power to them
But get out of my life. I don't care the rest of the world most of us don't care about New York
And so when we would refer to one and of course we had to say our all areas look at what are right on cue with a stupid Yankee
Cat Joe Castello
Who thinks that Maria by the rumours we were trying to because she looks mostly like you're watching in Christine Aguilar
But anyway, so the thing was soda pop
Now in New York if you go in and for a soda
New York City room you get an end cream you get like ice cream soda
Now what are they the potato colors pop in New York?
Back myself and it would corner cuz I haven't been in New York in a long time. Thank God
And I don't see Rudy Julian in the storm troopers, but I don't know what the hell they call
Coke coke everything was coke nobody's not what what if you want an orange soda coke
It's not orange orange orange
Oh, yeah, see the New Yorkers when they would tell us how to speak properly like them
Right that this is correct
Well, I was a Michigan state all these assholes from New York even at their young age even at teenagers
They were very arrogant enough not just and would tell us this is the right way it's done by real people
And I will think to myself. Yeah, but you're from New York. I thought you said real people in fact my roommate wasn't even from New York
He was from Ken of why New Jersey. I do like that
Here's baby hello and guess what my roommate's name was Tom Davy
Davy hello
Okay, good. I must have been Tom right there. Get out of here Tom. You ugly
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines
Out of town line is open did we ever get to call from Orlando and they go by like I never got to a dinner
Huh cuz those calls from Orlando are always bad
I don't in all my life and 25 years in this market and I think I ever had three real calls from Orlando
It's always about about your radio groupies and a bunch of stupid crap
God is at a horrible place that makes it makes campus and Pete look like Manhattan
Speaking of New York looks like a bunch of sophisticated did anybody any New Yorker call in tell you what they call like a soda
Like what we call soda like a cocoa a Pepsi was it with the anybody call tell you they said soda
Well, that's not what CM continues now pop they don't say pop
Here's somebody tell us all yeah, yes, sir Neil
Yeah, in New York New York City, a soda could refer to anything Coca-Cola cream soda
I have an ed cream upstate New York. They refer to it as pop pop they do in Michigan right or in
Oh, or in Ohio right okay. I don't know about the Pacific Northwest
But up in the northern you know Midwest it's all pop but in New York, or soda is any kind of a carbonated drink okay
Thanks, thanks a lot. Yeah, I feel better now
No, too. I was confused about that because I thought I knew what I was talking about like that. I don't know
You know just in which you might go back to New York anytime. No, I don't want to go there too many goddamn people
load the生
Big
This is 560 QIN.
This is 560 QAL.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Sports Radio.
560 QAS.
And...
This is a clever, simple,
reminding you to join us every Friday and Saturday night at the Orrhus.
So the fast dance party around.
Or, you know,
the Orrhus brings you the fast and music from famous DJs such as
Good luck, Mark.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Oh, yes, Jerry.
Cool.
And you, your bow.
I'm so excited.
Orrhus, you know.
Stop on by when the Orrhus is really lovely.
So I'm Thursday night at C.J. Rat-F, present.
The loose style of time times.
They were...
The Orrhus is open every night from 10 until 3.
The Orrhus is...
It will do our year away.
It will do our year away.
Orrhus is...
1.31.560 WQ.
And here's a fact from Lulu who says,
you mentioned the WS News days, Jerry.
You don't have any idea what happened to Sandy Payton.
Haven't heard anything about her in a long time.
You know why her show is not anymore.
Appreciate it Lulu.
Although reason she's not anymore on anymore is because her show is sucked.
That's number one. She had no audience number two.
And number three, she ran away with Amdyship's body.
Is doing what I'm hearing.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Then, to pick up what we left off with this thing that was packed to me yesterday,
this is pretty good stuff.
About which ethnic group, which Nation Nation out had the most sex.
American Ted sex, most often this year,
while older teens and younger adults in Japan did the least.
Most sex people said they learned about sex from their mothers,
while the Americans attributed their knowledge to their fathers.
Father, can you help? I'm sorry.
Most Italians said that we're told about sex by their brothers and sisters,
while French gave credit to their bed partners.
Americans were the earliest half sex in average of 16.4 years,
followed by Brazilian 16.5, the French 16.8.
The French also seen that the most sex partners
claimed that it was 16.7 each.
The Greeks were seconded with 15 partners.
Black tone each, followed by Brazilian 12.5 and Americans at 11.8.
How you spell them that?
Indians were the most faithful to their partners,
with 82% in their head, sex with only one person.
The survey said 61% of those age 16 to 20,
and 52% of those age 21 to 24 prefer condoms for contraception,
and the purpose not to police about that.
13% of respondents said they used no former contraception at all,
while 8% said they used natural methods.
8% said that most men thought Americans felt Modana and Jennifer Lopez
were the sexiest female solubrities.
How do you like that?
Supermodel Cindy Crawford and actress Demi Moore,
who used to be Demi Moore,
but is now Demi Moore, who died for second place while Judy Roberts ranked third.
Titanic star Kate Winslow, the former Spice Girl,
Jerry Hallowell, was elistensable,
getting just 2% of the votes while Kenneth A. Stiffy graph was just a notch better with 3%.
So Cindy Crawford and Demi Moore.
Going to Luis Comis.
We'll wait up there.
Modana and Jennifer Lopez, wow.
I hope nobody in this crowd had a big lunch.
Where are we going here? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir. I'm Camille.
Yes, I am.
Long time airport. Everyone still loves you at the airport.
Thanks for the guy to be here.
I didn't have to tell my good friend to their candidate.
Yeah, hey, you got it. I'm in Fort Lauderdale that way.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was reading one of the papers from New York like the poster, one of those ragged.
Right.
And they had an article about the embezzling priest or whoever it was.
You ever heard about that one?
Well, it could be another one. I mean, there's so many.
Oh, it's one of them, the big guys in New York, one of the main, you know, in the month of the year.
But one of those...
Oh, the only investment priest I remember was a few months ago in Tampa. So this is another one.
Oh, this is brand new $2 million.
Oh, right.
The church turns around, smuggled him to Canada for a retreat.
So you can reflact upon his...
So he can be truly giving, yeah?
Exactly. So the church, you know, they didn't even wait for any, you know, kind of investigation.
Let me just get off.
Gradually and hauled him right to Canada.
Really?
Well, they said in seven New Mexico, it's getting pretty crowded with those guys there.
That could be.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
We love you.
Okay, let's go to the Gore.
See ya.
Brother, you have a normal long-awaited boy.
I'm a captain.
Okay.
135 at 560 W.Q.A.
560 7.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Tank Gorge at Devon Buster's at 2 with good old Bino cook at 5.
Good hotline from Braven Honda at the 6 o'clock.
The lines in the bucks through the United Football at 8 o'clock at 8 o'clock after NFL football.
Got it?
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
Hello, me?
Yes, sir.
You know, just because you know, a good public speaker doesn't mean you wouldn't have a good
problem.
Yeah.
I mean, Braven was a great public speaker.
I'm sure you wouldn't want to work for him.
So what does that mean?
That just because Bush is not a lot of...
It's not a question whether he's a public-group public speaker.
It's a question of this.
He knows the fact that there's already substance to him.
That's not how he articulates.
He had graduated from Harvard with an MD.
He didn't graduate from Harvard.
So he graduated from Yale.
Well, same.
Yeah, yeah, same difference.
And he only got into Yale because of the fact that there were a bunch of blue noses up there.
They were the bushes.
And he graduated with what they call a gentleman C.
You better do your homework, sir.
A gentleman C, which means he really probably flunked every class.
But a gentleman C means they gave him like kind of their own affirmative action and passed them on, too.
Because that he would have been upset and probably paid a lot of money to get him his degree.
Got it?
So Harvard, just because he's illiterate and just because he can't put a sentence together,
that doesn't mean he's not going to make a great president.
Yeah, look at the last dummy we had in their Gerald Ford.
Was he a great president?
No.
He had great congressman from Michigan.
Oh, no.
140 years in the goddamn House of Representatives never introduced one meaningful piece of legislation, Gerald Ford.
The best thing he was known for was that I beg your pardon.
And even got those two broads in California all pushed off.
Squeaky from, what was the other one?
Come on, squeaky from, and the other one was just days apart.
I think it was during Hallowe.
Yeah, she wanted to spice it up a little bit.
I'm not the only one that I know.
Well, I know the squeaky from.
I remember that was because the squeaky, she said the squeaky veil gets degreased.
That's what they said, the Hollywood movie.
And the next one.
Here's the lady in Tandoach.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm here.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Did you read in the opinion, sir?
I'll read in the opinion, sir.
I'll read in the opinion, sir.
Thank you.
Did you read in the opinion section this morning with the son about the presidential issue opposing the National English, the official language of the United States?
No, he did not.
I'd like to hear some feedback on that about the House of the Trump because it's very, very good.
What did it say?
It says that Bush and Greer opposed making English to the official language of the United States.
It's funny that you should bring that up because they had a big piece on the New Year of the Night about the fact that even the bilingual advocates in California,
after 30 years of not being effective, they've discovered that by making it illegal to have bilingual education, that the Mexicans and the other kids coming in are learning much, much faster.
The greatest test scores in not only English but in math are much improved and they're doing much better.
bilingual education doesn't work.
Well, and the finishes are off, sir, by saying which is just heading to me.
It makes a difficult for the new arrivals to America who have not mastered English as a primary language, as you said.
They have to be immersed in English immediately. That's still the key.
Well, I don't understand the proposal yet, sir.
Because they're pandering.
You should understand.
They're pandering.
There you go.
Very simple.
Have a great day.
Very simple.
I mean, the AC says the 15th of I'm sorry.
Isn't that what George W. said?
But he's reinventing the Spanish language.
I mean, can't say who else can say that, but the AC says just because he's not a good public speaker.
Now, yeah, yeah, you're right.
I forgot about that.
Christ, it's too close back.
21 before 2 at 5, 60, WQ, and...
Maybe you know my jockey shorts.
Now, from Washington, the McLaughlin group featuring Eleanor Cliffs, Jack Jamon, and sitting in for a Pat Tukin, New York Giant Cheeky Barber.
Now, here's John McLaughlin.
Here's you on, George W. rings or vaults. Eleanor Cliffs.
Well, John, I'm not good-sac.
Wrong! Jack Jamon!
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong! Cheeky Barber!
I'm gonna have to say the wrong.
Wrong! Actual answer.
Wrong exercise.
That wasn't me when I was two.
Next, initial! Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bring in the noise. Bring in the funk or cats.
Eleanor, do you think you're thrown off?
Well, John, I know that's the same.
Wrong! Jackie, Jackie, Benjamin Jamon.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong! Cheeky Barber.
I'm gonna have to say, not a choice.
Read the Cheeky Barber.
You gave it extra last time. That wasn't a choice.
Wrong! Correct, response.
Cats.
He loves them.
Next, initial!
The cats, the big brothers, should be murdered.
How? Eleanor!
Get with the sound!
Wrong! Check your mouth!
Dynamite.
Wrong! Cheeky Barber.
I don't think they should be.
Cheers.
Wrong! Actual answer.
Poison pudding.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Here's the best.
144 at 5.60 W.M.
Like I said, nothing like a fashus to a good sense of humor.
Wow.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to let you know I'm hearing buffalo eating a sandwich in some pot.
And I'm so glad to tell you I am definitely both gone.
And I just wanted to say that George Bush is a collagulated pust on a rectum of America.
Okay, thank you.
I guess we finally got the diagnosis.
Thank you for waiting on that.
5.6705.60.560 on the 18 and teen Verizon wireless line up pool today.
The United States is one of the safest more civilized countries in the world.
76 only 22.2 percent are foolish enough to make an erroneous statement like that.
No calls about that Italian kid that got shot here.
Goes home and we come here healthy.
Smile on his face.
Goes home in a wheelchair crippled for life.
No better or worse than most countries for violence 92 28.1 percent.
A swatterhust filled with gun nuts and scumbags 158 48.3 percent.
And all this garbage about the second amendment rights and about the right to have a gun.
And all this just like I had a fact yesterday which I wouldn't even dignify with a response but I'll bring it up now because it's finally.
And any odd effects about why you know in Germany that took away all the guns and then George pointed out before in cash store.
You know it's the first thing to take away people's guns but you know something if everybody in this country had a gun.
How effective would they be against the tanks and against the neutron bomb?
You think you have much of a chance?
No.
I don't think so.
It's just another lame excuse for this country continuing to hang on to that wild west mentality that much your thing.
That's a lot of simple thing.
All these guys with their guns, the more guns they got the smaller their penises.
I'll play that right now.
So watch out.
That's right.
I thought getting rid of mine would make it grow but it didn't.
Here's the lady in high a little.
Yes ma'am.
You're my radio guru.
I need you to unconfuse me about something.
Yes.
All these people that are calling in and saying that they're undecided.
What are they waiting for?
They think that the boomer's party is going to register a catty rose without for something that's the last minute.
That's a good idea.
Let's go kill some more Indians.
You know we win everything that is out there is out there.
You've got to pick up at a point you can't just wait to let them.
Yeah I don't understand these.
When they do these focus groups there are a couple of people that will say well you know I thought that girl was going to and I thought Bush an education was there.
And then I'll say well then if you know I still I'm waiting to hear what you're right.
What are they waiting to hear?
Maybe they're waiting for some guidance.
What color?
Blood they each have.
That might be a good idea.
I don't think Bush is giving that willing to take the blood test though. That's what I'm here.
No you're in test though blood test.
We're rushing so far to the right that by the time if they wait for the next presidential election they'll probably have to take a litmus test paid base to find out if they can get a card to vote.
Thank God for that apartment in Amsterdam that's all I'm telling you.
Oh yeah.
Might be moving in next door.
Good luck sweetheart.
You too.
I'll still be.
Oh that's what I forgot.
Maybe I was listening on the computer over there maybe Peter.
Maybe my landlord Peter what a great guy he is.
Hope you got that thing straight now with that TV said Peter.
You know what I mean?
Yeah they probably listen right now.
I'll say what is that bag on a radio from Miami?
That's what he does for making all that money.
But you're squeezing out of this pocket.
Speak and squeezing money out of your pocket.
How about stuff a little bit in there?
What are you saying?
Let me just get out.
Let's go.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
Live 60s.
Q.A.M.
Holy cow.
Aaron's coming.
This is a story of a girl who's out in the bathroom.
I'm a new goal.
She got got got got got it all.
Why is body right?
She can't smile.
It's what she was waiting for.
And now she is so wealthy.
Here for my girl.
That's the first piece of a piece.
No, we're far.
And it's died, died, died.
And that's the sad bit of a song.
Thinkin' if I had to do that all for sure.
I'm a piece of 150 mils.
150 or 550 WQA.
I'm Joe Castellas right around the Yankees in four.
Yankees with.
Well, I just said you said it.
I don't mind if I have my call for it.
But if you're going to be out one around the wagon and go for the swoop.
And then if they lose one, Yankees in five.
I don't like either team.
Okay.
And since they're both from New York, I don't have this thing about New York like George does.
He just got this in Romans house.
And he's like, I'm just really talking about this.
Let me give you a look like that.
You've always said you hate New Yorkers.
I hate New Yorkers.
Yeah.
You hate New Yorkers.
No, I mean, that's not that sad.
That's the problem with New Yorkers.
New Yorkers that there are a lot of New Yorkers there.
It's like the problem with France.
It's still with Frenchmen.
I love the New Yorkers in New York.
Yeah.
Because they go the way they do it.
And they have not just one.
They came here while we know that.
And of course, like George says, there's a lot of Jews there, which he gets very upset about.
560-0560.
0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I say I leave the George right in the middle of Brooklyn right between the Haasudem and the Alessa Orthodox.
And let him straighten that out.
Maybe he can do the negotiator.
Yeah, you maybe he can play Pinochle while I'm doing the negotiator.
Here's Parkland.
Hello.
Neil God, hockey day here.
Yes, sir.
I'm a little calm down now, but I want to do a kind of rip into that asshole called earlier about.
Before I was down.
Yeah.
You know, the guy he's going to do is research.
Even though the Longo played for the Islanders last year, I don't think anybody could have looked good on Long Island last year.
For them to go through two periods and then in five minutes into the third period,
give up a goal against a team like Phoenix.
Right.
And only give up two goals yesterday.
And then I guess this guy forgets that the one goal that he gave up, well, made a bad clearing pass.
Someone else, somebody skated and that pretty hard to stop their own.
Yeah, I mean, what does he want?
That's not a Kirk McClain who's given up 14 goals in the last 13 three games for New York.
Yeah, these people just don't understand that our problem is not in it.
See, the trade, I was real excited about the trade, but only Yoke and him so far shows me nothing.
That's number one.
And number two, if you're going to trade away a kid like Mark Parrish who scored a lot of goals,
you've got to have somebody else who's going to score for you.
And the fact is you've got Brey and Whitney who scored goals.
And who else have they got to score goals?
Nobody.
And that's the problem.
I mean, I thought it was a terrific trade, but you've got to replace Parrish with somebody that can stick the biscuit and the basket.
And we don't have that.
Right. And this guy also has to look at the longer goal in 21 years old.
You know, he's a kid and he's only going to get better as he goes.
Right.
And speaking of kid, we got Trevor kid.
You know, whichever one is hard at the moment we got, which most things don't have a luxury.
I mean, at least there's something happening to Curtis Joseph.
We got to fall back on Glenn Healey, which quite frankly, I'll pass on that, thank you.
Right.
You know, and I was excited, you know, at least I figured it would be a blowout last night, the way they've been playing.
Yeah.
I figured they'd be able to be tomorrow on the first.
Which we were going to lose 10 to 1.
Yeah.
And to lose it over time, 2 to 1, you know, we still get the point.
You know, I'd like to see them win a game.
It would be nice if they win a game because if not, the next Wednesday, when the next home game comes, we'll be able to have a long section.
That's it. You know, four games in the season.
Everybody's giving up on the theme already.
Yeah.
So that's it, Neil.
But it'll be fun having a new coaching GM the one.
Hey, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
I'm answering a lot of that show only to see the theatrics that he puts on John McLaughlin and the end.
That's my favorite part.
Because he's always rushed, always rushed for time and he'll be in the middle of the set.
Bye bye.
Love it.
I'll hit her.
Bye bye.
If I hit that one, hit what you used to say.
Everybody got on the train.
Bye bye.
They're just going for a ride.
He'd usually get that big smile on his face.
Hey, what's yours?
And he gets that big smile on his face.
There was some going in there where there were gypsies and a bunch of fags to hold up for himself.
Put that up.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
First time calling Neil when I want to make you aware of something.
Okay.
Thanks, sir.
Me immensely.
I am an independent code.
I lo and behold the other day I go to my mailbox.
Here's a letter from my best friend, sarcastically, said, Barbara Bush.
I opened the letter and lo and behold, she had four pages, a whole meal, telling me about
George how he tried to get his wife pregnant.
She had the two twins, the hot time that she had.
Yeah.
I took a rebroady thing up and threw it in the waste paper.
Maybe that put you over the edge.
I took a part.
I said maybe that letter in the mailbox put you over the edge.
It certainly did to you away from your pudding bush.
I said maybe it chased you away from the burning bush.
It certainly did.
You know where my daughter's being cast?
Yes.
That's where.
Go out.
There you go.
That's the only way to get back at these people.
I think there's a three days.
Papa, mama and real George.
And just like Gore said the other day, the first time was too cold and then too hot or whatever
was in there, not just right.
Right.
And this problem is here on the wall.
