What's Gary like doing tonight?
And who are you guys watching out?
That's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero.
Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the hell!
He's Paul Ahuckins, the true mother of the elephant fan.
It's in the hell!
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Matt Henry?
It's in the hell!
Is Jim Baker about to get birthday jelly fall well, baby?
It's in the hell!
Sex, sex, sex, more!
Ahuck!
It's in the hell!
Well, Gary hearts an amazing lifestyle from Florida.
A croffle and fuzzle but has no answers.
Our own Pulitzer size is just for us.
I'll pump some level letters to Neil Wacher.
And we're so sorry Uncle Albert but we haven't heard a bloody thing although.
Blindly, happily rhetoric.
It's all in the latest issue of the Miami hero.
Available at Supermarket checkout counters everywhere.
And we're finding the new wrist grip.
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Ahuck!
Oh right.
I was like a super patient.
Oh right.
So we've got an old book of examples as well because we're very close in the world now.
pieces of hate mail in the history of my life. This is classic. Everyone in the building
has read it. We've taken a survey. And except for Scroo-Wen, everybody in the building says,
oh, we know who wrote that. Pete Lenny. Well, that's a name on it. But anyway, we'll get
to that in a second. Thanks to Eddie Kaye, Ed Kaplan, Good Guy, like
I always told you, coming through with a nice fat check for plan period of thank you, Eddie.
One of the very few on-the-air people as a matter of fact, here at Q-In, that came
through for us this year. Because the rest of the people I guess are having a tough time
covering all those bets. But anyway, Eddie Kaye comes through. Speaking of plan
period, it will be at the pizza lot between six and nine p.m. tonight. Miguel will be there
with bells on, signing his autographs. We got those buttons. Not the key chains, dummies,
the buttons, the ones with my push on them. They're free. And then we got the best needle
CDs and because if we have numbers, do we have a new total or anything? Miguel, he's
working on it. He's total, too. He'll be going to get it. But at any rate, so that's our
only appearance this year for plan period, because I figured we'd maybe have been ways
a few bucks. And not only that, but why not go out there and get a nice free meal? Because
that's what we specialize in here at Q-In, from his feed meals. Free anything. Free for
us. Not free for you folks out there. When you show up tonight between six and nine, you'll
have to buy your own food. But we'll have free buttons and free autograph cards and some
Dick and Sider T-shirts maybe. Well, that's right. And Dick and Sider T-shirts, if our buddy
bombs you as upwards you city would. And I'll give those out to him, everybody please.
So what should I do first? Should I do Kevin Baxter? I get knocked. Well, I'll save Kevin
Baxter. Hey, guess what Kevin the light bulb ain't on the air anymore. You bowzo. This
is so typical, so perfect to this town. And wouldn't you know the hero today, just like
we predicted yesterday, they have their editorial and they don't want to go too far. And then
the hero and the ground edition, it's like the second editorial. I'm not sure about the
day edition, whether they switched the editorial page around. It's like the second editorial
down about how we, you know, this thing with a stadium then, but it'd be better, but the
most important thing is we got to get it done. We got to get it done. And I've got a
whole different philosophy about it today. What the hell was I getting all better shape
about a yesterday for? I was getting psychotic about it. Why? I notice even Hank went on
a little bit of a soapbox in the thyroid. It sounded like me talking when he was talking
about textbooks and schools and you know homeless people all this stuff. Priorities. But
I'm not going to change the priorities of the American public or the people in South Florida
or the God damn politicians in Dave County or the people who live in Dave County. If that's
what you think is important. Our survey though didn't seem to agree with that. Do you support
the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins? We had 841 votes quite a few if he acts
me. 612 said no. No way. 72.7% said no. 229 said yes, that's only 27%. 73 to 27% said
no. I saw Channel 10. I was at the track last night and I flipped the flipping around
on the channels. They're looking for Northfield homes. It got snowed out. But anyway, Channel
10 had a survey of their own and they broke it down by Dayton Broward and their survey
which much closer of course because probably the Marlins lickers were the ones who were voting
on that thing. One thing about the polls just like the Penny sales tax member that our
surveys on those are hell of a lot closer to reality because it's not just the sports
that it's voting. It's our whole general audience to group halls out there. And the whole
general audience to group halls says no, we don't want this. We don't want to be subsidizing
any more millionaires or billionaires especially at a time for example. Good example is Wayne
and I heard the good news guilty head on this morning that maybe the island is going to
offer built to a job up there and that maybe we'd want to bring them back and the read
with the whole they are or whoever the hell it was. I'll pack them a bow tie and a sandwich
and the whole organization. But in the meantime, the fans are being held hostage again even
after building $182 million of beautiful arena stayed to the out up there for ball day in
his team after he threatened to take them out of town because guess what he's unloading
them and he's got a buyer one or two guys on the hook and the deal evidently is getting
very close. But we still have where held hostage because Tory comes out with a morning
guys the other day and has the audacity to come out at least to his honest enough but audacity
to slap you in the face say well we can't make any moves because until after the deal is
done. So in the meantime just like last night they have to continue getting embarrassed
over and over and over again and after 32 games they still have six wins by far the few
has been league including the girls expansion teams. But you're supposed to continue subsidizing
it. But the but like I said it's up to you I'm not going to bust the gut I'm not going
to have a nervous breakdown if they build this ass holostate him go right ahead take
the most valuable piece of water for property in the whole city and just hand it over to
this slime ball. And then of course they go out right on the heels of this yesterday
and they make the deal with Charles Johnson over bringing C.J. back seven million a year
five year deal thirty five million bucks. Of course the only thing is it's all written
in you know all the ifs the cloud clauses in there. If they don't get the stadium after
2001 he's bye bye. See ya. And all the other ifs buts and ands. But they're trying to put
on the front that oh yeah see if you're just doing it for us we'll go out there and spend
a lot of money. Well let me ask you this didn't didn't the mallons it seems to me three
years ago already win a world series. Did that change anything? Did it change the quality
of life and South Florida? Did it change my life? Did it boy? No. Did it change your
life? You talking to me? Yeah. I mean what are we talking about? Let's get serious.
We're we're serious. Let's get down to important things like this letter. This this
this made my day my week my life and you know something for the first time in over a
year now I saw screw in. She actually came up here with a little red dress on. Looking
red date and you get to look in just like screw in and you know something she hasn't
changed. And I'm so glad that I haven't seen her for over a year still defending the
defenseless still pedaling the same blue crap. And of course she's the sales manager or one
of our twenty sales managers and since he goes out and hires a lot of misfits and I'm not
saying that everybody in our sales department's a misfit just most since he hires them and nobody
else will she's got to defend them because it's her crew it's her people it's her guys like
good or boy. Who ain't here no more but nevertheless oh yeah I'll get in the letter in a second.
Great letter from a listener by the name of Pete Lenny. I think you'll enjoy it and then I'll
get into Kevin Baxter's article in the hero this morning which again typical of the
hero I just want to say one thing March 1st will be 25 years that I've been on the year very
successfully in this market thank you 25 years March 1st and I've done it without the help of
the hero the only person who ever wrote anything good in the hero who worked for them Ellie
Brecker who just a groupie who's got her head by the way you're going to make room for Ellie
in Al's ass because she wants to get her head up there too George but at any rate I mean she wrote
this other couple of pop pieces but she's a springer she don't really work for the hero but the
late Bill Cosford it was a great guy and a big fan and a frequent guest on the show back in
those days when we did guest who unfortunately died a very young and unexpected death some years
ago diabetes he used to write great articles about me and about the show and about the baseball broadcast
and a lot of things I've done here other than that the herald hates me like poised and the feeling
is mutual so it comes as no surprise to me whatsoever that a jackass little pansy like Kevin
Baxter who probably don't even own a real radio who I'm always listening right now in spite of all
those part noises which I dedicated that that uh... piece in before right to stupid idiotic
thing as an excuse for taking another shot at me in the show great just keep spelling the name
like Kevin because that's obviously the best you can do no force number further maybe
we should have a special information of w 2 a n b some black has proof incorporated the
wear of exploding balls
i can't find rudo
who let the radio
who let the radio
hey what's that all over the place it's proud
terrible
i don't know how to take that note
oh no
the ranger got out and they got the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
hey what's that all over the guy
is it a bird
is it a plane? no it's the radio
yeah
and they still got the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
who let the radio
that's 15 at 5.60 W to Q.I.M
somebody look at this the
gray goose vodka people do we know the gray goose vodka people?
oh i don't think so but anyway they know me
they send me a nice card
holiday card and also it says that the good times rule and there's like a little
cube but the decision cube
and like on one side it says uh... gray goose
or get goose
and then yes later no
uh... no way
uh... no doubt
et cetera that's kind of cute
so maybe we'll make some of our programming decisions for this thing
Kevin back to you probably like that
so anyway here's this great letter that i get
huh?
what are you laughing about?
this is classic what do you mean what am i laughing about?
what am i not laughing about? i mean i know
over the years you get hate mail you get nice mail you get goofy mail you get crazy people
that's any little postcards that are typed like uh... all over the outside in the edges
but i mean this is one of the all-time best
and i'll read it yeah i'm going to have to substitute a lot of like
or many of the words because there are a lot of those
words in here but i'll try to do the best not to
not to destroy the essence of this letter
it says dear fat fn free voter
how dare you talk poorly regarding one of my favorite restaurants in all of south
Florida the little red caboose
delicious burgers sauteed in onions with fantastic head cut fries
outstanding
first of all if i ever talk bad about the little red caboose
oh i don't think so but anyway it goes on to say
you think we don't read between the lines with your screen and shmit noises
and your ever popular fart cart
you fat set of a bitch you make me sick
you are cheap fn fat ass freeloading scumbag
with a Cuban houseboy sidekick
to kiss your ass and change your depends diapers
Georgia is a sad sack of shmit who just waiting for one of those free fn meals
to give you that final kick in the ass and you drop dead with habit reduce
oozing from your fat double chin
i wish you would go through a drive through fast food joint
such as arby's for example take four beef and cheddar's
shove them down your freeload and fn throat
choking violently kick the floor and croak
then they come and inspect your dead talentless body and promptly shove a
jimoka shake up your ass for good measure
as for your workless show
you're lucky to have so much talent in your sales department just to be able to sell a show of the
shmit that you're peddling what kind of humanoid would spend one dollar on a show full of shmit noises
Jews begging for free food
Jews bringing in free pizza
Cuban eating ass a program that is a venue for you
the cheap fn jud to get free shmit
go away and take that fn raff writing kuban scumbag with you
except for ky jellie i don't know who would buy a commercial on the four hours of shmit you do daily
you should kiss every salesperson's ass and thank them for anything they can sell
you're a pathetic shmit here whose managed to eke out a living in this radio market
that is desperate for a noise that oozes out of their radio
i call it a cheap fn scumbag in the right place at the right time
as for the so-called charity drive you do
we all know your skim serious dollars off the top of it
you ain't brusht mitten anyone asshole you're the equivalent to jaylua
eluis except at least he bangs women and is a chain smoking non-funny Jew
you keep fn jud is all alike keep scam
keep scamming that chump change
oh there's another line yeah that chump change
keep scamming that chump change people know you skim that's why every year the dollars go down
i never listened to your free shmit for Jews program
why don't you do everyone a big fn favor pack and take your shmit
take your tip to fagsture dam
you've wrong after over the people here now it's time to take your pathetic burger
films think he's shmit filled corpse somewhere else as for George
pass this letter over to him and let him see that he's not wanted either
George go play with yourself you bet wetter with an electric blanket
i love going to dinner with your wife and she even pays with your money
money you make while standing by yourself or remote broadcast
keep standing there alone with your free sandwiches and so-phone deals
i'll be enjoying quality time with the old lady
f off you jack offs signed
Pete Lenny
she knows a lot about the show and you for someone who doesn't listen
yeah and somebody who doesn't work here
yeah
Pete Lenny I'd like to talk to you about yourself and your Pete Lenny that sounds very
similar the name of one of our sales people here
that was acting like a czar and Chimorzaka
and i was just a coincidence that even screw and was up here
oh no he wouldn't do that and that's not his hand writing on the back and about yeah
right and of course i don't i don't know
it did come in an envelope you know
with a phony retune address
but we just got a tremendous kick out of it and it sounded so familiar it sounded
just like the kind of stuff we hear inside all the time
from a certain somebody like them in fact when i hear this commercial it makes me kind of like red
rough and sore i'll why didn't get sore this time i just got very amused
anyway here's the fact that says you enjoy a drop i listen by the internet and bald
emor every day how do you like that finally got smart move out of floor to move the bald
emor et cetera and so on
thank you sir i think it says Marvin i can't really tell
improve your hand writing but have a great life
anybody that's sound familiar to anybody out there maybe in the building that the
letter that i just wrote sounded awfully familiar to me in fact in fact the second
sentence that i read it it sounded just like somebody uh
in the building
we have only one dissenting opinion on that theory
and who's that screw and oh no that's not a dissenting opinion that's called a cover up
that's called obfuscation
which he's always done defending her troops
defending the indefensible and like i said she she hasn't changed a bit
not one iota she's still a piece of crap
she still a bit go on if there were people if there were vermin in a sewer
somewhere she would hire them put them in some kind of a god damn be up old suit
and send them out to sell but at any rate
how's Roy doing so Kevin back during a hero which they just
love me like poison and the feeling is mutual
that little torpedo uh maggot Kevin backster writes
topical radio is hardly the talk of south florida in his around the dial column this morning
and i'm sure that there's going to be a core of people over the edge of a hundred
of your hair oh you know he's got a good point
and you know something he doesn't even mention your girlfriend in here
who did such a fine job during the election stuff
corny you he doesn't even mention her
maybe somebody out of talent
so the article says i'm going to read the whole thing because it's really it's
almost as good as the letter i just read can we talk
not if we live in south florida at least not if we want to discuss local issues
if the events of the past year taught us anything it's that south florida
lacks a place where all its people can gather argue over the news of the day
were spirited political dialogue is welcome where people can blow off steam or
listen to the descending point viewpoints it lacks a true talk radio station
while there were plenty of developments in south florida radio in the past year
cocks communications threat to reformat classical music station w t m i f m
the continued sacrifice of creativity and local programming on the altar of
consolidation neo-rodgers percoladen million dollar contract with b'sley
broadcasting and radio mombies rise to number one in the spring obitron ratings
nothing stood out more than the absence of local issues oriented station
how do you like that what stood out to you George nothing stood out more than that
a local issues oriented station which we haven't had since before jerry which
there was an infant it goes on to say not that this is a new development
this net the nation's twelve largest radio markets but without a true english
language talk station since w n w s a m seven ninety give up the format in nineteen
ninety now can i interrupt just for a moment here
right on the bulletin board behind me we have a nice color photograph of the
tombstone that we placed right on the front lawn there from the old snooze cruise
when we were at i.o.d after they finally switched format and gave up the ghost
because their ratings were virtually invisible and that emigrafix were older
than mutma than mishuza ratings and emigrafix keep those two words in mind
kevin for later on in the discussion you little twerp you jackass
it goes on to say now however even the outside world is beginning to take note
when the bbc and cnn cent cruiser earlier this month to capture local opinion of
election fiasco both what looking for a topical mommy based talk show
now how do you know that unless you heard us talking about that here
you think they called him at the hero no
the closest thing they found was roger's four-hour weekday program on wqa m a m
five sixty do thinly veiled racist humor and taped farth sounds constitute
serious political dialogue no he writes in capital letters with an exclamation as in
no no
in addition to which they're not on tape okay
during the three sixty which you will understand this piece of equipment
and on tape no in the real effect there's one i just cut for you a real one
can you smell of kevin you moron 15 years ago south footer was the mouth of the
south thanks to a robust market that included four of the country's premier
talkers w n w s w i o d w i n z and w g b s
opinionated host such as roger steve cannell rantell and john groward
john groward do large do large and loyal audiences with
listeners as far away as cuba
don't we have listeners as far away as cuba jordan yeah yes
they love it by the way in fact i just read a fact from somebody listens on
the internet and bought them or which is a lot farther away from from them cuba
but maybe somebody will show you where it is on a map kevin
even on a Saturday night you didn't have to move far along the a m bow to find
informed and proven conversation
today w n w s's barter station waxi seven ninety radio's version of cable
and w g b s's become w a q i radio m b the country's most successful
Spanish language news talk station roger's mean while moved to a sports talk
station which this bring made in the market's highest paid radio host with
another 12 weeks of vacation as a reward while rantell eventually united
talks to k a b c seven ideal osangilus and here's a picture of alice rantell
from her younger days
and all were w i n z and w i o d retain news talk formats their programming has
become a mix of syndicated fair produced thousands of miles away and local
show host to local shows whose host prefer gags better and stick over substance
as a result and here here comes my favorite part of your article kevin there's a
special place in hell for your newspaper okay
not that i'm looking for any credit for many but because i know the good stuff
when we do good stuff and i know what it goes over like a pregnant pool of
alter
it says as a result if you wanted to have a serious even handed discussion of the
alien gonzalo gonzalo saga there was no local show to call
and if you wanted to discuss irregularities that you're pulling place during
voter gate and not get hung up on if you disagree with the host well better
take it down to the corner star box buddy the Spanish language stations question
mark forget them although the shows are animated and the issues addressed
hyper local the host are more interested in demagoguery than dialogue
and community leaders wonder why we're so divided
there's no place we can go to talk and listen to one another
but then what should we expect at a radio market that's been drained of its
edge and creativity by the consolidation that continues to choke the radio
industry now here comes another great part you'll appreciate this
wp owfm 96.5 with a stable of counted DJs and a program director willing to
take chances in kid curry is the only station that shows even occasional
signs of independent thought and it's been rewarded with the largest
audience in florida you think someone would notice and when it comes to
taking those chances and the european users that kid curry is playing
down all here by the way i don't want to mention who it is that brings the
music in that he plays all
is this incredible here's a guy writing of what is supposed to be a major
just like the picture of only a yoke and in the uh... a couple days ago
with a caption of robberts fail underneath it they haven't got any idea what
they're writing about so Kevin you fit in like a rubber glove just like a
proctologist finger when you're back to him fit in perfect sweetheart
taken chances instead we get Kentucky based queer channel donations
largest broadcaster in honor of a seven station cluster that draws 20% of the
software audience filling those stations in part what such shows is rush
to lumbar dr. warr ryanal in the fill Henry show all naturally syndicated
programs managed by clear channels premiere radio networks are you sure meanwhile
Atlanta based cocks which manages for the market softball stations following
its purchase of wtmi called a growing fear by pledging short-term allegiance
to the stations much wealth classical music format
that was a good move but then it squandered some of the good will by laying off
popular on air personality such as china vales mark heart and ken martin
cocks this year also closed its purchase of urban user station wedr and
wisely chose to leave that station a public institution and softwaters top
ranked out let alone a public institution they be jamminate
however because the company is publicly traded pressure to justify a hundred
million dollar purchase of wtmi could build quickly and that likelihood continues
to fuel speculation that a switch to a more lucrative format is inevitable
even though wtmi is the market's only classical station among the possible
alternatives fm talk which one major broadcaster reporter likened to printing
money printing money on fm talk such a change you're sure to win
flaming motions invite discussion inspired debate too bad sound for the
doesn't have a place where we could go to talk about it wife Kevin back to
bastard to be continued after the break
just a typical kind of crap that you'd expect in the herald and by the way Kevin
says there's another one for you know i through charge and not on tape this
might be on tape and that's for you too
ten twenty eight at five sixty wq only in the banana republic baby only in my
am i do i'm doing that down on that to spot i must have said pick up the phone
fifteen times in there you want to know why because i was thinking about this
article by Kevin backster and there was a promo they've been wrecking my brain
and finally it hit me right in the middle of doing that spot it was sandy
patent who did a promo back in the old iod days when she and bill smith got
resurrected from kt and the promo it just it just was so ridiculous he opens
the phone it was just yeah that was the line in the spot he opens the phone
like there was something novel in unique about it taking phone calls on a telephone talk show
but have a nice day yeah thank you sandy how's the end body door
wow that thing must be really hooked over by now but it anyway just like a bank account
sandy pay let's bring sandy back to lovely lady and let's bring back how come he doesn't mention
the light bulb in here wftl that was the last message we have of the kind of station he was talking
about you see Kevin i hate to break the news to you but just since you're talking about
printing money and since you know financial expediency for broadcast companies that's what
it's all about this is a business he's not like i'm like what you say a public institution no
no radio stations of public institution not anymore what about npr no even that's not a public
institution people listen to it belong in an institution but nevertheless suitable intellectuals
the fact is we're here to make money we're here to make money we're here to have ratings
we're which we used to have of course the trend will be out today and show we don't have any more
but nevertheless for the last many many years we've been doing pretty damn good in spite of all those
take part sounds that offend you so much and all those other stations you're talking about they
didn't go by the wayside because they didn't care about the public or because they just didn't know
what the hell they were doing they went by the wayside because they failed because they didn't have
any audience because what audience they did have was older than mphusela and since you're so excited
about the big story over radio mom b even though they've had that big audience between early on
any election all through the year the fact is that democratically their audience is older than
into the hills 12 plus they got that big number you look at 25 to 54 which I just didn't
the last trend the number 16 and the trend before that they were number 19 which goes back even
into part of the alien stuff well 25 to 54 is where it's at for adult stations I hate to break
the news to you unless you want to sell a lot of power then and maybe those copper bracelets those
magnetic bracelets those are good in certain parts of the community with certain old green tooth
people but the fact is who's he talking about w-i-o-d some of us you know some of us used to work
at w-i-o-d mr we know what that was all about w-i-o-d oh I hate that station yeah when it was a great
station and the same cons people that you now fantasize are going to take their big 100,000 watt
f n w t m i and make it a see this this sounds to me like a pup piece like they're kind of like a
you know stick in their finger out the window see which way the wind is blowing
there there's no more chance that Cox is going to go back into talking especially put it on
f n why would they do it now when they had a great talk station on w-i-o-d and they had said they
could have put it on all kinds of f n stations that they could have bought back in those days which
was the popular rumor well in truth they were really selling us out from underneath them because
they couldn't make any money with us so I can be a son of dance Kevin that anybody in his business
believes that f m talk is is like printing money I only wish that were the truth because when I
rather be when we much rather be on f n i would like a real signal and like people under the
edge of a hundred already on that band tuned in there locked in as opposed to hoping that maybe
someday they might their f m radio might break or maybe they get in a pickup truck that's only
got an a m and they might discover us by accident because the only way to get audience build on this
radio station because they sure as well don't do a goddamn dime worth of promotion anymore nothing
nothing zero zippity doodah we build our audience by our smoses by word of mouth one mouth at a time
so as much as I'd love to believe that and in addition to which who are they going to put on the
ear there who are the lip of personalities how about Gregor they got to put him on the ear yeah
we could bring out back look at look at all the great losers that they've had on talk about
i n z let's take a look at clear channel and before them a paction buddy but at all the great
winners they put on a ear like the babbling brook who's to ord point scoop the poop
little Greg yeah Gregor my trick my trick the sheet of r b yeah oh yeah there's there's more
the list continues going what's your name and you're the one in the afternoon that I can never
think of her name it was on for five minutes caring okay going there we're always a caring
came but that's not the one i'm thinking about the one the other one putting you into
their net the what the hell was the one the the bitch that got kand over there just a few months ago
before how about Ed's oh oh oh it was well good yeah it was good it was good audience was wild
about that bitch you see and the interesting part of it is that all of these so-called great
discoveries over there most of them their idea of getting an audience just like Gregor how many
shows can you do about how your girlfriend's excrement looks and smells. That was just
topic. That was it. That was the beginning in the end. How gross can we be? How disgusting
can we be? And that's going to build an audience, all the young people, or guess what? It's
all been done before. There's nothing revolutionary, there's nothing radical, there's nothing new.
It's all been done and heard before. You can say crap, you can make fart noises, and unless
you're entertaining, unless you're interesting, nobody is going to listen. Kevin. And this
book crap about W.S. News, and like I said, he left out the light bulb because that would
have been too embarrassing. Yeah, that would have been too... Yeah, let's put my attorney,
let's put Norma Kent back on here, what do you say? Oh. And let's put Joyce Kaufman back
on it. Oh, yeah. And as much as I love me, he's a good friend of mine, Craig Warding,
he's a good guy, but the problem with Craig is over the years, he continued pandering
that over 90 audience, and now he's back out on the beach again.
FPL. Yeah, FPL, the light bulb, the elephant's graveyard. And isn't that a wonderful place
where we can go and talk about to me? Hello, Craig. Hello Steve, I think you have a terrible
eye, I think Norma had a good point. I looked you all of that, I did it for years, mister.
You don't have to give me no lecture about God damn talk shows, I don't know how to do
a talk show or something I know would say. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And if you
think anybody in their right mind is going to go back to putting the same kind of stale
or drivel on the ear, and I also hate to break the news to you Kevin Baxter and you
morons at the ear, that one something is going on in his community like the Penny sales
tax, which a lot of people gave me credit for helping to get that thing defeated and
bring wake up the public here since the mayor will get once again, was trying to put a
fast one over on the public. This is the show where people discuss that and vetted both
ways about it. As far as getting hung up on, I hate to break the news to you. Even John
Broward, the late John Broward, that right wing nut case who was just a chronic listener,
they put on the Iranians, you could have put his old audience in a telephone booth. But
even John Broward hung up on people, yeah that's right. We're not here to be polite, we're
here to be entertaining, Kevin. And during the alien saga, was there any place on the English
language radio dial besides this radio show where people went to talk about alien on
the radio? No, you jackass, you simple then, you idiot, you're crippling and during
voter gate seems to me that we talked about that for weeks before the election. The day
of the election, when we were getting calls from people in Palm Beach County talking
about the probably it's the first time any of us heard about the goddamn confusing butterfly
ballot right here on this radio show. While you're on vacation, we kept it going. Yeah.
But all excuse us for trying to be entertaining and not not appealing to Kevin Baxter,
evidently, he's holding this guy. You've had no, yeah, like my age, I thought. Yeah. But
unfortunately, he's got to, which is why he's perfect for the hero and South Florida,
because he's got the mind of a 90 year old man. Yeah, he wants the light bulb back. Come
on, let's bring Alice, Rand, tell her back and do those issue oriented topics. What do
you say? No, absolutely positively. No. Oh, and the community leaves wonder why we're
so divided. I hate to break the news to you, Mr. But in 1980 during the Mary L. Boliv,
this community was more divided than in any time of the up till alien. There was no time
in a history of this town. It was more divided than in 1980 during Mary L. And if you think
that it was helped by those conversations that we all had on the year by the history,
there was going back and forth in the death threats and all of that crap. If you think
that helped to soothe any feelings or to bring the community together, you're a whistle
and dixie. You're a moron, Kevin. All right, we already know that. Yeah, we're going to
solve the problems of the world right here on the radio. We're going to bring the people
of the community together. I got news for it. Just like I said a couple of days ago, and
I'll say it again today. And it's a sad thing to say, but it's true. This community will
never ever be together. That's why this is a failed experiment. And just like they can
put the stadium downtown Miami defective that unlike Baltimore Cleveland, anyplace else,
people in this town don't want to go to downtown Miami, not just because they don't feel it's safe,
but because they feel it's a foreign country, because they feel it's not a place where they belong.
And that's never going to change. Never. And I've only used the good of change. Now it's getting
even worse. Univision buys out the whammy and that whole chain over there. Very diller. So there's
another Spanish language TV station. And here he's here. He's raven about the great weight of
Radio Mambi. Yeah, look at those Spanish language radio ratings. Radio Amor. Radio Romanceia.
Those are the top stations. So if you think that their community is being brought together,
you're in a dream world. You're in that. Alien was the final straw. That just cracked this town
wide open. We'll make a little bit of progress. The Coast Guard episode last year, that didn't help.
That started the undoing what progress had been made. And then alien, that was like,
that was the straw that broke the camel's back. That was like that.
That's whom we're going to look at. Yeah. And good luck to you, Kevin. Continue living in your dream
world and your fantasy land. I hope you enjoyed a light ball. Maybe you got some old joyous
Kaufman tapes or maybe normal camp would like to do a show in a spare time normal. Do a show.
Just pipe it directly into the world over there. I love as many people listening over there as you
did before on a light ball. 18 before 11 at 560 WQ. But Neil Rogers show sports radio. 560. QA.
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Is this on? Hi, I'm Rose Folger, program director for Super Talk. If you're wondering why you
can't hear Rick and Sutts anymore, well, we decided to buy out the remainder of their contract
in order to provide you with more of, well, what we consider to be a billion feats of radio
programming and bringing radio to busying heights. And I hope you'll join me in welcoming this
latest addition to Super Talk. Thank you. This is the Scootin Good Time Hour. And here's your host,
Joyce Kaufman. Hello, my darling. And welcome to the Scootin Good Time Hour, where we will buy your
girls such wonderful gifts and prizes. You'll feel with joy like this lovely 1989 Mercury Marquis.
And it's deep and white, which of course everybody knows that makes it cooler. And when I come back,
I'll be happy to tell you all about our free coupon giveaway for Dr. Shloining House of Enemies.
10.26. We eat a lot more Joyce Kaufman a lot more animals. That's what we need. See, it's all about
demographics. It's all about ratings. It's all about making money. It's all about getting living
and breathing. People listen to talk shows. It's all about being entertaining. It's what it's all
about you, Jack, ask them back to what you wouldn't understand because you work for a newspaper.
That's not in the least bit informative or entertaining. Just pathetic. 25 years for that. Huh?
So like I said, in spite of the hair, somehow will scrape through. Here's our pool today.
I listen to Neil mostly for humor. We've taken a similar pool before, but I thought the timing
would be good for Kevin's sake for humor for topics for a little of both or because he pisses me off.
For choices. Yeah, I listen to Neil mostly for humor for topics for a little of both or because he
pisses me off. Yeah, let's go back. Let's turn the clock back because then don't forget. Let's
put how about we take the old staff, the one who is still alive from the light bulb and put them on
the TVMI. Call a Bob Green. That's a great idea. Yeah. No one would love to be back on the
year. Wouldn't it? Oh, you bet. He'd probably pay that and go on the radio. And we can get
your ex-calfman. We can put Sandy back on the air. Maybe Bill Smith is still around in toning
with those deep dulcet tones. Boring insta-boring is a big star of that whole lineup. Mr. Rigo, of course.
And Rick Spider-Man don't forget about him. Is that him? Yeah, or we could just have filled
with his voice. Yeah, one or the other. I mean, what are you talking about? And of course,
again, here's a guy that comes in from outside of town, obviously, who has got any idea of the
real history of the radio market here. In fact, even Tom Jicke who's been here a long time,
even Tom does know the real history of radio here, which is why when my friend Dick Casper died,
it was one of the few real radio people that ever was in this market. Tom couldn't be bothered to
do like a little research or talk to me or a few other people and write a nice tribute to Dick
because he wasn't here then. And that would have been a little bit too much like work.
Tom, you've been very nice to me, but I'll never forgive you for overlooking that because
that was criminal. And of course, this is one of the very few markets that doesn't even have a
regular radio column. I mean, if you want to find out what's happening on Latin radio and TV,
you can open up both newspapers almost every other day and find a big puff piece about that.
But English language radio, in fact, this is the first thing I've even read about English language
radio in months, and even one of the newspapers. Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello.
Neil, hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Happy holiday. I'll see you tonight, but I need to ask you something.
I need to buy a gift certificate to a night's rest Italian restaurant in Toronto for somebody.
Would you know any names?
I'm not sure. I am. Not really. There's a real good Italian restaurant that's right behind the hotel.
I think it's on Oak Street, but I can't tell you what the name of it is. Somebody will call
them and tell you if you keep listening. Okay, I'll keep listening. Okay, share it. Thank you.
Have a happy. What was that beep? Was that on his thing? Oh boy, scared of hell out of me.
This is pacemaker. Oh, come on. He was under the age of 100 plus he's going to Toronto. He can't be
all bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Come on. What do you say? Let's this guy, he wants
a conversation. We want a place to talk about it. What do you say? Let's bring back a talk station.
Let's bring back. Let's for here some names today of all the great people that you'd like to have back.
Stand major. Like the stand major. There you go. Yeah. That's the hell of a name.
And he could make. I don't know. Listen, if you try those Milky Way dark bars yet, George,
they are dynamite.
Oh, geez. Now, what is that? Is the Don Johnson thing in it? Oh, that's on the court.
Stand major. Now on New York Radio 610, WIODs. You missed the last joke. You missed.
Well, then what the hell is your problem? Kane is in New York, fella. What he would do is
you. I don't want Kane back. I just broke it up. But who do you want? Who do you want?
You want Alan Fernandez? I think you want to. What the hell do you want in the air?
Silence. Is that all we have? Who do you give me a name? What is that all we have?
Is that all we have? What kind of content do you want hearing to to sing? I do.
Here in the next stand major show. This afternoon at two on New York Radio 610,
WIOD. I don't forget to urge anybody by a good watch lately.
Poor Stan. Poor us. You see, this idea that, oh yeah, let's just take a station and make it into
what talk station? Who are you going to put on here? How come there are no suggestions in here,
Kevin? Who they might put on the air? Since you don't want anybody syndicated. In fact,
if you do get outside of this market and go around the markets all over the country,
unfortunately, because of the fact that queer channel and a few other companies own every station,
that's all you got. You got Rush, Charlotte, Limbaugh, and you got Dr. Laura and Philazon in a bunch
of markets. What do you got? I'm talking about local personalities, local talk people.
Now you can go over to a Tampa listening to WFLA, which is one of the most god awful states
never heard my line. Depressing, morbid, unbelievably bad. What about you? Yahoo,
those pickers and everybody by name. Oh, here's TJ, same old card collars.
Yeah, for a hundred years, same people that were calling Blabio. There's still on.
How many markets in this country? I mean, you got the, and you take like KG on San Francisco,
they run, oh, and they got a couple of good people on there locally. Look at KABC. Alice Rantel,
he's on. Okay, his Alice Rantel, Alice Rantel is a little clone of me. I'm the one that put him
on the ear. I'm the one that talked to Casper. He was a weekend news guy at WS News. I'm the one
that said, put him on the ear, give him a shot. He'll be okay. And the Casper said, be like Neil,
be like Neil. Of course, he realized it was going to be that much like Neil. Yeah, when he showed
up, I think he was already like that. Oh, I see. Well, he was in denial about it. Although,
he didn't have a lot of pictures of Sean Cassidy on the wall, but anyway, he was like a little
clone, a little little, and then all of a sudden he found his two political roots and became a right
wing, a self-hating fag, whatever. And Norm got him a job out there. Now, he's a talk show host
in a, allegedly. It's a joke. It's a joke. Michael Jackson, not the, not the a pedophile,
but Michael Jackson, the British guy, the talk host out there in KBC, so boring, he could put you
into a coma. He makes Don, I'm just look animated. That's how boring Michael Jackson is if he ever heard
him. Who are the really entertaining people doing talk shows? I'm talking about the kind of talk show
that this guy's writing about in a hero today. Topical talk. It's dead. It's dead of an adornale.
Here's for a lottery nail. Hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I work for Toyota when I have seniors,
they go, I'm like, it has set the radio for me. And I'm setting a go-get-no on SMWJ. I don't
listen to FM. I like AM. And some of the stations they pick are sometimes as well. I've never heard of
them. And then of course it's 560 and you know the other ones. But that's pretty funny that
they have no idea. They don't want FM. And Neil, they've got 12 settings for FM on a camera
and they don't want it. Who does this person want to replace you? I wouldn't both bring it back to
him. He doesn't want anybody to replace me. He wants the station that's going to give him alternatives.
I mean, somebody is really serious. And isn't just a group all playing farting sound and being
just a jack off on the area. And you're not really money. Right. Exactly. He wants us to satisfy him,
I guess, and a bunch of old people. He wants us to go back to those days and nobody in their
right mind is going to do that. Maybe he's not playing with a full deck. Exactly. He probably would be
happy if QA went back to playing rock music too, like back in the 50s, you know. Well, you have to stand
up and say I'm not a kid. I'm not going to take it anymore. Okay. Go ahead. You're ahead.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah. That's it. Let's get out those jingles. What do you say? Come on.
Let's start playing music. QA was a big hit back then. That was only 50 years ago.
There. Where's the real old jingles? Are they in here? I just have them on a cart. No,
are they? That's not it. Where do you want to go? It might be under QAM old or WQAM old. Yeah.
Well, I'll find it. It's not worth dittling around. It's not worth dicking around. Let the cart
still is there by the way. The cart is still back there with some of those guys. When Rick Shaw was
here 100 years ago and Jim Dunlop and all those guys and what's the name? Robi Young. We've been
dead for 10 years. How's Robi doing? Let's get Robi Young during which there. Come on. Let's
get Robi Young in here. I mean, it's guys writing stuff here and their people are reading it
who think that it because it's in the hair to make sense. John Broward had a large royal audience.
Oh my god. They're nice. Even Pete, what's his name? What's his name? What's his name?
Maybe he's eaten some of that diet stuff. Oh, I hope not too much.
Maybe busy all day. Listen, we can't be the talk-up for this thing.
Oh, just to the post. You can do 15 talk-ups to that. Right, Tommy?
5.6705.60.560 on the 18th team. But thanks for the show today, Kevin. Give me a nice topic to
get away from all this other depressing crap. And no, I'm not going to get all bent out of shape.
But like I said, if you want to go ahead and not complain about them spending your
tax money for a stadium and they, what do I care? So I sweat off my balls just like the
just like the tax that we're going to have a day counting out live in Broward.
And I sat here like a maniac being a champion to get people to turn out and vote against
the which they did and defeated it. And we did a nice job there. Does he give us any credit for that?
No, because we're not deadly serious 24 hours a day on this goddamn show.
And then the thing about the BBC and CNN.
I made it very clear the reason that I didn't want them in here, just like I don't want any other
TV station in here, is because the callers that we have in this market, not just on this show
in this market. I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler. I wouldn't wish on George W. The callers
that we have. So the idea I'm going to have people from international networks like the BBC
come in here and sit down and listen to you people. No, even I'm too embarrassed for that.
No chance. 1057 at your
group call station 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM.
420560. Now the QAM Miami Port Lauderdale, a feasibly broad panel group station,
www.qam.com with a world. That's left a buck to you.
Lots of money!
Let's grill it all AB , AWQ A,L!
It's our food !!!!
The hung reindeer had a very lengthy nose
And when he got excited, it stuck out way past his nose
All of the other reindeer who wondered what the sled wouldn't know
Serenzo, that Rudy's organ was getting stuck in the snow
Then one fucking Christmas scene with a Santa Claus to say
Rudolph, with your two so long won't you drive me home that long
All of the reindeer hating, he's the favorite one because
Rudolph the well hung reindeer gets to bang this his watch
Yeah, I hit it, well don't hit it again
Love it out to it five, so if he got his punishing you okay doesn't want music on a guy at the MAM anymore
Guide, if God would have wanted the music on the M he would have made it sound good on the M
Does it sound good on the M? No, I rest my case so don't want music on the M
Unless it's Mule's Fag music
But at any rate and then of course George reminds me about a couple of very minor things like the Gulf War and Hurricane Andrew
You see when something important has come along over these many many years
Even since I switched gears for survival sake and realized that talking to a bunch of 95-year-old people about their
Colossomy bag over running and is there other teeth or purple and your ellipse screen or the other way around
That that was a waste of time and that nobody on the edge of a hundred wanted to hear that crap
But even after that, anytime anything happened in this town it was discussed on this show
And it seems to me that both the Gulf War and Hurricane Andrew happened back in the IOD days
Was there serious topical talk on IOD then? No, we had Micronary in the morning who was a goofball at best
Certainly wasn't doing a talk show per se wasn't talking politics and topical crap
Rick and Suds were they talking pol- I mean what the hell is this man talking about?
Rick and Suds were talking about the serious stuff? Well that makes us feel like doing it
And Phil wasn't under back in those days to go for a new year
But he certainly if he was talking about he certainly wouldn't have been doing it seriously
But nevertheless the community turned to that station because they knew that they could get the information they needed
When that was going on
So the idea that just because we're not deadly serious enough for you Kevin Baxter and your asshole nose pickers over there at the
Herald every time that we're on the air too bad too freaking bad this show isn't for you Kevin
It's for the audience which so far in the last many many years we're doing okay thank you without your help and without your goddamn rags help
But just keep writing at least he's writing about radio that's good even though most of it is pure on a double rated crap
He's writing about radio that's a good start now we're in something about it
Not talk to somebody who understands demographics and ratings and what it really means
Besides telling us how balls he would a ball the guy kid couriers
Because John and I keep bringing him that European music and once in a while he develops a big a one left not big enough to play some of it on the
Year and the audience loves it like Mojo which I only was listening to Mojo like eight months ago in Europe
But hey don't get me started on that
Okay let's go to Kendall hello
Yes sir are you sure that guy out of front tell no I did not oh you mentioned that but have a great day yes I did
5 6 7 1 you little Julios would you go get a hobby you're getting so old and ponderous and so tired
Go go do your daily circles jerking in when you're we are all done when you haven't got anything more to
Squirt squirt work would just pass out on the floor with a smile on your push all they already are 5 6 7 0 5 60
On the 18t and Verizon wireless line speaking of Alice rental you know what I haven't played in the long long time
Which I'm not going to play the whole thing
Huh?
Yeah
Yeah
Have a nice life Alice
Here's a mobile in Boca hello
Mobile in Boca hello yes sir I'm in Miami new mobile in Miami no I'm not one okay you're in Miami here's a stationary Miami one line
No yes I have a question for you why don't you believe in God
Let's go to a mobile in Boca like I said I know I should have been on the same deal how you doing okay I got three things
Yes sir well I guess I don't have but I do have three things but I got three other things
First of all pick report yeah the cops are really get them on northbound night turnpike through north for our
Mm-hmm and Southern Palm Beach County so I doubt the second thing is the Marlins is a non-issue I live in Boca if the non-issue I will never
Yeah I don't know what I was getting all psychotic about yesterday because most people don't care about the Marlins one way or the other
So if they want to go ahead and pull another fast deal with the politicians it's too bad I don't care
After what they do with the Marlins arena they deserve what they get down yeah and then and then the real important issue is the Florida Panthers
I got four tickets nobody cares about that either but yeah I want to burn them I want to start a boycott no why not what's the point
What's the point what what is there need to be a boycott if you want to go go and if you don't want to go stay home
Did you see the game I saw parts of it I saw enough to make me sick yeah have you been watching
I saw I saw the same thing he pulled when they get back in the game five to three and I got a power play
There's still ten minutes left in the game and the power play still got like 30 seconds in and he puts big number eight out there again within 15 seconds
These independently box there goes the power play there was any chance to get back in the game
But but why do we in it's like a stuck record don't you understand that until the sale of the team is done which it looks like it could be soon nothing is going to change
Well if we boycott the team maybe they'll get it done sooner or fire Murray
Don't you understand he doesn't care about you Wayne doesn't care about the fans he cares about what the deal is he's going to make don't you get it I'm trying to get it
Well it doesn't sound like you're doing a good job get it well so do I but you won't see much over there
I'm in the I'm in 102 right over a couple of sections over from you yeah and I got these four expensive tickets that I feel like burn them
Okay, well go if you have a bring this I go burn me just keep repeating the same thing
Well you see this is what I'm talking about that's not interesting that's not entertaining
And the same cause I keep telling you the same thing when the deal is done with the team when they sell it then something will happen and it's very unfortunate
That's a stab in the back of the fans but that's it you have to make if you want to keep subsidizing people like that go ahead and if not stay home like this guy says he feels like burning them
Stay home very simple go play part easy go run around the goodness tree do something more entertaining nobody's forcing you to go there
Here's sunrise hello hi Neil yes sir I listen to quite frequently and I have to see it in your poll I think you have to have one very important fact
Okay, important fact well I write it people listen to you I I take my main reason for listening to your inner talent
Yeah, I get more entertainment value in the four hours than anything else on the radio and and I've been waiting for you to bring up the topic of the media in this particular market because it's just so frustrating because one company has all the stations for the most
It's not only this market that's happening all over America thanks to the US government
Well, you know you have the all the cable was knocked out when they took out the Palm Beach stations now you're forced to watch what's in this market which is pathetic sometimes
And you try to go to another station like in West Palm Beach and you find the same program on two channels two stations at the same time there's just no choice no writing
So for the four hours a day that you're on I mean above all else I mean I don't agree with everything you say all the time why not
Well we have our difference. Okay, you know so what makes things go the way they go but my point is that above all else
And then you always mention the money they're always getting paid this much or that much well you know that's that doesn't I don't I don't have to pay for what you're what you're getting
I mean doesn't come out of my pocket like you always say how much is it cost for me to listen to the show nothing but I get a tremendous amount of value in the entertainment you provide
But you know it's interesting you would think that all the good stuff that happened was back in the days the only good broadcasting of the good service that anybody ever did to the community
Was back in the days of the kind of drill that he's talking about I'm embarrassed by most of the shows we did back in those days I'm humiliated when I think of the crep
When I realized that the day came and the realization came to me that I was nothing more than a babysitter a glorified babysitter for a bunch of old people with no life to sit around the radio and I until they fell asleep and I'm stupid
And answering a stupid question like bringing doctors on the air and nutritionist on the air talking about their hemorrhage I mean what kind of broadcasting is that I'm embarrassed by it
Exactly you know but the other thing I have to add is that you know a lot of times you're informative and educational as well like when you started with the acting's diet
Well you know I picked up on that and I'd never heard about it any great degree and it's been a big benefit to me you know in my life overall
Yeah but you see a coin to Kevin thinly racist thinly veiled racist humor and tape parts on I guess basically that's all he gets out of this show
You know he's strictly typical of the kind of print media that's existence in this particular market
Yeah the other thing I want to tell you mentioned the CNN crew and so forth he spent once did a show from FTL and you're right I mean the calls they received and they're not in a book
Rift Scyderman was the guy that was doing the show and you can imagine what that was like
I'm up to them good
Exactly maybe he's going to go with who's better Ginsburg
Okay let's have a great day
Keep it up
Okay it's up right now
How's PD doing PD Lenny 5 6 7 0 5 60 in fact and maybe we can eat it Lenny's
Okay I was he going to admit that he wrote the letter?
Is he going to admit that?
Are you waving that thing in the door is he going to admit it?
There's no audio associated with that
The door the door just opens up
He said he did not
It's you trust me
I'd rather come in there and whack you then write letter to you believe me I love you and I did not write that letter
You want it?
I just saw someone else
You must have some good friends and clear channel
No they hate me so much trying to get through this
Should I have dumped it?
I didn't hear it
I did dump it
Oh I'm not
It is a masterpiece though you gotta admit it's
Okay
I'm much funnier than that
Okay well don't get rough and sore about it
Get out of here
Hey at least they gave us a little bit of fun huh
And then we got to see screw in for the first time in a while
Oh see this is tearing out to be hell of a day
Leave it to me
Leave it to a sorry
Go to press this
Yeah I'm so rough
I feel someone's better
125 bucks at the track last night
How could you want you know
I mean Derek's winning hundreds, fabrics is winning 100
That win 25 bucks
And then I think of myself
Well I'll get paid in a couple of days who cares
That's true
Oh you might have to dump them again
It was Dave Rawr
And your friend still fat
It's 11.15 and 5.60 W.C.M. Peter Leonard's in here
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, just have it up over and away
Have a happily hot-hata and a happy new year and get out of here
And don't bring many more of that diarrhea food
5.670560, pound 5.60
I've got two sets of rent
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund
You notice that nobody is talking about that old time crap that Kevin backs their rights about
Does anyone know why?
Because nobody wants that back
Nobody there, there are 10 people out there
In fact the old people that did want it back, they're all dead now anyway
All the people that used to listen to that garbage, they're all dead now anyhow
So why a guy his age and this is not an old man
Why it is that he's pining for something that is a dinosaur
I'm beating a lot of me
Other than it's a good excuse to take a good shot at me
Which is fine
In fact, I would pay you money
I'd pay a 50 bucks a day just write another column about this every day
Keep ripping me in the hairl every day
Get up to a 30-year easy
Maybe get the audience back
Here's Pompato, hello
Pompato
Here's Pompato, hello
Okay, they're dintin' with it
Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello
Hi, Neil
Yes, ma'am
I have a question
I've heard you talk about you have a VCO that plays the American and the European tapes
Uh-huh
Can you purchase that in the state yet?
Yes ma'am, I got it at Sound Advice
Sound Advice
They're very expensive but they're very good
No, I definitely need it, have a ton of tapes from Europe and need to get something
So we don't have to pay to convert it all the time
They're in fact it's an AYIWA, AIWA
Oh, okay, great
And for the first one I got was Emerson, which was a real piece of crap
But the AYIWA is terrific
Okay, it's Sound Advice
Yep
Great, thanks a lot, have a good day
You too, bye-bye
There you go, the information man, striking again
So Peter Leonard says he didn't write the letter and he loves me
And he loves me, and it's friend over there is still fat
And it still made me crap
Everything that he brought in here
I mean, you know, I'm just, uh, what can I tell you?
You try to do your best
Fine, he still won't admit that he's wrong
See, that's the deal, he's still under minute
Was he hawking you in there to the same story?
Yeah, he did
He just before he'd write me a letter
They might be entertaining
567056, the effect
And I have to pizza off, we're gonna have three rounds George and Peter and Peter and you are gonna go at it
And I asked him, how do you think I can meet?
Here's four Myers, hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
I can't believe I'm finally on it, I've called you about three times
And I've had to hang off for about 20 minutes
You're finally on it, Tom, exactly like you
Uh, Neil, this guy in the hailed is, he's full of crap
I listen to you show every day
You've talked about more issues, you've talked about things going on at Miami
You've talked about the kids shooting the teacher in the face
You've talked about the guy getting beat up by the cops
You're the only guy that I listen to that even talks normal
I mean, I've listened to Rush Limbaugh, but everything with him is about the Republican
And speaking of, you know, this guy's complaining about if you have a different point of view of your get cut off
How many, how many liberals calling on the White House Limbaugh show?
It's ditto heads, it's ditto ditto, it's the same right wing crap
Three hours every goddamn day
Every single show is the same as the previous thing
The same thing, the same spew
Three hour festival of right wing hate
I've called you and you've never hung up on me, I've talked to you before
I've talked to you before when I talked about my 15 year old
I said my 15 year old doesn't shoot kids in the teachers in the face when they get upset
This guy's just full of crap
I think what you should do really is negotiate your contract to get six months off
And that would probably really piss him off
Good, okay, I'm working on it right now
But Niel, just keep it up because you're who, when I was sick during the Alien Gonzalez thing for that week
And I would just turn the TV on and turn it down and listen to you, I got more
This is one of the things that really crossed my ass, and I usually don't give a crap on anybody rights
But when he writes, if you wanted to have a serious even-hand to discuss the Alien Gonzalez thing, there was no local show to call
What the hell does that mean?
We had Cubans calling, we had Anglos calling, we had Angria Black people calling
And as long as the people weren't obnoxious, they had a chance to express their thing
You had a guy that was a spy in the neighborhood, I got more information from you
I sure was what was really going on than what you would find on TV
Niel, just ignore him, hang in there, buddy
Okay, pal, bye
Here's the facts from a lady, listen to what she says, I don't always agree with you, but even when I don't I still enjoy the hell of your show
And in the town where there's a little to be thankful for, there was you at 10 o'clock every morning
Almost, PSU will write my letter last week at a spelling year of female
How do you like that?
Here's the new WFTL 1400 AM lineup, 6 to 9 AM Bill Carter, 9 AM to Noon Lee Fowler, Noon to 3 Allen Burke, 3 to 6 Larry Kent, 6 to 8 PM Sports Talk with Rick Weber and Sonny Hirsch, 8 to 11 PM Big Wilson, 11 PM to 3 AM Jerry Wittner, and 3 to 6 AM the graveyard shift, John Broward
Did I say the graveyard shift? Oh, I'm sorry
John Broward
Oh, good golly Miss Molly
I'm just taking it all the way back to KAT to Shirley Spellerberg and Irv, Irv, Irv, what that was his name?
Irv Shindler
I mean, back in the days when they used to take chronic listeners and put them on here, back in the days when the chronic callers was all you would hear on those talk shows
And that's another thing about the kind of shows you're talking about, which I mentioned before about like a FLA in Tampa
Same, tired old voices
That's one of the reasons I'm still here today
Because I was lucky enough I had the foresight and the balls to discourage the chronic
I remember working on that from the practically the first week I sat down because every other show I listened to
And back in the days when he was talking about when we had WS News, WIOD, INZ and GBS, 4 talk stations going all the time
And I'm on INZ at night in those days, 8 to midnight
And I used to, somebody would call in some Jackass and then 5 minutes later somebody called there
All the same person, he was on 2 minutes earlier on GBS and the same thing
And during the daytime you could sit in your car and punch from one to the other and then you'd hear it all the time
Chronic caller on one station, he'd be over on Sandy Payton and 5 minutes later he's over there with Lee Fowler
Same, the same 20 callers
That's not entertaining, that's not interesting
It's like a little fraternity of misfits is what it is, you know I'm trying to ask?
Yeah, misfit
You remember those days?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Anybody want to go back to the Golden Days of Radio?
Oh, come on, the Herald wants it, Kevin Baxter wants it, I bet your Bob Green and Bob Neil want it there
We just gave them their new lineup at the WTMI
Yeah, that day that they had that call, you know, they've always gotten those calls
Cheryl put them on the phone, I want to speak her phone, Bob Green and Bob Neil are in there like she's making some kind of a
They say, yeah, they say, shit off, can I say that on the air? Well, it depends on how you spell it
Yeah, like she's hooking me up with them, you know, she's like the inner media, like the pimps
Like something's going to come from that
And Bob Neil is, oh, what we just discussed in the OTMI going to talk on FM
Yeah, there's about as much chance of you going to talk on TMI as there is a mile up and up that door and finding $40 million donation for
Planned Parenthood from Greg Reed, that's how much chance there was of that
That cheap prick
5 6 7 0 5 with a bad haircut
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a mobile and Davie, hello
Hey, good morning, this is Randy Fleischer and you haven't talked about Steve Keene at all
Yes, I did
And did you know, well maybe I missed it
Yeah, well maybe you missed, I said Mr. Ego, that's how we refer to him
Oh Mr. Ego, you know, the guy is so sick, he actually baddened me this morning from the show anymore
I see, which is why he just gave his name on me, I was just about to ask him why he gave his name on me
Talking about chronic colors
So don't think that we're taking chronic from shows that barely even exist, that barely make a blip on the Richter scale of life
And we're going to fly over here now, Randy Fleischer, which we don't care what your name is
See, that's another thing, the worst thing you can do, and they do it on the lot of the show
I guess that all the shows are set to ours on this station, it's a very bad idea
Giving the names of colors, oh here's Joe and Kendall, and as soon as you're all Joe and Kendall not him again, oh geez
And the people are already reaching for the dial, they're punching it and the button too
Bad idea
But hey listen, they're all experts, they're all great programmers
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line
It's going to be pretty grim today, there's nobody in town, nice, easy and no traffic coming to work this morning
I didn't see anybody, really nice, don't forget, pizza law, 6 to 9 p.m. tonight, we'll have all the best of these stuff, Joe Castello will be there
Oh you will? Oh Joe's going to be there tonight, how do you like that?
He's going to be my bodyguard in case Peter Lender's work will work
Peter Lender comes by to beat you up since Peter denies writing this letter, which we know he wrote it
I mean, we know he wrote it, what do you think now, do you think he wrote it or not?
I don't want to put you on, no, no, seriously, why are you raising your eyes like that? I'm asking you an honest question
I'm asking you, he was very demon and denied it and said that somebody over there a queer channel wants to get him fired or whatever
But I'm asking what do you think? Yeah, okay, here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Mobile in Miami?
Too bad we don't have the BBC or CNN here this call, okay, they're still twisting it
Here's a mobile and four-later Dale, hello?
Good morning Neil, how are you?
Okay, happy holidays to you and George. Same to you.
And I wanted to say, you know, I don't always agree with you but I think...
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, where I hold it?
I don't ever want to hear anybody say that again, I mean, why do people feel compelled to say that?
I'm expecting everybody to always agree with me, what's the point in that? Why do you have to say that?
That's because I think it's a great thing, you bring it different.
I don't think you do topics, but you give us an opportunity to listen to a different point of view
because as you said, limbrough show, everybody is a ditto head.
There's no different points of view there.
Yeah, and that's why his demographics are older than sawdust.
Yeah, and you give us the ability to go ahead and speak our minds, but the other day nobody would call him
and talk about any of the topics you were talking about, but I just wanted to say, keep up the good work.
And I also think you're a great humanitarian and the Miami Harrel's only good for one thing.
Teaching your dog how to go poop outside.
Okay, that's all right, bye.
See, there you go again with most damn sounds on tape.
Okay, we got almost every line on the board is open now because after all, who don't want to talk about this?
When we could be talking about the election again and about alien and those goddamn Cubans and yeah.
See, and that's another thing, Mr. Baxter, your little jackass, Miss Baxter.
That's called Mr. Miss Baxter.
Now, if I wanted this to be just a festival, hey, David, I was taking that drive at home yesterday.
You know how easy that would be?
I could don't even have to read a newspaper.
Just roll out of bed, come in here in the morning, 10 o'clock, and just open the phone and invite a festival or hate.
And there are days just like yesterday.
When you've got those two or three, you know, the chronic, my raccoon, the same.
And I know that they just have a couple of goofballs, a couple of assholes.
And then the one's far too, oh, if a black man sits on the, remember that one sits on the three?
You're a rip in a man ass, but if a white guy, yeah, that crap.
So it'd be very easy just to lose all perspective and turn this into a festival or hate.
I think we'll start that at noon.
This is 560, you weigh a, the Neil Roger Show, your sports radio, 560, Q, A, Ham.
I'm not going to bother you breath, you're beautiful.
Right now, the red spot right, Marshall Delays, headquartered in Washington, the Jim Baker singers.
I know, no more fascist little friends, you're too close to call the guy.
Say, ah, true, there's no Republican for life.
I know, I know, I know, you're so powerful fascist, you're a boss.
Ain't you proud to know, okay?
Perhaps a dicker, I'm tied up to your truck, pale patterns.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
This has been a great day in every respect except seeing her.
Don't let that happen again for at least another year and a half, please.
This audience man, wipped up to a friend you today, two calls, what will take him real fast?
No, if Miami.
me hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
Wait a second.
Let me tell you, screw that guy at the hairrow.
No you should.
And you mentioned that Greg Reed hasn't given you any money yet for a plan period of $1.
$1.
Well you know this one he was listening to part 96 and he gave that whole morning crew the
whole rest of the week and next week and after that up to January 3rd off.
Really?
Now instead of giving them the extra days off he should have given you their money or their
salary to donate it to you.
You know what I mean?
You should add a cheap prick.
I'm not joking.
He just won't come through a squad and either with a company, not a penny for plan
pair.
That's terrible.
I got my key chain, I got my CD and I'm all set.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot Nail.
Good luck.
Yeah, that's just the nature of the company.
Just the way they are.
They're not.
Are they going to change?
No.
In fact I just had to ask.
Bluff had to go double check because ordinarily pay day would be December 25th which is Monday
Christmas Day and of course nobody's expected to work on Christmas Day.
So I asked Bluff what because George just got his vote out.
Some of our booklets here.
Seeing this how today is probably the deadline since the second turn of the fall book is coming
after Saturday at 2.30 which is going to be really really bad and at this point I don't
really care.
I'm expecting the worst.
But you know you can't be on top forever just like Kevin Baxter says and look at the
phone.
There's almost nobody on the phone here.
Once upon a time we had an audience but then of course the Cubans all got pissed off.
They ran away.
The Republicans, the Bush people they all got pissed off.
They ran away.
The old Jews, they got pissed off.
They ran away.
The Spargers who couldn't figure out how to vote and couldn't read.
They got pissed off.
They're all gone.
So that's just George and me sitting here talking to ourselves although we're having a
very good time doing it today.
We're having a blast.
And we always had music.
Yeah we've always got music to play in the background since Kevin Baxter believes that
it's the turn of radio dials back in the days he's talking about.
There was still an AM stations playing music.
You know it sounds really good.
It sounds really good like low five you know low five music on the AM.
Like that piece of crap which I hate that.
Oh god.
It's one of my least favorite songs of all time.
So let's see if we actually get any calls today because it is the holidays we don't want
to put a lot of pressure on you.
And how come he doesn't even mention the goddess in here at all which I think is you know
I mean even though her audience is all over the age of 100 she did a pretty yeoman job
there during the election stuff.
George said she did her homework and she was looking at it and we're still technical
her.
So how she and the anomeria get not.
Here's the mobile and homestead.
Hello.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning sir.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
And the same to you if you're celebrating any of that stuff.
I am on it.
Listen to hell.
Don't pay them no mind.
It's a rag.
Yeah.
I've laid the hell then it's just one that's worse.
You know why your talk shows are the best talk shows I've ever listened to.
It is.
Keep it up.
You did everybody speak their mind on like Rush Limbaugh was a little bit close minded or
as you play in your song.
Yeah.
You want to say hi and have a have a holiday.
Okay.
And back to you sir.
Yes sir.
Light him carefully in the candles too.
Yes.
Okay watch where you stick him.
560.
At 0560.
Pound 560.
Not that I'm looking for recognition because every time you're going to get in this town just
like the thing with a radio.
Maybe a fundraiser for plant parent.
In fact even Tom jick and my close ball personal friend when he wrote that article remember
about the charity and you'll whatever with a question mark like.
I'm not.
But we're still trying to figure out what that column was all about.
In other words don't be too nice to know because it looks like you're sucking up to
him which feel consternate.
Never had any problem with that because he really loved the show.
He didn't like the show.
He loved the show.
Bill cost for it.
And on a shame it worked out.
See if he was around today which I wish he were and writing that stuff.
The hell probably wouldn't publish it.
Because I think that's basically kind of like an unwritten law now.
Don't write anything good about that fact because he keeps you from asking to hate this
like poison and he's onto us.
That has been for 25 years.
Oh yeah you better be nice to the hair.
I'll be.
I remember when I first came here the guy that was the radio writer and I've told you this
before for the old.
His name was Jack Anderson.
Not the columnist, the big fat one from Washington but the local's local little fart.
And the word got out that he didn't even own a radio.
Didn't own a radio.
Maybe he had a radio in his car but I remember he didn't have a radio in his house and this
was the radio columnist for the hero back in those days.
Jack Anderson.
And you know what he's doing now.
You know what he's doing?
No I don't.
Pushing up daisies.
Here's the mobile and I guess he won't have a radio that won't be there.
I'm going to be a radio reporter.
Real well.
Mobile and Pumber Pine.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm a big fan of talk radio.
Yes.
Yeah I love it.
You know what I was wondering if PMI for one thing you know their FM they're taking a
going to talk.
Well that's what this article says.
I really doubt that.
I mean they keep dropping that little you know.
Well that would be Don and Mike in.
No yeah Don and Mike they're really great.
Wait Neil.
They are ripping it.
They're there.
Anyway.
How about Rick and Sutters?
I'm serious.
No we're not talking about a national show.
They're already on in this market.
Who would you like to have on in the market who aren't on?
Well actually well the only one I could think of would be Don and Mike but if they're looking
for.
Don and Mike blow.
Yeah even Gilbert knows that.
They're pathetic.
They're pathetic.
You know what they might be but people.
In addition to which they're not a local show it's a syndicated show.
What local talent would you like to have on here?
Give me some names who's got to be on WTM to be interesting and get an audience.
There is one that I have in mind but every time I say her name you get all p.o.
and fired up.
Yeah who's that?
No no because you're just going to.
That woman that you don't even know the name.
I know her name.
I know her name.
Well let's hear it.
Give me a second.
It's that.
Oh God you know.
Oh Jesus.
That one.
Yeah.
Believe me.
I know her name very well.
I'm her biggest fan.
Uh huh.
Well if you're her biggest fan you don't know her name.
She must have some kind of a fan club.
She must have a gigantic following.
She had the fisherman on her show.
The fifth.
Oh Sandy.
Is that it?
No.
The fisherman?
No no she had the strippers and you you hate her guts like that.
Oh nice day.
Oh you're talking about Liz Wilde?
Liz Wilde.
Well she got canned already.
She got canned and she she earned numbers were so small that you couldn't see with a
amount of paramarteles go.
All right but Don and Mike.
She had no audience.
Hey you get out of here.
See there's exactly I hope this guy looks with Kevin Baxter.
In fact I think he's probably his type.
Man I am so sure you have no idea what you've done for me.
That was the definitive call.
That's exactly what I was looking for right there because that's your chronic old and
every now and then we get him.
Oh did you hear what Steve Cain said?
Of course not because nobody under the age of 100 is looking at that crap.
Did you hear what has little quiz lane board?
I said no I don't even know where he is in the dial.
Those are the same people that put W.
snooze out of business that put the right ball about a business.
Those are the same people who are dying over there.
Living and breathing people will not listen to people over the age of 100.
Even though sometimes it's very entertaining from a sadistic standpoint.
When you see how long before their bag goes over flows but other than that.
Nobody wants to listen to that.
I sure don't.
Oh you mean to say you never listen to Joyce Kaufman?
No no no.
First of all any person that would go on here and call themselves Kaufman in the first place.
It's like saying okay all you old Jews here I am.
You know what I'm saying?
That's basically what it was.
Hello Joyce he is so wonderful.
How they hang in the sweetheart.
That's what everybody asked Randy when they call how they hang.
No seriously she and Maria still pretty tight.
5 6 7 0 5 50.
Let's sell that story after we do the break.
This is 5 60 Q.A.M.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
All right.
Randy not the away.
Morning 51.
Fantasy will have to do you ain't getting on.
Yeah.
We will.
Rady dream of.
Oh where.
Game right track.
Total
Who's
I started wasted,
parking trash with a smile.
You had stopped your ass,
and it ain't enough.
In a while,
it ain't enough.
I didn't know why.
I just had a great idea.
We could kill probably two hours with a cackle off.
The Bill Marshall bird cackle off.
That might kill some good time.
What do you say?
No.
Just a thought.
You're going to be sorry you said all those terrible things about him when you go to the
police gates and he's standing there like a kind of hunts over.
Oh yeah, he'll be there too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60.
So she and Annemarie were doing one.
Oh, Randy was hoping.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th.
I'm pretty weak here today.
Pretty weak.
Let's get some lunch in here now.
You don't have to eat it.
Why is it always always got to be about you and with you on the eat?
How about me, Mr.
You know what it is?
It's like I'm the prisoner of whoever's in there.
Like next week, if Joe working next week, when you're on vacation.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Joe's going to be where he'll have to go.
So I have to have food in here every day because when Joe works, it's like,
and Joe's great, but we got to have food and he starts pounding and getting all bent out of shape.
I don't know if you have food.
I just need to eat.
Why are we going to get?
That's why I made a face.
Well, sure I'm not going to get that stuff from like this morning.
No way.
I'm off of that already.
In fact, I feel great.
I don't have no IBS today.
I don't have any grid.
I don't have to feel like a human maybe.
And we just got some free burgers so you could choke on the juice.
And they don't have burgers at Arby's.
In fact, what does it say again?
Let me get the letter.
I'll one minute.
What does this thing get me beat up?
Good.
Beef and cheddar.
I love beef and cheddar.
I really don't.
That's not like when they first came out with them.
In fact, the first one I ever had was in East Lansing, Michigan.
How do you like that?
I'm Grand River Avenue.
I think Arby's up there, which I'm sure it's not still there.
I think it's still there.
No.
Like the Cunningham drugs.
I'm sure it's long gone.
But at any rate, yeah, I used to like that.
In fact, the jimoki shakes are very good.
Not as good as those stick chocolate shakes from Steak and Shake, which they are kicking ass.
And you can thank me for that too.
Okay, Kevin Baxter.
Steak and Shake.
Even though we have no audience,
and even though I'm a disgusting old prover,
I'm going to place farting sounds on the radio.
All I got to do is whisper something.
And people are running out there and getting it,
because they know it's going to be pretty dang good.
Unless, of course, it's a Peter Leonard account.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
Steak and Shake.
Shots!
Line.
Here's another bad song.
Lover and Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the gentleman that called regarding Toronto,
you could say, East Grove 990, or Copies.
C-O-P-P-I-S.
C-O-P-I-S?
And where is that?
Where are they located?
One's on Young, just at the city limits.
That's Copies.
And the other one, B-Stro 990, is Jarvis and King Area.
Okay.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Happy holiday.
Same to you.
Thanks a lot.
And Go Leafsco, that's a quick blowing game to the girls team.
It's a big night for them all night.
Sounds pretty good to me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Rumors that Eric Lindross will be in a Maple Leaf uniform
by the time that, what's his name?
By the time Mario Lemieux comes back to play against Leafs,
the 27th, which is, what's day is that?
19th, the week from tomorrow.
Week from Wednesday.
That's the rumor.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
New Haru, they...
I'm doing great.
And I'm a big black guy that called you up.
It tells you how much I just cringe when I heard that thing you would play
about the Quack-O-Teen.
Yeah.
Please don't do it, please.
Okay.
Anyway, listen, you know, the people have not figured out.
Are you there?
I'm here.
The people have not figured out.
Why indeed you are the emperor of radio,
really of the airwaves.
And I think I got the reason why this talk radio stuff doesn't work.
And that's this.
I've listened to a lot of different people.
About eight months ago, it was this guy.
It was this black guy who was on Waxi.
He was running time from Waxi.
Oh, yeah.
That was the Leonard Pitches.
That's the one from the New Haru.
Oh, that was the guy who was going to be in Ferguson.
Who is it?
Van Ferguson.
Van Morrison.
Ferguson.
Yeah.
He was all in Roosevelt.
Oh, Van Morrison.
Yeah.
That was one of that brown eyed.
Well, he got one of actually a Caribbean skulls who really had a great format.
He tried to sing basic talk radio for me.
He thought there was a need for it.
And English-speaking talk radio station.
And during the time that Elian was going on, he was really reaching out to a lot of calls.
And right after that, everything just died.
A lot of chronic calls, a lot of the same people.
It was just like you say, repeat calls.
I mean, they were at clockwork.
He knew them by first name basis.
I mean, what he called it, he don't want to talk about.
He always talked things for college in the day.
The same routine.
And I agree with you.
I think what makes you work, which most people don't realize, is that you get on everybody's case.
And it's so much fun because I used to get really angry at you, but you were really racist.
I don't know what to do, but I think, look at this guy.
He's talking about himself.
He's talking about the Jews.
He's talking about the Spanish guys.
He's talking about everybody.
So I think of an equal opportunity, annoyance.
You know, a lot of people like that.
They haven't figured out how to make this thing work.
Now you figured out a long time ago.
You get it down to the science.
And nobody else could come along and do that now without a peer.
The name of the game is entertainment.
Everybody's not a radio and thinks they were here to solve the problem.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's here.
If you're not entertaining, you have no audio.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's here.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
I know.
What do they do?
Take that off.
Flip it on
I mean, talk would be great on FM if you had a great lineup but the idea that in this market you're going to all of a sudden create all these good.
When you look at all the losers they brought through here, it's just that's gonna happen.
Those people won't exist.
They're out of dime a dozen.
And I'll pass something else.
The last remaining few people around you, like Steve K. , for example.
These are the stations where the signal is so poor.
I'd wear in the studio every day.
It's very, very, that's a minor lead to say the least.
Because you hear calls getting disconnected, you hear them from around, not being able to find out which line is all.
Again, just again, just again, just again, just again, just again, just come to get your problem.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. So you see, the moment here is, you are indeed, as I said before, you are the imperilator, really are ways you go boy.
Okay. Have a good day.
Thanks for the suck job. Thank you. I feel much better now.
5667055050. So if somebody says you must read the letter again because we tune in late.
I did read it right at the beginning. I think it's worth reading again.
Absolutely. Okay. Now let me give you the background of this.
So I come in this morning. Now Peter Leonard has come in here.
And of course, Peter was highly pissed off last week because of something that happened with one of his sponsors on this show.
One of our former sponsors on this show, which is gone by by.
And it's just the way it goes. You know, I mean, nothing is forever.
You know what I'm saying, George? Nothing is forever. And it just happened.
But of course, Peter took it on me and then also on George and came in here,
sterming around like some kind of a lunatic, which he is admittedly so. He's a lunatic, crazy person.
So I get a letter this morning and it's and it's sounded just like he's sick.
Because if you ever heard those spots, those red rough answer, those horrible spots he does, that's him.
So I think they have a better understanding what we're talking about.
I didn't read what that's our shell and fresh oil. Those spots. He's a madman.
Anyway, here's the letter. It says, dear fat F and free loader.
How dare you talk poorly regarding one of my favorite restaurants in all of South Florida?
The Little Red Caboose, delicious burger sauteed onions with fantastic hand cut fries outstanding.
Which I've never said anything bad, by the way, about Little Red Caboose.
But I don't know why I don't know what that part of this comes from. But anyway, it goes on.
But it happens to be one of his accounts.
It says, you think we don't read between the lines with your screaming Schmidt noises and your ever-poppy
with a Cuban houseboy sidekick to kiss your ass and change your depends diapers.
George is a sad sack of Schmidt who's just waiting for one of those free F and meals to give you that final kick in the ass
and you drop dead with hand-butt reduce oozing from your fat double chin. What a way to go.
I wish you would go through a drive-through fast food joint such as R.B.'s for example, take four beef and cheddar,
shove them down your free loader and F and throat, choke violently kick the floor and croak.
Then they come and inspect your dead talentless body and promptly shove a Jamoka shake up your ass for good measure.
And I do love those good Jamoka shakes.
Spectum! Yeah.
As for your worthless show, you're lucky to have so much talent in your sales department just to be able to sell a show of the Schmidt your pedaling.
What kind of humanoid would spend one dollar on the show full of Schmidt noises,
Jews begging for free food, Jews bringing in free pizza, Cubans eating ass, a program that is an avenue for you, the Chief F and Jew, to get free Schmidt.
Go away and take that effing, rafriting Cuban's comeback with you.
Except for Ky-Jelly, I don't know who would buy a commercial on that four hours of Schmidt you do daily.
You should kiss every salesperson's ass and thank them for anything they can sell.
Your pathetic Schmidt healers mentioned E.C. out of living in this radio market that's desperate for a noise that oozes out of their radio.
I call it a cheap F and Scumbag in the right place at the right time.
As for the so-called charity drive you do, we all know you skim serious dollars off the top of it.
You ain't bullsh mitten anyone asshole, you're the equivalent to Jerry Lewis except at least he bangs women and as a chain smoke and non-funny Jew reminds me of you.
You cheap F and Jews are all alike.
Keep scamming that chump change, people know you skim, that's why every year the dollars go down.
I never listen to your free Schmidt produce program. Why don't you, you might, yeah I guess I, there's so many of men here I'm not sure I'm catching everyone.
Why don't you do everyone a big F and favor, pack your Schmidt and take your trip to Fagstor Dam.
You have long F over these people here now it's time to take your pathetic burger filled, stinky Schmidt filled course, quote somewhere else.
As for George, pass this letter over to him and let him see that he's not wanted either.
George, go play with yourself, you bed wetter with an electric blanket. I love going to dinner with your wife and she even pays with your money.
Money you make while standing by yourself at remote broadcast, keep standing there alone with your free sandwiches and cell phone deals.
I'll be enjoying quality time with you old lady. F off you Jaggoffs, sign Pete Lenny.
Pete Lenny, kind of short for like Peter Leonard. Yeah, sound for you. Now he vehemently denies. Maybe we ought to take a poll on that.
Find out how many people I think that he really worked with her because he denies it vehemently.
Came in here and tripped my hand and got all wet in the post. I mean, it just sounds like him, you know.
Sounds like it's not his handwriting on the envelope or on the letter. We've already examined that. Screw and check that out.
5.67.05.60. I mean, how could anybody else be as psychotic as he is moving one?
Here's a mobile and Pembert Pine. So. Oh, Neil, how are you? I'm doing great. You're wound up now. Listen to me. I'm in your old stomping ground with Pembert Lakes over here.
We miss you over here. Listen, he brought up a name a little while ago. Every time I hear this name, I get happy and sad at the same time that's Bill Cosford.
He was the only reason I even read that's thinking rag of arrow. He was the best person in it. He was a real human being.
Yeah. And, you know, I didn't know him personally. He was a grub guy.
All the public figures that have died in the past 15 to 20 years, he's the only person that actually rightly cried when I read this story about a dying.
Really? Yeah, because he was like, he was, I'm a big movie fan. And every Friday, I look forward to getting those movie reviews.
And I would read, you know, four or five of his reviews. And he wasn't some pontificating, snooty critic. He was a down-to-earth guy who was just like movies.
And I used to really identify with him. And so I almost like a lot of friends. You know? He really liked the malat and it's a shame when the good guy young.
And every time I hear his name, I kind of get melancholy. I just want to thank you for bringing him up.
Okay. Thanks for calling.
So, you know, like, new times and city-length every once in a while because they got a bunch of fags at both papers.
But I mean, seriously, once a while I write something good about me or about filler about, you know, somebody who's on the air that they respect or they enjoy their program.
And that's fine. But in the Harold, it's like in New York.
Once the last time anybody read a positive, a couple of many articles about Howard and the New York papers, it's a par for the course.
They got to take shots at him because, first of all, he's highly successful, much more than they are.
Secondly, making billions times more money than they ever will. And, thirdly, because he's not, he doesn't fit into their moral of what the broadcasting is supposed to be.
That's why, like, all the politicians in all day, they stuffed shirt, suck up the imus because he's, like, a sad, pathetic, dead old man in the chair who used to be funny 20 years ago, but isn't anymore.
And looks like he's about two breaths away from a death any moment. But at any rate, 5, 6, 7, how's that pool coming?
When I listen to the old mainly for humor for topics because he pisses me off or for a little bit of both for a little bit of both 100 out of 134 for humor 25 for topics for because he pisses me off 5 for topics for Kevin back to 4 people listen to the show for topics.
And there's 4 topics. Yeah, 4 topics. The death penalty abortion.
What is it? Immigration slash bilingualism. Full honors. And the right and the left and the in between.
This is 560 QAM 430560. Now the QAM by Andy Portlottardale, a beastly, my task group station, WQAM.com with a world.
I'm Trevor Kidd of Florida Pondthers. Happy 24th anniversary now.
Thanks, Trevor. You're the best, baby.
You're right George. It's all about free. Wayne Arnold and Hudson are coming over with some pre-lunch today because it's all about free food for Jews. That's what it is on this show.
Even for a little Cubans like George and even other Cubans like Miguel. He'll take some free food with the money he's making. Why not?
So do you get that thing straightened out? Good. That's good because don't let that Greg Reed stick it to him. Tony Hill. He'll know.
He would stab his grandma on the back for food. He said, how fast some people can move when properly motivated.
Yeah, right. What a dick he is that Greg Reed with a bad haircut. You know, I think with all his wife's money, with all the beastly's money, be able to get a decent haircut.
Which I need to haircut. Terrible. Real bad. What a bitch. It is my barber. Mike is on the first of all, he's not working the same. He's got a ton for a couple of weeks. Why can't I go and get a decent haircut?
Oh, God. He hates to go into some strange place. You're going to come out walking, looking like one of those farmer haircuts.
Might have taken up state in New York. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the I don't care who I'm just going like this. I don't need a guy named haircut. My hair look okay. Just turn the sideburns. No.
Turn them with what? You have to have an electric thing to do that. You have like a thing a attachment on your razor.
An attachment on a on a razor. I don't use electric razor. I don't use an electric razor.
Oh, I don't. Oh, well, then don't you have an attachment for it? Yeah, you should see it. Yeah, that thing that. He had an attachment for that. That's what Scrooam was talking about before.
She had a big smile on her purse when she was talking about it. Don't ever let her come in here again. Please have a look.
Of all the things that happened to everything else I took of the great humor. It was been a tremendous day, but not seeing her. She is just so full of crap.
Here's a lady in Tamarack. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, hi. I can barely hear you, Neil. How are you? How is this? Is this better? No. That's okay.
Must be you have a crappy phone. Listen, I have a request. Yes, ma'am. This is one of these real.
It's all requests. Two days a matter of fact. It's your lucky day. Oh, great. This is one of those rare occasions that I'm not down playing Vingo at Seminole and I'm home with my daughter.
Your husband and daughter. Please play that Catholic funeral song about the black woman. You played it like that.
Oh, geez. Oh, yeah. Catholic funeral song about the black woman. I think I'm my way down to Seminole and I was hysterical.
So could you play it so my husband and daughter can hear it? I work on it. Thanks. Bye. The Catholic funeral song she's talking about.
All you can eat Negro. Are you sure? Absolutely. Okay. Well, work that ends matter. It'll kill some excellent time because they don't have too much to say anyway.
So holidays, people want to get away from all this crap. They don't want to argue and fight about some stupid stadium for some billionaire for some ballgame that they don't care about anyway. We don't care.
I've got a whole different attitude and I'm glad that I do because what is it? Things that are important and that are worth getting all pissed off about. Get pissed off about them. It's not worth getting pissed off about the Marlins.
You wanted the pink of Picanian here. You got them. So don't be surprised that he's going to stab you in the back again. You like him. You like it in Dave County. Here's a mobile and Davie. Hello.
I need a lot of holidays. How you doing? Same to you. A guy Pete got stuck up his rectum. That's what I'm hearing. He just people like me out there who love you the death. So drop dead.
Okay. Hello. Yes. And all these commercial about the ball then? Yeah. Ball is beautiful. Any guys without these rug rats on top of your head, you look ridiculous. Okay. Have a great day. See you tonight.
Bye. There you go. Bob Eisenberg. He just told you I guess get that dead muskrat off your head. Of course, in his case, it wouldn't make any difference. Take it would help. No. No. He's a real dick that Bob Eisenberg. Change his name for sales. I guess 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
See, and if it's interesting, I don't want to go through that Greg reeping again. He was when Sam was the promotion director in there. I don't want to go through a lot of internal stuff again when he was in there sitting on his ass all day, grabbing up all the freebies for himself and banging every chicken world in the QA box up there with a guy named Maria. That was okay because he was like kind of an unofficial part of their family.
But people come along into a good job and they got like, you know, suck up and do this and do that. This this guy. He is just brutal. But George got his bonus finally for the summer book. It's only the 19th of fricking December. December book with let's see July. What is it June July and August? What is it?
July, September, October, and Rosoli three months later. It's not too bad for him. Here's Pompano. Hello. Happy holidays Mr. Rochester. Same to you sir. This is just flyer, but even not the one you hate. What I don't know. I hate. I don't know the one you hate, but I know you don't hate me because I don't call that often.
Okay. Dennis and Rimmer were reporting that Leclerc is going to be in that trade too. Did you hear anything about that?
That's one of the rumors. Yeah, that they're going to make a big package deal. It's going to be by way of a buffalo supposedly. The thing I was hearing about is they're going to trade Lindross and look here to Buffalo. They're going to get Mike Peckin, whoever else. And then Buffalo is going to spin them off to the lease and I don't know who to leave. I don't know. I'm really scared at least they're going to give up too much.
That's my next question I was going to ask you. What are you going to have to give up to get those guys? I'm afraid in addition to which what in the world? Why do they need? I mean, they're both great players, but why does Toronto need both of those guys? I mean, they're scoring more goals than their problem is an offense. It's defense.
I don't understand it either. Why do they have to pick them right tomorrow? It was coming back to. I didn't hear anything. You haven't commented too much about that. How do you feel about number 66?
I think it's great for the game. Why? I mean, you know, these idiots say well, you know, he owns the team. So he's hoping to get his 20 minutes. He wants, you know, who cares about that? It's great for the game. All of us who are real fans should be just kissing the ground. The fact he's coming back in the waiting game.
I think he's got. I've got goosebumps on my arms just thinking about him returning. I wish he was going to be here tomorrow night. I wish he was doing it. The game after the one again against Toronto, but nevertheless, we'll survive. I can understand that. That's all I wanted to know. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
So we got a few real hockey fans out there. Not too many, which is why you don't hear too much of it on the show because, like I said, Kevin, back to it's called survival.
You got to give the public what they want to hear. You can't force feed them a bunch of old-style turd, okay, which is what you want to do. Oh, let's turn the clock back and even points out in this stupid article, which I know I'm getting whipped up about. It's been.
It's been 10 years since the WS news crew since they finally pulled the plug on WS news 10 years. The station still there. Yeah, station still there. It's a waxy. It's our farm team.
Yeah, we found out the ball games that we can't squeeze in it just like we had the Heracruz basketball game on last night.
I went to the WS 790. Didn't some of those old talks show people by the way back onto that station. Yeah, for a little while. It's like whatever happened to Henry Henry Bell. He was on here for about 10 minutes.
And the new improved Sandy show and who was his agent and then Sandy was on there doing her boring terrible horrendous thing for about 15 minutes.
Sam the same old pirate have a nice day crap. Talk about the same stupid old bitches about bilingualism and how much they hate the Cubans and hate each other and hate themselves.
Talk about see, and why is it that they're never the ones who are fingered out as being the peddlers of hate. See, I got a little bone to pick with my bald head friend Tom Jicca, who's been very good to me over the years and is a, you know, he's a friend.
But the fact is that he used to be on my show and then everybody I have on my show all of a sudden would show up on the Sandy Peyton show back into the days when I had guests and Tom would come on and talk about TV and radio and he was a good guest except he was always gripsing too much.
Remember that maybe Tom has got good because he was always always grips it and seriously he's only guest ever had who was always burping his brains out on the air.
But anyway, so then she started having them on which is okay fine who cares.
But then he started sucking up to her and that really fostered my ass so anytime people would say, oh, and then the arrived as he's the peddler of hate.
He's the one always formatting all this hate and in the meantime that's all she ever talked about was God then bilingualism what a bunch of picks the Cubans were. That's all she ever said. Did anybody ever finger her for that?
Did anybody ever finger her for anything? Well, and not around anymore to tell those tales poor and what a sure work to over who whatever her remains pretty good financially and physically I'm sure poor and.
Don't have that fat pitch to kick around anymore and Bishop who had that big thing up there channel 10 the newsroom on a bulletin board anyone who listen to the Orogers show will be fired immediately is not sooner.
Channel 10 although Todd tongue in the still he's a big fan. Huh? Who's Todd tongue in this Don? No.
Nine minutes after I don't know what's that station. I don't know what it is that that white lottery and that bitch Diane Magnum that came to my house and then came up with a bull crap that ridiculous story about my who.
No, it wasn't even her was it was her and Gail bright Gail not so bright. That was Diane. Now that I'm actually the story but then the girl bright had some and she wasn't involved in that. No, yes, she was. I don't think so.
I saw it. Was she behind the scenes something I didn't know I think he was behind Diane's behind is what she was behind Gail not so bright.
Anyway, boy we've sure seen him come and go this market man. It's been a long long line and you know something you know the one who came and went and really just leaves a bad bad taste in my mouth.
Yeah, I don't want to get started with that damn crap again about me or ping a picania but that one we thought he was a good guy.
We thought he was our pie's on it was a good friend and now he thought he was latching out of a star and he like last time a big elephant turn.
Ask is what he's got a hold on one man to get a in fact you know who he looked a little bit like.
You don't think he looked a little bit like Miguel or well you know they all look alike there. I wish.
Well, one man he had always never he was just kind of bland he'd like you know industrial strength Cuban.
It's 11 minutes after you know the 560 WQF.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s.
QA.
I had one in my mouth once.
The holiday season everyone loves Christmas Carol's but until now no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year.
That's why I said until now introducing public a carols on PD.
Car.
Car.
It's always right that's best best.
They say something new.
He's new.
He's new.
He's new.
Now it's been your time.
I think he carols on CD.
It's like a vehicle as it gets you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season.
On the day of time of time my mom got a pay.
Eight pounds chopped with a seven slabs of cornpeed.
Sing for paid a lot of supply and years of years.
If you're tired of the old traditional song of the holidays.
Here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it.
You better buy gifts.
Again the month sale.
You know how we ate today we had.
Car.
It's coming.
To town.
Car.
It's a holiday collection.
You just can't get it.
It's over.
Okay 1214 at 560.
Happy.
Happy Christmas.
Happy.
You're celebrating.
Happy for you.
Am I celebrating?
No.
I might just stick around for those trends today.
I think we're going to be celebrating now because later it's going to be really, really grim.
We can all sit around and say cottage for what we used to have those great numbers.
What have we gone to 2554?
Do we know?
Remember what the number was?
Are we on about the fourth page on here?
Oh boy, 35.
Can't get any worse than that.
Wow.
Of course that's men and women.
It's going to be really ugly because we're going to have two bad months in row because it's going to arbitrar on our numbers.
Our audience is vanished in September and October.
Generally they'll go along for a few months and then one month they'll allege that our audience just disappeared one month.
This month they had us two months in row of September and October.
So unless they all came back in November which I doubt because certainly all the Bush people abandoned us or released wrote down that they abandoned us in November.
We got real problems.
Or I should say management's got real problems.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's a call from Baltimore. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Jesse Jackson is Vintella Haffy.
He's counting votes and so is his dog Laffy.
Do you know that they paid him?
Okay. Thanks. Thanks for calling.
56670560. See what I mean?
Now right there is a classic example.
Right there it's just like we ran into it in Berkwal.
That's probably the guy who faxed me earlier that he listens in Baltimore which I appreciate the facts but I wish I wish really wish you wouldn't have called.
I would have given anything if you wouldn't have done that because now I don't feel nearly so good about the facts.
In fact now I feel pretty crappy about the facts.
Don't you?
I feel really bad because that was like a real living and breathing person.
See this isn't that kind of show.
We're not interested in Jesse Jackson.
It's the holidays. All of that crap is over when we're putting it in our behind and we're not looking at a review mirror anymore.
We're just moving straight on ahead and going in with the good things in life.
Okay. If you wanted to dwell on all this crap, find call up fat ass limbaugh, call up G Gordon Litty and all those other Nazis, call up Ali North, call up Mr. and Mrs. North.
Anybody want call up Peter North for that matter. He'll show you a good time.
He'll show you something.
But not on this show.
Well, we're getting some phenomenal calls that are really making my case for me then.
I do thank you for that.
He's almost as good as the guy that was talking about the watching him. They didn't know what her name was.
Luz, not so wild.
Eight million open lines here that they boy it's your rough and really tough.
Keep going during these holidays.
Enough to make you want to take all the holidays off because if there's anything I need, it's a lot more vacation.
Oh yeah. Much more time off.
If we didn't have that free lunch and those numbers coming out at 230, I just, I just say screw it till Friday when that paycheck comes in.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Happy holidays.
Same to you sir.
You got a phone in there.
You can wipe those with that article.
Yeah.
Your phone is brutal.
Oh sorry.
Call me back later.
Okay, because this is, I hope somebody will buy him a new phone for the holidays.
Because that phone was just butchress.
All our lines are working.
Let's see. There we got something to look forward to.
I'll try and finally kicked in right before the end of the year.
Yeah.
Before the end of the millennium.
In fact, more and more I'm reading from people who find out.
I guess it took them several months to come around but they all started realizing, oh you know what you're right Neil?
This is a new millennium starts January 1, 2001.
Oh.
Just like the first one of the second ten apples is number 11, not number 10.
Oh.
I see.
All you have to do is just keep reminding yourself there was no year or zero.
That is very simple.
The first year was one.
Huh?
Oh.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
So.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes I am.
Oh right, Ken.
I'm not a phone of the, I don't care.
I just got a real funny thing that happens when we were a weekend.
Yeah.
My grandmother is like God's representative.
She's hard.
She's got the agent.
Uh huh.
And my wife had surgery over the weekend, right?
Yeah.
So they do with everyone, you know, when they're sick or whatever.
Whole bunch of whole group from her church went over her house.
Oh.
That's right.
Yeah.
See how she was doing and whatever support and all this crap, right?
Anyway.
My grandmother goes to her, I have a five disc city player.
Yeah.
And I had burned a CD for a friend of mine.
I'm going up to New York with a whole bunch of your bits, right?
And a whole bunch of your veins.
And it had the Pope's smoked stove.
Great.
It had, um, it got smoked cannabis.
Great.
It had, um, uh, there's an, oh my religion's better than your religion.
Excellent.
Right.
You have a bunch of them, right?
So anyway, it's like 10 30, it's y'all have enough.
And now they're playing Christmas song.
My wife had a couple of C.B.
Of Christmas.
So as they talk and whatever and it's in the background, this Christmas stuff, this is our play.
There's a five disc city player and when automatic and one, one's over, it moves to the next one.
Yeah.
It moves off the neck.
It's pushed your right hand.
And in the middle of conversation, where you hear it's called a silent and it comes to a pile of smoke stove.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
There were 12 people in the house that all got up with the safe oven.
What a dog.
I love it.
What a great way to clear a role, man.
I want to thank you for presenting dollars.
It was well worth it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great life, amigo.
Bye-bye.
And what was your plan?
You guys just hope it's tough on us.
And the folks just hope out a lot of things from what I'm here.
He says most of our wild and current and fully packed.
He's got a bomb.
And took a hit in Woody.
I'd like to teach him, John.
Yes.
And get some munchies and make brownies filled with bread.
I like green shoes.
And Woody shared it with Jesus and the saints.
Those eyes find heads.
And yeah, yeah.
Hard is fate.
And yeah, yeah.
Hard is good.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why does God smoke cannabis?
That's a topic, huh?
Smoke and fire.
It's like one of us.
Gives us high on the bachelor's birth.
Just in the most of getting so in.
On a greyhound for two rows.
To get some better skin on, bro.
I'll just go down back to take home.
Most of it got Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're so.
From 22 at 560 WQM.
I will say this, that those of you up there who are getting down to your hands and knees and kissing the ring and worshipping a silly old man in the dress.
The pub's, the pub's down.
You are the probably the biggest problem in the world.
Not him, it's you, the fact that you're that stupid.
But anyway, have a great holiday.
And don't forget to put the angel at the top of the tree too.
5607, huh?
And don't forget to put the menorah in just the right spot.
And be sure and put that mistletoe on the right place.
You can be sure and kiss somebody at the right area.
Yeah, all of these things.
And don't let your, uh, Mrs. the handcook on the outside of the door.
Be sure those evil spirits are going to slip right on through.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I'm doing great.
Good, happy holidays.
I'm 22 years old.
Just have a question for you.
I was invited actually to see a Broadway play or, I guess, a musical in this case with Phantom of the Opera.
This, uh, past weekend, really wasn't thrilled about going.
I just wanted to know about your thoughts on, I had even, that kind of stuff you enjoyed because I really wasn't enthused about it.
And I got to tell you I had a, I had a wonderful time.
Never seen anything like that in my life.
Never been to one of those things.
Really like inside of God or nothing.
Wow.
Well, it was a joy.
I mean, I really never got into that, but I'll tell you it was, it was really a thrill.
And, uh, looking forward to taking my wife and future and all that kind of stuff.
Anyways, got a question, real quick, real quick.
Yes, sir.
Any chance you're playing that, uh, I think it's the 18th-E operator thing.
I don't know exactly the name of it.
You got it.
Thank you.
Okay, and have a great holiday.
Bye-bye.
So, you know, I know where it is because I'm getting smarter.
I'm writing some of those on the outside of the, uh, I'm going to see that.
Yeah, here it is right here.
Boy, am I, am I sharp for an old fart?
Not really, but it sounds good.
I mean, we got so much damn crap.
If anybody had any concept of the 80 trillion different comedy bits and all that in the sound,
oh yeah, they're all far, you know, that we have in here.
Well, that's about 4,000 in the, uh, what, in the VCS?
Yeah.
Probably, you know, if I were a little bit smarter, I'd write on the outside.
Oh, I did.
Now we did.
Which cut it was on the disc.
So then instead of funding around killing a lot of time waiting for it to queue up like I'm doing right now,
we could like get right to it and quit wasting so much time.
So, this is Anthony and I was constantly thinking about AT&T's new calling plans.
Like, a simplified calling and reduce your phone bill.
Wait, who are you again?
AT&T.
AT&T, in your call for what?
To tell you that I knew it was calling plans.
You knew it was calling plans?
Yes sir.
All right, go ahead.
Okay.
Well, I'm here at AT&T like I said, we do have really calling plans.
Like, a simplified calling.
It's your phone bill.
If you don't mind me asking, what?
Hello?
You don't mind me?
I'm on the toilet while I'm talking to you.
Oh, okay.
What kind of lunch is this?
What's your question again?
What kind of lunch is this?
Hello.
Do you have?
We must use AT&T.
I don't know.
Okay, so it'll be about talking to you to call her back.
What?
It'll be about talking to you to call her back.
No, I, you got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom and I don't want to get up and hang it up.
So keep talking to me, all right.
Tell me more about your deals.
Okay, so you say, you think you're with the city?
Sorry, maybe MCI was sprint?
What?
What?
So you think you were with MCI or AT&T?
Something like that.
Something like that?
Okay, do you know what kind of lunch you're currently getting?
Hello.
Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it?
Here you start.
Can you say that one more time?
Oh, I'm making a poopy.
You make a poopy?
Hello?
Oh, I think you're bad.
Listen, steam off.
I put a new video.
That other thing was the direct.
All music all day, baby.
We're back to the old five, six.
We'll bring back Roba Young, Ricky Tiki, show up.
We got that cap all busted off for him.
Jim Dunlop.
Is Jim Dunlop's the married to Lynn Russell?
I don't think so.
You know Lynn Russell from the headline news?
What do you mean no?
The headline news?
Lynn Russell used to be on the morning show on KAT when I first came here.
Her and Jim Alton used to be on it with her too.
And anyway, I got a great Jim Alton's story about it.
Better not tell it on the air.
But anyhow, she moved on to bigger and better things.
She was a program director.
She just a little bit of made her the PD.
Yeah, he made her the PD.
There's the meat for lunch out on the corn.
But anyway, and now she's been for years.
She does headline news.
Lynn Russell slim black hair.
Yeah, she's nice.
She actually like sent me a note a couple of years ago.
Congratulations.
May my great success.
And then she's very nice.
Back in those days, she wasn't so nice.
But then I guess she moved on.
But anyway, she was married to Jim Dunlop who used to be on QM back in that era.
With Roba Young and all of a sudden, maybe somebody knows.
See, we don't have any of those people anymore.
They're probably all dead.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, hey, listen, you know, when you get to be as old as I am,
and the best you can do is like tinkle on the panel,
pretend to be Big Wilson.
He was a good guy.
Hello, Big.
Hello, he had tears for a while.
Yeah, awful show.
Now I'm talking about his radio show.
His TV show was also awful.
I like Dave Dixon myself.
And you know what?
Now they're both dead.
This is 560 QAF.
I told him, Steve.
I said, Steve, it's wonderful.
Hello.
Hello.
I'll go ahead.
Jim, what happened?
I don't see you, my baby.
Now see if you would let it go.
I farted right up to the farting sound.
That is so funny, my friend.
He says, now.
See my dude.
He's a tiger.
Jim, stop my laughter, Paul.
Stop my music.
Yeah.
I don't want to ever try that song again.
If there was ever a song that was played a million times too much,
the morbid depressing, Bill Medley and Bobbie Hatfield,
the Unrighteous Brother, can't stand him.
Make me sick.
And you're right, very depressing song.
But anyway, be that.
So that was the Jim Dunlop thing.
That's a good thing.
It was the bad news that he's dead.
He died.
He died?
Oh, no.
This is going around.
This is getting ridiculous.
He died?
Oh, Christ.
Yeah, he was very good with Lin Russell.
I guess he's not anymore.
5'6", oh, no, we also have...
Oh, welcome to Bing Radio.
This is Bing.
Bing Wilson.
You know, he used to play the piano with the New York steakhouse.
And you know who used to own the New York steakhouse who's also dead?
Was a big fat guy.
See, all the fat people are dead.
What the hell was the guy's name?
He used to own the New York steakhouse.
It'll come to me.
First they were on the beach and then they moved over on the bisque in Boulevard.
And they used to take a lot of the piano play.
That was a good place.
They had great steaks.
But the guy who owned it was a big fat guy.
And the big fat guys, you know what they say, George.
Like Dom Delory said in Fatso,
the fat people are the good people.
And the good people are the dead people.
I wonder if Jim Dunlop was fat.
How's that rich deal, by the way?
Fat.
Oh, you'll see him tonight.
He said he'd probably stop by.
He'll roll the window down this car and if he smells the pasta, he'll be on by.
5'6", 7", 0", 5", 60, 0".5", 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Great guy fat, rich had a good night's a track last night, but...
Fat.
Here's a mobile and Kindle.
Hello.
I was in Kindle, but now in Hellia.
Okay, you may get some.
That's a great place.
I'm on number one.
I'm 22 years old, Julia.
I work for a delivery company on my friends and a bunch of guys.
Listen to you every day.
I want to say happy birthday to one of them.
I'll be right.
And I'll be right back.
You're kicking some butts.
Forget about what that smudge from Lammy Hill says about you.
He has nothing better to do.
You're kicking some serious ass.
I am.
Okay.
I just call him to wish I made a Christmas and a happy New Year for you.
I'm George and I have a buddy over there.
I'll be right back.
Keep it up.
Okay, what's your name?
I have it a birthday.
Pablo.
Thank you for the long call, Neil.
See you.
Bye-bye.
I'm Steve.
Happy birthday, Pablo.
And get a real name.
5-670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, this is all the stars demands.
Not the eating.
Wow!
I'm on the way.
I'm on the way.
I'm on the way.
No.
I don't have any music.
I don't have any music.
Little beaver.
What was your last name, Boyd?
Brown.
Little beaver boy.
So there's 500 names on the AT&T and I can't remember any one of them.
Marty Sustman.
Marty, that's it.
Oh, okay.
Oh, what a good guy Marty was.
And you know what the best part of that place was?
Because it's not there anymore.
It was free.
What was the sponsor?
Well, no, you know, I have a lot of sponsors.
I could go eat free meals.
In fact, these people, like, he put me down for free as work.
Because I live down here.
Why shouldn't I do for free?
I could be a big schnauer, but I don't like doing that.
I have like, it's embarrassing.
But I was never embarrassed to go there.
Not that I went there too often.
Because when you'd go there, it was always a big meal.
I mean, it was like a big, big, with, you know, like a big bowl of soup and a huge steak
and all the stuff that goes with it.
And then, of course, unbelievable desserts.
Like going to Bernstake House.
I haven't been to Bernstake House.
I wonder if he's still alive.
Boy, let's not find out he's dead.
Did Bern lack some from Bernstake House?
There's another cheap prick.
Only I could give him 8 billion plugs on here at WS News.
At least he's over there when you and played baseball over there in Tampa.
Always ate at Bernstake House.
Always would say, oh my gosh, the number of people that you send over here
that hear you raving about us.
We appreciate it so much.
Never give me a glass of water.
Forget a glass of wine for free.
I mean, nothing.
I don't believe in trying to repay, what was the line used?
They don't try to repay kindness with free goods, but I always have my best wishes.
Which was the way of saying it was a cheap prick.
Good steak, though.
Good onion soup.
And I was never going to have to dessert them upstairs because it's in Tampa.
And who the hell in their right mind?
Oh, Tampa.
Exactly.
Why is a great restaurant like that over there?
Why have they had steak and shake over there for all those years?
And we finally now, after groveling and begging, we finally get one here.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I couldn't call yesterday.
I'm a disenfranchised sports fan.
And if you ask me,
our professional sports should be banned at the United States.
And I know I'll never live to see it.
Yeah.
You think about all the fuel that's wasted in the money that's wasted on frivolous travel and energy.
And then the, you know,
right, gone in the wrong direction.
And if professional sports were banned,
wouldn't we be taking more time with our kids?
Yeah, but what would all the chronic gamblers who work at this radio station?
What would they do then?
I don't care.
They have to find something else to gamble on.
I'm sorry.
I'm, like I said, a disenfranchised fan.
And I...
I ain't for the life of me.
I can't understand it.
So once somebody is just totally lifeless, I don't know why people want to continue subsidizing.
I mean, I get all my tickets free.
I haven't used a Marlin ticket in years.
And when I get them, they just sit and enjoy some.
And I'm glad not to give them away.
Not because I'm cheaper.
I want to hoard them.
But just because it makes me know that there are more empty seats there.
And they deserve having empty seats.
You have kids.
I can see.
Taken into a ball game.
Or watching them play,
became themselves.
Yeah.
If you can afford taking them, yeah.
But the pain...right?
I think the subsidized somebody who makes millions of dollars...
I don't get it.
Sometimes I feel like I'm throwing another planet.
I know.
And then there are those people like the sports nerds on this radio station who are looking every way they can to like justify it.
I mean, sure, if somebody wants to give you $25 million a year, under most circumstances, you say,
okay, fine, I'll take it.
Whatever you give me.
But in the meantime, there's got to be some kind of conscience.
I think most of those guys could live on, you know, $78 million a year would probably squint a scrape by.
Right?
No, I think they're in the whole thing.
All these swatters and all these big jock idiots.
Get a job.
Yeah, especially when you consider how illiterate most of them are.
Okay, good luck to Westpow.
Good luck.
I'll see you on your list.
I'll see you on another planet.
Yeah, he's right.
And of course, you can't possibly say that because that's very un-American.
Oh, no, you can't do that.
And there was a great football game on last night.
I caught the ass end of that.
Wow, that was one of the best games in years.
Tampa Bay and the Rams.
Wow.
Man, talk about those pickers over there in Tampa.
Oh, Tampa Bay.
Well, I mean, beside that, they were having a one-hub.
You see that game last night?
Didn't see it again.
They have bucks in their irons?
That was one of the most ass-kicking NFL games I've seen in about 400 years.
That was phenomenal.
And of course, with the water down league now you have an all-professional sport.
So much of it is garbage anyway, but that was a pretty damn intense.
21 before 1 at 5, 60 WQM, your jock's different station for the Aught Aught.
This is 560 QAF.
The Neil Rogers show.
You sports radio.
560 QAF.
I wouldn't believe a word, Neil said if it helped.
The song was notarized.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
I'm going to play the song.
We just got to start this waiting.
We just got to start this waiting break from the darkness of the sea.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless long way many many many open line because we're just having a little fun here today
Turning the clock back to make Kevin back to it happy over there with the hero because he wants that all-time radio
Then I'm a lot of those farting sounds. He wants to do that all time Jingles, you know
The hell is that oh that song intro ever
This is the song it's a bit
So the long one keeps you the leather out
This is the guy that does the tracking reports on IOD
Doni yeah
If I could stick out of
Ricky picky to work
You back me to record the head no choice. Well, he won't see it anyway
That's not one of his all-time better ones. That's pretty weak if I can't wait a great thing with the 98 degrees
I'll just maybe I'll play that thing I'll play that no, no
I was you're gonna say I'll play this bag music again sure why not you like it. You love it. You just don't want to admit it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless model be it pizza lot 6 to 9 p.m.
The night and the pizza lot plans to be on pure white imports on university drive and
Joe Castello be there George would be there fat rich might stop by our gold thing will not be there
Which means there'll be a lot more food for everybody look a Brian will be there
Who I leave out the lovely McGell of course will be there and keep your hands off of him
Here's a mobile in hell and Dale hello
Can't grow now
That guy that does a fond superstition and does the traffic reports he also does the weather reports down
Erick Probably one quick question
You know
The opportunity assassination firsthand knowledge rubber more
Have I heard of it? Yeah, no, oh what was it called up first hand knowledge how I participated in the CIA
Matthew murder of President Kennedy really who what's out of the author?
Robert D. Morrow it's
Published about ten years ago that book
Look at the years ago how come I never heard of that
You've been very on their rock you evidently yeah
Pick up pick it up for about five bucks and that's up the quinter's place of
95
Howl and they'll be poor I'm not going anywhere near hell and they'll be to blow bar. Do you have to keep me?
Oh, you you had to be joking me
Yeah, in fact the guy that does the weather reports and the traffic reports he lives near there
I think and drives around quite frequently
No, yeah
And okay, we'll see you woo
5 6 7 0 5 60 found 5 60 on the AT&T
We got three calls left in a boy then I'm going home. Well, that's right once you're coming
We got those big trends coming out. They're gonna be really bad and then Kevin Baxter come right about oh
Gee, people are one here those farting sounds anymore those numbers are really dropping like a rock
Yeah, you watch but after next month when the whole fall book comes out if we have a real bad book
Then it'd be like big articles in both newspapers what happened to Rogers what happened to Q.A.M. They're in the tank and
Here's a mobile and cool spring so I think Jeff Charles is still out there looking for a gig too
Yeah, there's another good one for you Jeff Charles. Oh another guy that was here for about four minutes and
My my company some names from the past
Mm-hmm. Wait back. Hey, I was at Burns a couple of weeks ago
Funny you should bring it if he's still alive burn is still alive
We took the tour after dinner. Yeah. Oh, he's never taken the tour and I asked it is burned so alive because when I was a kid
I mean my dad used to I lived up north and he's a come down here business
I go to that place all I asked you something that's on Howard Street, right? Yes
Now what's the deal with that dessert thing they have upstairs because they had the last time I was there that wasn't
In vogia they hadn't invented that. Oh, it wasn't the last time you were there. Oh many many years ago
See the first time I was there in 86 it was there and they used to have TV TV's in your booths as well
You should have TVs and stereos your own little dessert booth really? Yep, and so in other words you would eat dinner downstairs
Right, you'd have to make your reservation downstairs
Would you like to serve the dessert? Yeah, I would hope so now and you make the dessert reservation and then when you're done
You just had upstairs, huh? And you can smoke cigars up there to the cigar bar
Is piano bars really nice? I wonder if cigar Dave hangs out up there because he's a real
I did go to ebore city while I was there right down the street
Yeah, he did purchase a cigar to smoke at burns when I was there
But the food was fun. I don't even know three times 86 like three years ago and again a couple of weeks ago
And I had heard some people maybe even on your show say that it has gone down a bit
But if it has and it had a I never said that because I haven't been there in a long time
How the people may have called instead of I too is just you know, everybody thinks it's so you think it's really a high-end expensive restaurant
But with the price of your meal you get everything else you need yeah
Well, you pay you well, at least it used to be you pay by the pound you order by the weight of whatever you want
And the thickness we ended up with my wife and our cousin was we got like a shadow beyond for three
Mm-hmm. We should have got a shadow beyond for like seven. It was just so amazing
Yeah, just remarkable
But you get the potato you get the French onion soup the French onion soup is just a diphrone
That's one of my favorite dishes, but that makes some of the best and everything else on that on the menu was like if you want
Extra onion soup was like two two dollars. Yeah, potatoes are buck 50's not like a pain five or six seven bucks for a potato or a vegetable
It was I was outstanding and still is the
And the dessert bar was great as well, and I did make it the steak and shake last week up at sawgrass
Actually had a sit outside and wait and like you're out of fancy shmancey restaurant
He had a weight and like take a number and a right now 15 20. Yeah, they're jamming there
It was a line. It was a line out the door
I've never seen like for that type of restaurant or waiting considering it's on the outskirts of the mall
Right, I didn't figure it be that packed
But I finally did a smart thing they chopped down those trees or bushes whatever was blocking it
And they finally so people actually see that they're now. All right. Have you been there yet?
We had so I thought what overgots and take out the first weekend they were open
Yeah, it was I had been there years ago and out and like Raiden ten or late into whatever but it was great
It was highly recommended but wait till like after the holidays
Especially those shakes with a cherry on top big shakes through like shakes for four you bet
Okay, listen, I'll see you burns. Hi Neil. Bye
Yeah, let's talk food. What do you say?
Let's talk about food. Let's get Robert Taufe on the food editor from the hero like Sandy used to do like 15 times a week
Huh Robert Taufe who's tasted his and his back to him push? Maybe we can get Peter Clayton back on oh, he's still dead
Yeah, he knew his crap
That was a restaurant critic who really knew his crap
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
I think I wet my pants and I when I stood over with Bill Caudrey had Peter Clayton the restaurant critic on
And we both knew a little inside secret about Peter and his personal tastes and proclivities
And Peter brought us he always used to bringing like some little stuff to a munch on
And he brought in these like gourmet I don't know what the hell you call them like around they look they kind of that
They're like in real heavy juice and they look like turds
And Bill opened it up and sure enough Peter reached in there right in the middle of the hour and started anyone
And I started laughing so hard that actually I was up against the wall shaking violently just shaking trying to control myself
I'm positive that I scored score had to wet my pants
Those are the days baby
But of course Kevin Baxter wasn't around that he hasn't got any idea what I'm talking about
And that was that topical or what I was talking about
No, that wasn't topical. I was fun. That was entertainment
That was like like I said peeing your pants radio
Here's Davy hello
Hey, no, how you doing great
Hey, I just wanted a thumb for George. I was wondering if he needed to the Olympic biscuit concert last night
No, she couldn't have said no
Oh, he missed it. There was his favorite stuff there marijuana naked breath and a lot of motion and shuffling and pushing
There you go. Well, he'll make the next one you can be sure that
In fact, they're the same stuff at the pizza lot tonight. So I guess you didn't have to waste the money on those tickets
same stuff a lot of naked breasts
Push in seven lot of pot a lot of pushing shuffling and carrying on
And of course pushing the seven all dependent who shows up tonight because there's some of those old retards you up tonight
We're gonna just shove them out to the right. I can't not some of them. I know about all of them can't deal with that crowd
We want some different living and breeding people in night
Because this is it. This is the finale as far as that crap goes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line hanks are gonna be long at two with Robert Jones at five
I think I heard on the problem with the Iowa winderman at four for the NBA stuff and the boot shop be at six educated flyer ten o'clock tonight
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello
Hey, we're all yes, sir. Hey, that's great
You know last time we interquest to rubble you were talking about Hank going to the fan in New York and Dennis Erickson was swearing
He was staying in Miami. How do you like that? Hey, we love the so fighting sounds and all
Even if it's Dennis Erickson doing it usually with Dennis Dennis. It's usually the belching sound
The beer drinking slot. Yeah
Hey, that guy that called a few calls ago the book about the Kennedy assassination. Uh-huh
What did he say the name of the book was
Uh mind-com I don't know. I have no idea the guy got so a whacked out with whatever
I heard the name. All of his name was Robert Moro, I think
That I got I didn't just tell you. I mean how many books could Robert Moro have written if he was like some kind of a CIA spy
So I'm assuming that's if you find that you got it, you know
Well, I hadn't called in a while and you said it was slow so I figured I'd take up the phone. That was worth it, wasn't it?
You know, I just wanted to let you know that I'll see you tonight at all just place. Okay. Hey
I feel the ponytail song good idea. See ya
Yeah, it's like
oh
Oh
And he died at the wedding tie-back
It makes a look so sweet
What is love?
It's Jeff Cohen and his pony tail
But you and his pony tail
That's way with the wiggle when he runs
Ways with the wiggle with the wiggle when he walks
That's ways with the wiggle when he walks
Yeah
Swainies with the wiggle with the wiggle
Proffitty five at five sixty WQM
You'll be able to see if a pony tail
score a swing in Wigling tonight
Between the six and nine PM
Now let me ask you one before we go on with this
We'd stuff
Did you say to the bird?
This is five sixty QAM
Fort radio five sixty WQAM
Miami Fort Lutterdale
A measly broadcast group of the time
WQAM.com
With a world
It's not just the one to two hour
It's a phenomenon
Okay, I you're my little brother
So I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah
This is called a dreidel
You spin it and see where it lands
And you sing this song
I have a little dreidel
I need it out of play
And when it's high and ready
With dreidel I shall play
Oh dreidel dreidel dreidel
I need you out of play
Dreidel dreidel dreidel
With dreidel I shall play
Now you try
I just spin it with your fingers like this
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
What the hell are you doing?
Oh hey Carmen, what's playing trails?
You want to try?
Sure
Here's a little dreidel
That's not in native clay
But I'm not gonna play with it
Could say the f***ing game
Just give up that up
They stupid games
Two
That's what they're little dreidel
Do I need you out of play?
They stupid dreidel
Do I need you out of play?
That's what they're doing
What's going on?
Oh it's that Hanukkah thing
It's good, amazing
He's spin this thing on the ground
It's gonna go swinging man
I can watch it
Let me try
I'll try to make it spin
Hit the wall try again
Oh hey
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Hello boys
Hi ma, oh how precious
You boys are all playing trails now
That's crazy
Yeah
Yeah
It's a bit of a game
It's a bit of a game
Now when you are
You make the trail
It's a bit of a game
It's a bit of a game
It's a bit of a game
It's a bit of a game
It's a bit of a game
Oh hi, yeah
Hello everybody
Can I join in?
Yeah
I have a little dreidel
So everybody
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Courtney Cox
I love you
You're so hot on that show
Courtney Cox
We're singing about a dreidel
Oh sorry
You talk about this way
You can't get me
So we're singing about this way
Can I join in?
Oh yeah
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
Can I join in?
That's gonna be a poll question
I'm gonna ask you
What's the most important thing
about Courtney Cox or Ronnie Cox
or how about Don Cox
Whatever happened to him
He's still here
The power or kiss
And he's a power
Don Cox
No, come on, we don't ever see him anymore
When's the last time you've seen him
The Christmas party
But I mean before that
Yeah
Well he's here
He's laying low
Since we played that tape that time
Of him over in the Bahamas
Yeah, well I sure wish we still had that
Here's a mobile in Melbourne
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, I was just asking
You said you were actually
Putting my game outside Monday night
Yeah, what are you gonna do lineup
What I think of what
The new lineup
You know, without my goals
The new lineup
The new lineup
You have to be joking
Me Dennis Miller is in abortion
He didn't belong on there
Well, I gotta agree with you, man
But let me ask you something
Why are people still discussing that
Nobody watches a bargain
Especially a great game like that
Because of the announcers
I'd rather turn them down altogether
Listen to Howard David do it
We hit him on the TV, I was driving home from the track
And heard most of that last quarter
And Howard David is great
Who now wants to hear Dennis Miller try to be a funny
But it just being a jackass
The whole thing, Dennis Miller, Dan Freight
I used to enjoy watching this game
If they would have left
Down Michaels on there with Deer Dorf
Just two guys, it would have been great
It doesn't take three people to broadcast the sporting event
Absolutely
Absolutely correct, and have a great time
Get a new phone
Who the hell are these guys
Jumping all up and down on MTV here
Alright, Audrey, I'll perform it
You got a pen for fun
I've been for everybody in this shot, George
Because of what it really looked like
Can those possibly be real
Now we're finally getting some good naked people on the MTV
This is where it's at
Love you so much, we're busy
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60
Oh right!
180 and 180 and for rice
Maybe some of those people will show up at the pizza loft
And I will think
No, the usual ugly crown is it
Here is the high Alia!
Hello, Neil what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Alright, I'm 21-year-old Julio
And I was hearing what you said about the guy in the hero
He wrote to you
The problem is nobody minds their own business
This is Soft Florida show
This is the near Roger show
If you want to blow farts and make fun of people
No, you can do it
That's right, you know what I mean?
Just to add what the hero just wishes he's making like 5% of what I'm making here
That's what I'm talking about
I say just blow farts for the whole week
Just everybody off
Okay, ready, Neil?
Good luck, you sir
And watch where you're blowing it
Yeah, we're just going to blow farts in honor of Kevin Backed it over the hero
Just to piss his ass on
Because our audience likes farts
They hear one of these
Put a little smile on their push
Because I mean, you know, farts are funny
They're embarrassing but they're also funny
What's a big deal with that? I mean, I don't even give it a second thought
You know? Yeah, there's the original one
And this guy, that's all he thinks the show is all about
Which goes to show you
And, you know, he listens, he's listening right now
He's been listening the whole day
He's squeezing himself
Kevin Backed it
He's got some of his gay porn out there in front of him
And he's this squeezing it
That's what George said
5, 6, 7, and you say he's like a little food cake, that's what you told me
Who? Kevin Backed
I remember feeling
You said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, you said, hi there
Well, like I said, here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Mobile in Miami
Hello, Neil? Yes, sir
Yeah, yeah, I'm not a mobile but anyway
Well, that's okay, well, forgive you
All right, anyway, talking about that game last time
You sound like a mobile
I gotta tell you, work done that little running back about 190 pounds
What a fourth quarter, what a final drive that was
I gotta tell you, people is going full speed collisions to get 160 pound line
That was a real game
I mean, there was a sproding event that I would have paid 100 bucks to be there in two that game
Even in Tampa with those red necks
Yeah, yeah, but I gotta tell you, if anybody deserves $25 million
No, it's gotta be, it's gotta be
It's gotta be that, that's not a little better than that
No, sir, nobody deserves $25 million to play sports
But even up this health, I mean that's a good deal
Let me say it again, the people in the military are jeopardizing their health, you asshole, you idiot
Call up one of the sports shows with crap like that
He's giving up his self, he's giving up his body to play a ball game
People in the military are giving up their jeopardizing their health every day, are they getting $25 million
Oh, you idiot, you moron?
What are you giving me a quizzical look for?
What about you with the stress factor and the early grave?
Yeah, and I'm not making no $25 million, you jackass
I have to put up with morons like you, talk to scumbags like you
If anybody's worth $25 million, I'll guess what? Nobody is worth $25 million
Maybe some biochemist who comes up with a great cure for cancer or AIDS or something like that
Yeah, he's worth $100 million
But the idea that some dumb jerk that's playing a ball game is worth millions and millions of dollars
Oh, yeah, but look at all the money he's bringing in, you know, that would be like standard
Somebody on the assembly line at General Motors who's making it in bowling green, it's making those great corvettes that I drive
Because General Motors may, although not doing that great right now, but they have years when they make billions of dollars
So therefore why isn't that guy on the assembly line making millions?
I mean, that's just, it's cock-a-it's crap, it's greed
Boy, what a bunch of jerks these sports are right?
You know, the guy that called me for and I realized that I'd be the only one who would agree with him
Not a hundred percent, but he had a good point
Let's have about five years with no other sports at all in this country
And start discovering what real life is all about
They're more important than God damn ball games
Now you're wrong, man, how can you say that at a spot station? I just said it
He don't forget that Panther game tomorrow and I'd pant his in the penguins
Hey, I said ball games aren't it?
If I'd say hockey games, we don't use a ball
They got big balls, but they play with a puck, schmuck
Good stuff from my novel, thanks to Wayne and our friend, close friend Hudson
The only man who ever worked at Royal Castle had a car named after him
Did you ever see a Hudson?
No, Packard
I think about it, no, Studebaker
I didn't say punch-packer, I said Packard
How to fund with a Studebaker
Those were neat little cars, Studebakers
Packards were big like a tank, big ugly tank
Not a storm in old movies
Yeah, and how about all the bills going to belly up
They're discontinuing the oldies without time
Yeah, Stagie, ugly cars
I once had a carless, their clientele is all dead
I had a great carless about a hundred years ago, it was a great car
I'm going to say after one at 560 WDQAM
I'm going to put the ball in the air
Wow, what a nice deck, thanks
I love his deck, it's so big
I think mine's bigger
I've seen your deck, it's not bigger
When did he show you his deck?
Over at his house, I was on his deck
You wrote his deck?
It was before your deck, your deck is thicker
My deck was pretty firm then
You had a rock hard deck
It's softer now, when will you add his deck?
One summer?
For how long?
Did you enjoy it?
At the time
But my deck's bigger
What is it with you guys in your deck?
How many decks have you been on?
On, does it matter?
You just can't get enough deck, can you?
Yours is the biggest and the best, okay?
I must do love my deck
Oh, let me kiss it, I'm going to kiss you deck
Oh, yeah, kiss my deck, baby
And throw, kid
Ah, rub my deck
This is really cakey
What?
I've never seen a woman climb on another man's deck
And rub his heart deck
And stroke his fur deck
Did the turn you on?
You never did that to my deck
I love his deck
Oh, yeah, baby
It's stuck my deck
Mmm
Mmm
Oh, yeah, love my deck, deck sucker
Ouch
Oh, what?
Blinter!
Just swallow
Never!
Spit it out!
Girl's love, big hard decks, Ottoman
Girls don't like tiny rough decks
Big thick decks
Unfable and thick decks
So you're yellow pages
And that goes to show you what a one-letter
How much of a difference it can make?
Which was the motto of our show today?
Just one letter, the one from PD Lenny?
Let's read it again, what are you saying?
No!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
How's that poor coming?
230 votes, I listen to you mostly
For humor?
For topics?
A little both or for what?
Because he kisses me off
230 votes, a little bit of both 160
70, 69, half percent
For humor, 57, 24.7 percent
Because he kisses me off
8, 3.4 percent
For topics, 5, Kevin Back
Did over there too, 5, 2.1 percent
Oh, but we have to have a topical talk station
We got to give the light bulb out again
Yeah, let's bring back Joyce Kaufman
And Norma Kent, what do you say to that?
No!
No!
You know, they have electricity, they're having like brownouts
And blackouts in California
With all the shortages of electricity in this country
The last thing we do, need to do is waste electricity
To put radio stations on, to put that crap on here
But it'll shut the transmitters off
That's what they should have done with the light bulb
Anybody know what they do with light bulb?
But they do location melodies or something?
That's what ultimately happens to all those little like 10 watt stations
They broke her mark to locations
And Jamaicans to sell, you know
They turned it into a microwave oven
Excellent
Things are really cooking over there now
Here's a mobile in Hialeah, hello
Trust the report Neil?
Yes sir
Actually, 20th Street in Hialeah between West 4th Avenue and 8th Avenue
There's a nationality in West 20th Street and West 8th Avenue shut down completely
Okay, so it's just a warning
Thanks a lot amigo
Thank you
Have a jappy Christmas
5,670560
Wow, what?
Have a jappy Christmas then you can also celebrate Chinooka at the same time
Come on, start giving those gifts out, what do you say?
Give those gifts
And maybe a Greg will give more than a dollar to her
What do you think?
He's coming up with more than a bus
No!
Keep quick
I almost said that
Planned Parenthood Total, very weak
$74,630
Are we going to make it to $100 grand?
No
Not even close
See if we'd have had more keychains
George, let's argue about that again
$74,630
In last year, they $4490
Very weak
Van hit $16,850
On the web, $24,200
Specs
Specs is the thing that's really just amazing me
And you want to know why?
Because they're all like the guys who are 74
The kids are the only one burning the CDs
And stealing an awful nester
Specs 23,580
And my donation of $10
So $74,630
If you take my money, I've only got $65 grand
It's very, very weak
Very, very weak
We want to thank Pac-Mail
That a great job over there
9.65 North Navi-Heroad
The Windexy Shopping Center
In Plantation
We've handled all of our shipping this year
And also during the holidays right now
If you have any last minutes shipping to do
Go over there and mention the aronjus
And I'll give you 10% off
On anything you'd be shipping
At Pac-Mail
So we'll have a lot of best of CDs
And cassettes and the T-shirts and stuff
At Pizza lot tonight between $26 and $9
I think if we make $80 grand
We should be happy, you know?
I think $80 grand would be about our limit
And if we just would have had a lot more of those key chains
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes?
Oh, thank you for taking my call, A&E, all the best, buddy
Listen, I'm going to be there tonight for sure
I've never met you before but
Don't listen to these crazy yawes
That don't want you on the air anymore
And the guys in Miami-Heroad
But who the hell doesn't want me out?
Who said they don't want me on the air anymore?
Nobody said that yet
Wait till those numbers come out today though
But I watched that in a portion of the game last length of Rangers
And I don't know, I still see that smile on Peter World Space
I don't know what he's smiling about
I'm still, you know, I'm still questioning what I was looking for
Nice timing on that penalty just like always
That seems to be the new routine
Every game that they even get close in
In the last eight or ten minutes
He sticks him out there under power play usually like in this case
The latter part of the power play gets a really mindless, meaningless stupid penalty
Goes to the penalty box and then kills off whatever chance they had to get back in the game
Which you did again last night
It's obvious to me that the Murray's know that they're out
It's just a matter of time until this needle goes through
So they don't give a crap, they're just going through the motions
But why is the only smile in shaking a pen like you're actually doing something on it?
Because he's dumb, because he's a moron
Oh, is your friend like Link coming down for the road trip or no?
Yeah, sure
Is there any chance for you to get an interview with him and maybe Eric on the next day?
I'm going to do a hockey interview on the show
You must really do us really beyond drugs
Yeah, I would take my blank fan
Me too
But listen, you have a good, I'll see you tonight
I'll give Michael Kiss for you tomorrow
Bye, bye, bye
Bye-bye, I'll be at the game
He'll be saying, Bow-Wall P. Cowkick
Yeah, what was her name that bitch that wrote for the Assumption?
Rachel was there
Rachel, very good memory, how would you know the hockey bitch?
She had big boobs
Oh, she had a huge boobs, she was a big boob
She was the hockey player
And because she knew so much, she went to the Washington Post to cover the crap at the
Crapidels up there
That goes to show you the kind of people that are in the newspaper business for the most part
Not all, just most, assholes
Maybe that's why she went up to the Washington Post because she had big boobs
That could have been the reason
And I still have it in front of me just coincidentally
Not only Linda Robertson's great commentary in the here or the air today
About John Henry and Mayor Pingham Piccini
But right below it on the bottom right there is that picture of Robert Svela
Who looks just like Oli Okan and twin brother
I'm going to cut that out
Because that's another classic example of the great coverage we get in this town
And this guy is saying, oh well, he's blaming the problems of the community on me
Because I played too many farting noises you know, or whatever his problem is, this bastard guy
But in the meantime, here's a newspaper even in their sports section, they can't get anything right
They usually put the articles about the panties and about page 25D
And they wonder why nobody's showing up and there's no interest here
You're shooting on a great job of educating the fans
Robert Svela, who I like I said before, looks just like Oli Okan
And I thank the guy who called in yesterday because they never would have noticed
Because they don't pay attention to the hero
Even though that guy was otherwise full of crap
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
So have they taken a survey around the building? How many people think that Peter Lennon wrote that letter?
If you don't look at it like it, oh look at that, I don't want to mention any names here
I'm sorry, Stu got, he's going to get beat up now
Now that's ok, we'll have a long line Peter can come there, we're all up there sleeves and beat everybody up
At the pizza lot tonight, no admission charge
Is there anybody besides screw in in the building who doesn't think that he wrote that letter?
Because you ran it by a whole bunch of people, a lot of them, you know, still gots can take care of himself
But I mean, when the guys doesn't take you wrote it, really?
You mean even after I took care of Miguel and his situation yesterday and he still wasn't willing to say that he thinks that he did it?
I think he scared a Peter
Oh, I got a great line for that
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, you don't have much to be scared of in this case, I'll take it that
5, 6, 6, 8, 8, and 10, and Verizon wireless line
Here he just ran out the door, here's four Myers, hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Yes, I've been listening to your show since you came back from vacation this past summer
Yes sir, I find it very entertaining, I bought two of your best of CD-6
Great, you're all kind of guy
And Neil, this guy that wrote this article obviously he must be impressed with your show
Otherwise he wouldn't be writing about it
Yeah, he looks as to Erie Ward
And last Friday Neil, I laughed my guts out, that was one of the best shows I've heard
That cat needs to be reminded, you've got enough bits in that studio probably
But you never even have to say anything on it
That's right, that's still good for you
So Neil, keep up the good work, happy Hanukkah to you and yours
We love you, keep up the good work
Thanks Paulie, have a happy day
How about that at the hopper to smoke and thought?
Okay, you got it
That's a pot
You can pinch and you can drop it to squeeze it, you can block it out of the pot
Oh, you can throw it, you can throw it, you can even roll it and poke it in the pot
You can sit and read the pot, you can throw it, you can fall it at the pot
Where is it?
Let's go to the pot
There's go to the pot
There's go to the pot
There's go to the pot
Ah
There's go to the pot
Or you can take a tampon, you can push until it's gone down
That's a pot
And you can jump your goldfish when you're dead and all fit down in the pot
You can lose the evidence where the copper breaking is not at the pot
Where is it?
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Let's go to the pot
Ah
Let's go to the pot
Let's go
Okay, so I guess the question is now that we're watching this thing on the best of MTV
Which would you rather say young guys like that in drag or just young guys like that, drag in it?
Well, I know my answer
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund
I think I'm telling you, I got the answer for you
Let's just get out of this business then Kevin Baxter can listen to what Shirley Peters on her radio news psychic readings and all that crap
Oh, it's the naked channel, I got the answer, we're getting 90 a year
We'll have people glued to the set, to the screen, literally glued to it all day long
In fact, we'll have to have like, it's like a jack burly thing in reverse
Remember, you don't remember, Winky didn't have to worry about that they used to send you the little kit that had like the little plastic screen that you put on your TV
But they still find it's terrible
Yeah, I really think they should bring that back
And you would like color it in, you would like, you know, head a little clay all the way that you would color it
And here's like a reverse where you're going to have like, scrape things off the screen
If you stay too close and I'm sure you would
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Yes, how you doing?
Pretty good sir
Do you remember Dick Andrews, don't you?
Who?
Dick Andrews
Never heard of the name
You said you go to the truck, right?
Yeah
Which truck you go to?
Humpenow Park
Humpenow Park, that's a big reason why right there
Another question there
Who the hell is Dick Andrews, why would I know that, who is he?
He is a big time trainer for a Greyhound track up in the other track
Now I've been to the dog track in 40 years, although I do know that name, now that you mentioned it, yeah
When you were in a dam, you could just go to the yo-yo
Do I want?
When you went to Amsterdam, did you go to the yo-yo?
What pal is that?
It's a restaurant about two blocks away from the Ridley district
Never heard of it
Okay
Let's say how to Dick Andrews, say how to Dick
Wow, how about the little judge for the most day, she's one of my favorites too
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One
Yeah, let's go back to those days, let's bring Henry Rothblatt on the year again
Oh, he's still dead?
Here's the part where they moved
Yeah
Wow, that's him
Yeah, this one over there on the left, let's see his moon, his half full moon
Thank you, they heard you
There you go
Steal my sunshine, look at that, that's a Peter Lenny out of back
Look at that, Metallica, sandwich or whatever that said
Correct him, yeah
That was lovely
Oh, this big fat, oh Jesus, oh, and it says Ricky Martin on his ass
How do you like that?
It's only personally autographed
Oh, it says Ricky Martin, she gets banged right under the wall, right under both cheeks
That was really cute
I can make you show ass but they can't show the frontal nudity
What kind of a stupid country is this?
Oh, it's America
26 past 1 at 560 WQF
But Neil Roger shows sports radio
560 QA
Will you flush back him?
I got the sky
I got the sky
I got the sky
I did my
As a truth
Too
You'll be alright, all the time, it's not.
If you only need me, you do it, do it.
You'll be alright, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
Keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
keep it, keep it, keep it, keep it,
and now I have Wind Run
131 at 560 WQAM. How long does this go on? Now look at that. Why do they put people like that on there? Huh?
Those people should have more clothes on
I mean, I've seen pencils with more meat on them than that kid and that's sparsas. She's a gruesome
1600 open lines about 28 minutes to kill between now and two as we're just rolling along here
Just kind of biting time. It's gonna hang around until 2 30 when those trends come in boy
It's gonna be it'll be really grim. You're gonna hear a lot of gnashing a teeth. What are we gonna do now?
What are we gonna do now? I'm gonna sell this crap
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, how you doing pretty good? Hey, I don't want to
Ask you something. I'll ask away. I listened to you and I listened to Hank yesterday about the stadium
Yes, sir and what bothers me and what bothers me up about a lot of people is the fact that you know when they mention the stadium
They they talk about well the money could be used for schools
That's right that is right and roads and for like
My thing is with you and Hank with schools and your neighborhood have you guys ever gone and giving any money to those schools or sponsored any classes or
Put your money all the time. I feel a lot of property tax. No, I don't need directly. What do you mean by that?
I mean have you directly gone to the schools and and all of course not
Of course not no further why don't you come out to them say because this is tax money
They they use tax money to fund education why the house of the individuals have to pay for it out of their own pocket
Why can't they do with tax dollars if they have the sector tax money later on a date county?
Which they just discovered why can't they use that to make sure that there's enough computers and textbooks to go home?
Well, what's wrong with having a stadium?
If everything else is taking care of first there's nothing wrong
I haven't especially if the owner wants to build his own stadium final and build it
Well, all right, you got it. I got it. Okay. Get it. Get an education get a brain
These these people out there of all persuasions who think that sports is on the top of the list and everything of course
They've been brainwashing that that's the false promise. That's the false hope
Yeah, Hank was on a roller yesterday for a couple minutes and I was giving him a sitting ovation in the car and away home
Homeless people and not so bad down here. I mean it's embarrassing enough
But people at this time of the year up north freezing death homeless outside
See it in Toronto all the time
Another northern cities
We can't afford to take care of this we can't afford to take care of that but the sky's the room we come up with all these creative nifty ways
So that these billionaires were supposed to feel so sorry for so that we can set build them stadiums donate them land
I'm like somebody give me a few acres of nice waterfront property down there
You'll build something nice. I'm sure I'll build something nice like a fortune in my bank account
Maybe may fact that the big bucks that I'm blue that Mitcher Hersh is losing me and they asked Fox
Oh, that's right 20 oh that another reason to stick around today George 215 I better get on the right channel
You got now they got all these ugly people on here anyway?
I appreciate seeing the good people, but now we got that's right 215
0656 baby
Zero ox ain't going out of business. I
Wanted by another thousand shares at four bucks. Mitcher Hersh said no
He said no don't do it they may go belly up
656 and I'm reading milk. I'm re I do a lot of research on a computer
I mean there's a lot of websites where you can get some really good information and wonder
www.quicken.com
Great website
Doesn't cost you anything you can research any stock in the universe. It got all kinds of everything you want
So I'm doing a lot of research and I'm finding that zero ox is not as insolvent as they're saying
I mean they do have a lot of debt, but they're not going to go out of business
In fact, it really tells you something when beasley
Beasley
Sitting there and even
Which it was this morning and zero ox is 656 which company do you think is more likely to survive?
Zero ox or beasley
Huh?
Yeah
Although we don't have those good pogs around here like to you zero ox people
Here's a mobile and four-water deal. Hello Neil God happy corn and back to you
This week I first question have you seen true life scared straight into me before no when the kids are in jail?
Yeah, of course kids great. Well, the naked even better this weekend true life
I'm getting Weston plants three girls with total fructing duty
Well there you go see it's okay if it's done in the under the guise of a medical thing
Yeah, when you got nine-year-old kids watching just like when I was on time greens not
Speaking of Tom Green have you seen Jack that yet? No
George is he any yet. Yeah. Oh, it didn't like it. Yeah
It's great great
I got a request if you would have seen Tom Green's old stuff
They didn't can it on their comedy channel up there you would have really understood how funny he used to be before MTV
He they'd be bald him in more ways than one. Well, he used to do it all inside the studio
Yeah, he was no no he used to go out and do all kinds of stick out there in the street shopping malls
How long goes you doing like five or six years ago?
Yeah
Can you play a request for it? Yes, sir?
Snoop dog teaching you whatever that is you got it. Thanks, bro. All right. What is that called?
Huh I heard a snoop dog something right. I don't see no snoop dog in there. Do you?
I'll be good then what's the what's the bit about?
What's the bit about
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and what are you gonna?
Have in trouble getting your little ones to read you want to get learning to
Reached with no
He's no you start hooked on finally good
Learning to read is fun when you get hooked on
Looks like he was right. It's your kids will love this colorful lesson the flight like this
DJ DJ in words
Don't act yourself do you want your kids that have command over the English language? No like
Then get learning the read with no talking about today
So 1 800
That's 1 800
G8
1 800
G8
So 1 800
Mother fuck
22 to 205 60 WQ I am must be good news coming in from the Fed, you know
Maybe they're gonna you think they're gonna knock him down the rates. No, no
Well, they're gonna go to an easy bias because if they lower the rates are gonna make it look like they're in a panic
Yeah, yeah, yeah, all these pseudo intellectual assholes just cut their rates now Alan you mean the act
Two interest rate hikes too many at least two and now we're suffering from it
But something good must be about that because the dance that is up 57 and thousands of 89 and Bill Griffiths got that like
Schmidt eating bread on his face like he can almost smell it like Alan cut a good one up there in DC and he hidden in this big case
Well, we'll see okay 3254 Rocker looks pretty good to me if I were if I were you
I don't want to give you any advice on here about buying stocks, but if I were you I would grab up that Oracle
Bye bye bye with both hands cuz I got a lot of it
This is 560 QAF it is so huge
The rolling with the truck low with my 81
Rue
Crags
Here I be going and if I have to bust a cap I just say I didn't do it
Crags
Here I be going and then I get to Crags
Here I go to the third world and I'm surrounded to about who be fired my game
I
Be going to back in it to the floating night club. Yeah, I'll be going to back in it and be starving my son
But I don't know
In a load my junk I never go back in it without packing my gun
Yes
Team Doc
Oh
Every
I
Know that every now and then I sell some crack to go my dude
Crags
Here I be going
Some with fuck boys the intersection working for free food
Crags
Here I be going
Well I think losing by the purple house with no windows
And in that the number we should see my favorite home
You go to Crags
It is I'm gonna sell my crack I'll be going to Crags
It is you can count on that I'll be going to Crags
I
I think going to Crags
It is because I be bad
Yes
So every
I
Don't
Be
So many talk about you need to know
You
144 560 WCM 172 votes in our poll today
I was the most lead for humor 72 for topic 6 for little of both 185 because he pisses me off
Yes, how many we got for he pisses me off George. Yeah, good. Yes
Oh, there's that stuff acted up again that good and you know what that came from eating all that multitall and
Sorbitol and puked all oh god not gonna be any more of that stuff anymore am I? Huh? No good
That stuff will tell you your kishkies out
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. How you doing Neil great?
That Marlon stadium is not going to be built in Miami. It's going to be part of the complex that
Shnellbert is building an FAU in Boka for a football team
But it's done on it Chantan Henry's part of the financing of it and when the financing falls apart in Miami
Doesn't put a dual stadium up there. No, huh?
Whatever
Don't have to worry about
I'm not the least I'm not the least bit worried about it. They can do whatever they want. That's what's going to happen
Okay, take care. Okay, there's a guy who claims the answer do we believe him? No, he started very authoritative
And that's what counts when you call in state it like a fact and then they will believe you
Isn't that what Hermann Gilling needs to say like what time is dinner? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 but you these need a lot of
Course you know. Oh, yeah, I do love that horse
Old Heidelberg. Why have you ever eaten at the Old Heidelberg? No, you ever heard the Old Heidelberg? Yeah, great.
From you haven't been there in a million years and there's also one in the that one's in Fort Lauderdale
There's one I used to be in Dania called the a Trim and Restaurant or they specialize like in
Not so I was one of the Gables. There is Mozart's two days
Two days
Still be do be do never heard of it other Gables. Well, I don't go to the Gables. Oh, you got to be kidding me like Disney is delivered in the Gables
Remember Mike Disney? He's an asshole. Yeah, he used to puking the waistband. Good line 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for
Rhymes and wireless line. There was one in Dania on federal highway there too the Old Heidelberg using Fort Lauderdale
This one was called Sour Croutes or something like no very to him in name obviously somebody will know
Yeah, those were the good old days. We also had a great fondue restaurant for Lauderdale called the Swiss
Not the Swiss chalet that's a dumb I mean that's a you know what that is the Swiss miss Swiss something
Well, that was a great place a real authentic
Spites restaurant where they had delicious that was the first time I've ever been village but very envelopes is it still there
Or did they say didn't say but that is the name of a very envelopes now we got to work on the other one
Still there and that's a pretty good place too. They have like saw a rotten
Venus Schnitzel stuff like that you're ready for the administration by eating there
Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing Neil? Yes sir. Broken Lauderdale here. All right.
I'm pretty sure you've already talked about it but I've been insulted all weekend by ESPN putting that check kilo meal on there saying he got his
B.S. and I stress B.S. B.S. degree in general studies. It took him eight years.
Uh-huh. Thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. What can you do with a degree in general studies? Did somebody help me with that?
Get that over there. That's about all you can do. Thank you. I guess in my 13 year old niece the any college down here right now she can get her degree in general studies.
I think somebody needs to give him the third degree. Oh my god. And if this week we've got to get off I'm going to scream Neil. Okay. Another brother. Give it off. Good luck to us. Okay. Well, if he gets off I'm going to go out and spit on the sidewalk just to give him
that's part of the call in yesterday and the street or the sidewalk. That was some call. Yeah. These you professional ethnic stuff. They got a lighten up like this last part of here.
At least he's got a good sense of humor. He's about three shades lighter than three shades darker than now. Come on the young and the horny.
Let me ask you is Brian Cumble. Now what's his brother the one that Greg Gumble is horrible horrible play by play gone CBS and he's their lead guy to he is just he's his blend is tapioca putting in about the same color.
Wow is he bad? See this is what happens when you have a hundred teams you got to tell of eyes like 45 games every weekend. You have to I mean there's no broadcasters anymore.
Greg Gumble boy he is so weak so and the fact that there are still people discussing this thing with like Dennis Miller like there's something to discuss about it like it's debatable.
He's an abortion. I think he's been banned in 26 states already. God. Just an abortion this morning under for two seconds they made a bad mistake instead of admitting it just like with ego.
I don't want to go. What a color committee you are he's not even unpacked it from getting here from Detroit. He don't want to go back.
Yes what ego too bad. He don't want to go back that old man by by by yeah by ego.
This is 560 Q.A.F. The Neil Roger show sports radio 560 Q.A.
Holy Makinon this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
Oh I save this Hank is here and I just save this just for you as a matter of fact. I know you don't file a hockey player.
They're your hockey player but it's from the Harold. Not just any hockey player. It says underneath it says keep player Robert Spaylor helped to spark the panthers resurgence.
That's after they won one game. If you take a look and I know you don't know one from the other probably because you don't pay attention. It's only you can.
Now you only happens to be a very distinctive I mean he's finished and he looks like he's finished. In fact he opened up his mouth so he's really finished about Terry Merva.
I mean he looks about as much like Robert Spaylor as George does. Yeah just another day. That's another example of the great stuff they've done.
When it is Detroit home this weekend that's where I am. I'm going to Detroit for the Christmas Eve I always. Oh you'll have a wonderful time there.
See the Lions have a chance to get in so if they win. Yeah so I have to go there. That was unbelievable game last night. I was at the track but I was watching.
So at the end you couldn't turn it off because every time a race would end we turn it back and there's another touch sound.
Nobody else was scoring. In fact it's the kind of game you expected between those two teams. Yeah well I have to qualify that. I didn't expect Tampa Bay to get what I'm shooting out and get up with the Rams.
Especially with a quarterback. He played a gutsy game. He doesn't have the talent but he played a gutsy game. I know you like football.
The one thing about football is they figured it out a long time ago. That's why the game is competitive.
Okay but the problem is there's like a sorting out period that goes on. In other words when you have parity there's no great teams anymore.
You have some teams that are better than others but you don't have like the Yankees of baseball like the Packers used to be or the Giants or what.
But you have parity so you have a lot of games that are really mediocre. I mean some horrible matchups like who wants to see Cincinnati and Tandy Ago or some crap like that.
But then you'll get teams like last night and it makes up for like weeks of New York. There's no sure thing. I mean you can't inject who's going to be in the championship game.
Nice talking sports with you Neil. Got you. Yeah. And then I get a guy close before that Warrick done and he did it. That play he made late in the game was unbelievable.
It's phenomenal. Well there's a guy he's giving up his body. He's worth. If anybody's worth 25 million here he's worth it.
They don't do that in football. I said there's guys in the military who put their lives on the line for us to defend us every day. Nobody's saying that they ought to get 25 million.
I mean what kind of nonsense is this? What kind of thinking of these people got? Well I think we talked about this but the being of the University of Miami Medical School makes one fifth of what puts Davis is going to make the coach the football.
Yeah. I heard you yesterday was driving home and I was giving you sitting on the car about you know the homeless in the school.
But it's a waste of our time because you can't change the priorities of the public. They don't give a crap about those things. In election time it's all good you know campaign talk and we're going to do election. I mean education and this stuff. Nobody cares about those things.
If they did it wouldn't be the same. They worked as hard to find money for those things. They did the fine money for this.
They wouldn't be going to school in the quarter and taking the no textbook songs at night. Linda Robinson how about that?
Good call and you tattered me onto that. It goes to show you if you're writing enough crap sooner later one of them is going to be good.
You know man. And she had her crap together to see the information. You know what I like about it she exposed the heat deal which for a long time now everybody's been saying well that one really in cost anyway because many years of the revolution.
They still haven't paid the other one off yet the one that's sitting there that 500 people go to see the back.
$33 million left in that.
She's it but like I said I don't want to see you do live in Dave County so not for long.
Good luck to you I'll see you have a good day. Okay you two thanks is it's not going to happen by the way. He said the stadium will never be built there.
But didn't we also say that about the Nicky Arena. Yeah we said that too so yeah we don't have a perfect batting average but even Mickey Manly's to strike out a lot.
Anyway 156 if you want now something must have come down on here did it because I don't see it couldn't because the announcement from the Fed is going to be a 215.
But either that or they're just getting really optimistic because the down's up 134 in the NASDAQ 67 there's that right wing Joe Kern and he's still okay I just just keep your politics to yourself Joe you're an entertaining guy but dummy up about your right wing proclivities.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello.
Yes I am excellent game last night enjoyed it thoroughly.
I'm in the right hand and he's catched and Marshall fog everybody's excellent however yes you are absolutely right about these athletes being overpaid.
I got two kids in school up here in Palm Beach County one is got 40 kids in his class my daughters got first and first grade and kindergarten combined and you know why because they can't afford to pay pictures.
Yeah isn't it just and these owners I mean you know we're supposed to feel sorry for doing all my god they're losing money and they lost 10 million and yet like to go over there in Texas and all these other owners it never ever ends.
