Sports Radio 5 is a follow-up of the way I am Miami for Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 5 6 7 0 5 6
D toll free for date and rarer or count 5 6 D on your cell phone the opinions of Neil his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group now Neil Rogers on sports radio 5 6 D QAM I am
with the four chapters happy 24th anniversary Neil good luck to rest of your the following is a paid public service announcement from the International
rightful Association let's face most of us will never be rich help we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing
but as usual with every problem there is a solution I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
they scare the shit out of people and timid eight dumb and giving you whatever you want that's right handguns think about it
need some cash rob a bank don't have enough money for beer all the convenience takes chips and pretzels wire at it
all free you got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill a simple solution a life complex problem
all I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner hell if you don't want to wait the five days
who cares by the dancing of the street just buy a lot of handguns great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population
control yes handguns they just might make you think
that's right
volunteer
are
you
Whoa!
I heard that!
But have the anniversary meal always love your show?
Oh!
Oh!
I can't help it, it's just zero, okay?
And Nick is mintsin' around like a...
Anyway, it's 10.04.560 WQ of Happy Anniversary to me.
Today is 24 years on a year in Miami.
Have we got that new phone system today?
No!
Has promised?
No!
Oh! Wait a minute, today is the first of March.
And today is the first of March?
Uh-huh.
I must have had the year wrong, maybe that's what it was.
I don't forget that brand-new.
Maybe that's what it was.
Yeah, but wouldn't it say like black and not in with how much it was.
Yeah, it brings, but it didn't.
Coral springs.
Happy anniversary, Neil!
Well, thanks so much!
24 years of service to the community.
Yeah, and did you notice all this stuff in the paper about it today?
Uh, yeah, I'm petting rights.
Yeah, not a word.
Anything in a hero?
No.
Sunset, no?
No, nothing in the living years?
No.
They're waiting for the 25th century.
How about the scarves your paper?
No.
Did you wish paper?
No.
Nothing in the coral springs digest.
No.
Well, anyway, anyway, I'm sure you're gonna get all these calls from Big Split.
Oh, no, I better not.
No, not.
I think I'll hang up and let everybody else call.
Wish you a happy new year.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, look at that.
They're flooding that phone.
Are they flooding the phone?
No.
Now, the timelcrap.
By the way, speaking of pressure, man, this pool that I always come up with a good pool
questions.
We had a few kind of boring ones, but if you're gonna take a pool, if you're gonna do something with a pool.
So yesterday, we ditched that stupid pool because the answer was obvious.
Everybody wants to see naked people on TV, but came up with a great pool.
I mean, this one so close.
A tense, tense nip and tuck.
At one point, there were like 122 votes, and it was 61 a piece.
Nek and Nek knows to know, what a horse race we got between Brittany and Jennifer.
Our poll question, very simple one.
Who has the better ass?
An Eric from our website says, as you can see, the votes like the subject matter are split down the middle.
Back home is what Eric says.
I mean, the lead is like Seasaw back and forth from one cheek to the other, back and forth.
And at the moment, Brittany holding a slim hair like curly hair like lead over Jennifer.
240 votes, Brittany with 122 and Jennifer with 118.
50.8% Jennifer with 49.1.
John McCain only wishes he would have come to this close last night anywhere, anywhere in the universe.
Did he come to this close?
No.
Boy, this thing is sure playing out just the way Al Gore wants it, isn't it?
Man.
It's playing out really beautiful.
So we're going to do the same poll.
We're going to rephrase it as what you said, how we're going to phrase it today.
Huh?
No, Seasaw, I think that's a good idea.
This is getting more attention than all that other boring crap.
Things about gun control, stuff like that, that nobody gives a flying crap about.
Because this is America.
People just want to get laid.
That's the only kind of shots they're concerned about.
Squared, squirt.
Right, that kind of shot.
Maybe we ask a poll question about Peter North.
Do they have any idea who that is?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, we'll work on a new phrasing for that with Brittany and Jennifer because obviously there's a tremendous amount of interest there.
No question about that.
See, I thought it would be pretty close to the beginning because Jennifer, her whole thing is her ass.
I mean, the rest of her, you could quite...
Yeah, exactly.
Frankly, most people live without.
But her asses her claim to fame.
Maybe we should have added Ricky Martin on the list.
No, you didn't let me finish.
You didn't let me finish.
You didn't let me finish.
Who's got the better ass and who's using it more these days?
Yeah.
No low-contentory, baby.
Hands down, so to speak.
When we take a poll on who's the biggest ass, not who has the biggest ass.
Yeah.
Well, that's also hands down his pants.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This thing in Michigan yesterday, I mean, I could dwell on this all day.
I could just go on and on and do any good.
Oh, no.
And maybe somebody in the audience can tell me, how come it is we haven't seen the parents yet?
We haven't seen the parents.
We certainly haven't seen a little kid who did the shooting.
And we have to again apologize for the media getting it wrong as usual.
Was it an accidental shooting?
No.
No, that's what they reported first that he took the gun to the school to show it off and accidentally went off.
Was that what happened?
No.
No, of course not.
He had a little spat with his little girl in the play in the school yard that they before.
And he decided, well, I'm going to show you a thing or two bits.
And now he's dead.
6 years old.
Does America care?
No.
Does America whipped up into a frenzy?
No.
How the gun hugger is still as crazy as ever?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You know, there's one statistic.
Well, there's several statistics.
That I saw yesterday.
10 kids die from handguns in this country every day.
Every day.
Accidents on purpose somewhere in between.
10 kids, children die every day in the West from handguns.
And the statistic that bubble gave yesterday, the accidental gun death rate, or the, this is accidental,
which wasn't yesterday's case because yesterday was intentional.
The accidental gun death rate of children in America is nine times higher than the other 25,
the biggest countries in the world combined.
Let me say it again.
The accidental gun rate death of children in America is nine times higher than the other 25,
the biggest countries in the world put together.
Let's hear it America.
Nobody is even close to us.
Nine minutes after 10 and 5, 60 WQM.
No portion of this broad test may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM,
and easily read acquisition.
I'm Mark Ferris from a photo-pantist, and you've been listening to Neurogist for 24 years,
and I hope you keep listening.
And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush, today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers
at South Carolina's turbine town factory.
Great to be here.
In Nevada, South Carolina, Nevada.
I want to be your president, because I can relate to the ignorant blue-collar worker.
Don't say that.
The ignorant worker all over the world.
Hey, Bush, what are you know about working?
I never have worked today my entire life.
Hands, smooth, silky palm oil.
You're soaking in it.
Let's go to the next question.
Yo, what?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, you're going to be glad now, what?
Good question.
Important substantive marijuana legalization.
No, absolutely not.
Cocaine?
Yes.
Instant pain, heroin, probably, barbituous, andphetamine, without adapt.
Without adapt.
Now you...
What are you going to do for the black man?
Thanks for asking.
First thing I'd like to do, see me one up close.
Not too close.
No touching.
Perhaps maybe get a lot, what?
Can I get a lot?
George W. Bush, thank you very much.
We got a couple of.
You got to go.
Now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush.
All right, 10-15.
He's doing it, baby.
The Republican, the Republican, is they sure know how to pick him?
No, they...
Oh, yeah.
Man.
And those right wingers, they, Jerry Falwell and pay Robertson people,
they're getting porked off of that John McCain.
They're starting to get really pissed off and fired up.
The problem is, well, kind of November, are they going to be able to do anything?
No.
They're going to just anneal the final nails and write in his ass.
Just kind of have to sit back with a big, big, smirk on your push.
I mean, El Gore may be boring, but nevertheless, what did you see on an MSNBC?
They took kind of a humorous pull about who would you rather spend if you were stranded on an island somewhere or in a house locked in a house?
Who would you rather be in there for 24 hours with?
And Gore, we need less to say, was last because of the Boredom factor.
It said, who would you rather be dead than be locked in the house for 24 hours with?
And Gore won that one too.
But it also said if you were going to cheat on a high school fest or a college test, who's shorter would you rather look over?
And they said, El Gore.
I don't think Bush did too good on that one.
No.
Anyway, I'm looking in the business section of today's Miami of the Sun Sentinel.
I'm sorry.
And on the last inside page or the last outside page, I threw it out.
So I have no idea.
It's on page 90 this morning.
Here's a full page ad.
Now, usually when I see these full page ads, I say, oh, yeah, here's another scheme.
And maybe this is another scam for human growth hormone.
Makes you look and feel 20 years younger.
And I've been reading about this stuff.
It says experts in the New England Journal of Medicine, Science, Newsweek Time and More Report.
Human growth hormone makes you look and feel 20 years younger.
And of course, they're peddling this stuff.
And guess what?
Is it a pill?
No.
No.
Is it a shot?
No.
No.
It's another oral spray.
You just spritz it.
Squirt, squirt in your mouth.
In your pus.
And it tells you what happens after one month and after two months and after six months,
you look, if you're like 75 now, you look like a teenager.
We should have had some of this with us on Saturday, you know what?
At Seminole Indian Casino in Hollywood.
We should have a big ole supply there.
On Saturday.
Yeah, that's right.
We should have, they could have spun the wheel.
And Miguel could have dunked them into tank for like 30 seconds.
And they could have said, thanks a lot, Sunny.
And then like a half hour later, there would have been like teenagers all over again.
So maybe somebody in the audience knows something about HGH.
Because I'm thinking of sending away for this.
I mean, you know, it's only a couple hundred bucks for six months of supply.
What's a couple hundred bucks among friends when you're a big shooter?
Oh, and you say shooter?
Here it goes again.
Start with an anti-gun stuff.
See, I understand why most of you don't want to talk about it because I'd be embarrassed too if I lived in a barbaric country.
And I try to defend it.
Speaking of the indefensible, and Michael Mayo business there at the end of the worst team this morning.
You guys just, such a bunch of pussy, such a bunch of ant flickers.
It's just nauseating, just puking, dosing, especially that beefo.
Now, we'll say this.
He did bring the thing up about Halverson.
That was good. That was a good start, beefo.
But did he hold his feet to the fire?
Oh.
Did he really make a man to the questions?
No.
No, it was just the same old yucky, yucky, yucky, yucky, yucky, all that same old ass slap and hand grab and arm twist and crap.
Shame on you, Michael Mayo.
God only knows that you got just swill in your column, just like this morning again.
When he listed 85,000 different things that are going on in sports during the month of March.
Somewhere in that column, you could have taken like one sentence and apologized to Dave Halverson.
It said, oh, by the way, never too late to say you're sorry.
Did he do it?
No.
Did he ever going to do it?
No.
Now, because he's full of crap.
And I'll tell you another guy who's full of crap.
And I'm just catching on to him is this Josie Lambe, you know, this bald-headed guy who came over and introduced himself to me at a hockey game program.
A couple of weeks ago, this guy is, I was very irritated when he wrote that thing about Robbie Needamari the other day.
Forgetting about the hockey ability, okay?
Just talking as a human being.
Robbie is a good kid.
He does a lot for charity.
Most of the hockey players, they're good in the community.
They do a lot of charity work.
And he writes in there about something in the keys that he forgot he was supposed to be there and takes a shot at him.
See, Josie, you're getting so, it's so predictable.
So this morning he writes, okay, kiddies, I'm taking time off the show, South Florida, to my mom.
But first these terrifications, I feel bad to have reported that Panthers Rob Needamari skipped the public service function without adding that he's usually a sweetheart about helping charities, which is his way of saying that he's full of crap and probably took a lot of flack for writing that swill.
Which I forgot to mention it, but I was going to cause I read it.
Come on, Josie, get with the program, okay?
And by the way, thanks for your wishes for a happy 24th anniversary from you and Tom Jicca and the Terry Jackass and all the other people that write in the newspapers in this town.
Was there a word written?
No.
No, that's okay. Did I expect anything?
Of course not, cause at least they're consistent.
Oh, who cares about these anniversaries? Maybe next year if he makes it, that 25, that'll be a big number quarter of a century, you know?
Do you think they'll write anything then?
No.
No, I doubt it.
God forbid, although I will say Tom Jicca, at least Tom, thank God for my good buddy, Tom Jicca, you know what?
There's the one guy who at least isn't afraid to put my name in the paper even though...
By the way, we love you Tom and I'm sure we just an oversight on your part, wasn't it Tom?
Uh-huh.
Probably also an oversight on Michael Meos' part for not apologizing to Dave Helmerstam.
Here's for Lauderdale, hello?
Yes?
Uh-huh.
You mentioned the... we haven't seen that.
How come I can barely hear you? Why are you whispering?
I'm at work.
Oh, okay.
Me too.
Yeah.
Benjamin, I haven't seen the father of that guy.
That's because he'd be living in jail.
Yeah.
The little kid?
The kid's father.
The father is in jail.
What about the... your mama?
Uh, I don't know, I think last I heard with the misinformation from the media.
They can't find her or something?
They can't find her.
I don't think so.
So here's the six-year-old kid that's living at home in the scumbag environment with guns and weapons of crap and drugs all over the place.
They're going guns.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, there must be somebody in there.
Now do you think there might be some special reason why they're not showing us these people?
Yes.
And they also mean...
What reason do you think that is?
Uh...
Yeah.
You're sick and needs help, I guess.
That last caller you had, that was a race boy from the infamous .4 rated Rick and Studshell.
Ian?
And Brittany?
She makes me go... scored scored.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, at least there's two listeners to Rick and Studs.
There's George and uh... Race Boy.
Ow!
What about a hell they call him?
They used to call him Race Boy.
Now I'm Rick and Studswin.
The numbers come out to call him e- Race Boy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 60 on it.
Look at this.
Same old crap.
24th anniversary on a year and we got a couple of calls on the board.
You people, like I said before, just as predictable as Michael Mail.
They are intractable and immovable objects.
They refuse to care.
They refuse just a little kindness in their hearts.
Just to pretend they care.
Just to be nice.
Just to say something nice.
Will they do it?
No.
They suck.
Even if I had tickets for the Leafs Panthers game tonight.
You know the hockey tickets for a nice game?
Then you'd see some action here on the phone.
Then you'd see all these women start calling.
Oh we love you.
You're so wonderful.
Could I suck around for those tickets?
Yes, suck this honey.
Man.
What a, what a place this is.
Maybe they're waiting for that new phone to come in.
You think that's it?
Yeah, so am I.
By the way, now that I mentioned it.
First it was going to be the 14th of February.
Do you remember that 14th of February?
Yeah!
Gregory came in here and made that stentorian statement.
It was going to be February 14th.
You remember that day he came in and stood right over here.
Right till I right.
And pledged in blood.
February 14th.
Did we get it on February 14th?
No.
No.
Then it was going to be the first of March.
The eyes of March or something like that.
March 1th.
Today is March 1th.
Last time we checked.
Is it here yet?
No.
I just mentioned that in passing because between the interim between the 14th of February
and today March 1th.
We've had more problems again and again.
We just got the AmpisaCraft phone system which doesn't work.
How many weeks, how many months can go by before the one of these leads finally decided they're going to make a commitment to this program?
Is it ever going to happen?
No.
We doubt it.
In fact, that could be our poll question.
Will we get the phone before Michael Maywell apologizes that they've held her stand?
That's not going to be our poll question, but that would be a good one.
That's going to be our poll question today.
Ricky Martin, do you think he's gay?
What?
Yes or no?
Yeah, you're a nay.
Is Ricky Martin gay?
Or C, don't care.
No, no.
Don't give them out.
Don't give them all these extra options.
If they don't care, then get away from our website.
Okay.
Get away from our thing.
Ricky.
Here's a mobile and Cooper City.
Hello.
How are you, Neil?
I've been out of burst.
Thanks so much for carrying it off to send you very best.
Well, wait.
I don't have two cards already.
Oh!
Well, I actually should have sent you a card.
But I want to give you a personal thank you for two things.
One, for at least 15 years of entertainment.
That's all I have been listening to since you went to Zeta.
And two, in all the years you've been on the air, I believe that I have gotten the grand prize from you.
And what was that?
And I never thanked you for it.
Yeah.
A trip to Buffalo.
This is the guy who called when we were in IOD, we gave him the trip to Buffalo to see the dolphin bills give him.
He called Hank to tell him about a great time again.
No, remember I explained it.
Yeah, you're not the guy?
No, I definitely am.
So why is the answer no?
If George is saying no, I'll tell you that George made me a date.
Well, you just said no.
You said no three times already.
You're the guy.
I did.
You just said no two more times.
Then you say no to, you got it on tape.
You're the guy.
And why are you so defensive about him just stating a fact you're the guy.
We had a big contest at IOD.
If somebody win the two tickets and the trip to Buffalo to go see the dolphins in the bills game up there.
You won.
You came back to town and you called Hank.
Who was that?
You know, I was over there and you called Hank on this station to tell him what a great time he had.
That's partially true.
I explained this.
Well, what part of it was untrue?
I did call him, but he was giving the dolphins.
He was berating the dolphins because of their performance.
And I called him to tell him that I was there and it was cold and windy and it was a bad day and he wasn't there.
So he doesn't know what he was talking about.
Yeah.
Which I did call him.
I know you're helping my friend Hank.
Is that what you're doing?
Yes, I am.
Oh, boy.
Go ahead.
Wait, no, there's more.
I never had a chance to do that.
Hank yesterday, the first 20 minutes of his show, it must have been fantastic if you could have only heard what the other guy and what the other people were saying.
Because he's out at the rail and he was talking to these people and you couldn't hear a word that they were saying.
You know, people had just dropped by and it was like, I wanted to, I was listening on the car going home and I wanted to poke Hank at the ribs with like a, with a ramrod or something.
And he said, hey, Fatso, you're on the air now.
You know, we can't hear what these other people are saying. But never let's go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Oh, he did say one thing.
He said that one lady had nice, you know what?
Oh, yeah.
Did you hear that, Hank said, tits on the air yesterday.
That's right.
You certainly did.
Wow.
You can't say that on this show.
I don't know what you can't.
You can't.
But I never got a chance to tell you the best part of that whole trip.
Okay.
I'll make it brief as brief possible.
We've used the whole time.
I know.
It's already eight years ago.
We sat with the people from Continental Airlines and they told me that if I can continue to say that airline's name on the air like a whore,
they would give me two free tickets first class anywhere in the country.
And I did.
I got a tape of the show.
I sent it to the guy who was ahead of marketing.
He was in like North Carolina or something.
Yeah.
And I got two tickets and I used them to go to Seattle and had a fantastic time there.
And it was, I never got a chance to tell you because I was on a black list for five years.
But so I thank you.
I'll call that as well.
Don't tell her you had a good time in Seattle when you get back.
Oh, have a great day.
You know, as wild the one that says a crap on here and is using on my little.
Shopping that I stole from Rick and son and says penis and vagina a lot because she's desperate.
27 after 10 at five sixty WQ I am.
Oh, frosty.
Dad.
Are you a corporate decision maker looking to make the right choices for your staff?
That's me.
If you want to streamline the process, try using the any meany mindy mode system.
Just take a look at someone who recently almost completed our training program.
Drufflin.
As you can tell by the elaborate colorful chart, we've had equal success with these past buyers.
But because of limited resources, we only have enough money to back one company.
Well, sir, I think we all know what to do.
Proceed.
Any meany mindy mode.
Catch it tiger by the time.
And don't think that your newfound knowledge will go unrewarding.
Any meany mindy mode.
Congratulations, Jenkins.
So if you're dummered and dirt, why not use the any meany mindy mode system in your office today?
Coming soon, the one potato two potato system and the magic eight ball.
1032 and 560 WQM.
Any meany mindy mode catch it tiger by the toe?
Is that how that goes?
Yes.
No, it's not.
It's the politically correct way to do it.
That's not how that goes.
Any meany mindy mode catch a.
What's the word that goes in there?
Not tiger.
Oh, maybe the tiger woods they were.
Yeah.
560, 560, 0.560.
And by the way, what the hell are niggertows anyway?
Resulness.
Right.
Where'd you learn that?
All my life.
560, 0.560, 0.560.
Only AT&T line.
Here's our only Puerto Rican listener Ralph C.
He says, Ricky Martin S.Una Galina Loka.
Galina.
What is it?
Oh, that's right.
Two else in Spanish.
I know I see this stuff and I want to read the Italian now.
I don't want to read the spict off.
S.Una Galina Loka, which means.
Crazy chicken.
Oh.
So thanks a lot Ralph C.
Our only Puerto Rican listener and George H.U. like poison.
I love Ralph.
He's a good guy.
Oh, you know, Ralph?
Is that two appearances?
Oh, there you go.
Well, speaking of coming out two appearances, guess who else says to be a fast-wish, me happy anniversary?
Besides chronic Mike the Faxor and Kendall.
Paul from Cameroon.
See, I'm not reading your fast-ball from Cameroon because you stiff us on Saturday.
We might have even talked to you there on Saturday because quite frankly, you would have been one
of the only people on the age of 100 and living and breathing.
We're not on the feet.
We could have dealt with it.
We were saving you a guy damn seat.
Even Miguel was saving you a spot there at the wheel.
You could have spun it.
We were to dunk you in that tank.
So thanks a lot for coming out.
Not Paul from Cameroon.
You phony below me, you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And you noticed, do I see any women on his phone back now?
No.
No.
What are you giving away?
No, I see that that's my point.
Who would be generally the people called saying happy anniversary meal would be the women who have nothing else to say allegedly.
But certainly they're the ones you get the card from.
You notice I didn't say plural, I said singular.
But boy, if I had hockey tickets for tonight's Toronto Panthers game at the Macarena, which I see in a paper this morning,
3,000 unsolved tickets, how embarrassing.
Here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello.
New God.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to wish you congratulations on 24 years.
I don't know how you've done it.
I know.
I've been down here for five and have it, have it, have it listener.
Coming up, I 24th anniversary and it's still the same dead response.
How do you like that?
Isn't that pathetic or what?
Oh, God.
You, you are the one thing that makes life down here tolerable.
I mean, I'm saying to these people, don't send me a gift.
Don't even send me a card.
Just pick up the phone and send you very best and will they do it?
No, they won't do it.
No.
No.
It's like the bumper sticker.
If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.
I appreciate you for the point.
Exactly.
And thanks to you, not your encouragement, but I joined the ACLU,
starting to think it was my head for myself for the first time.
Good for you.
And came to thank you enough.
Okay.
Happy anniversary.
And thanks a lot.
See, there's a guy who didn't have a whole lot to say,
but he was a nice guy.
He was being nice on this one day.
Once in a great while, like on Christmas day, how about Christmas day?
No.
Hanukkah, you're on Kipper.
No.
Fourth of July.
Columbus Day.
No.
Halloween.
No.
Just one day out of the year being a nice person, huh?
I mean, even though you live here in South Florida,
you don't have to be a prick every day.
Just one day out of the year being nice.
No.
Come on.
Once, maybe for five minutes, what do you say?
No.
Will you do it?
No.
Pastries.
Here's a nice card from Lon and Sherry, who delivered personally,
I ran into Georgetown.
There's thank God I missed him.
I mean, they're too bad I didn't see him.
Now they're nice.
And they run a place called Art in the Fast Lane,
and they frame stuff, I guess, or whatever else they do.
So they send by a beautiful poster,
the skyline of Toronto, Ontario.
It's been time for a nice Leafs Panthers game.
How do you like that?
Thanks a lot, Lon and Sherry.
We got it up on the wall.
They're behind me right now.
There's the CN Tower and the Skydome right behind me,
which I'm sure it probably must be there.
They're there.
Believe me.
They're still there.
So speaking of that last game between...
Now let's give away these Panthers at Leafs tickets for night.
What do you say?
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm not going to play the Panthers.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
I'm out of time.
I'm out of time.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
Christian still inside Joshua.
I'm out of time.
I'm out of time.
I'm out of time.
This is embarrassing.
This will give you some material.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Remmer called me last night.
Remmer calls me last night.
Good morning back.
So he calls me if it lists.
Play for me last night.
I planned.
talking about something else that he missed a call.
No.
And I said, Rimmer, for you to be knocking Joe Bowen is one of the most
I said, I'm going to talk about that on the year tomorrow.
I hope that everybody tells Joe Bowen at the arena tonight that Jeff Rimmer was
knocking him on the year on the phone to me last night.
Talk about professional jealousy.
Uh-huh.
Man.
So, Rimmer.
Although he is a straight shooter, the Rimmer, even though it's only his wallet.
Oh, it's not his wallet.
Yeah, if he pulls something out of his pocket, Rimmer, you can be sure it's not his wallet.
Like the guy said yesterday in the facts, which was absolutely correct.
Knock in my buddy Joe Bowen.
You got some freaking nerve, man, Rimmer.
I'll tell you that right now.
Shame on you.
And that partner in crimeyers that stupid frog Denise Pock van.
Whose middle name is 21 before 11 at 560 WQM.
When it toughness boards radio, he wrote the book Goldberg.
I heard an interview the other night with Peter Damans with Jim Bound.
Yes, sounds as for ESPN.
This is Jim Bound.
Cook for the Hammer.
This is for the QAM.
Sport radio 560.
QAM.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Roger.
Radio.
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
Peppy
in December
My first time
Remark
What is the issue?
有沒有
The issue
That
you haven't
Jae
okay now he's a kind of guy that's hanging right he told the veins you show
he shows up in the face right the veins show up in his one
on his neck yeah and his forehead now now I didn't like the card I think when he
sings the vein stand up on your forehead is what I think I think so now it sounds
like it now this is what I've heard about you guys in La Republika de
anyway you know we welcome everybody down there really yes except the thing and
your kind too no I don't think so no thanks a lot there oh you kind of over
the Canary Islands no no no all the German guys afloat they go there they
float over there yeah now now back to my gun now hey maybe we ought to make some
of those Germans into bars of soap okay it's called payback is a bitch and
put them into water until you think in float right across the Atlantic
you're the best now now back to my gun to anything now I didn't like the guy
myself and you can't think for sure yeah now one day I didn't the light
down and put a little music in another wine and it got from me from behind
yeah all of a sudden it just got to me you know and they're on yeah you better
try to listen to me listen to you do this you didn't the light
yeah yeah a little wine and put his music yeah it's gonna come down on you
let's swim down and you're behind yeah okay good luck hey love you
Oscar K. Or me this okay I'm so pretty you speak up on you he
sticks up on you're from behind and then he comes down on you right
something like that so maybe he is a lot like Ricky Martin more so than we
think but no matter what he can't think for sure Mark Anthony boy he is
bad what is that all about and looks bad I mean at least Ricky Martin if you
never know who he was if he's photographed from just a right angle although
that picture of him down there at the Versace Place remember where the
blonde bleached hair oh good god almighty he is gruesome he looked like a what
do they call a yellow cat what do they call it like a tabby what are they
close yeah oh gruesome how come I keep sin and not only that you know Ricky Martin
can't think for the top it all off here's a mobile in bokeh hello
hey Neil yes anniversary thank you I've been listening to you for about 15
years now I heard you mentioned HGH yeah earlier right the jury is still out
with the holistic doctors they say that if you add HGH to your body which your
body already produces it yeah if you add it to your body it's not the growth
and that there's a combination of of amino acids you can take one of them's
glutamine that can help make it pituitary gland create it for yourself and it
helps you know make your own body produce on its own so you can you know your
your body's more used to it because it's your own HGH yeah whatever that means
well if you add a body it's not your body's HGH so it's it's a foreign substance
to your body you see them saying well I don't buy that because I'm taking I mean
your body produces coq 10 and I've been taking coq 10 for months and my pulse
rate is down to like 67 and 68 and 72 which is lower than it's been in a hundred
years so I don't buy that well human growth hormone is exactly what it said
it's a growth hormone that can have it can have a adverse effect to your body by
creating you know tumor growth in your body okay I'll pass them thanks it's a
10.56 well pass that talked me out of it right there okay do I need a good to
to to to to tumor I don't think so not this week but I just mentioned it in
passing because there's a full page ad there in the Suncindle and whoever spent a
lot of money do we'll put that ad in there I want to make sure they get a lot
of publicity get their money back
a long long time ago it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine
and no one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American war so they
partied like it was 1899 the war events that made you shiver but there were
times we did deliver I promise that was kept with that famous one small step I can't
remember each event or everything that man did in vents a century we will
present this is how it went my my how's it time it's like it started some
by it all happened in the blink of a night a hundred years have gone by
he don't start when two guys were right when they put in their plane they do fight and the
thought of radio signified had his love to thank and want to feel the and max
like and the Titanic that story we all know well world war one it soon began with
shooting arch to press is heard and then millions died from the flu
hit querer
new started
and
emotion
and
an
again
bud
and we醉
and
his
!*
for the century it's time that we say goodbye
it all happened in the blink of an eye
a hundred years have gone by
help it at his family's liberty
and that's produced a new model of tea
and Lumberland did near Paris
then some moldy red kids
and a film in Wall Street
and the great depression and women
would vote like you and me
oh my god
and Germany's chancellor was sworn in
and World War II was soon begin
made your Republican land
the projectman had said
never loose in trial in Tennessee
we caught a first one at TV
then the date and the thin info me on
the Christmas Eve's come by
and we were singing by my
half the time it's five cents
it started something
for the many years we declined
for the century some that we say goodbye
it all happened in the blink of an eye
a hundred years have gone by
Franklin Winston they were soon be winning
starting with the ZZZ invasion
for that one in a polling call
in Russia no one sees a fraud
and Germany they find these love
discovered the horrors of the Holocaust
that man little boy in all the
case changed the whole world on that very day
we know had just begun
and China moved five months
eight times the first player in baseball
that was what is real
got their whole land back
that's you fit selected Jack Gunn
three years gone by
and we were singing by my
half the time it's five cents
it started something for the many
years we declined the century
some that we say goodbye it all
happened in the blink of an eye
a hundred years have gone by
separate for the more made such a
big deal
but most of the time
went on the bus
only you cured with the vaccine
and my shot get us big time
with spot Nick our troops into
the rear quick discovered
the double helix deal
okay let us wait too soon
you read the first space
yet the bill we did it
and the friendship said declined
to the night cubism is no
gave us quite a fright
southeast Asia is on new fight
a hundred years gone by
and we were singing by my
half the time it started
something for the many years
we declined the century
some that we say goodbye it all
happened in the blink of an eye
a hundred years have gone by
kneels giant step with the big news
rovers way gave women right to
choose Nixon resigns about
water gays
got the troops that a
Vietnam had hostage you
taken by Iran and a virus
made us too scared to go
days
a test to baby help a lot
some guy named Bill started
Microsoft Chernobyl explosion
the furlin walk it's broken
the US is our sad goodbye
some students in China they
did try seven died in the Florida
sky a hundred years gone by
and we were singing my
half the time it's
it started some
for the century it's
done that we say goodbye it all
happened in the blink of an eye
a hundred years have gone by
we were singing my
half the time it's
done that we say goodbye
because a hundred years have gone by
okay very quickly because that
thing goes on forever we got ponytail on
it's one of what he said last time he was on
here I didn't say shit yeah you did
happy anniversary meal thanks Jeff
would you like some real advice with your
diet and all this kind of stuff
what does that mean there's a bottom
line here and you might not want to
get back to what's that until you put
exercise into your weekly routine no matter
what diet you go on it's correct you're
right it's not going to be long term
success that's right so you get off your
ass and if you do three hours a week
like one hour a day or forty
minute whatever it is right whatever diet
you combine with that exercise is going to
work you're going to feel more energized
you're going to feel healthier and it's
time to start doing it I didn't say
shit yeah okay okay that's that I mean that's it
I'm going to go home and hop right on it
before the leaf game tonight I'm very
happy to share another anniversary with you
nice Jeff been good for both of us yes
it has probably better for me I would
think so you know I am getting a part
time job at Godfather's around the
corner though it's not around the corner
get out it's okay though it's not the
starting product there's room for everybody
right absolutely I couldn't agree with you
more we love Godfather that's right
hey listen I got to go that the
anniversary you don't forget
see some exercise okay yeah I'll
put down in and out you know all about
that does he know about that uh-huh
eleven after eleven already
don't we love Godfather's yeah I
didn't know no Godfather
we came morning to six I listen to
a lot of morning and evening first thing
in the morning it turned it on I get the
scores I get the weather for you by
six you have fifty who were out the
moon might perhaps one of the most
interesting words in the English
language today is the word
fuck out of all of the English words
that begin with a letter F
because the only word that is referred
to as the F word it's the one magical
word just by its sound can describe
pain pleasure hate and love
as most words in the English
language is derived from German the word
weekend which means to strike in
English falls into many grammatical
categories as a transit of verb for
instance John F. surely its meaning is
not always sexual it can be used as an
adjective such as John's doing all the
f***ing work as part of an adverb
surely talks too f***ing much as an adverb
and enhancing an adjective surely
is f***ing beautiful as a noun I
don't give a f***ing as part of a word
abso f***ing loosely or in the f***ing
credible and as almost every word in a
sentence f***ing f***ing f***ers
because you must realize there aren't
too many words with a versatility of
f***ing as in these examples describing
situations such as fraud I got f***ed
that the use car lot this may or f*** it
trouble I guess I'm really f***ed now
aggression don't f*** with me buddy
dismissal why don't you go outside and
play hide and go f*** yourself I'm sure
you can think of many more examples say
it loudly and proudly f*** you
all right 1117 at 560 WQA and 560
0560 0560 on a 18 2 wireless line
during that long American pipe
here in the all almost everybody
dropped off and then the ponytail was
on there giving me a song that he's
right he's right those lazy bastards
like yours truly you can do atkins you can do
scatkins you can do low fat high fiber all
this other song of that and unless you get
off your lazy ass and start like they
like a i465 say move your body that's
right you're not going to lose the
guy then wait I may have lost a few
pounds but then you start getting into that
limbo and you know why you're in limbo
because you're not doing anything you
haven't sped up your metabolism you're not
burning it so let's all go burn one what do you say
5 6 7 0 5 60 05 5 60 on a 18
t line here's key west hello hi Neil how you
doing okay happy anniversary you have the best
boxo on top on radio yes thank you
um i'm not a q guys i work as a
correctional officer really and i'm
also a substitute teacher and i
tell you i work with murderers and
you know rate this and eat murderers
yeah yeah and i'm more scared to go
in the school now then to go work as a
correctional officer it's terrible
i almost threw up when i heard about that
sexual nobody cares nobody gives a
crap in fact because they had the
primaries last night the networks made
sure that the primary reports were all first and that's the shooting of a
six year old kid in school a little girl that was
like way on down the list when they got
couldn't when they let all the other stuff
which is it could what cares about the primary
is i mean the election still way off
yeah i mean it's sad
nobody cares well um that's all i want to call about
okay hang in there proud happy anniversary
and take the care yourself see it the passport
office right by the way speaking of honest
cops two more high alia cops named in drug
sale at club
yeah two more highly police offices have been
accused of involving in drug sale in the world of
all night rave parties that cost the colleague
his job last year to others are under investigation
though the charges are serious police
emphasized the offices are not a criminal gang
well god i'm sure relieved aren't you
thank god for that
they're young they have money and they like the
nightlife they're young and hung and uh
they like to uh they're ningo simple single
and mingle and whatever that is
the only drug sale made public so far
was an eight dollar transaction last
October two when several offices were
on an off duty security assignment at a
rave party in a highly aware house police
had an undercover informant to a party
see if drugs could be bought officer
Omar Diaz they say sold them four green
ecstasy pills now where the pills green
are the kids who took them both
both uh huh Diaz or rookie was arrested
November Piggil and that goes on and on
and on and on so it just goes on
is there anything about that hooring in
Kendall no not yet we're waiting on that
five six seven oh five six
eight five six the on the AT&T wireless
line here's a call from Chicago
hello uncle Leo yes sir happy
anniversary thank you
um i've been listening to you forever
even i lived in south florida moved to
Chicago several years ago and
listen to you on the internet now
you're talking about the crooked
cops we had a couple of cops here in
Chicago caught on videotape stealing
the guy had two security cameras
the police took one of the videotapes
and forgot to take the other one
which actually showed them stealing
yeah so they should get fired
for stealing and for stupidity
and for being stupid with a
capital S
um go i make a shameless request
yes sir could you play a rostoman
how about rostad you
rostad you yeah oh that would be
rostad you man would be good
rostad you make it you got it man
already and another 24 years
you think see uh all right bye
another 24 minutes i take
this show 24 minutes at a time
especially when i look at a phone like this
have we had a lady call today
there were a couple unholes
who hung up because i played that long
a bit but you know something too bad
and this bitch that wanted me to pass a request on you and got
all surly when i wouldn't
isn't that nice like you're like you're the uh
the message taken out of the pimps
today okay
if you want to request just tell George
and you'll hear the dial tone immediately
now they don't care they don't care enough to send
a verse even to make a phone call and say
happy anniversary nio thanks for all the laughs
thanks for getting this pissed off
thanks for being a potty mouth old the fag
whatever it is anything
do they care enough no no they don't
they absolutely do not
they're like Michael Mayo
recalcitrant, immobile, intractable
unrepentant
here's a mobile and hollywood hello
Nio yes sir
how are you doing today okay uh i just want to wish
a happy anniversary
and for making my day much better
driving out here we all these crazy people
okay thank you bro
i wanted to make a comment regarding the shooting in the Bronx
do you know if both police officers had uh
vets on the arm of proof vets on it
i haven't got any idea
okay and you know those that uh
drum and turrets the kids that do the rocks off the
bridge on their tool by the way i thought
there was only one there two women died
yeah and um
if american kids from uh
some of
uh guys that are in the service
right right there the children of american servicemen
that is correct that's correct
anyway happy anniversary
thanks a lot yeah first we sent McDonald's
and coke over there that's coke a cola coke
and now we're sending uh
murdering thugs over there to a europe
to poison the world with our craft
and as american continues sending its greatest export
all over the world
okay i thought it was only one
not that it would be any better
it was just a doubly worse more grotesque two women died
and they start the story was on channel four
yesterday i think they're doing that story
and they started i forget where i shouldn't blame them
because i don't remember what uh maybe it was on CNN
they were throwing stones
off the overpass and they showed the boulders
that went through the windshield to these cars
killing two women and hitting us
several other cars too by the way
in to reach some other people
they weren't stones they were boulders
not like pebbles that might like put a little
a mark on the uh
uh dente uh hood of the car
some like that these were boulders
damn
there you go because it's the american f and way
five six seven oh
oh and then they had some uh
some of the service people on it wow you know
these kids really have a ruffle over here
and uh yeah
oh given us a big song and dance trying to
make some excuses to why the
to explain their aberrant behavior
i thought i thought just
and that they were raised by americans would be
explanation enough didn't that be all you need to know
they have it rough like how they're barbeque
who the hell knows that i don't know yeah
it's really tough over there you know they all look very
well dressed very affluent sure very well fed
they weren't missing any meals
they're all hooked up
that's the problem with each other
here's a mobile and davy hello
hey nia just wanted to let you know
where that f word came from in case you were curious at all
jack wagnar an old announcer at Walt
disney world he was known as the voice of
disney for about ten years got fired
for doing that really
yep uh
yep i was uh
i was about six years ago but uh the man
lots of jobs working there for a lot of years
boy that disney i sure got no sense of humor do they
um well yeah they do have feelings
for people that are supposed to be in the humor business
so i was up there for a couple of uh
in-house employee drag shows etc etc
they're pretty funny in disney pay for all that stuff
so it's pretty cool okay i'm great day
see ya butchup
so this guy records the thing like that
it's probably like that chest to feel queen
thing anybody remember that deal
tight little island full of gay
romance everywhere gay sandals
and they wear tight and air
one drens top top bottom every day
less with a miracle of being gay
the very best of packets in the USA
giving big big big pleasure in a big big way
the very best of packets in the USA
giving big big pleasure in a big big way
hey what's that deal
join the big wish to chest-afield queen
you choice of the fact of America
1125 at QAM
here's Miami hello
Neil God
happy anniversary
thank you
i've been listening to you since uh... god
maybe not too long
probably about five or six years
as soon as i got out of high school
the light was shunned in my face
and uh... just i'm in your face in the light too
and that one as well
just want to thank you for all the great commentary that you've done
hopefully you do it for another 24 years
and uh... just uh... that's pretty much it
i just want to suck up because you've been god all this time
okay thanks for the suction pal
you're welcome to you
26 past 11 at 560 WKM
just to remember what Jeff Cohen said
get off your dead ass that's what he said
look at him he's working out morning noon
and he's working it in and out
out and in back and forth up and down
mostly in and out from what we're hearing
you're listening to real sports radio
sports radio 560
QAM
she takes orgasms i think for play
listen to me this is stand by and
sleep a soulful king understand
where everything is held to the high soulful king
standards the selection isn't just huge
it's so fucking huge believe me
you'll never shop anywhere else
and soulful king's price is on just low
there's soulful king low you'll never find them anywhere else
listen to me when i say soulful king
as a beautiful store i mean soulful king
beautiful when i get a step is helpful
i mean soulful king helpful
listen to me get to know the soulful king
and enjoy a selection of soulful king
huge a staff at soulful king
courteous and pricey said a soulful king
low you'll never shop anywhere else
but don't take it for me
take it from satisfied customer frank
and Stein
soulful king
you shatter frankies soulful king
good
it's 1131 at 560 WQM
here's the beautiful mark to dino
formerly your channel six
how you doing?
I know that you've got a son of a
cheater
от we have to交
onto isn't in love
with her
union
i just want to ask me
the shop
regression
buddha
audiston
guides
you've written up for that. It's not a good thing. It's almost as bad as getting an HOV violation.
Really? Yeah.
Each violation?
Yeah, those ridiculous things on 95 when they've sitting coasters and just picked people off
left and right.
That's the worst. I'm 95 South into the city. You can't. There's no way to get around
that. You might just mail your fine in.
Right.
But unless you have to get to fence team.
Well, that's true.
I'm sure you have other good lawyers in town.
Worst it up.
Exactly. But you just just be aware of it. Anyway, have a terrific year. Have fun.
I think your lease are probably on a better role with the dancers right now.
They're smoking right now. We went through our little bit of a low and all of a sudden
somebody kicked them and asked me, he woke up big time.
You know, you got to give the merge a little credit though, right? This year for now,
we've turned the franchise around for one.
Brian, I give Brian a little credit. The other one I give no credit.
Really?
The brother is a hard ass and a prick, but to be that isn't me.
Really? Well, I just hope it didn't start tightening the news around them as they get
tighter. Well, I think you're starting to hear those gagging, choking sounds coming
from Terry Murray. But Brian, I give credit. He's made a lot of good deals. He's made some
bad ones as we know, but I try to be for the spokesman. He's made a few good deals,
but we'll see what happens.
They might be one more. Apparently, if Vernon's going to go before the trade deadline, too.
Well, well, they don't want to pay him that big salary next year.
And if they can get a decent defenseman, maybe it's a worth a shot.
OK, well, we'll see.
Looking happy in aversory.
And give me what to say. Maybe we got a shot.
Hang in there, Mark.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I could give you a list
right now of the names of the dead bodies and uniforms that are playing on a team, but
that would be bad because I don't want to pick on anybody. Do I?
Oh, here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil. Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
How did your range, Gary Beckman, take care of the Maple Leafs playing here tonight
on your anniversary?
Yeah.
It's just you are special.
That's right.
One more before I go.
Big spot.
Kotlin, Sawgrass, just pass coral ridge right hand side.
Heads up this for them.
OK.
Take care.
Don't flash your headlives.
Yes, even this business of UK, the cops can tell me if I'm going to flash my life to
a substruction of a police, whatever enforcement, that's crap.
If I'm going to flash my headlights all goddamn day, I'll flash it.
Maybe I'm doing it to like say, hey, how you doing?
Maybe it's somebody I know in the other lane.
Let them prove it.
Let them find the other person on the other side.
Are they going to find them?
No.
It's freedom of speech, by the way.
Yeah, that's freedom of speech.
If I want to stick my finger out the window like I'm a dry my fingernails or something,
or you know, wagging the dog or whatever the hell I'm doing, you know, flogging the dog.
Whatever.
Oh, no, you can't do that.
You're a that's obstruction.
I've struck my ass.
OK, you jackasses.
Go arrest some goddamn child molesters, some rapists, some murderers, some arsonists,
some people that are shooting kids in school.
Do something important and stop it all this horse crap out there in the highway.
That's what they're doing.
Horse crap on the highway.
808.
That's police work in this country, a big majority of it.
Between arresting all the people with a pin joint in their ass tray and people that are
flashing their headlights to warn people on the other side of some stupid goddamn radar
speed trap.
Oh, you're see, it's not interfering with law enforcement.
It's interfering with fundraising is what it is.
Because I'll sit here and say it, every goddamn day if it comes to my mind that there are
so many places in this town and that's one of the most egregious examples.
Hyenas road between sunrise and Broward where they just sit there like they were doing
again this morning in a feeding frenzy writing business.
And the chief of police in plantation and the other powers that be who make this policy
and keep in mind the individual officers don't make that policy.
But the power that be your about your assholes, okay?
Which we already know that the chief is an asshole.
Yeah, that's how you spend our tax dollars in plantation.
Do we have any drainage in plantation?
No, no storm sewer, no drainage to speak of, doesn't exist.
So every time all summer long, every time there's a flood, we have a flood in our pants
in plantation because we can't afford that.
Maybe if we could just write enough tickets, we could afford to do that.
Maybe that's what it is.
Here's Winston, hello.
Happy anniversary, Pat Little Fag.
Thanks.
Very listen, you know, they're talking about the two kids, the little kids, the kids that
shot the other little kids.
You know, if his parents taught him a little bit more about the guns, probably he wouldn't
be taking it to school.
I think that's what the problem is, not having the gun.
No, not having the gun.
No, I think he's probably his parents.
So this parent's the one who's in jail, the father who's in jail, you idiot, and the
mother who they can't find.
He's living in a flop house.
So all the more reason they have a bunch of guns laying around because we have, then I
already had the solution.
I have, we could have prevented that if they would listen to me, forced sterilization.
If that case there in Michigan isn't a classic example for what I've been preaching for
years, forced sterilization, scumbags making babies.
So maybe if you'd read a newspaper or have somebody read one to you, pal, you'd understand
what the goddamn facts are.
You gunhugging jackass.
Okay, but have a nice day.
You idiot you.
Living in a flop house.
Where's the store?
Where's the part of the store I was reading?
I don't have time to go find it here.
Living with the acquaintances of the family.
With a bunch of scumbags in a flop house.
And this is a stolen gun.
This is another part of the problem.
Now they're going to have a tough time finding who stole the gun, who's in charge, who's
on first, et cetera, and so on.
That's right.
And this guy's making, oh, wasn't the fact that gun was laying around if they just want
to taught him the right way to use it.
And of course, don't confuse him with the fact that the reason he used it is because
he had a little tip with the girl in the playground that he before and he got pissed off.
She was upset because he spit on her desk and the jumped up and down and was an asshole.
So he had a little tip with her in the garden and playground that he before.
He said, well, I'm going to show you, but he didn't in shot or in the neck and she's dead.
So for his parents, what I just showed him a little better marksmanship.
Maybe he could have killed a few more kids.
Done a better job.
You moron you.
You gun squeezing redneck jackass fool you.
22 before noon at 560 W 2 AM.
This is 560.
2 AM.
Hey asshole.
Hey asshole.
Did you make it, did you make it, did you make it, did you make it, did I roll up or
roll up, I don't see seven five.
Yeah.
You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
The hug is there, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it.
I'm the joke.
I say hi and I.
I say who you're going.
Hey.
How come you don't wear glasses?
I'm not that far from the dark.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
And I like the smokers Cliff.
I like Manzu Gray.
I am a beauty type of guy.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
I like Jimmy Cliff.
You guys rock it and beat them off.
Oh
phone
You know, those, you can knock it off because you can't.
What score for the heavens.
Of course you don't know.
Okay.
It's 14 Buttons in five sixty, wqm o5icle, 67554060.
You know, all of us talk about Brittany and are they're real, are they fake?
It is if anybody should really care what they shouldn't, but Mariah Cury, that one gigantic
boot she's got in the middle of her chest?
Can anybody believe that thing is for real?
No, of course not.
Besides the fact that she can't sing for Schmidt,
but besides that, maybe we'll do a runoff next week
with Brittany and this bitch, Mariah Carey.
Huh?
Yeah, next week we'll do a runoff.
Who's breasted are real and who gives a crap?
Here's a lady in Margate.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Am I the first lady to wish you a happy anniversary?
Well, yes you are.
Thank you so much.
Because the other woman in this audience,
they couldn't give a fly-insmith less.
Oh, I think, you know, for what you put up with
and all those phone calls, some of them are nasty.
I don't know why people have to get so nasty.
Because this is South Florida.
Well, they can have an opinion, but they don't have to get nasty about it.
Well, they aren't nasty.
At least they're just acting natural, you know.
Well, then we have to be nasty to you.
You're always optimistic when you answer your call.
I'm always hoping for the best, and it's fucking the worst, right?
That's what I like about you.
Uh-huh.
You always, you know, you never think about it.
Punch up that button expecting something really great
and more often than not.
You're literally disappointed, but you just keep hoping, you know.
I know.
I feel bad for you when that happens.
Just like Mariah Curie says,
hope springs a turtle in the human breast in this one big one.
Okay, Neil.
Thank you all.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks for having a great day.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, every time 24 years, I punch up the line,
hoping for the best.
Unless the court's judges already wore me ahead of time,
either with a few question marks on here,
which means this is probably a jackass chronic,
or would even let me know who it is like Andy Moss.
Oh, yeah.
And by the way, for those of you who missed Andy's calls several weeks ago,
the reason that we don't get the great calls that I'm hoping for is
it's only when George is on the show that we get the intellectual callers
because George gets them all whipped up to a frenzy and appeals to their intellect.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Oh, sorry, Nick.
I mean, seriously, she just annoys me.
Mariah.
I mean, any of these other, you know, I can take him or leave him.
I mean, Brittany is cute and her music is innocuous.
And she's a real knockout if I were so inclined.
And even I can tell, and even Jennifer Lopez, I mean, highly overdone
and getting very tight of her with a horrible pasty face.
But I can handle that.
But Mariah Carey really bothers me a lot.
What?
I'm just telling you the way it is.
Maybe because we don't want 98 degrees hanging out too close to her.
That might be a part of it.
And secondly, she was supposedly hanging around with Luis.
Did it ever done on you that maybe she's just
a beard?
Is that ever done on you?
Kind of like Jessica Simpson bitch.
Here's a call from Boynton Beach.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning.
Buenos dias.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Like to thank you every day for your rage and your humor and your passion.
OK.
So all I have.
Thank you.
I'll pray for you.
Thank you.
You're all too late.
Speaking of all pray for you, our question on the website,
NeilRages.com, on our poll today is our religious poll.
We're pulling it.
Now what are we doing here?
Are you and of course we got to do that because the Republican
primaries are all based on who hates so which religion the most?
Isn't this great?
All the issues have like long gone.
No, no more issues.
Now we're getting right out of the bare bones of whether Republican
party has really become all about a bunch of religious fanatics.
You got that cat lick guy on here.
They had him up right around the one that wrote the letter of threatening
to contact the sponsors because he didn't like our add in the newspaper.
With me with that Pope Schmata on that asshole.
They had him on last night from the cat lick league or whatever it is.
Nothing got it wrote you that night.
Yeah, that's the one.
Yeah, they had him on there.
But I beat but I'm up on his bullcrap.
And then we got Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell and who's the most
Andy Catholic and the most Andy born again Christian and the worst
anti-neil when we need her and all of a sudden bullcrap.
And where's the rest of 98 degrees?
We want to see Jeff and Drew.
Never met him.
I get him out of there.
Okay.
But at least you this is another birthday gift.
Not only have I got the least in the panthers tonight on my birthday,
which they arranged just special for me, but we got a much music 98 degrees
special on here right now.
And I actually have squeezed myself a couple of times in the last five minutes.
What do you think I played that long-rosh did you for him?
I crazy or what?
No, it's right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Hey, just wanted to send a warning out to all my friends and listeners in
Kendall last night to my girlfriend to the Chili's location on Kendall and
Turnpike.
And who's sitting there at the bar, but our good buddy O.J.
Really?
Oh my God.
Oh, no.
O.J. Simpson.
There with his new girlfriend, I guess.
Oh, man.
Yep.
Just want to let everyone know that locked her doors tonight.
You might be on the prowl.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
He's the Neil.
Okay.
Yeah, we know.
We know everybody knows.
See, I'm waiting to hear a little bit more about this case in Michigan, but nevertheless,
you know what?
I don't want to say it.
Do I want to say it on the air?
Sure I do.
Because it really shouldn't make any difference.
But I'm not a scientist.
And just must just walk up here when I get on.
I'd be at the corner.
Do it in a phone call.
I'll go along with that.
But at any rate, no, people want to know because it's a mixed school there in this little
town, the north of Flint.
And there were like a lot of white kids and there were black kids and see what's it going
to turn out if the kid that did the shooting was black and the victim, the little girl was
white.
Not that it should make any difference, but I already know that there are going to be
some people saying, well, gee, how come the shoe is on the other foot now and the same
people that are always screaming racism before don't give a crap about this.
You follow what I'm saying?
Not that we know.
Do we know yet?
I don't know.
Because for some, well, I can't show the parents because nobody can find them.
The daddy's in jail.
And mommy, she's off with grandma bull in a gutter somewhere, scoring.
I saw that it is something that is great instrument.
What is the vacuum plate?
I play the bells.
Those are the people you prefer.
Yeah, but he's a chickener and the bell is too.
Oh, boy, out of townline is open 877-785-6345.
Some day before they stick you a little ugly ass in the ground, you'll realize how great
98 degrees it is.
I'm talking to the other day, and actually, what is it?
Are you talking to me?
Yes.
877-785, there's even hope for you, okay?
They can actually sing.
Unlike most of these disgusting obnoxious little groups.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello.
Happy anniversary, Mr. Rogers.
Neil, God, happy anniversary to you, big guy.
Thank you so much, sweetheart.
I have been listening to you since I got into Miami in 95, and I was laughing before I even knew who you were.
Right.
Okay, I was listening to you.
What happened to see my person?
It'll break you up.
Oh, I saw you in the Royal Council up on 79.
That picture you got up there, that autograph show.
Oh, yeah.
What is that thing?
Huh?
How old is that?
1882.
Okay, I want to tell you that I am black, and I am Christian, and I love your show.
Great.
How old are you?
How old are you?
I say, how old are you?
Okay, I won't tell you how old I am.
No, don't tell me.
But for all of you guys who call into this guy and give them all kinds of bullshit, you should think about yourself and not start pointing fingers at other folks.
If you can't look at yourself and like what you see and have somebody else poke, you need to look again.
Okay.
Couple of things.
Yes.
I love the thing I love to see is an anniversary picture of you and Angela Ray and Scrumeggisines.
Uh-huh.
And second, I love Cowboy Dick.
I love the bagpipe thing.
I believe that.
The one thing I like to watch it.
So what thing I like the most was the old Julie Skye burglar car.
I even, okay, you got it.
That didn't got me rolled in the aisle.
Okay, you got it.
Thanks again.
Okay, I'll pray for you, pal.
God bless you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I bet he does like that Cowboy Dick.
Uh-uh.
Out of townline is open 877-785-6345.
677-785-6345.
677-6345.
This is still new.
We got on the schedule.
The Hank is out of the rally again.
They maybe will be talking to some people off Mike who are wondering around in the background.
That was, uh, that was pretty interesting yesterday.
I'll tell you that.
For like 15 minutes.
I'm just talking to people on here.
It's having a good time.
But we couldn't hear what the hell they were saying, which made for very bizarre radio to say
the very best to be kind.
And then 6 o'clock we got to boost it tonight.
And, uh, oh, no, we don't.
That's right.
It's, I'm looking on the wrong day.
We got guilty at gun game night from the Hard Rock Cafe at the Sawgrass.
Because 7 o'clock it's the pregame.
730, it's the Panthers and the Toronto Maple Leaf.
Oh!
I just mentioned that in passing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I'm a little bit of information.
Uh, Alex Pines.
Yes.
He had a little hydraulic podium set up on.
Uh, so he could in the conference room.
Where everyone had to be below his eye level.
Yeah.
For his complex.
Is it a low in the polling complex?
I thought maybe, uh, what's his name would be holding them up from behind.
Merit's dear.
Hi more.
Our good friend.
What's his name?
That'd be that'd be nice.
I'm a little bit of a fan of his name too, but uh, the little fucker.
Actually, the little sucker.
Our good buddy, Mayor Rapiga, Piquenius, right hand man.
Our former buddy, uh, uh, uh, yeah.
Isn't that funny?
Wow.
Yeah.
How soon they forget.
I can't even think of his name.
London, the Ed.
Oh, Juan Medellera.
Yeah, okay.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
He'll be holding them up.
I'm a shoulders.
Well, the little fucker just spent countless $1.
And installing this little hydraulic lift.
Well, I guess aesthetic purposes.
I got news for you.
I'm going to help.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news to your Oscar.
Uh, your, your, your meaness.
Anybody know what he was talking about?
No.
I haven't got any idea.
Something about it.
He's trying to lift it and you can't.
56070560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Four minutes to the moon at QAM.
This is 560 QAS.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
560 QAS.
And you see a ham.
My ham.
Food bar.
Hey, what's eating?
Cowboy dick.
Hey, look at Ruse.
There's nothing like a little cowboy dick.
I screwed it.
I want something.
I've got a craving.
Yeah, well, how about some cowboy dick?
Oh, the cowgirls loved my cowboy dick.
And I should know, because I'm cowboy dick.
I like my cowboy dick with some nuts.
No problem, partner.
Introducing cowboy dick.
With not so big, you can hardly wrap your lips around them.
My youngins love cowboy dick.
Hey, I'm a failure posse with my cowboy dick.
Oh, cowboy dick.
You're trying to...
How is it?
I can't talk.
My mouth is full of cowboy dick.
She's smiling.
She's smiling.
Filling your mouth with my cowboy dick.
A cowboy in your groceries freezer.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Once you've had your first cowboy dick,
you won't ever go back.
When you filled with cowboy dick, you'll scream.
Woohoo!
Come on one at 560 WQM.
Happy anniversary to me.
It's 24 years today.
March 1st, 1976, a day to live in.
And for me, thanks a lot, Sid Levin.
I guess.
Sid Levin, is he still alive?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
Wonder if he's still picking up on Russell on the street corner
at lunchtime.
Here's a call from Davey.
Hello?
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
First off, happy point four.
Thank you.
Second of all, a little pig report action.
116th and sterling on up to the air now.
But during the vicinity, they're all over the place today.
Oh, today must be feeding friends today.
This must be the responsive local police.
After that New York City Bronx shooting a trial
and everybody getting pissed off.
Now, you know it.
You know it.
Uh, it's second of all.
What do you think about it going on with the region?
Now that that bitch is off the air.
What do I think about who going on with the region?
You.
You.
Yeah, I can go in and take it off like red handed bitch.
Yeah, huh?
All right.
Yeah, just want to call him with share of being aversory.
And have a great day.
Okay.
Only if he's got the million-way inform.
Okay.
Yeah, Kathy Lee said goodbye.
I'm glad you mentioned it.
We got to play a bunch of the nasty Kathy Lee songs that I write.
Uh-huh.
Because everybody hates that bitch.
And they're all so surprised that Regis doesn't seem the least
but disturbed.
He's probably having accidents that his panties so excited about it.
And who the hell wouldn't be?
Don't bet disgusting.
I think he gets this through a regate no talent bitch.
Oh, Kathy Lee, we want you out of grab Kathy Lee.
Of course, the obvious question.
Anybody with a brain will be wondering is why?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Anya, how you doing?
Great.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Been listening to your show for about four years.
I'm probably the only seven-day events of the Christian
that enjoys your show.
Seven-day Adventist, huh?
That's right.
Wow.
I've been enjoying your show totally.
I think you enjoyed doing excellent jobs.
Well, you're going to hear the guys that make that stuff that they put in the supermarket
that make believe meat stuff.
That make believe meat exactly right.
I see that.
I just made that.
I made that.
I made that.
I read and they kicked that call and talked to you about the kid and the father.
You know, it's tragic what's going on nowadays.
Band guns, all of them, man.
Yeah.
Take care. Have a nice day, man.
Okay, have a great life.
And we'll sell us some more of that to spam or whatever that stuff is.
The make believe spam.
Yeah, and this guy is right.
What we ought to do, and I told George this this morning.
Because this is only theoretical because we'll never happen here.
No, not in the West because you'd have a revolution.
You're right.
Do you want to have the gun round up police going house to house door to door and just picking up every guy damn gun?
Handguns, uzi's everything on the sun picking up guns everywhere.
Then that old argument about well, then the scumbags will have the guns.
We'll even go into the scumbag neighborhoods.
Okay.
You have to probably have to wear some heavy armor.
We'll be a good idea.
But nevertheless, just to pick them all up and stop the insanity.
Stop it now.
Okay. Nobody in this country has any business having a gun except the police in the military.
And other than that, the answer is no.
No, and the militia.
Do we have a militia?
No.
Then so like I said, nobody else.
Talk about people, the stretching it in the history and the fanaticism that these people get involved with,
even because of course they're logic is all if they make the furrow.
And once they start infringing on our absolute rights, then they're going to like take them away.
And of course my response that is good.
Thank God.
Do you son of a bitch?
Here's D'Areal.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Great.
Hey, I was surfing the internet and I came, I was looking for Tobaya Nucar and I came across a dealer in Virginia called Coons Ford.
Yeah.
You think that we have a Coons Ford here?
Oh, do we?
That name sounded kind of familiar.
Can we have a Coons Ford here?
So then how come the brothers don't make a big deal out of it?
Well, now the thing all about it, they probably will.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, how about Coons Mustang?
You ever see a Coon in the Mustang?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
All of them are actually like Coons and Cadillacs.
Old Cadillacs, old beat up Cadillacs, or if they're like pimps, they got like brand new yellow flashy Cadillacs.
Pink, yellow, real flashy, nice Coons colors.
Sky blue.
Sky blue is also a Coon color?
Oh yeah, I didn't know that.
I'd be learning every minute.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Davy.
Hello.
Lady in Davy is gone.
The lady in Davy is gone.
That wouldn't hold on long enough to speak to me on my 24th anniversary on a year.
That she should only have a wicked migraine and deep sharp or stabbing pains in her neck.
Next five years.
Thanks for holding on, sweetheart.
That's for you, honey.
11 minutes out of her life, it was too long.
The first person I ever met in my life right there, whoever told me it was too long.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile-informed migra, Salon.
Hey, me else.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
She got a lot of hell on.
I would have got my ass ripped.
Exactly.
Yeah, I just wanted to say thank you for all the years.
No, no, it's the women that don't hang on.
If you don't get to them right away, you're history.
Forget it.
They've got a lot going on over here.
Yeah, evidently.
There's too busy watching Oprah.
Waiting for the Oprah warm-up show.
Anyway, just got back from Lake Tahoe on a beautiful vacation.
It was just phenomenal.
One of the most beautiful places I've ever been.
Yeah.
And it's got it's tough to come back here, man.
But for many work, I'm so glad that you're on the air, man.
You just probably keep me running, buddy.
Okay.
I love you.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you, too.
See you in Tahoe.
I'm going to Tahoe.
No.
Sounds reasonable.
What are we going to get on that national airline and go to Vegas?
Very soon sounds good.
Like maybe the saffrono would be good.
Or maybe like right after the least panthers game tonight.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line out of townline.
Tool 3, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5.
One card.
Now, I did have a couple of other cards.
One guy brought five seminal on Saturday.
And then these are nice people who brought me the Toronto skyline,
the thing back here, the picture.
That was nice.
But one card I got in the mail.
And that was like the early one.
Remember a couple of days ago that thing came in.
One anniversary card in the mail.
You talk about a town that doesn't care enough to send their very best,
to send anything, not even a bunch of things in the mail.
Nothing.
Nothing.
They wouldn't give you Smith.
And you know what it makes me feel like?
Makes me feel like I'm in Miami.
That's what it makes me feel like.
Well, we don't care about your birthday, your anniversary.
Yeah, your mom.
We don't care about any of that.
Well, what do you care about?
Well, what do you got some tickets?
You got some guy named Tickets Forest Guide, damn it.
You're freaking Jew.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Out of town line is waiting on you.
877-785-6345.
That combined with the fact that there's no new phone system here today,
which today is the 1st of March, we were guaranteed absolutely positively
beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Do we know if it's even arrived in the building?
Have they even told us that yet?
No.
The latest lie that we were told is,
oh, that it was shipped its on its way from San Jose.
That's the latest story that these people have fabricated,
just like the checkers in the mail, which they're real good with that one.
I would say the greatest line of 99 was the day that Greg Read
or maybe it was like, I'll read it this year a little while.
Yeah, it was, I guess, 2000.
When we got the final word on that FCC find and Greg Read stands here and says,
oh, well, maybe we ought to do like Cox did when they got fined by the FCC.
Instead of paying them a 35 grand, we'll just, we won't pay him.
And I said, well, that should be no problem for you.
You got a lot of practice.
And he said, yeah, nine minutes after noon at 560 WQM,
the criminalized pot in Florida.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Color fifth Thea Carter back in your pants today around 12 five 60 WQM,
our poll is real interesting.
See, I like these polls that give us a little revelation so to speak about
the audience, especially since they're doing it anonymously and they don't
have to be a bunch of pussy's and afraid somebody finds out what they are or who they are or
how big it is.
What religion do you believe in not born into?
Leave it to Eric to phrase this correctly.
Okay, while we were sitting here agonizing over that, what religion do you believe in?
Not born into.
That's pretty simple for most of our people out there.
And anyway, atheists, so far we got 53 votes because we started this relay.
Atheist 20, agnostic 14.
How do you like that?
So that 64% of this people have been on the website voting on the so far.
Atheist, agnostic.
In other words, people with a brain.
Seven, cat lick.
At least still this week.
Five.
Oh, Jewish.
Fini babies.
Four Protestant.
Two Buddhist.
Well, that makes me feel much better.
Maybe they'll come over here and I can rub their head.
One board again, Christian and Mormon.
Muslim.
The Mormon thing, I find that very hard to believe.
Unless I chase them all away.
You think it's possible I chase them all away?
Because I may too many cracks about their magic underwear.
Does he have a big Mormon town?
Are there any tabernacles?
There's a Mormon thing right there on it.
Yeah.
What is it on the hundred eighteen?
It's on the hiatus, I do believe.
It's either on the Northwest, Midwest, Northwest.
Either on Flamingo or one eighteen.
There's a big Mormon church.
It's one eighteen.
I mean, it's whatever the hell it is, I don't know.
Right by me.
There's a big Mormon thing there.
And every now and then you'll see those kids with their white shirts in the black bicycles,
name tags and their magic underwear.
Righting up and down the streets, peddling it and their bikes too.
No Mormons, come on, I don't believe that.
Donnie Osmond would really be upset about this.
He'd be pissed off, I'll tell ya.
All the Mormons have vanished from this audience.
Those were great days back when we really had naughtiness before we came to this radio station.
Seriously, before we came to this, in fact, one day, maybe a little, last couple days of this week,
or next week, we'll take a poll on morning listening.
On what show about people listening to it in the morning before they turn over to this show on this radio station
because there's not much crossover, I'll tell you that.
Following those three guys in the morning, I say this with all due respect on my 24th anniversary on the year in this town.
Following that show is like following the test pattern.
Only the test pattern is less painful and there's less suction.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no, hello.
Hey, Neil, thanks for 24 years of great radio.
Yes, sir.
You know, you were talking about on Monday about your turnout out there the elderly.
I was golfing Sunday, chasing that little white ball around.
I'm telling you, half the people out on that golf course were over 75.
They've got all week to be out there and they've got to go out there on a Saturday or Sunday.
Right.
By the way, I don't want to make a request at the end of this.
Okay.
Let's pass a law and I know you could be definitely the president of this.
No one under the age of 65 over the age of 65 is a lot of other house from Friday night to Sunday night.
Okay.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
They take up the highways.
They go to the malls.
They've got all week to do that.
I don't want to week to go out there and drive and make our lives miserable.
And then on the weekend, they get out there and they're going like 10 miles an hour.
Every afternoon, get them off the highways.
Anyway, the request.
You can't refuse them.
The request on the day you daughter is wetting.
Okay.
All right. The bridge tender.
You know who that guy was?
You know who he is?
Teddy.
Yeah, that's who that is with his lawsuit.
Oh, I'm just...
Hey, all new people.
Get out there on a weekend and get in front of this guy and go in about five miles an hour.
We'll give you 50 bucks every time you do it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, and also a fizzy glass of stuff.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, no.
Just a Georgia.
They don't have Martin Luther King Boulevard.
And I would get this back to back.
Back to back.
Back to back.
All I can say is...
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Lady mobile in Miami.
Oh, that's me.
Oh, my God.
It's you.
It's me.
You know, I've been listening to you for many years.
And this is the first time I've ever called a talk radio period.
All right.
First time I've ever called a talk radio period.
You've finally hired me to do this because I was always afraid to say something and talking
to me.
Why would I do that?
I don't know, but I know you do it tongue in cheek.
But I wanted to tell you because I turned on and today I found out you're at a grocery.
And it's my birthday.
Well, how do you like that?
How do you like that?
Well, great minds work alike.
Yes.
But we have more than that.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm 45 today.
Oh, it's spring chicken.
And let me tell you, I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
I was very depressed.
He died four hundred and sixty.
He was very depressed.
goal.
He has was never valid.
The truth определенess.
He decided to come down to the basement.
So obviously the marriage didn't last.
So I divorced them and I've been divorced now for about nine months.
But I thought that it was very, very strange and I said, well,
in other words, you couldn't whip them into shape, is that what you're saying?
No, the way he wanted to be with Neil was, it was totally unbelievable.
To the point where you would think that he would bleed almost.
Thank you, but I learned my lesson from the Latin
culture.
I don't think I will ever be remaring another cue.
Yeah, well, why do you think you see somebody who's a sacrifice chickens on a front
lawns all over town?
You know, it's that choking the chicken that's in drum again.
Well, I learned my lesson.
Yeah, well, don't do it again, sweetheart.
No, I won't.
Okay.
You have a great day.
And back to you.
Bye-bye.
Okay, does anybody have any idea what she's talking about?
No.
George does, but he ain't telling.
Yeah, we invented SNM.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I know.
Just to look at the rest of us who are living here.
We're on the M side.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Got plenty of openings here at the end.
Hour and 35 minutes to go.
Another agonizing day here at WQA.
Well, I'm excited.
I should have made the right move coming here.
Didn't I?
Oh, wow.
How's that new phone coming?
And by the way, also on my 24th anniversary, you'll notice, the phone is working today.
Oh, yeah.
We like that.
And Bluff brought in a whole bunch of cold cuts and other deli platter like he did last
year from publics.
I don't want to make him feel bad and start crying, which he does at the drop of a hat,
but nevertheless, it was delicious.
It was great, but don't be more people with food.
Please stop with the food.
I'm begging you.
Today is lunching at Mommy's Day.
So this was food that I ate that should I have eaten it.
No, I got to get on that treadmill.
According to Jeff Cohen and just run my ass off.
I didn't say sh**.
Yeah, I know.
And that what he said, he said, get on the thing and run your ass off.
I'm going to kill over with a whip and now that was quite a story that she told.
I think maybe Cuban, that could be a very good subject for us one day Cuban women and
their penis fetishes or maybe just Cuban women with penises or who wears the pants in
that family.
Now, there's one family.
We know who wears the pants in that one, but I guess we better not talk about it on
the air, huh?
Because he might get upset or start digging for that hole in his head.
26 after noon at 560 WQ8.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you
have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe theft on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben
Carallard.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my quarter of the health.
You fake M.F.
Remember when we used to post a pack of Caribbean.
We ought to get a fuck of a baby.
Dwight was a cooler.
And away from my quarter of the health.
You fake M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object serious with this.
For a family like that.
Get away from my quarter of the health.
You fake M.F.
And away from my quarter of the health.
You fake M.F.
Whenever some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named
Isaac.
Get away from my quarter of the health.
You fake M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carallard now and receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my quarter of the health.
You fake M.F.
And hold Jewish guy named Isaac Carallard.
I will be able to blow it all through his door.
Okay, 12.2 at 5.60 WQ on a very lukewarm 24th anniversary today.
Is this a party or what?
No.
No, not really.
Another day at the ranch.
5.607.05.60.
Thanks for the fact that it's by the way, thanks to Ken Walsh and a couple of others.
Not like an overpour.
Now there's the facts machine like you're bringing off the hook with all kinds of...
No.
No.
Kind of like the male, I would say.
lukewarm.
Kind of like everything in this town.
lukewarm.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
I got a big story for you.
I was working down south a couple days ago.
And I'm sitting on a stop light and I see this motorcycle cop drive by.
And as he's driving by, he just keeps staring at me.
So he's just sitting between traffic.
He doesn't care what's going on.
Maybe he wanted to date.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, happy anniversary.
Thank you.
Hey, you know the big warm and in town is Tony Barnes.
He's the big Puba.
What channel is it, George?
Two-oat-a-two.
Two-oat-a-two.
Yes, what is it?
Tony Barnes is the big warm and in town.
He's the warm and leader.
Tony Barnes is the writer.
And there are a lot of warm and...
Okay.
Happy anniversary.
Okay, thanks.
Does anybody know what he's talking about?
Live.
You see the McDonald's.
That sits right along Pennwood Avenue.
You see the railroad track.
That's along the bottom of the situation.
It may have started in that McDonald's.
We're going out to our local coverage from WPXI in Pittsburgh.
This once again is as it is going on the air.
And again, that Pennsylvania sitting.
There's covered many scenes like this, unfortunately.
But well-loathing boys and girls on the...
What can Bertrand Slovenia and Chauper-Levin and Andy,
at this particular point, it appears that the police now
have gotten into a waiting game with this suspect.
I would say that's the correct way to put this right now, Bob.
They have remained around the Penn West Office Building,
which we identified earlier as...
That's the emergency building.
For doctors and other medical personnel, we can assume...
There's probably no less than two dozen police cars
that remain around the Penn West Office Building
for an entire block covering all directions,
north, south, east and west.
And many of these vehicles have officers outside
taking cover behind those vehicles with weapons drawn.
So it is a tense situation.
It remains that.
Their hope obviously is that the suspect,
if they're accurate about him being inside the Penn West Office Building,
in fact, will take the wiser course and give up
rather than try to take shots at police here
or take a hostage and increase the tragedy here
that we're already dealing with.
But again, that area right around Penn West remains cordoned off.
Police are on every corner, on every side street.
There is no access to the McDonald's
where the shootings occurred.
People are being kept out of the area.
You're thinking of like a filthy, macrosome, maybe?
Any traffic that would otherwise be coming into this area?
It might have been a three-rowed.
This remains a live crime scene area.
The developing story in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania,
just the best outside Pittsburgh,
where police have sealed off an area looking for a gunman
who shot a number of people this morning
at a fast food restaurant.
Did five?
That's a number more than four and less than six.
Five.
OK, there you go.
More great Americana for it.
Here are every single digit.
There are only few of them.
There are many other excuses out there.
You're crazy people.
You're dangerous and crazy people.
And most of the civilized people
would like to be separated from you by a long distance.
Let's give you a couple of states like Wyoming, Idaho,
the Dakotas, out there where there's a lot of big wide open spaces,
a lot of cactus and tumbleweed and crap like that.
And get away from civilized people.
They don't want to live like barbarians, like lunatics,
like constant target practice is what your concept of life is all about.
Man, and now they go, they sit away right from that
and here's burden of proof for the story about it.
It's actually a shot.
Yeah, like yesterday when a little girl getting killed.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
Look at this.
Now we got bugs in here again.
God damn it.
Look at this.
More bugs in here.
Probably after all that food that's rotting over there on the table,
which we're not going to eat anymore of.
No more food.
Duff your great guy.
I appreciate it very much.
Don't ever do it again.
No more food.
Stop with the food.
Stop killing me with your kindness.
And stop with the bugs, God damn it.
I hear it's a little Joey.
Hello Joey.
Uncle Neil, I just wanted to wish you a happy anniversary.
Thanks.
It's been a lot of time.
How many years have you been now?
Yeah, too late.
Do you think there's any checks the panthers are going
to play any defense in here?
Well, I know why do you ask me that.
Isn't that a silly question?
That's like, no.
It's amazing.
I mean, like, you know, you know, four, look.
Well, I know it's playing your leaves.
Yeah.
At least to make it interesting.
Why should they start tonight?
I don't know if you're going to get beat like four to one.
Let them start Friday against the Rangers up there.
Let's let them take another night off tonight
to get their second win.
Get another win.
See you soon.
OK, Joey.
Take your time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Cape Coral.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks.
I caught you about two and a half years ago.
I drive a lot down here at Courier.
And just I guess, hold on the radio.
And you've had me ever since now.
Did some time in Rochester as you did there.
And I don't know why you spend time in Miami, hell.
What does that mean?
Oh, I don't know.
I guess it's one extreme to the other.
It's, you know, plus is up there.
But I came the same direction.
So I don't know, been a wild time.
Have a good one, Neil.
OK, thanks.
Anybody know what he's talking about?
No.
Did I come here from a Rochester?
No.
That's OK.
I mean, here, guys, what do you mean sooner or later?
That's what he said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of town, on his open again after it's civilating call.
But seriously, we got like little black chiggers in here, man.
God, damn it.
First, we had Troy Stradford in here this morning talking,
the Bupa Volek, that whatever the hell he's talking.
And now we got little black chiggers running around in here.
Got only nosewood.
It'll be next.
Maybe return to the visit by Roy.
Yeah, I've got a movement for you.
Yeah, I've got a movement for you.
Yeah, I've got a movement for you.
Yeah.
The reflux making party.
They are still behind your w.
Ruh.
But while you were fighting for a country,
you were doing a line or two.
Six and a half years, you'd still like you were a POW.
And all the while your wife's still prescription,
wife's still to stay in the end, you're making.
I said you think that we were both for you, you're making.
You are still better than those of you.
Aren't you?
Aren't you?
From all indications and all reports that we're getting right now,
the police believe that they do have this individual,
the stuntman, confined to a building that is next door to the McDonalds.
And of course, as you can see, all the emergency vehicles that are there,
we saw someone think strapped to a gurney just a few minutes ago
and came back from the commercial.
Obviously, the emergency vehicles are on the scene as well.
And of course, law enforcement agencies trying to not only
apprehend this individual to make sure that no one else is in harm's way,
seeing the damage that has already been done.
Five shots.
Two of you are going to one of them.
Okay, five people shot, isn't it?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line, tool free, we're paying for it.
877-785-0, 877-785-6345.
Don't forget our religious poll on our website, neo-rangers.com,
which the early votes are pretty interesting,
atheist and agnostics out there on this show,
their audience, thank God.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs. Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
We took that little journey to Emo Coast the other night.
It was very good.
It's great.
The ninth place.
Enjoy listening to you.
Listen to you every day.
All my hair is working.
So you just have a happy anniversary.
Keep up the good work.
Okay, thank you sir.
God bless you.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T
wireless line.
Out of town line, it's the same old song, man.
The same old song.
Out of town line, line nine, 877-785-6345.
And you know something new people over there in the west coast
who want to be kissing your radio right now.
Between whatever the hell it is you got on that 777.
You have to be kissing your radio around the clock.
Did you have any alternative like a connection with almost living and reading places?
And do they have the, do they have the,
do they have the hoots, but they have the inner afforditude to call this radio show
and kiss my ass and wish me happy 24th anniversary?
No.
No, what we get from over there is that old fossil of Naples over there
who still looking for pedophiles that,
a lot of piacetilla or a public, or whatever the hell it is.
Crazy person.
And I think it's a good thing that they let out about two days a year
and he's, you know, makes, makes it a point to be sure and call me every time.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
I wanted to ask you something about in the early Zeta days or late Wednesdays.
You used to play a song, Boy's Month Sex in the Morning.
Yeah.
But you never played that anymore.
Could you play it now?
Don't have it.
Haven't played that for years.
Yeah, I, I listened to you since, uh...
Hadn't played it for years, sir.
Haven't had it since Zeta.
That's why I thought. Yeah, because I was in...
It's in Taiyo D. What is it?
I sat in listening to you to at least that long.
Don't have it.
Thank you.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Don't got it. Do we got it?
No. No.
Isn't that what the song is?
We got fine-forward IOD, I believe?
Uh-huh. Thanks, so yeah.
Because the FCC, they don't want you having sex in the morning
or in the evening or in the afternoon or any other guy at the end of the day
unless they give you a permission slip.
Britain.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
This is really, really ponderous today.
And as I recall last year on the first of March, on the same, uh...
Same thing.
Wasn't that the same thing?
Uh-huh.
Terrible, weak, awful.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
The young lady that called about the police officer that used to be...
His... thing?
Yeah.
And that's a friend of mine.
A best friend of mine.
Not only did he like that, he liked her to dress up like his mother.
Yeah.
That's what got me.
Like your mama.
Can you believe it?
No.
All right.
Okay, thanks.
Bye-bye.
Okay, your mama.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Dania. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Uh, happy anniversary.
Thanks.
I've only been listening to you for about two weeks.
I just moved down here about three months ago from Seattle.
Right.
Listen, I've been listening to you.
Okay, so I figured I'd share you this little story that happened to me about the police down here in the state.
I was driving down a Pembroke Road.
Got pulled over by a police officer.
And he was...
Boy, as soon as he pulled me over, he got out of the car and said, yeah, the car, you know, and started yelling at me.
And I'm like, what do I do?
So a couple other cops came up behind him and they gave me a roadside sobriety test, which I passed.
A little eye with the ten thing I passed out.
He says, well, kind of search your car.
I said, yeah, I guess.
Why not?
So he searches my car and that was fine.
My license was fine.
Then he goes, you know, he goes, well, let me search it.
So he searches me and I didn't even realize that I had my girlfriend's prescription in my pocket.
So he says, you know, I wasn't even trying to hide it.
I had it in my jacket, you know, right there in my pocket.
So he goes, ah, what's this?
You know, I said, oh, that's my girlfriend's prescription.
He went, uh-huh.
Yeah, like, like, Bingo, I got you.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he grabs this and, you know, all the other cops, you know, they're around me and they go, you know, they're questioning me.
I said, they're my girlfriend's, like, she's at work.
You can color right now and clarify it.
They're like, no, no, no, we're not going to clarify nothing here or whatever.
So they arrested me for carrying her.
What did you for what?
For possession of a controlled substance.
How can they arrest you for having a prescription drug?
It was in a prescription bottle from the pharmacy?
Sure was.
So how the-
It was a fine.
What difference does that make?
Well, they-
Supposed I go to the drug store to get somebody to pick up somebody else's prescription and bring it home.
It doesn't have to be mine.
Exactly.
It wasn't his.
What kind of crap is that?
I'm trying.
It's like, oh, well, it wasn't his.
What does that mean?
I don't know, but I had to spend three days in that place, probably, three days.
Three days?
Yeah, because it was a Thursday night.
I didn't even get into the jail until, like, Saturday or Friday.
Then it was like a 10 hour booking thing and I finally get out.
You know, and I got a lawyer and all that now and he's telling me, you know, don't worry, it's a probation case.
And I'm like, what do you mean, you know?
And so, you know, it's just a frickin' nightmare for this stupid thing.
You know, I mean, when he was out there and they're searching me, all these cops are around me.
And they're like, spit it out, spit it out.
And I'm like, spit it out.
You know, he's like, let me see.
If they got your tongue and all this.
I'm like, I got in there.
What do you-
You know, I'm like, what the hell is wrong with these people?
So, there I am now.
Okay, don't do it again, pal.
Yeah, alright.
Don't unpack too soon.
I'm going back, man.
Okay, good luck.
Isn't that what public kept telling Monica too?
And if she would have had better reign.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Are we believing that story?
I guess you believe it.
You think it's legitimate to think, I don't see how they can make a charge.
Having a prescription drug in a bottle from a pharmacy.
Because it's not yours.
So, you're name is not it.
A, they forge prescriptions or people who get prescriptions.
It doesn't make any difference.
How can they prove that?
Well, that's just it.
They don't have to prove it.
He has to prove it in court.
Oh, wait, and then the law says you have to prove that you're innocent.
Although they can change it.
Is that the new way that it is?
You have to prove-
In other words, guilty before you prove you're innocent.
Is that the new deal in America?
But you can't beat the ride.
Oh, I see.
Well, tell them to ride on this.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Police state, like I've been telling you,
even though a lot of you are too emotionally crippled,
they're a believe it.
And especially those of you with a police thing in your family,
like all the cops we got out there,
good for upset when I tell them that.
But they know it's the truth.
And all these people trying to justify this hysterical overkill,
if you pardon the expression, in the Bronx.
Overkill, baby.
Well, my son is a police officer.
Okay, that's the end of the conversation.
You know, that's one of those deals.
Why waste your time?
Because you know exactly what he's going to say.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
George, want you to go.
So he can take over your radio show.
George, want you to die.
So he can become a midday guy.
He wants you to move to Las Vegas.
No change for Rogers to ride reggae.
George wants you to go.
Oh, so he can take over your show.
Starting tomorrow sounds good to me.
5,670560, 0560 on E18, especially after this crowd today.
Happy anniversary, Nia, like you're doing me a favor.
Don't knock yourselves out.
I want you to exert yourself.
I realize you're very busy out there.
Don't overdo it.
Don't overdo it.
And believe me, they're not.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Happy anniversary, Nia.
Thank you so much from four Myers, no less.
Four Myers over here.
Kits an R radio right now.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks.
He said he's kissing it.
877-785-6345.
And of course here, 5,6705-6505.
I mean, why should I chew them out when you got like 10 people listening over there?
That's not really fair, but I enjoy doing it anyway.
But why chew them out?
I mean, right here in Dayton Power Rebbe, on the year 400 years, they're not calling.
They're full of the same old Schmidt.
Here's a lady in Pember of Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
We all have the anniversary.
Thank you.
I enjoy listening to your show.
Uh-huh.
You're the only host in South Florida who has got enough to talk about hockey.
I'm a hockey fan originally from New York.
Mm-hmm.
I'm a Ranger fan still.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
And a part-time panther fan.
Also, next year for your anniversary, I'll bring you better food.
I don't want any food.
I don't want any food.
Okay.
No food.
Not even all that.
No, not any food.
Also, I know that you've already gone through the mixoly things.
But I wanted to say something about players who are the players on purpose.
I feel that any player who wins is another player on purpose should be out.
No matter what the sport is, at least double or triple the length of time the player who's injured.
Also, if you end someone's career, I feel his career should end instantly if it's a definite hit for no reason.
Other than, you know, normal fighting in the game and normal play.
Yeah.
How about normal fighting in the game?
We don't need fighting in the game.
We don't need it, but it happens.
Yeah, well, we don't need it.
We shouldn't accept it.
We shouldn't tolerate it.
There was any other sport in the world where it's tolerated.
You know that.
They're fine-tabby.
Especially if seeing that in there, they're fine-tabby.
And just because Don Sherry likes it doesn't mean that we have to accept it.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
You too.
And go leave school.
Okay, here's a man that had the audacity to be Riff and Joe Bowen last night on the phone.
You got some nerve, mister.
Don't you even start?
How many told a story on that?
Happy.
Happy anniversary.
Hey, two ladies.
What about that anniversary crap?
How many told a story about your calling right after Darcy Tucker's goal in Riff and Joe Bowen?
Oh, that was the lowest blow I ever had.
I hope everybody tells Joe and Harry about this one.
I'll let you tell Joe yourself.
Yeah.
All right.
How are you, happy anniversary?
Great game ahead tonight.
And the only thing I can tell you is that your Leafs are going to lose tonight.
Natalie's going to break that loose.
Well, what are you talking about?
That's not what you told me on the phone last night.
No, that's exactly right.
That is not what you said.
I said five, two.
You said you thought the pants are going to get their asses kicked as well.
I see it.
You said we're going to get creamed in the eighth of our night.
Well, that's what you said.
Why do you say one thing on the phone when you call me in the middle and then you come on the ear and do the stock up job for the organization and say they're going to win.
You don't believe that.
I do.
You saw the Leafs.
You saw the Leafs never got out of fourth gear in that game and land the last night against the girls team and one for nothing.
They never even, they never broke a sweat in that game last night.
Actually did take a little while to go get going after spending last two days in Jacksonville floor tonight.
Oh, is that what they were?
Yeah.
Actually they were Jacksonville couldn't have hurt him too much.
But they had a full night.
And it looked to me like with that win last night they pants the, they passed the Panthers and the standings and he's the common point.
Separarily.
So that makes it a.
I'm, I'm still tonight.
That makes it a desperately important game tonight, especially with a capitals only two points behind the Panthers.
I'm still tonight.
Well listen, I think he wrote Joe Bowen in apology.
Okay.
Who's that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And if you don't watch it, I'm going to tell your brother on you.
My brother.
Yeah.
You got to, you got to believe he'll come out to you with a Dave Keon sign hockey stick if you don't cut the crap rumor.
I did Keon lives here in South Florida.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, he's a big new Rogers fan.
Well, maybe we can sign him up.
There you go.
Okay, see you tonight.
Hey, happy anniversary.
Many more.
Okay, we're getting you and Michael Mayover to apologize to Joe Bowen and Dave Halberstam.
How's that?
Goodbye.
Yeah.
Okay, four minutes to one at QAM.
It's five.
Six.
Don't play the thing.
You a.m.
Oh, I forgot this problem.
You know him.
He gets me all dry concepts.
I like to come.
But why does he call me at home and say one thing and call me on a air and say something else?
That's what I would like to know.
Just like when he did those hockey shows during the breaks, he would say one thing and then deny it.
Always.
You know, just like Wayne, you know, say one thing and then turn around and go do something else.
Oh,
I am calling his press conference and he's so we can talk about the media circle instead of going on for a break.
I'm not sure if you could watch now.
I know that I am only six, but I read at a 38-year-old level.
So I'd like to issue this speech that I worked on along with my team of advisors.
Very often when one derives into the infrastructure of these rather not-sacristic and uptime deconstructionistic
subordinates propaganda, one feels they did sensor-foral.
And it would be in the best interest of all parties concerned if we simply allow a young man of my years
to rebel in the innocent of youth rather than be a political pawn for those about serious motives.
Thank you.
Please excuse me.
I'm late for my key cute photo shoot.
Okay, one or two at five sixty at WQ.
I might tell you the current results on our religion poll here so far.
Shocking.
Shocking.
124 votes.
So it's really picking up.
Our poll question on our website, neo-rangers.com today is what religion do you believe in?
Not what you were born into but what you believe in.
That's the operative word.
Believed.
You have it?
No.
Okay.
Atheist 42 out of 124.
That's 33.8%.
Agnostic 34.
In other words, we got 42 people are honest and 34 people are like, I like George, you know.
Keep towing.
42 Atheist 34 agnostic.
22 catlick.
Now you know who those catlicks are, don't you?
Huh?
You know who they are?
Oh, but these are people who believe in the catlick religions.
I guess they haven't been blessed yet or maybe they liked it.
12 we got.
Oi.
You lost.
12 Jews.
Seven Protestant.
Four Buddhists.
So that means we got some gooks.
I mean, some Asians out there, right?
Not necessarily.
Oh, come on.
We have a thing there for a while.
What?
Buddha.
What about five minutes in Buddhism?
Is that what you be talking about?
There's all kinds of Buddhism.
Yeah.
Does that affect all the Buddhists ever met?
We're an Anglo.
But you have to rub them on the heads.
Accidentals.
You got to rub them on the head.
That's what people are Buddhists who is purely accidental.
Four Buddhists, which we don't care what you're okay.
We love our Buddhists.
They're like peacenicks.
They don't go around shooting anybody.
Except their government.
Born again, Christians.
We got two and I watch out for them because they've been known every now and then to get a little bit to carry it away.
Mormon.
We got one Mormon.
So I'm sure it's not the guy that would call it.
Well, I'm not sure.
I have no idea in the way of knowing that.
That's why these are great because they're anonymous.
I love these are polls.
In fact, let's just forget to show and do the show on the internet with polls.
Who the hell needs this sitting beggin for calls every day, even on my anniversary, which I got to be honest with you.
If I'm a part of this audience, I'd be pretty embarrassed today.
Wouldn't you wouldn't you be a humiliated and embarrassed almost as much as Rimmer should be for tell me last night that the Panthers are going to get their ass kicked tonight.
And then calling on the year and say they're going to win five to two.
I mean, come on, Rimmer.
You're a good guy, but let's let's get serious.
I understand that you need to pay check and all that good crap.
But come on.
And the Muslims.
One Muslim.
They're probably too busy handing out newspapers on a corner out here in 441 Nives, Dairy Road.
Well, that Louis Ferrakhanoff at that guy wears 124 votes and 76 of them.
That's a total of 60 point that 2% atheistic diagnostics, which of course is what you'd expect out of this show right now.
At least, which is good.
That's good.
And the rest of the people were still working on them.
Try to get them a brain, get them to think in the say goodbye to all that crap, all that dreck, all that silly stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This is my last attempt to try to get this board lit up like a Hanukkah bush because I'm starting to get really upset.
Do you believe me?
No, but it sounds good anyway.
Oh, here's Woody Gray.
We're speaking of people with ponytails.
That's two for two today.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Woody, thanks for those horrible tickets to the Backstreet Boys in the pouring rain last year or two years.
I'll see if I can do it again for you.
OK, maybe 98 degrees in the inside where it's dry.
Yes, they're dressing room.
In fact, they're very dry there.
Well, I'll be too dry for long if I get in there, but anyway.
Yeah, listen, do you have room in that pole for an orthodox curve route?
Yeah.
OK, put me down then.
OK, you're down.
Thanks, Woody.
OK, happy anniversary.
Thanks a lot.
It's my pleasure.
Say hi to my good friends at Martin there.
You got it.
OK.
See, I get out of here.
Oh, boy, he's a good guy, but wow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, look at that.
Here's a real, real good friend of ours.
Some time, a real interloper who spreads himself around who has no self respect.
Of course, when you're that big, it's easy to spread it around.
You don't listen to diabetic boy toy.
Long live.
When I heard that you were on the Liz Wild show, I turned it.
I said to George, here is a man who has no self respect.
I mean, to go on with Howard, anybody can understand that because Howard's got a gigantic audience.
And he can make you a lot of money on your website.
Yes.
But to go on with that disgusting desperate bitch.
I mean, are you really that desperate?
I'm that desperate.
No, that's what I am.
When I perform oral sex on you.
No, no, I'm your boy toy.
I'm your diabetic boy toy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, for me, I guess the drugs for man today must just be starting to kick in right about now.
The thing is, Norm Kent is afraid to call you.
He said that you abuse him so much.
You know, you're a little fair friend.
You're a fair gloria.
Has his little gate paper to express.
Yeah.
And he told me to call you with a summer New York until next week.
And I forgot it's your anniversary.
Yeah.
What is it?
You're 110th anniversary.
I'm 24th, yeah.
And I miss you desperately.
And I want to have sex with you.
I'll be, I'm going to be in Florida next Friday.
And Chris will and I are going to play those repeats.
You know, what are you going to answer them again?
I'm going to, for Queens Day.
You know, it's your birthday.
I'm going to be there the last week and eight.
Oh, good.
Then come with me.
Then we'll miss you this time.
We'll be there before you.
Uh, usually a potman.
Come on.
Oh, I'm really, really.
In fact, we're going to traction this time.
I don't want it.
Of course, you know something in your apartment.
How would you know the difference?
No, no, but because you're gay, uh, you can paint it pink.
If you start with it, if you start with it back towards you.
Come on.
I'll get to know one of your going on, Lizwad.
You ran out of material.
You ran out of good stuff.
I know.
I love you.
I miss you.
I'm going to be in Florida next Friday for a week.
And I may actually get, if you're getting vouchers,
I understand you're a little friend there.
George is going to buy me dinner.
It's one of your advertisers.
Right.
He's going to buy you dinner.
Yes.
I got news for all the people I know put together
couldn't afford to buy you dinner.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks, Al.
I'm going to serve her.
Listen to me.
Lou some weight.
I will.
Can I cool someone a schmuck?
No, George.
George who schmucked.
Okay.
I love your neal.
Take it by Al.
Happy anniversary.
Happy anniversary, Norm.
Say it.
Ha ha ha ha.
Uh-huh.
Hey, Norm.
Nice job getting that phone in here, by the way.
Louzer.
It's a eight minutes after one.
You know, you know,
pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.
Yeah, they're going to build me a studio in Toronto and in
Mississauga and in Canada,
day one in Geneva.
Have they get built a studio and hear that work?
No.
I mean, talk about a joke.
Talk about delusionary bull crap.
Greg.
What do you got to say for yourself, Greg?
Yeah.
Eight minutes after one at five sixty Q.A.M.
and I'm going to tell you that,
when I started into that hospital alone,
they are reportedly in critical condition.
There is another victim as well that has been admitted to
another unnamed hospital at this particular point,
and then we saw another victim as well,
a little off.
There are too many victims in too many shootings there in
Pittsburgh at Wilkinson by McDonald's and some other joint.
It just goes on every day and the people say,
ah, come on.
What time has God named Oprah?
We don't have time for this crap.
What is Plato's return?
Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit
of unity and understanding.
Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know.
When I'm born, I'm black.
When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black.
When I go out in the sun, I'm black.
When I go out in the cold, I'm black.
When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black.
But you, my white man, when you're born, you're pink.
When you grow up, you're white.
When you get sick, you are green.
When you go out in the sun, you go red.
And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow.
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die, you turn purple.
And you've got the damn nerve to call me color.
OK, 114 to 560 WQ.
I'm Boca Brian.
Just came in.
Here's a man who cares every year, brings me another one of these useless.
I mean, one of these great classic corvette.
American Muscle, something I can't even read to God damn thing, collectibles.
Can't even read what the hell that says.
It's a 1962 Chevy Corvette convertible and a beautiful little red one, no less.
And I'm going to take it home and put it right next to the other ones.
In that closet?
No, it's great.
It's a beautiful thing.
560-560, I'm sure he would have brought me something a little bit more impressive.
But he was there with us on Saturday and he's been depressed ever since.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Happy anniversary, I'm privileged.
I get to go after shooting and out goal scene.
Right.
That's something serious together, sports work.
But I've been with you for about 10 years.
But I got a little story to tell you.
I got in this argument with this backwards red neck NASCAR lover.
Yeah.
About religion, no less.
And for some reason we got in this subject to that.
I told him that I'm a fan of the WWF in wrestling and this and that.
And he talks and telling me that they blasted me in God and this and that.
And I offended him when I told him that I would rather have me and my six-year-old child sitting there watching the TNA and the violence on TV, the brainwash by the buglemicies of this fairy tale called the Bible.
And boy, did he jump up and get all listed?
This often fired up.
Oh boy, he was fired up.
And I told him, I said, well, you know, in my household I promote free thinking.
We don't like brainwashing.
But, you know, and if the sad day in America when you know you don't know whether or not to teach your six-year-old whether or not, you know, he should like police or not.
Because who knows if he pulls out his wallet, he might get shot 55 times.
Exactly. Don't let your kid have a wallet.
Yeah, forget that, right?
You can carry cash in his pocket.
But I just appreciate your show and I really like what you do every day.
It gets me through the day.
And thanks a lot.
And then closing, my pal, Chris Bonnetdown is a douchebag.
Okay.
He was doing so well right up until that point.
You know what?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Rottles Line.
He was doing brilliant.
He just turned it right around and went out of the door.
Stop right off into the septic tank.
Yeah, what does this say?
Don't call 911.
What does this mean?
You have it all figured out about cops.
Next time you're in trouble, don't call 911.
Call 411. Ask him who's going to help you.
I know that you give money to law enforcement agencies.
That's why all this cop bashing is confusing.
Please read the attached sheet.
This is from Custom Wall and Bar, whoever the LAR.
Signed one of the few people who appreciate the hardworking officers.
I appreciate hardworking officers too, asshole.
I just don't like corrupt cops.
Okay. I don't like cops who overreact.
I don't like cops who are sitting in the goddamn bushes.
Wasting our taxpayers money, writing stupid speeding tickets.
I mean, this is another one of these, you know,
either a love more leading kind of assholes.
Not interested, okay, pal?
With your Custom Wall and Bar.
Too much, not enough time out of wall.
And too much time at the bar, I think, is your problem.
Here's the mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello?
Uncle Nioh.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm fine.
Okay.
Happy anniversary, buddy.
Thank you.
You do, man.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm listening.
Hey, I went to Vegas a few weeks ago.
Yeah.
But I'm not.
Bring the chair to my eye when I think about it.
Bring as many tears as I was thinking about my being here.
Oh, my God.
What's the name of that airline that's quite straight over there now?
National.
National?
Right.
It's a good deal.
Again, I have a quick question for you.
Under these...
You just can't...
Okay, every day, pal.
Your phone's a breakin' up.
Call me back on a phone that works, maybe.
Or not.
Out of townline is open.
877-785-6345-877-785-6345.
We're gettin' the best guy damn phone system in the history of mankind.
One of these days.
You watch.
Anybody believe it?
No.
We're gettin' it.
It's on the way.
Believe it?
No.
How's that construction project on the third floor for Christchurch?
It's the first and March 2000.
The same thing should be done now.
And that's...
No.
Huh?
How about that schmutz on a wall?
Is that still there?
Huh?
Oh, man.
You gotta be kidding me.
I mean, the word that describes this place there, that's why I fit in here so well,
because there's one word that the...
SLOB-slob.
That describes this place.
We ought to change our call letters.
WSLB-slob radio.
Because when you go out there in a hallway and take a look at the schmutz on a wall,
and then the bugs that are flying around just bite my ass here, by the way,
and the rest of me, too, let's do this.
And then, you know, I'm going to say something new and excited has been added here.
Maybe this is like an extra bonus for my anniversary?
Uh-huh.
The bugs, free bugs.
These little figures that fly around and bite your ass big time.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Hey, I called about a couple of things.
I don't know if you saw it yesterday in the paper, Louis Farrakhan came out and told the people in the nation of Islam.
Yeah, how sorry he is.
Yeah, I saw it.
I read the paper.
Yeah, well, you know, it's just amazing.
These people swallled and swam all my seas.
I mean, basically, swam all my seas.
Excuse me?
Yeah.
Basically, selling everybody, you know, by the way, that profit that I've been telling you is the final process in the last 40 years.
Oh, I changed my mind.
I was just kidding.
It's really this guy.
Right.
Anyway, whatever.
Uh-uh.
About the, I want to chime in about the shooting up in New York by the cops.
It's such a tragedy when it law-abiding unarmed citizen get the gun down and a hail of bullets.
A lot of people that are supposed to be protecting the police.
Right.
And I don't know how many more people have to die by trigger happy cops before the government starts putting, you know, those non-lethal weapons in the cops hands.
They have these non-lethal weapons, you know, that's in sound waves.
Right.
I mean, that was a good amount of time.
That was a good amount of time.
I was just disabled.
I'm not killing them.
What fun is that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know.
I mean, how many more people have to die?
And also, you know, in the end term, I think the government should at least go into the ghetto and have like sparse or training classes.
You know, what to do if you're confronted by a sparser sensitivity training, right?
Yeah, you know, because obviously it must stay in the police handbook if it's a sparse or he must be packing.
Right.
Are you sure it's about there, you know, keep saving no joking movements?
Right. You know, it's those old stereotypes.
Those sparsers are packing a big one.
So look out.
Yeah.
Okay. Have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Isn't that the stereotype?
They're packing something heavy duty.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I got news for a man.
I've seen some dark guys with a penis the size of a button mushroom.
Where are we going?
Of course it was from a distance.
Here's the mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Mobile in Weston.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I do.
Okay.
Listen, I'm retired police officer from North.
Yes, sir.
And I have to do this.
I mean, they always tend to cover up, you know what I mean?
It's like, like, like, like, work at doctors.
It's the same thing.
They cover up with each other.
Well, you know, I'm concerned about it.
And the department I worked in,
with they were moving toward, except the union killed it, of course,
is when something happened, having public hearings,
when an incident happened so that everybody could see what went on,
instead of it being done behind closed doors.
Right.
The incidents like that make it bad for all cops, you know,
the honest ones that there are.
That's correct.
And that kind of stuff happened.
And you know, talking about all this violence with the guns
and everything else, as long as you live in society,
where they just prevent you from playing songs about sex,
where we could talk all day about people getting murdered.
Right.
That's okay, you know.
And you know something, and the public is so conditioned to this,
that they, most of the people out there, they figure,
oh yeah, well, I make a lot of sense.
Exactly.
You know what I mean?
We've got the word police who are worried about comedy material
and we play on a radio.
And the government finds this because of all these definitions
that they've arbitrarily made up about.
You can say this and that.
Right.
Don't put your finger over here and whatever.
But in the meantime, people are blowing little kids away
and they're blowing each other away.
And they don't have time to worry about that.
It's ridiculous.
And you know, it has to be true.
With narcotics and things like that,
that guy talking about the pills before.
We wait so much money and try and enforce something
that recorders in fact, relations does anyhow.
Let them do it.
Let's tax it, put it through to the education
that having people shoot each other.
But the other thing too,
is I worked on the carbon narcotics for a year.
And I realized what a ridiculous thing that was
because basically the government has a division
with a police themselves.
Because that's the people who make the most money
of selling narcotics.
Right.
The government, not the thing.
Because anytime we got in here,
anybody big, we were told to back off.
It's okay to pick on individuals, you know what I mean?
But they weren't interested in getting any higher than that.
So it's...
You know, it's all politics.
It's all politics.
All right.
Happy anniversary.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
See you at the passport office.
Okay, they're schlepping.
What are they doing here?
Some of these just came in and told us to shut down.
And they're evacuating over the people.
I'm going to tell you those people in Pittsburgh
they're going to be starving over there.
They're going to have a white McDonald's had a shut down,
but Duncan Dona's.
What you've seen happen and occur since this took place.
Well, what I hear from people coming in the street,
they said that the guy came into the McDonald's shop
and turned three people inside.
On his way out, he shot the guy in the parking lot
in his Dodge Blue van.
And I think somebody was shot in...
I was burgeoning also.
And now they have them surrounded
in an office building near a Wilkins house.
It's an outdoor place.
What did the police say to you?
Well, I say it just blow his crap away right now.
See, but when we got somebody who's like not guilty,
then they've 41 shots, 19 hits, and they blow him away.
Because he was crouching and looked suspicious.
I'm here because he was short, too.
And was an easy pick and couldn't fight back.
But this guy here, they got him cornered.
This is the guy.
They say he ought to blow him away.
We can argue about capital punishment,
but this isn't an execution.
This is just good police work.
I think we can all agree with that.
There you go.
How much more this crap can go on?
This guy that just called,
he's one of the great callers I've ever had in my life.
The next cop who understands what it's all about.
They ought to close down the DEA right now.
Right.
Close it down.
And cut out the bull crap.
All the billions and billions that they're wasting
on his self-affolving bull crap with the DEA
and all this bull crap with marriage,
or we need all this other garbage and all these drug busts.
They could be using to educate your kids.
And if they had to do it and also to make the guy
then the school safe, put in security systems.
So kids couldn't walk into school with guns anywhere.
No matter what kind of a school it was.
But we can't afford to do that because, you know,
we got to get the goddamn weed people.
We got a bunch of guys who's got his girlfriend's prescription in his car.
If that's a true story and I have no reason to doubt it.
No matter what a goddamn fascist state we live in,
what kind of a commentary is that?
Go to a drugstore to pick up your girlfriend or husband or wife
or a boyfriend or whoever the hell it is prescription,
which doesn't happen to have your name on it.
In a prescription bottle with a doctor's name on it obviously.
And the cop says,
aha or was it aha?
One of the above, I guarantee you that.
Or maybe that too.
Gotcha.
It's the gotcha mentality of the cops
and the porkers of these pigs out there,
these disgusting, the bad cops.
Not the good cops.
There's a few of them.
Georgia and I have met one or two.
Between us.
26 after one, after one at 560 WQAM.
God, just frost my fat hairy ass out there to that.
What pan in the public?
Oh yeah, well that's right.
You know, it could be dangerous.
You could be smugged with like, uh, what?
Like what?
Mill town.
What did he have in there?
Probably, uh, who knows what it was?
God damn probably, probably a hemorrhoid pills for your victim.
Something like that.
No one is girlfriend.
QAM drops the green flag with muttersport Saturday.
Saturday morning said six with Chocostello right here.
On sports radio, 560, QWACans.
Floridians, dumb ab dirt.
You know them as the staple of MSNBC news.
And now the long awaited CD is here.
The Ramsey.
Things are favorite, each boy hits.
Well, we're not racking up.
We killed our daughter and had enough money to drive the authorities
with left over if we should decide to heal them.
And they're the note to show we don't know who's right.
Has gone into in our room.
I saw rather good surprise.
It's in her room.
Get the tickets for the flush.
Pack the facts.
Not much time.
You know fries.
Won't expedite.
Spatsers?
My bitch won't.
Yeah, it's the Ramsey.
Singing their favorite.
Beech boy hits.
Now available from guilty pleasure records.
All right.
All right.
Well, I've said it one thing.
A favor, solve that case.
MSNBC goes off the air.
I'll tell you that right now.
Round the clock.
Morning, noon and night.
And it's interesting.
A CBS are the ones that are doing the miniseries.
So they figure all we'll put them to shame.
Forget about them.
We'll do like round the clock.
MSNBC coverage on the Ramsey.
That's in between our coverage on the shootings and Pittsburgh.
Visuals that's loan individual.
And that initially where we felt that although it wasn't a jurisdiction to the FBI,
that we could maybe provide some assistance to the local law enforcement,
which is what we're trying to do.
All right.
Agent Bill Crawley joining us on the FBI.
Thank you.
We appreciate it.
Thank you.
Kelly.
Laurie, the changing nature of this story again, another update on the conditions and victims of those who have been shot.
We know there are five wounded.
Now the official count through the Associated Press four in critical condition.
Oh, great.
Okay.
There you go.
5607-0560, 0560.
So let's see if those five died.
That's so we're not 182, right?
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
I'm glad you're here.
Mm-hmm.
And I think more people, when they're discussing marijuana, especially the illegalization of marijuana, they should figure out where, like how it first became illegal.
It was a very corrupt system even back then.
When it first became illegal, like the American Medical Association wouldn't testify in Congress that it should be illegal.
Yeah.
And it was all like, you know.
Well, it's because all the doctors are smoking it to why they want to make it illegal.
Exactly.
And now they get all the best.
Smith.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Yeah, this business with marijuana.
I'm going to tell you right now.
All the people in jail for marijuana for growing, for selling, for possessing.
I say open the doors and let them all out right now.
Before two o'clock this afternoon.
And you can put all the scumbags in there and have plenty of room left over.
And look at all the guy that am tax money will be saving from having to feed all these people are behind bars.
Let them go out there and go back to work and be back with their families and live like a reasonable life and smoke a little weed.
Crazy country, crazy government, crazy law enforcement people, crazy laws on the books.
And the meantime, what is the Republican party?
What's their big thing?
Oh, you're more anti-Catholic.
No, you're more anti-born again, Christian.
That's the whole thing.
And then even talking about issues anymore.
Forget about the tax cuts.
Forget about anything else.
Even McCain, Mr. Big Reformer there with a campaign finance reformer.
They're talking about that anymore.
No.
All he's talking about is who's the anti-Catholic?
And who's the anti-born again?
And who's the joint of the Hempelpat Robertson?
And come November after that election day, they're going to be looking around in a cloud of dust saying who's on first because we're not.
We're out.
Senate House, White House.
Kissed it goodbye, George E.W.
What's that out of town line?
Glad you asked.
877-785-6345.
Here's a call in North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, I don't know.
Thank you.
First time closed, short time listener.
All right.
My boy Brad over Tony's term here.
Excellent.
We love Brad.
We love Tony.
I'm a former cop myself and I want to tell you I'm disgusted with what happened up here.
Those guys should be fried.
Also, you're cops down in Miami that got away with those young girls.
They should be fried.
And the reference to you think about where you live because I live near you over there.
I got stopped last night.
Two o'clock in the morning.
I'm an investigator now.
I'm doing surveillance.
Because I switched lanes to go get gas at the shelter on Oakland University.
That pulls me over.
No brand new car.
No tinted when those white guy am Italian.
I said, what are you stopping for?
I look suspicious at two in the morning.
You look suspicious.
I had two o'clock in the morning because I was running out of gas.
I changed my mind and get gas before I got back on the road.
How do you like that?
I look suspicious.
I just want to tell you I enjoy listening to you.
I enjoy your show.
I wish you were on 24th of the day because there's nothing else worth listening to.
I agree.
And I agree with that former cop in New York because I used to work in a Bronx for 12 years in
NYPD and I woke up one day and I quit because I got tired of the bullshit.
And I was supposed to be on the site.
Right.
Anyway, I just want to say I enjoy listening to you the best.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 877 7 85.
63 45 on the other timeline.
The world famous tool free line for Fort Myers, Port Charlotte, Naples, Sarasota, Dunedin,
Bradenton, Panama City, Tallahassee, Gainesville, Lake City, Lake Worth, Port St.
Lucy.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
I take that back the last one.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
All right.
Man, this country is going mad.
This world is going mad.
But you know, I got my solution.
What is that?
I'm going to the North Port man.
I'm going to be a new up.
Be a new one of those.
What's your call to the ice houses in North Port?
Ice house.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm going to stay.
I'm going to stay with the ex-mos, you know, giving my two or three ladies in there.
Yeah.
This world is going mad.
I understand there's a lot of blood-breignuts up there though.
You are.
You're watching TV now?
No, I'm watching the MSNBC.
I'm watching their last coverage of the dead people at the well, almost dead people in Pittsburgh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Man, country man.
I was wrong with it.
Near.
You the God.
What's the solution to the solution man?
So I say starting right now, we go out and take away all the guns.
That's what I say.
All the guns.
Comfort them up right now.
Good.
Yeah.
When did that round them up?
It starts in the man, man.
They just ran another weapon.
Round them up, baby.
Round them up right now.
I'm telling you, you asked down to the sea.
We've got a solid charge in Heston, Daniel.
You put it on there.
Senior in Greenland, okay, baby?
All right.
See you in Reykjavik, a nice land at the ice house.
You son of a bitch.
22 before 2 at 5.60.
I'm going to have to hang out at Durrala 2.
We got the guilty on Gamedite 6 o'clock from the Hard Rock Cafe out at the Oasis at the
Swag Grants.
And then we got the pregame show at 7 o'clock, May Beliefs in the Panthers 7.30 at the Macarena.
Toronto May Beliefs and the Panthers.
I'm sorry.
Did a lot of not balanced that out.
Too bad.
5.60, 7.05, 60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
The toll free line.
Not too big today, huh?
Not too big.
Not too much going on.
It's only my 24th anniversary on a year.
Nobody even gives a crap.
We had a guy from Chicago.
He carried.
He was a pretty nice guy.
That's a problem in his town.
I'm searching for the people who have something to say and I will not say it.
Even though it's just happy anniversary and up your ass.
Something like that.
You know, something simple.
Something from the heart.
Something from your private part.
Wherever it's coming from.
They still don't care enough to send it.
And by the way, I'm going to tell you, Troy Stratford, because she brought him in here and gave him all of
a penises accounts, you know.
And didn't I predict he were going to have a nightmare with this?
Because he doesn't give me any copy.
Like do I have the March schedule for Pomato Park?
No.
Absolutely not.
Of course not.
Nobody see.
She isn't going to explain to him how the job is done because he hasn't got the fariest
idea and even if she did, she wouldn't care anyway.
So Troy, you're a good guy.
And just like Lou Ann says, you never store a freight train and you're asking all that bad is what she said.
But the bottom line is, you've got to start servicing these accounts, give me some copies, sweetheart.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Do you know what I'm saying, Troy?
You got it?
Packwood can't keep a packer in his pants.
Hey, those trucks cross the bridge, this is Tuesday's don't pass no way.
Can he go to one pin to show he's at the station?
He's like to wear a set of pants, he looks like a knife on his head.
And then we go out inside and rest in peace.
You're just out in peace and rest in peace.
You're just out in peace and rest in peace.
You're just out in peace and rest in peace.
You're just out in peace and rest in peace.
You're just out in peace and rest in peace.
Welcome.
Oh, 144 560 WQAM.
Don't forget our poll question today, religion, atheist, agnostic, Jew, goi and whatever, honey, want on Neorongers.com.
What are we going to do about this Troy Stratford?
I mean, this guy to just throw him in there and throw him into the wolves and he hasn't got any idea what it's all about.
I mean, none, not close to none.
Zero, he's in the minus column, he owes points.
And you want to know why?
Because they don't give a crap.
Oh, he's been, there he goes, that roger's again, starting up, that's fast son of a bitch, starting up again, wants us to service those accounts and get some copy that makes sense.
And by the way, starting Monday, when we have our first Marlon's exhibition game at 12.50 a.m. on Monday,
interrupting the show and hangs again on Monday in the middle of prime time.
And then they start running spots in the middle of Marlon's exhibition games where people think that they're really getting something else.
Won't that be exciting, huh?
That should really be helpful for that that we can't talk about yet.
But just wait.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
How come that number 12 keeps running through the line?
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy anniversary.
Thanks.
I mean, ask your question.
And get back to this guy.
I got shot with the whole number wall.
How come those guys just shot in the guys with the bad guys with the guns don't 19 times?
Yeah, I don't know.
Have to ask the cops.
I guess it's easier to shoot somebody with a wall at them with the real gun.
Exactly.
Let me tell you a story.
I used to live in the Voluzia.
That's Daytona.
Right.
Terrible.
About 10 years ago.
The first time I ever got pulled over, I was coming up a battery.
My headlight's on.
And so a cop came and he pulled me over.
So what happened was I had my friends call the brand new car and you have my Jeep because you want to take his data on the beach, on the Jeep.
So the first time I pulled over, I was really nervous and everything.
So I had with my friends, my friends key.
No paperwork or nothing on the car.
So he gets out, you know, I get out of the car and he asks me for my wallet.
And for my wife's advice is, oh, shoot, I left it in my friends car.
So he waits, right?
And he calls it backup, right?
So he's got like two or three cop cars.
And I'm thinking he's probably think I stole the car.
So, um, okay, it goes, give me your birthday.
So I was so nervous.
I said my numbers wrong, right?
Yeah.
And he goes back to the, and he comes back out.
Well, I'm not going to get any fire.
Well, with it.
So anyways, I'm standing there and he goes, there's no, there's a such person in this and I go, I said, well, I said my birthday again.
I said it wrong.
I was nervous.
He told me, honest to God, he says, if I knew, he will shoot me.
I swear to God.
Yeah, because you got your numbers wrong.
So, in this story, I almost got shot for the hammer wallet.
Right.
There you go.
So, yeah.
And back to you, thank you.
So the message is either have a wallet or not, is the case may be.
If you have one, don't reach for it.
If you don't have one, don't reach for it.
Just keep your hands straight up in the ear and mind your manners.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, happy anniversary now.
Thank you.
I've been listening to you for the past 16 years.
You've corrupted me.
You know that?
Good.
I'm looking on it.
Anyway, we shoot good luck.
Okay, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Brought to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody want those hockey tickets for a night's game?
No.
Okay.
Just told them we could fill up a lot of leaf fans tonight, by the way.
I've got all those extra seats.
All you leaf fans out there, no problem.
Fill that joint up.
Just like the last time.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, there, Neil.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
Great.
Good.
First time I've ever called a talk show, but I'm leading Miami headed back up the girl beach today.
I wanted to let you know.
I was listening this morning when you were talking about cops having nothing else better to do than to stop people on the highway.
Well, guess what happened to me?
Yeah.
I got busted this morning.
For the high 95.
Listen to this.
This guy driving a Coons black and yellow Ford.
And he was a Coons.
He pulled me over for following him.
He said I was following him too fast.
He said I was doing 77.
Big deal.
If I was doing 77, he was doing 77 also.
So he gets right in front of people and makes them go fast.
What is what does that mean?
You were going 77 on 985.
You don't think you should have had a ticket?
Well, I was following him.
I was just moving along there.
I'm not arguing the fact.
But he led you into it.
He led me right into it.
Yeah, he talked to you right into it.
Yeah, he should have been at the donut shop.
Okay.
5607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line.
Nice going there, Copper.
Here's a lady in Pepper Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are we doing?
We, in fact, are having a little birthday party for me today.
Really?
Yeah.
And we wanted to wish you a very happy anniversary.
Thank you.
And my friend was at the Panther game the other night, and he waved to you.
But of course, you were at the 400 level.
So you probably didn't see him.
I probably didn't see him, you know.
But the real reason we're calling.
It was at the 400 level and he waved to me.
Oh, brother.
No, you know, there's always hope in it.
Yeah.
The real reason we're calling is we've been...
A lot of you have been telling us that the way we say things,
everyone here at work, it's quite strange.
And we tell them that because it's a meal, there's a...
And now we turn every single sentence into a sexual indioendo.
Good.
Just like you do.
Excellent.
So we are spreading your...
Your birth and knowledge.
Spreading it around in the material too.
And the material too, exactly.
But anyway, when was you very happy anniversary?
And happy birthday.
Yes.
Thank you.
And also to my husband, Joe.
He's also listening to you right now.
All right.
Differently.
But anyway, happy anniversary.
And many, many more.
Thanks, see ya.
Okay.
Bye.
There's still Hock and a China cure on MSNBC because it sure kills a lot of good time.
I'm one one who was saying initially the call, gift-com meant for...
And all I got is this guy up in a copter there where their news can.
They're taking this picture.
I don't know who's that taking it.
But anyway.
And they keep just showing the same thing as the guy is hiding in a house somewhere.
And the cops are got it surrounded.
And they keep showing around and around and they're back and forth and they're moving...
And here's McDonald's and here's the building next door where somebody got shot.
And here's the Dunk of Donuts.
And here we go again from here to the two ambulances and on and on a coast.
Do they really know anything?
No.
Just like that story yesterday.
A little bit of information can be really dangerous once they get a hold of it.
Oh yeah, the boy-butter here, a gun to school and it was an accident.
He was showing it to some kid and it went off.
Is that the way the real story happened?
No.
But don't confuse the people at CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, anybody else.
Because their middle name is all of us know is...
Ehh!
Nine minutes before 2 a.m.
Look down at your shoes and they scuffed or they chipping.
And they looked at something that the tourist dread for might be wearing.
Well, here's the answer for you.
Brandy shoes in Pompe no Beach.
Seriously, he is becoming an impediment to my life.
I just want you to know that.
I want you to call Ray Perry and tell him that we're going to stop on his ass.
Not toys, but Ray.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Attention, ladies and gentlemen.
For your amusement today, you can step right up to the Neil Rogers table.
For WQAM.
In the wheel and when a prize.
Bill!
Bill!
No, not that guy.
Bill, Bill!
What do you mean?
Be sure.
I can't get you.
Bill, Bill, Bill!
Get up there!
But David, now, how do you...
Who's this guy over here?
What's he doing?
You who?
No, I didn't say I spent a wheel.
I said, who's this?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
What is that you're all you do is you just sit there.
Let's just get up and dance and jump and entertain.
And I...
I got a dad just this muffin I had earlier.
I'll see you here and watch.
But I...
And I...
I turned to five, stepped in, and I got a bite.
I need a free cup.
I get my free cup.
That was it.
That was our appearance.
That was exactly.
That was recorded live as a matter of fact.
Live at the Semino Indicacino and Hollywood on Saturday.
I'm not sure if I'm right.
We didn't have music.
We didn't have music and it wasn't quite so noisy.
Here's the lady mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, my name's Susan.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
My husband and I are driving down the town park.
We just spent a couple days at the Universal Studios.
And my husband said, hi, Neil.
We have something funny happening at Universal.
Do you want to hear something funny instead of all the bad news?
Okay.
Okay, so did you but up to the New Islands of Adventure?
No.
It is really fun.
They have this ride called Spider-Man.
I don't go anywhere near that place.
Too many glimps up there.
Oh, this is a fun ride.
Okay.
So listen to this.
So we come out of this really fun Spider-Man ride.
Yeah.
And this Superhero standing there like all beast up.
And if the camera's there to get your picture taken with them.
Yeah.
So I went up to the guy and I, I said next to him and he said,
oh, you're a friendly one.
And I said, thank you, Spider-Man.
And he said, I'm not Spider-Man.
I'm Captain America.
He's like really pissed off.
Yeah.
And my husband said, it is John.
He makes minimum wage.
It was like really funny.
It was beautiful.
He had to be there.
It was so beautiful.
Have a safe trip, Susan.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
How could you not tell Spider-Man from Captain America?
I could tell him from Captain Howdy.
Remember Captain Howdy?
Uh-huh.
Sure.
You don't remember Captain Howdy?
Who?
In the Exorcist.
Oh, Captain Howdy, yeah.
Yeah.
You better get with it, Mr.
You're slipping.
I'm going to, I'm going to stick
in the play run you if you don't get back with it.
When she said,
you need to go on to this, go on me.
Anyway, let's go, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Wow.
Okay, great.
Good one.
Whatever you say.
Yeah.
Here's the four Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy 24th, buddy.
Thank you.
Um, I got a great idea.
These cops that keep just shooting people at random.
They think they might be doing something.
They don't need to get rid of them.
This is what they need to do.
Is they need to put these guys in the special forces
that go in and when you go, uh,
apprehend these like serial killers,
serial rapists and child molesters.
These are the guys they send.
They plan to wall down the ring and then they just shoot them.
They have the time in court.
They have the time in jail.
Although one of them spend taxes to feed these bastards
are in jail killing everybody,
raping everybody and molesting our children.
They need to send these crazy cops to kill them.
So it's a sudden to the rectory and get father or tool.
Is what you're saying?
There you go.
Okay, thanks.
You better watch it, father or tool.
Because they're coming.
They're coming and we're not talking about the older boys either.
I guess that already happened.
Oh, it's coming.
They're coming again.
Anyway, that's pretty well going to do it for today.
