QAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
The Neil called 567-0560 toll-free in Miami-Dade and Broward.
Or a Paralyzed 560 on your cell phone.
The Neil, his guest, callers for anyone else other shows who not necessarily reflect those of W-Q-A-F,
easily read that position towards a easily brought past the script.
Neil Rogers on Port Radio 560-Q-A-F.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I like girls.
I love to have a little bit of trapped themselves.
Cause the big, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky,
tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky.
I'll get girls.
Cause Afer President has a little on the side.
But, well, it's a bad situation when the leader of the nation gets his kicks from doing it with ugly chips.
Quartz Grant, it's not a good situation to end it with a resignation.
Cause my problem is, I can't dismiss.
I do girl.
I'll ride.
I can't be willing with big hair and an over-five.
I want to see it, I want to see it, I want to see it.
Lots of girls.
Kind of like Jack Kennedy, but he has a better eyesight.
But you see, it's a bad situation.
Unlike the Kennedy administration, who went for starlit days as opposed to my defaults of days.
And that's the leader of this nation.
A bad, just by frustration.
They had gone wrong.
And I get abroad with the bad nose.
Not a good situation if I have to end it with my resignation.
Cause a candidate's there on the media.
10.256.w.m. Happy Friday, too.
So anyway, last night, Paula Jones was on with Larry.
With the hunts back.
$50.
And we're up to mind.
The facts are out right at the end of the show yesterday.
We didn't have time to do this yesterday.
It's a copy of a letter from Paula Jones to Bob Bennett,
who was the first attorney member of Bob Bennett,
and he by my brand.
Oh, yeah, for Clinton.
And anyway, this is Bizarre.
It says, I am the plaintiff in the case of Paula Corbin Jones versus William Jefferson Clinton,
Danny Ferguson, in the complaint.
I alleged that there were distinguishing characteristics in William Clinton's genital area
that are obvious to me.
I briefly observed the erect penis of William Jefferson Clinton in a hotel
suite at the Excelsior Hotel on May 8, 1991.
That is the only time I've ever seen his genital area.
I've never had a describe to me by anyone.
Nor have I read anything on the subject.
Anybody in the audience ever read anything on a subject of Bill Clinton's penis?
How about your have?
She says, Mr. Clinton's penis was circumcised and seemed to me to be rather short and thin.
I would describe its appearance as seeming to be five to five and a half inches or less
in length and having a circumference of approximate size of a quarter, or perhaps very slightly larger.
The shaft of the penis was bent or crooked from Mr. Clinton's right to left from a observer's
left to right of the observer's facing Mr. Clinton.
But this overhead is just what is it today, huh?
Every day this thing is screwed up.
In other words, if the base of Mr. Clinton's penis to observer facing him would be
furthered left of the observer than the head of the penis.
There's a legal statement from Paula Corbin's jones to Bob Bennett.
How do you like that, huh?
Nice going, Baba.
And the song was right.
He does have bad bad taste.
I mean, I realize you're desperate.
Haven't slept with the ice princess in 20 years, but bad taste.
Come on, Baba, get with it.
So anyway, we got all kinds of stuff going on today.
The worst speaker of some bad news, John Penis is leaving the WQM sales department.
The only guy who really sold this show in great numbers,
other than maybe Bronn once in a while or more to the other guys.
But he was really, he was the mainstay of this show.
Some of the guys around here weren't too crazy about him, but quite frankly, I always like Penis.
And John wasn't so bad either.
He was in here this morning on his last day telling me unbelievable stories, amazing stories,
stories that somehow slip by my usually astute ears.
Like Scott Schwartz, my good close personal friend, Scott Schwartz, who was here for about two and a half
months, two and a half minutes, being dragged out of here and handcuffed by the FBI.
I was on her skies.
See, people will tell me these things because they assume that if they come to me,
they'll wind up on the air.
And are they right?
Yes, they do wind up on the air.
And then he also tells me I won't mention the name on the air,
because we'll be too embarrassing about the chronic masturbator we used to have in our sales department.
He used to do a three times a day at work here during the middle of the day.
Unbelievable.
Miss you, Mr. Penis.
He was a good guy.
Did a good job and he's living.
He'll be back.
They all come back soon,
related to the QN sales revolving door.
That rich, by the way, for those who are concerned, is doing real well.
He's out of the hospital.
He's back at home.
And he'll be back at the track and we can have just for those who are nervous at the track.
He'll be back.
Two schools seeking ban on hot dogs.
There's a big story of the day.
Right there in the front page of both newspapers.
All your kids, I mean, this was a tragic story.
I don't want to make fun of the story.
Kids choked it out on a hot dog.
But the fact is, I mean, talk about a little bit of oil.
Overkill and overbite.
Are these people out of their mind?
Or what?
Banning hot dogs in schools.
Because some kids choked on a weenie.
I guarantee we got plenty of people in this audience who could share that experience.
Choked on a bad weenie.
Nothing worse.
All your kids out there.
If you're skipping school today, there's a good lesson.
Don't stick that weenie down your throat.
Bad news.
In fact, some students say they believe the hot dogs served in brownered schools are easier to
choke on because they're greasy.
I almost took them once at 8th grade student, Rinalolakulas.
What kind of name is that, Renny?
The hot dog had so much oil on it.
It just split right on down to what he said.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
I wouldn't let that get around, sweetheart.
So they want to outdoor outlaw hot dogs and corn dogs and all that good stuff.
I don't understand.
Let's run with this world.
What is wrong with this world?
No more weenies in school.
CityLink magazine and I'm amazed.
It goes to show it.
Does anybody read CityLink magazine?
No.
One guy came to me for hockey game there.
And I said, boy, there's a big front page story on your buddy in attorney Norma Cant in the
CityLink magazine.
So I picked it up downstairs this morning before I came up here.
And it goes on and on and on and on.
I mean, page after page.
What a tribute to Norma Cant.
Who deserves it, I guess?
I guess.
But there's a really startling line in there.
If I can ever find a guy damn thing about how Norma doesn't smoke no pot,
except when he's alone or with somebody, something like that.
And there's a picture of Bill With.
Here's a guy who's suffering from multiple school roses is an enormous pain.
It's got a picture of him and is there two pictures of him like strapped down.
They have to keep this guy strapped into his wheelchair and into his bed so he doesn't fall off.
That's how much pain and how little control he's got over his body.
And this guy is smoking medical marijuana and he want to throw this guy's ass in jail.
And you don't understand, don't you?
That's the American f**king way.
That's right.
Here's a guy that isn't so much tremendous unbelievable pain.
The only way he can alleviate it was where there's a marriage and we need
and they want to put this guy in jail.
I hope you pick up City like magazine and take a look at this guy.
This is pathetic.
Look at that picture.
The guy's got his head.
He's got no, it's a hand like up in the air like this.
He's twisted and contorted and the shoveled and the wasting away
and strapped into the bed.
Bill With.
And Coral Springs.
Depends on pot to lessen his discomfort.
And you're a government.
You're a police here.
You're going to take him to court.
They want to put his ass in jail because he's smoking a wicked weed.
Is this country crazy?
Uh-huh.
Or what?
Are we going to talk about that big game this weekend on the show?
No.
No way Jose.
No way Jose.
I mean, you can only pray.
Pray that Jacksonville kicks the crap out of these guys,
which they probably will.
So we can get this over with.
No more Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and all that other crap.
Please, everybody with a brain is begging that.
Please just give it a rest, okay?
They beat Piper High last week that was very nice.
We're all impressed.
Now let's get out of the real teams in the playoffs and stop the BS.
I'm not supposed to say that.
El Paso this week's senior and no thanks.
Eight minutes after 10 at 560 WQMs.
You.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you.
Why do you do that, honey?
Hey.
Can I apply you a smear?
I'm the president here.
Oh, that's my limbo right outside.
Nissan tape recorded calls and broken two hotels.
That's right.
Gerald Ford could trip and fall on tiny penis shit.
Oh yeah.
I never trusted one damn thing Jimmy Carter said.
It's a liar.
Reagan's biggest problem with his white big old damn pants.
Now we've got a president that does much more than Blur.
Yeah.
That's the knob you get the job.
Just lift that tiny scar.
If you mind the following screw for a state filled deal,
rena say once if it flies the third eye,
Clinton's big old women.
Drive.
That is very funny.
And true, Jesus.
Clinton's big old.
Like this all.
What's still another verse?
The next time I'll help you.
He's far from the young ones who make their homes down south.
The only job required men is have a pretty mouth.
Then it's all better small.
They all fall in his trap.
Let's go, Tommy.
Take a letter.
Sit here on my wife.
He's like something too sweet.
Willie, at your local box.
In the parking lot,
a special council can it start?
If I say to Foxy Philly,
I sit down between us.
He'll touch it's off and he won't stop.
He's thinking with his weenah.
I'm coming all around.
All that's right.
I'm flaking.
Clinton's big old woman.
Flaking.
I do rather well, though.
Flaking, you are a monster.
Flaking.
That's the cleanest spot.
I think we've got the QA.
I'm sweating.
Today, what we're going to do between now and one
because we're going to have the best of it one o'clock
because I'm going to get there a lot of here
because I got to celebrate Martin Luther Coon
weekend the right way.
You get out of this God for a second town.
But at any rate, what we're going to do is see
how many people can call in between now and one o'clock
and say Tomas Regolato was an asshole.
He's an asshole.
I mean, this guy is just unbelievable.
Here's another historical talk host on Spanish language
radio, Turn Polytition.
One of the first 5,000.
And he's in there yesterday with the Mami City Commission.
Screaming at the meantime.
Oh, he wasn't interfering with a police activity out there
that hysterical night last week.
But they got the videotape.
There he is with his arms around the cup,
which means he wanted to date.
He wanted to dance or he was trying to restrain him
from doing his job.
Oh, he didn't do nothing.
He never made a hysterical protest or he didn't like.
Tomas Regolato.
He's an asshole.
I think I'm just going to do that for the whole show to them.
I'm just going to say Tomas Regolato.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, it sounds good to me.
I like the ring of it, you know.
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think we may be early on the free here pretty soon.
Maybe we can get by this.
You think it's going to be over pretty soon?
No.
Here's a mobile and coke on a creek.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's Regolato's an asshole.
Excellent. Good.
Yeah, but I want to say this here.
The emphasis on the pool.
And let me tell you, continue this great work
because when I wake up in the morning,
if I wouldn't hear your voice, I'd say this.
I'm moving out of this country.
And I'd say this.
What are you saying?
I'm glad you're fine.
I've just talked to him.
He must have a talk to us.
Oh, he has.
No.
I'm a good friend of yours.
You're a rump on Rochester.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm going to get out of here.
Because I'm sure I'm on my way here.
I'm happy for him.
Get out of here.
Got a bad phone in your 100 years old.
Have a great life.
Oh my god.
What the hell was that?
How smart of you doing, by the way?
He's still dead.
Is he dead?
Oh, he's still dead.
Here's a call from Pompato.
Hello.
I don't know who the guys you're talking about,
but if he caused civil unrest, he's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
It's a simple thing.
You don't know Tomas and Regolato?
I have been consciously trying to avoid him.
Well, my Hispanic hysterical talk was
about Radio Mambita was kicked off Guantanamo
a few years ago because he was causing civil unrest
down there and making people act like a bunch of
logistics and does the same thing here.
But you know, at least far,
you know, these far reaches a brownward county.
We don't listen to too much Spanish radio.
So thankfully, we can avoid that kind of garbage.
One thing I was going to play.
I tried to call and yes, they have all the snores trying
to get the Jacksonville tickets I could.
And you asked the question.
You were talking about the millennium.
Yeah.
You were talking about Newfoundland having their
times on a half an hour.
What is wrong with those new feasts?
Well, no, it's probably because they're
in a nice, laid area up there.
And but here's the reason why I'm saying this.
I was, I called you from Australia a few months ago.
Yeah.
When you fly into Sydney, it's one time.
You fly to Melbourne.
It's an hour later.
And then when you go to Adelaide,
that's a half an hour difference.
Oh, so there's another one, huh?
There is.
And then between Adelaide, which is like where Dallas
would be in the United States and Perth,
which is where San Diego would be.
Right.
It's an hour and a half.
There's nothing in between Adelaide and Perth at all,
except for the great desert out there.
The Great Wasteland.
So because there's nobody out there,
they readjust the that way.
But there is one other place besides Newfoundland
that there's a half an hour, half our time changer.
All right.
Great.
And I want the new feasts to feel alone.
It's your left hand.
It feels like a bunch of on balls.
Hey, I got to ask you a certain question.
What prompted you?
Obviously, you haven't been feeling you've had this virus.
But what was it inside of you,
your doctors wanted you to come in for this test?
Or was there something that you felt bad about yourself
that prompted you to say, doctor, you know,
to be on top of that?
Yeah, I looked in the mirror and naked one morning.
I felt really bad about myself.
Now, come on.
But I know what do you mean by that?
I'm just saying, was there something
that I've had an intestinal discomfort for three weeks,
which I've always thought it was a viral thing?
And you want to be sure when you get to be an old part,
they want to look in your...
Backed out.
...looking all over the place and down your throat
and in your stomach and all over.
Well, I mean, hey, you got to be safe.
So I think you got to be cautious.
I just think this is something that was long-term with you,
or something that just came up within the last
but you say three or four weeks or whatever.
Hey, whatever.
We need you more than we need any Cuban talk show host.
So hang in there.
Absolutely.
Correct.
And have a wonderful weekend.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Okay, go Jacksonville.
I'm sorry.
See, I don't really care.
I just...
I'm just tired of that.
The neurotic, repetitious crap
and all these people trying to dilute themselves
into things being what they aren't.
But again, that's a great stop for the sports fan.
Speaking of that, by the way,
Michael Russo, who will coin to Robert Gruper
smells worse than Josh Friedman.
Do we believe that?
I don't know.
Oh yeah?
Mark says he does smell worse than Josh.
I can't.
I can't.
I'll be honest with you.
I never smoke, Josh Friedman.
Thank God.
He must bathe like on the day when he plans
them coming in here to see me.
That must be the one day a month when he actually runs under the shower
for like 10 seconds.
You don't want to mess up his hair.
He sees all these other grays.
He's Jimmy and all the Pat Riley.
He sees the guys with a good hair.
You don't want to mess up his hair.
Or else maybe somebody kicks him.
Maybe the shower shuts off when he gets in,
like automatic rejects.
But Michael Russo, who works for hockey
column in the Sun Central,
and not the best in the world,
but nevertheless,
big fat guy who smells worse than Josh Friedman.
But he did a good job.
Nice going this morning,
Michael Russo.
He grew a little bit of a pair,
which is unusual in this town,
because generally speaking,
what you're having is down are people
covering up for ineptitude.
And you know me,
if you do a great job,
like Pavel and Ray Whitney,
if you play great Trevor Kid,
I'll say, hey, you're great.
If you're sick to join out,
like the big black guy named Peter,
I'm going to say you're sick to join out.
You're a piece of crap.
So he grades,
this is the halfway point,
you know, just before
the all-star game coming up.
And just coincidentally,
by the way, David J. Neill and the Herald,
were the pretty weak column,
by the way, is usual.
And Michael Russo,
just on the same day,
both grading other teams at the halfway,
the midseason report.
Ryan Murray,
general manager,
he gets in A.
He's doing okay,
at that summer,
he's challenged,
he's feeling better,
he gets in A.
I think his speech actually
improved a little bit too,
since I started.
And the Terry Murray gets to be plus.
The personality still gets in F,
but he gets to be plus for his coaching job.
And then you got Poghels,
got an A plus.
The only bone I would have to pick
is Ray Whitney with an A.
Where is the plus on the A, okay?
Could Ray Whitney be playing possibly
any better than he is?
No.
Dynamite.
It's great.
But I guess if he gets Poghels for Rene plus,
nobody else should get an A plus,
because obviously he is a cut-about.
The rest of the world,
even though nobody's coming out to see him.
Sean Burke, of course,
nearly departed grade C.
This year, I would agree,
with that Trevor Kid gets an A plus.
But the honesty here in this thing,
it's beautiful.
Philip Kuba gets a D.
Oleg Kavashir gets a D,
which I think is a little bit generous to be honest with.
I give him like maybe an F minus.
But has he shown me anything?
No.
Nothing.
Chris Wells, now the course that he's in the minor leagues
in far away and probably don't read the sunset,
well, he gets an F.
Oh, I knew you.
I feel vindicated or what.
Now that somebody else finally admits it,
he says he's not an NHLR,
even in an over-expandedly,
he doesn't have the speed or physical nature in the compete.
He seemed to have found his level in the NHL.
Nice going, Mike Russo.
I don't care how bad you smell.
Just stay away.
How's he going?
Mike Wilson, on defense, a D.
Absolutely correct.
He scares the L out of me.
He's weak.
He is weak.
We want right-winger back.
We're getting the back.
No, bad trade.
I say now A minus on Brian Murray.
That just came back to mind.
Bad deal.
And Peter Willwell, the big fan favorite,
because like I've told you for two years now,
they like to have a big black guy in a team
who goes out there,
roar, and allegedly he's going to beat the crap out everybody else.
The only problem is he doesn't even get into fights anymore.
Doesn't he?
No.
All he does is get stupid penalties and fall down a lot.
That's all he does.
That's his contribution to this team.
Taking up a spot on the roster that could be taken by somebody with some talent.
You know, back in the days when I said Steve Sullivan,
Lisa are going to get rid of him.
Would you rather have Steve Sullivan or Peter Willwell, huh?
I mean, then you have 20 other names.
It says, has not returned to old form after two-sprayed needs.
Had a tremendous training camp, it looked like he'd break through.
And although we started to play better,
has not done enough to leave the fourth line consistently.
That's generous.
I say F minus.
I score on my crew.
So it's refreshing now,
and I see somebody writing a column in his paper
or being on the radio doing a sports show
who isn't just sucking ass.
Because as you know,
that's my biggest complaint with a so-called sports nerd.
The side effect that almost nobody in this time understands sports hockey,
especially, is that you got a bunch of ass suckers.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know, ass suckers always got their heads.
Very deep inside somebody's a-
Back to parts.
Bogs their hell out of me.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
And back to you.
Kim Tomasari Rado is not an asshole.
He's a major asshole.
He's an asshole.
And by the way,
that new book of Brian,
that the one about the crazy Cubans in Miami,
that's great, man.
Cuban Mamba.
Yeah, that's wonderful.
It's coming.
All right, take care.
Okay, have a great day.
Well, I can see this is going to be a good day on his phones today, huh?
Are they sure to material or what?
Uh-huh.
Hey, it's Jackson Bell, man.
It's been developing today.
Have whatever today may be.
Jaguars.
That's all I got to talk about.
That's all they know.
One no Charlie's in this town.
These people wouldn't know Pavel Burry
if he knocked on the door and delivered $100,000 in cash right now.
They wouldn't have any idea who he was.
Very sad.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hylia. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just an update on the golf and graduating class.
Spikes got five years yesterday,
except the five years.
All right.
They're facing 10 years.
That's right.
That's why he's doing, by the way.
He's doing fine.
She's the cook in the prison,
so they get to stay together.
Roy!
Roy!
Okay.
And don't call him Irving, by the way.
Okay, that takes care of our calls for today.
That's it.
That's the end of the call.
I guess I could play music to one of the class sounds good.
To be in the end of the year,
and then come on and say,
tommeless regalato.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
George warned me on the after Monday.
He warned me that it was that way.
And it's going to be, I guess.
Josie Lambeaten is an insider column.
This morning has an interesting piece.
The cases against 20 of the folks arrested
by Broward Sheriff's deputies
while cohorting in two private wife-stopping clubs
may be unraveling.
How do you like that?
Broward judged Jerry Coward on when they found the testimony
of the arresting deputies.
Isn't enough to convict one of the swingers
whose cases before him,
that afford Lauderdale cop,
Ray Hall.
The gentleman, I'll wait until you hear this part.
The judge ordered prosecutors to come up with at least one
civilian who was as offended by the acts
as arresting deputies.
This means to Quetal for Ray Hall
and the other swingers said James Benjamin,
who's firm represents several of the suspects.
Good luck in finding somebody who didn't like what he or she was,
he was a sheeng.
Ron Ashoi spoke to the state attorney's office,
didn't talk about the decision,
which comes just four days before Hall
arrested a club trap peas goes on trial.
50 people were nabbed nearly a year ago.
At two Broward swingers clubs on Lootness charges,
the cases of about 20 of them are winding their way through the system.
Benjamin said the order may implement the other four judges
with similar cases.
How do you like that?
The prosecutors have to come up with at least one civilian
who was as offended by the acts as arresting deputies,
which is not only unlikely,
but it's impossible because the people pay their way to go in there
and they're where they're seeing what they pay to go see and do
and whatever it was,
and mind on their own business.
So there's one piece of good news is the judge with a brain
who evidently wasn't on anybody's payroll.
Here's Jupiter, hello.
Eggs I hate them.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, I listen, those were all talking to you.
I was actually wondering, but I wouldn't ask you something.
I read an article that said that
when we traded the Vorak, they wanted Ola Kavasha.
Yeah, why the hell wouldn't we?
No, Yelene was telling me that this morning,
I nearly fell on the floor and wanted to cry.
Ola Kavasha is a total stiff and the idea.
And to Vorak, you know, granted,
he didn't finish a lot.
At least he had seven goals.
He was skating great.
At least he's got some promise and added something.
I mean, I say now, back down to a B for BM.
Back down to a B from an A to an A minus down to a B.
Agreed.
Thank you.
Okay, great day.
Okay, sub to you folks.
Maybe I'll just do one of those shows where I just
ramble here for four hours today.
You think I might be a good idea?
Because these people have got no material.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line,
877785, Neil,
8777856345 on the other town line.
Desperate today.
1026, if you win.
If you can't cap with no discourse,
you're going to get a chance of a last game in.
We've got only on sports radio 5.
Picking QA.
How?
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
We got the however it is.
You've been so vicious, having.
When we go get our way,
we stand far feet.
You would ramp us out the measure,
we'll get angry.
And we are too black to interact in the street.
We know that today we can throw a finger at us.
But we're the most important people in our minds.
L.I.
We say the least.
L.I.
We unite and fight for human causes.
On you with the news, cameras red flashing light.
Action!
Action!
Action!
Action!
It's a most important, important, important,
you who love.
At least as bothered or as the
most important people in our minds.
I hate to break the news to Tomas Regalotto and other
of his similar mind people.
The idea that the police are around there to clear
intersections and keep the traffic moving.
That may seem revolutionary and counterproductive to you.
But you're an asshole.
That's just the way it is.
They did a good job.
They did a bad job because they let them take over that street.
But they went out there and broke it up and cut the crap.
That was when they finally started emulating the Miami
and they were done a good job all day long.
Tomas Regalotto, another disgrace,
another political disgrace to South Florida.
But again, like I said so many times, it's right
at all.
Sun sent another good editor of the day.
It says Reno made the right move.
US Attorney General Janet Reno made a Solomon like this in the
Ellen Gonzalez case when she upheld the father's rights.
But post-polling the boys returned to Cuba.
At the end of the day, she made the right decision.
And it goes on to say in the last paragraph,
and this is the bottom line of the whole deal.
It will be best for alien if the courts move swiftly
as the judicial process allows.
Once the final decision is reached,
everyone needs to think about the best interest of the child
and obey it.
You got it. Tomas Regalotto.
And all you other banana boat people and obey it
and get it over with and get on with our lives.
Oh! It's going to the Sun Central consistently
has made sense on this.
Of course the hero of this who busy going the...
Pandering.
Then we got this kid.
You see, everything in this country has to do with race and ethnicity.
Just like that John Rocker business.
We have it in there.
I don't want to play it. The John Rocker interview from ESPN.
And I got to be honest because you know me.
I'm a sucker for a good face.
See, I never saw John Rocker with his baseball cap off
before. I thought he was a big Yahoo.
But I saw it part of that interview yesterday.
And to be honest with, he takes his hat off.
He's not a bad looking guy, John Rocker.
He's a bigot and he's an asshole. He's obnoxious.
So what's wrong with that? Why can't you be obnoxious and disgusting?
Especially if you look pretty good.
Huh?
I saw a man ditch in the hall this morning coming to pick up his check
after about six months. I said, he want to think about John Rocker.
He has a stud.
And that's it. Right there.
So he's an asshole. He's bigot and he's got a right to be.
Just keep your mouth shut, John. Okay, you'll be all right, sweetheart.
But now we got this child murderer spared lifetime in adult prison.
And once they were going to put in for a lifetime, this 13-year-old kid
who shot this other strange kid.
Kid, he didn't even know he was 11 years old.
I mean, this kid's got an IQ. He owes points.
Have you seen this kid, the little black kid?
A defense attorney said he had to explain to the boy what had happened
after the judge issued his ruling, sending him to juvenile court
and he's going to be released when he's 21, overruling the jury.
And the judge, I saw the tape last night on the news.
The judge says to the kid, raise your right hand and he lifts up his left hand.
He didn't know your right hand. Like, uh, yeah.
I mean, he's oblivious. He's just got a blank look on his face like he owes points.
And then we got all these people running around naturally outside.
All these dark, complex people. It's racist. It's this.
It's that, just like Jesse Jackson over there in God, day, Illinois, the same crack.
Everything is racial. Everything is bigger than the citizens.
So I'm sick of it. Sick and terrible.
Here's Carl Spring. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, Jesse Jackson's an asshole.
And so is that guy in the radio? He was stupid guy too.
Tomas Brignano. He's an asshole.
That's the real world man. That's the real world man.
That's a cool little hour, man. Right. Exactly.
Well, that's them. Yeah.
Oh, that was it. That was just, well, I tell you, you folks got any material today at all?
Oh, no, nothing.
Oh, you picked a good day to do the show, Mark. I'll tell you that.
You won't have to be too busy.
This is, this is record breaking today.
56670560. This is the day that Miami died. Maybe you can smell it.
Either that or it's goddamn Josh Friedman. Maybe brought my cruiser away with him today.
Why is it that so many fat people allegedly smell so bad?
I'm fat. Do I smell bad? No.
Like I've told you before, if you can't look good, smell good.
That's my motto in life. At least always make sure you smell good.
Spice some crap on in the morning.
Now, gold thing, does he smell bad? No.
Fat rich don't smell bad. No.
Huh? I know some fat people don't smell bad.
I must hang out with the right fat people.
I guess poor hygiene must go hand in hand.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe some of these people are afraid that if they get too close to that bar or soap, they might drop it.
You know what I'm saying? And of course talking about bending over,
most of these people were talking about, can they bend over?
Oh no. Impossible.
Don't have to worry about getting any sneak attacks
because they can't bend over in the first place.
So you all use slim people out there.
I know you laugh at us and you make fun of us.
But just one day before I croak before they put me in that box,
I would like to look down in the shower and see my f***.
I was just looking straight down.
Which you have to have good eyesight.
I hope by that time my eyes are still as good as they are right now.
Because it's kind of tough wearing a glasses in the shower.
Here's the mobile in the South Beach. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing okay. The audience seems to be a little off their feet.
Well, great to have you back.
I want to go see you at the Specs and Crowgables a while back.
Yeah, you look great.
Yeah, I do look great. I look beautiful.
Yeah, that's why I look like you.
I look great. I look great. I look great.
What is it? Tomas Vagallata. Why are you here?
He's a big asshole.
But I want to hear the most as the other guy, the one with the dark care,
the one that was wearing a suit when he got arrested.
Ronald Sauer Sanchez.
Oh, I mean the other day he's like speaking on the TV like he's some kind of leader saying,
I want to tell my people not to protest for it now.
It's like, what is he doing?
But then by wait for this signal, as soon as the smoke signal starts,
then go out there and start.
What an asshole. Oh, another public service announcement, Neil.
If you're ever in South Beach, don't ever eat at the restaurant called Maya.
The one that's owned by Christina, the Untanel 3, the blonde.
Yeah.
Oh, terrible. It's neck skin.
Let me tell you something.
The portions are about as big as the thumbnail.
Mm-hmm. About as big as my penis.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, he got the good job, man.
Thanks, amigo.
Have a great life and don't forget Tomas Vagallata.
He's an asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T weatherline.
All these people, I mean, well-intended, sending me all of this stuff about,
early on good dollars and about, you know, and save it.
I'm not going to just wasting facts paper.
I must add 6,000 pages this morning, easy.
45,000 pages of fast paper wasted.
Where people faxed me all this stuff about, early on good dollars.
Do I want to see it?
No, we're tired of it. We're, we're, we're, early on out.
Do you understand we're early on out.
We're maxed out on, early on.
No, Maas, please.
Por favor, no, Maas, Tomas, Vagallato, by the way.
He's an asshole.
Here's a mobile skin plantation. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm saving this one.
You didn't have much going on.
Yeah, man.
Yeah.
When George was on one of the other days, I flipped over to what's the guy on the sports guy on 940,
the clone guy.
Who?
Oh, Jim Rommie was talking about it.
Yeah, Rommie.
And you have a chronic that every time he was on the air, I would call up George and say,
he got on that show.
It was like, it was unbelievable.
I heard the guy's voice.
It's a holy cow.
It has absolutely no life.
But you do realize there's only a hundred people that call the sports shows.
You do understand that. It's the same hundred people.
Whether it's unwrap, whether it's Rommie, Homie, whether it's, it's the same hundred people over and over again.
And it was, it was amazing.
Billy, the Jets fans, Steve from Hollywood, which is Woody, that asshole,
there's same bunch of losers over and over again.
Chronic Gamers, the G.A. crowd.
He would call your show.
And I know he would like change his name.
And every time he did it, because he's like a, a, a stick.
And George didn't recognize it.
Yeah.
I kept calling up and I said, George, this guy's a chronic.
Get him off.
And he finally recognized him.
And he kept them off.
And when he got on Romm, Romm has his callers.
They do this, this stick, where they, where they like imitate him.
And this guy did this whole thing.
And I'm saying to myself, my Lord, don't people have any life at all?
Unbelievable.
No.
No, absolutely.
And how about it for the patient lady who got her, who got her, her children admitted?
Yeah, for 90 days.
Or only for 90 days.
And they're not going to Disney World, I don't think.
And then I can know little puppy dogs that they can hold up by the front legs and let it, all its weight on the back.
Somebody's sure, Ali, on how to hold that puppy before I get to like diarrhea.
Is it, is Dan Burton going to be over there taking pictures of those kids when they part?
Yeah, he's going to be over there sniffing it out.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
And by the way, how's Dan Burton, Jill and Jim are kids doing, huh?
Anybody here yet?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
On the, you see this is America, it's like that medical marijuana thing.
They're poor guy with MS lying there in the bed and they want to throw his ass in jail because you smoke a medical weed.
Hipocrits, hypocrites, hypocrites.
Why can't anybody just come out and express true open honest feelings like,
Oh, God.
The way it is, okay?
Why can't there be more people with balls?
I just don't get it.
21 before 11 is 5, 60, W, 2, M.
Only one South Florida radio station.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You're disgusting to it.
Hey, go for it.
Week after noon to two sports radio 5, 60, Q, A, F.
They play like men and they look like women.
If you haven't been watching the new hit show action on the face network,
here's what you've been missing.
Come back here, you motherfucker.
All of the foul language that gets edited out of network television is here on the station that's happened.
Network it's best.
Oh, yeah, tight set.
That's cool.
So what you've been wasting your time watching crime time shows that don't say f**k then you're a total f**king f**k.
Watch your calendar and watch the face network hit show action every Wednesday for the rest of your life.
Or at least until it gets canceled next week.
Okay, jerky.
And don't miss two new shows coming to the face network.
It's the premiere of f**k you and go f**k yourself.
Pen43 at 560 WQM, a mayor speaking to people being upset and thin skin.
Franklin, Virginia, mayor who denied making a remark that insulted blacks has reported in the Washington Post.
Now it's been criticized for disparaging the article's author, where they remark about his religion.
Oh, mayor James Counsel, who's white, was quoted on December 25th.
Sounds like Christmas state, I mean, is what it sounds like.
In the newspaper saying it's not that we don't like to live next door to the blacks,
it's just that people don't like to see the junk in the arts.
What's wrong with that?
It's not that we don't want to live next door to Haitians.
We just don't like seeing all the diaper boxes on the front lawn.
Is there anything wrong with that?
No.
It's just a true statement, you see?
Counsel denied making that comment.
However, he admitted saying of the reporter in the story published on Tuesday by the Richmond Times Dispatch.
He's Jewish.
He doesn't care about Christmas and he ruined a lot of people's Christmases in Franklin.
The anti-deformation league who are very, very hyper about stuff like that,
wrote to counsel the complaint about the blatantly insensitive and offensive comment in the Richmond newspaper.
Counsel apologized while continuing to disavow the earlier remark about those farcees, is what he said.
Now just examine that.
It's not that we don't like to live next to the blacks.
It's just that people don't like to see the junk in the arts.
You could say the same thing about white trash, about red necks,
about all that pickup trucks in the driveway,
about all that old burn out the cars and the goddamn on the lawn.
You could say the same thing, right?
I mean, but get upset about that, of course not.
How come you can't say anything about certain minority groups?
And by the way, they're going to be really pissed when they hear about this.
In both newspapers today, big story, majority of gay age cases are Hispanic and black.
Oh!
How you like that?
And the date counties statistics are staggering.
The study by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta found that black and Hispanic men
accounted for 52% of the age cases attributed to sex with other men in 1998.
The first time that minority gay men have outpaced whites, they're busy.
Nine years ago, white men were by far the majority in that category,
counting for about 70% of age cases.
The trend is particularly acute in Miami-Dade County where black and Hispanic men
made up 65% of the age cases from gay sex in 1999.
65% two turds.
You turd.
How do you like that?
That percentage is made fairly constant in the past decade.
Something health workers attribute at least in part to the area's large Hispanic community.
In fact, they'd ranked third in the nation for having the highest number of gay Hispanic men
with AIDS behind Los Angeles and New York.
The study also noted another troubling part of the trend.
Minority men were more likely than whites to contract the disease in their teens.
Now here comes the most interesting part of this.
There's that what I've been telling you for years, even though so many of you are in denial,
just like George, you don't want to hear it the way it is.
Although whoever wrote this story, Karen Ruffinsky, I hate to break the news to you, Karen.
See, because you're dealing in that, just like George lives,
in that strange world of heterosexual and homosexual and nothing in between.
Is that the way the real war works?
No, no.
Especially when you're dealing with A, Hispanics, and being lots of other Europeans,
but Hispanics especially.
And I think it's kind of like a backlash with a tremendous macho that hysteria.
The study found that black and Hispanic men were less likely than white men to identify themselves as gay.
Researchers believe this is due to a stronger stigma in those communities about homosexuality.
That bias contributes to the spread of the disease to women since wives and girlfriends may be unaware
that their partners also sleep with men.
That sounds like something that has been telling us for years.
And it also complicates prevention efforts because the closet makes it harder for health workers to find minute risk.
If you went in a way, Latino gay bar and turned on the lights you'd find lots of husbands in there,
Dr. Alberto Aventano, Director of HIV Services for the Department of Family Medicine at U of M,
who said many Hispanics still think of AIDS as a gay white man's disease that doesn't affect them.
If you went into a Latino gay bar and turned on the lights, wow!
Dr. Alberto Aventano, Director of HIV Services for the Department of Family Medicine at U of M,
I wouldn't be surprised if even some people would know Tomas Regalado.
He's an asshole.
Like being at bar. How do you like that?
In some Latino gay bar, maybe we'll find out the names of some Latino gay bars.
Maybe we'll go on and do some research, huh?
Maybe we'll send some of our crack reporters out there with a flashlight and a notepad.
Maybe we'll send Josh Friedman out there with his guy named Little R. Recorder,
since he did such a great job on those Tomas for this show.
By the way, not only are you a fat, not only do you smell bad, Josh Friedman, but you're totally an F.
You know, about a month ago, I said to our program director in between the crying jacks,
I said to our program director, why don't you do something even on a weapon,
which I've only listened to three times in my life and nobody else has ever listened to,
they can't even fight it on their radio.
And they got promos on there.
Hi, this is Olinda Mardi. When I'm not kicking it, I'm listening to the fan.
Whatever he's doing, you know, like that.
And here we are, we got the dolphins, we got the panthers, we got the goddamn Marlins, unfortunately.
And we doing that stuff, no.
No, no. That's how it works on a real radio station.
It doesn't want to continue sounding stale and old and boring.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, spice it up a little bit.
As long as we're glamourizing and covering up and shilling for a lot of these scumbags,
they might as well do some stuff for us. It's called tit for tat.
That's what it's called. Can I say that?
No. Can I say that?
And so how did Josh Friedman get the assignment, by the way,
Duff? How did you give it to that fat, smelly piece of dirt?
So he goes out there, I asked him the night that the Leafs were here, by the way.
The Leafs won at Game 6 4 that night, remember that great night?
And I said, you know, my good buddy Joe Bowen, who does the Leaf Games,
the greatest hockey broadcaster in history, Joe Bowen and Harry Neal.
Go on, they love me. I said, go on up there and give me some promos.
Because we've already got the ones in here, you know?
The ones that have been playing for 100 years, like,
this is your boy on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Stuff like that. That's great stuff.
So he goes up there and he's all proud and excited and he brings back the tape.
Oh, he's not going to rot.
I'll just story it. You can't hear a god damn thing.
Very very new, right?
Nice call, Josh.
You give a big fat tub of dirt and a very simple assignment
that a great school child could do. Can you do it right?
No, no, bring back a piece of crap.
So, oh, but don't worry about that.
I'm sorry it was a, it wasn't much in the levels on the recorder,
but I'm going to get the players.
He goes on to the players. Who does he get?
He gets Robbie Needermar.
Do I want a promo by Robbie Needermar?
No.
Anybody remember him?
Oh, by the way, Microsoft was generous. He gave him a C.
C as in the C-Nile.
I don't know what that stands for. C as in Can't Play.
Can't get it done.
Robbie. Robbie.
Next year, I think it's going to be the breakthrough year.
Somewhere else we hope. We pray.
Yeah, next year.
And then the good one, Mark Parrish, that was okay.
Mark's a good kid. He kind of vanishes for a few games at a time
like the other night, but nevertheless, he's a good kid.
He's going to be a good player.
And that's it.
And that was the end of that assignment.
That's where it ended.
Do we ever get any more?
No.
I mean, you talk about a bunch of lazy slabs who sit around
and what they call the bullpen in this place.
Because it's a, see, it's a, like George says,
it's a sports bar with a microphone.
So, we got a room they call the bullpen.
Yeah, that's where they spread the bullshmit in the bullpen.
They sling it.
Bullshmit.
And they sit around and they eat all the, they don't even eat
the good stuff. They eat their remnants of whatever free food is left over
from the stale doughnuts, the stale breakfast stuff that was sitting there yesterday.
I saw a weenian there, talk about gagging.
Talk about choking on something.
It looked like it was from 20 centuries ago.
It looked like it was from the natural museum of science in New York.
So, even in the bullpen, they wouldn't eat that thing.
They wouldn't stuff it in their purse.
But I mean, how about getting some of these people?
We got 80 million of these sports wannabes running around this place.
How about getting some of them off their ass,
dumb, and getting them out there to do something?
So it would like spice up the way the station sounds, you know?
Make it sound like we're really out there putting on an act to try to do something
like has to do with radio as opposed to the usual Greg Reed just giving me the money.
As opposed to just, uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, that crap.
Non-stop.
God.
Can we get it done?
No.
Oh, no.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
What's going on?
How you doing, pal?
Pretty good.
Pretty good, man.
First, I wanted to just touch on that, down that Cuban thing.
Touch your way.
And by the way, Tomas Regalano, I just heard a new abort, and he's an asshole.
Yeah.
I would agree.
He's so want track, you know, all those people that are out there, and it's just want track mine.
He's out there interfering with police work.
He's, he's, he's track, like tackling the cop out there.
He's, like, I didn't interfere.
I didn't do nothing.
It's ridiculous.
And you know, my parents are both from Cuba, and they don't feel this way and need to do
all of that.
So besides that, the panthers, how many no-shows were there the other night?
I turned them over.
I would say 4,500.
They said the pay, they said the-
The pay, they said the pay.
The pay, they said the pay.
The pay.
The pay.
The pay.
Are you still there?
Yeah, I'm still there.
Did you, did you hear that?
Yeah, I was like a big fan of yours.
That's good.
Oh.
I'm thinking a lot of money for them.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
There were about 4,500 no-shows.
Well, I think the fact is, you know, they moved it.
When they moved the team, they figured I guess they figured everybody would start to see games.
Yes.
And they, um, it's just that obvious in that building.
What is it?
That's the obvious in the building.
It's just kind of weak.
Weak.
You know?
Weak in a-
It's more like a crowd like this.
It doesn't really, uh-
They don't hear it.
They're not even-
I have a great day, pal.
I gotta let you go.
Your phone is just, uh, that line.
Hey, listen, nice going there, Greg.
You really got this thing going.
I can see they're working overtime getting this phone all straight out, right?
Oh.
Greg read, when he shakes your hand and looks at you in the eye and tells you something, you know, it's a bunch of bullshmit.
Make no mistake about that.
In fact, if you look at a bullshmit artist in the dictionary, there's Greg reads, pictures next to it.
They should have the FBI should have taken him out of here in handcuffs.
Not Scott Schwartz.
At least he's a good guy.
And doesn't tell as many stories.
Yeah, there's-
How can you complain about the ambience?
When first of all, you got 9 or 10,000 people in a building that's cheap, 19,000.
And number two, half of them, like the people sitting behind me are talking crap, which has nothing to do with the game.
And then you got those red-
Put him down!
Put him on the boards!
Put him on the boards!
I have never-
That was-
Like I said, the other day, the all-time worst.
I've been-
I'd say 90% of the home games, whenever I'm in town, I'm there.
And since the two years, they've been in that building.
That was the all-time worst.
Even going back to the old arena.
There was everything that came close to the bunch of losers that we had in there the other night.
And then, like I said, here's the thing with Michael Russo.
He's got a pretty honest analization there in a paper.
And is there any commentary about it?
Is there any conversation?
Does anybody care?
Does anybody understand it?
No.
Like the guy yesterday, he's talking to me about Eddie Shack and Eddie Litzenberger and Jacques Plont and Terry Sachsock and a lot of other Tim Horton dead players.
And that's the idea of hockey talking his town.
Talk about a bunch of guys that played 20, 30 years ago, which I know who they all are.
I can relate to it, but is anybody care?
No.
Is anybody know who they are?
No.
Anybody know who I want to hear about it, including me?
No.
No.
My favorite player of all time was Johnny Bauer, okay?
Who had 42 career shutouts?
Just ask him, he'll tell you.
But does anybody want to hear about Johnny Bauer?
No.
Tank Bauer?
No.
And Bauer?
No.
No.
Michelle Bauer?
No.
Might of way Michelle's out, but she's having bad dreams.
In any rate?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pawn 5, 60.
On the 18th and C wireless line.
Oh, God.
Yeah, and we've got to have a search party in this town.
You pick the topic.
In fact, what we ought to do is just put a bunch of topics in a hat every day.
And pick a topic out of the no matter what it is.
And then just get a search party and scour this community.
Define anybody who might be able to say anything about it except...
EEEE!
That.
God.
It is tough.
How's that line 7 doing, by the way?
Is that thing okay?
Okay, just...
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
I didn't like the sound out there.
Yeah, I like it.
Yeah, welcome to a great studio here, Mark.
See, they got the good stuff over there.
What do we get?
We get crap.
We get pure and unadulterated bullshit is what we get in here.
But in the studio, almost a year, I keep very simple thing, Greg.
Give us a phone system that works, sweetheart.
Oh, just a phone system.
Thank you all.
Then we'll leave you.
I won't ask you for anything else.
Forget about the voice, you're wet or anything.
You don't have to do it like a real radio station making a real effort.
Just give us a phone system that might work.
You frickin' lying piece of purg-you.
Will you do it?
No.
No, he won't do it.
Because it's the wannabees, they just refuse to do it.
They won't get off the goddamn dime.
They won't do it.
Although I do like that sound though.
See, in the very sound, it keeps moving.
After the 7th of June, the way they perform.
I might just do that till 1 o'clock.
In fact, after I get out of here from Monday, we're just going to do that for now.
Okay, let's still get to like a 10-year.
Absolutely, positively, unbelievable.
What are those tickets?
Are those tickets we're giving away or what?
No, these are tickets for the Flyer Game on Monday that have been die-inducing since I'm a flyer fan.
Oh, those are for you.
Yes sir.
Oh, and I won't be here because I'm not coming back to Leaf Friday afternoon.
All my luck, okay, they play that game on 3 o'clock on Monday.
Why are they doing that?
Just to piss me off, I guess, whether they're-
No!
Huh? That's what they're doing.
Just to frost my ass.
You see, that'll be interesting because as great as the Panthers have been playing,
I just want to caution you the one thing.
When they play the good teams, they make beliefs, the Flyers teams like that.
Do they win?
No.
No.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Not that I'm not ecstatic about the way that they're playing and all the other good stuff.
But let's not get carried away.
1056 at 560 WQM.
QAM drops the green flag with Motorsport Saturday.
Oh, yeah.
Good morning, 6th with Chocostello.
Right here on Sports Radio 560, QA pin.
420, 560.
WQK, my head, sports car tail.
Just in Christ's fact, and you'll hear a tale of a beard in comedy stuff.
Who's received good over a dropping aisle, South of Florida.
They ran from a big tattoo in Man, who conquered their island home.
With freedom fights, War will teach you with the rest to take a vote.
Or build a rap and float.
And the wind taught you to get it back quickly, gated up.
I've been feeling the Bay of Texas try and the Air Force didn't show up.
They float it into Miami and through their politicians in place.
Like they are peanuts and swathways who move.
So I roll your roll.
I roll my roll.
I roll my roll.
I'm a 3 on.
Where I'll be from, baby.
I roll my roll.
11 o'clock at 560, WQM.
We got Bootschambia to hang out his way to Jacksonville,
being escorted by 50 playing closed cops out there,
speeding up the turnpike.
They're on a way to Jacksonville for the game.
At 5 o'clock, Jimmy, we got a shot.
To be special, ought to be shot.
And then we got the Geldey on Game Night,
Huracun's in the Panthers tonight at 705 from the Inter Center.
Am I going to be there?
No.
In fact, if I would have been thick and straight,
I would have brought in those tickets and given away today.
In fact, I could have given you my fire seats,
which you were not better than what you probably got, but nevertheless.
Next time.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 05 5 60 on the AT&T wireless light.
We're talking old time hockey here today.
I'm the O'Rider Show.
Are we? Are we talking?
No.
Come on.
Bird Homestead, Bob Pouffer.
Let's go.
Dave Keon, your darms draw.
Oh, no.
Here's a lady in Hylia.
Hello.
Hylia.
Ron Stewart, yes, ma'am.
Yeah, Neil.
Jerry Eman, yes.
Billy Harris.
Oh, I just want to...
I still prone to vote.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Doug Harvey.
Okay.
Hello.
Did you think that it might be a good idea that Regolato is an asshole
at the rate that he gussens gas?
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
But you know, it's a bigger one.
Super duper.
Carpita Pedrosa.
Garcia Pedrosa?
Did you read him today?
About what?
No, I didn't read him.
He told the family and the uncle that if the IEDS comes to get him, we are not going to surrender him.
Just say no.
Does anybody say just say no?
You can't always confuse him with Nancy Riggand.
It looks a little like her.
Especially the red dress.
I always decided to surprise that he's one of those married guys in one of those Latin D bars.
He's a strange man.
Including me or I ping a pecania, by the way.
It was at all shock to see him.
You cannot talk about a Hylia resident like that.
Come on, Neil.
Okay.
Have a good day.
And hand back to you.
Good day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless one.
That would be a good idea for all you married the Hispanic guys out there.
They're in the closet.
Come out on the air to watch today.
We'll use the voice redder if we had one.
Hey, you guys all sound the same anyway to the rest of us.
Here's the Delray Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
I love you, show.
I want to just play this is your signal in Delray Beach today.
Can I play it if you could?
Yeah, but it's going to be underlay.
No, no, I want you to hear it.
Listen.
Okay.
All right.
There you go.
I love this show.
I love this show.
A little bit of wind and we don't get you there.
Can I stay on hold for a little bit of show?
No.
Although the way the phones are going today, we probably could use that line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
I was lying 7 to them by the way.
Just checking on it.
That sounds like it's going to be working.
You know this is a signal in the crystal can't ring because it's going to be a problem on it.
It's coming on it.
It's coming on it.
There you go.
And of course, deaf is running around.
You know, we go through the same exercise every couple of weeks.
See, runs up and down the hall and runs around in circles and there goes in the office and has a breakdown.
It's the same crap.
Over and over and over again.
Never stops.
See, I just don't understand it.
If I'm running a multi-million dollar radio station, if I'm the head cheese, the big hot shot, if I'm going to,
I don't want to say because it's a quiet period.
You know, I respect people who give me tangible support of any kind.
I'm not going to put forth some kind of a turnt product like this guy.
Like Greg Reed.
But he just doesn't care.
How can you have any pride when you don't understand what it's related to?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, man?
And I got the solution to the whole Cuban problem.
I say if the dolphins win, then we keep them.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Okay, all your Cubans get your maybe a no-change and go out of the barrazov because I think the chances of your stay in our mighty slim after that.
Okay?
Because if the jaguars win, we may have a mass exodus here on Monday.
In fact, if the jaguars win, we may have a mass exodus on Sunday based on what I'm hearing on these top...
Oh, God.
The calls on this station.
People with delusionary...
And you know something, even if they do win, which is possible because you got basically about 20 girls teams in that league.
Like about 28 girls teams.
It still doesn't mean a goddamn thing.
But it makes you feel better about yourself, isn't it?
That's right.
We did it.
We did it.
The same people that you were ripping the crap out of.
Week after, week after, week after, week after, week after, they said.
They said, they choked, they bloke.
And now all of a sudden we've got a shot.
We, us.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is Newt?
I would always respect.
I really, I live for your show a couple times.
And I really...
A couple times?
Or a lot?
No, a couple times a week, a couple times a week.
I see.
I respect you.
I respect your listeners.
And we'd always respect, I would like...
I'm going to say I wouldn't like to offend anybody.
I was born in Cuba.
I came to this country when I was nine.
I've practically been raised here.
I'm 28 right now.
And I really...
Sometimes I really feel...
I don't know, I feel bad when I see people calling there.
I'm criticizing us Cubans.
Well, we've got a lot of things to do.
Sir, sir, sir, sir.
Let me slow you down, okay?
Let me say it again.
The Paula channel tended that they had on the Michael Putney Show last Sunday,
which I've talked about several times this week.
68% of the Cubans agreed with everybody else and said that they opposed the protest
and the blocking of the streets and the slowing down.
This isn't a Cuban against Anglo issue.
This is a people with common sense against hysterical people issue.
That's what it is.
It's a law abiding people against the hysterical...
We don't care about anybody else people.
That's what the issue is.
Exactly.
When we go out to the streets and we protest,
I mean, we don't do it in the manner that we destroy.
There are other communities in this country.
Sir, I don't want to hear about it.
Sir, we don't live...
We don't live in other communities.
We don't live in Seattle.
We don't live in Watts.
We don't live in all those other places.
We live here.
And when we get in our car here and we're going from point A to B,
we have a right to expect that we can drive on the roads without a bunch of screaming.
I get a list of what I have to say.
I mean, I'm calling on the phone.
I'm listening to the demand.
Listen to the demand.
There he goes.
I would have listened to everything I had to say, sir.
Now, line eight is a working.
See, this goes on all the time.
I see it here screaming and yelling,
how come the phones aren't ringing the way I think they ought to be.
And then I find out that about two thirds and sometimes
one of the goddamn lines are working.
And this is the beastly meets idea of somebody coming in this studio
and trying to do a goddamn talk show.
Line seven screwed up.
Line one's been out for days.
Line eight now.
And it wasn't me, pal.
I'm willing to listen to what you say.
If you call me back out of the line,
I never put anybody back a second time,
but I'll put you back on if we can get you on a line that works.
But I can't have you on a phone line with...
Like that.
I can't do a show like that.
This play, I'm going to tell you one thing,
this place needs right now.
Okay, this place needs, I hate to say,
because he's a nice guy.
This place needs a real honest to God,
engineer, a radio engineer who knows something about what he's doing.
I hate to say that because he's a good guy to Scott.
We got what you see him about once every six months.
And they keep him real busy, and that's always the excuse.
But somewhere along the line, they have to have somebody,
somebody in this community who knows how to put together a studio that works.
A talk show without a phone system that works.
And you wonder why I did three weeks with no phone calls.
There were people giving me crap with doing it.
Forget what it was about.
It was good, better, and different.
At least the one thing,
I didn't have to put up with that crap every day.
It's your room, it's your room.
Oh, God.
Maybe it's moved over to eight now a little bit, huh?
See it starts out okay.
I was just wondering if you can see it in the place again.
It starts out like a busy fall.
Let's have your speech.
It's a very busy day.
I'm happy with that.
I'm happy with the stuff.
It's not a student's best.
It's a very busy day.
It's everything that's in the place.
And this is one of the questions you'd read off his lazy damn white lily-ass.
This is what it takes.
Piece of turd.
See, and I know he lasts so long and anything this guy.
But of course, you can fire it up again because you just press it up again.
And it makes the connection once again.
It starts through the same guy, damn thing.
Which you'll notice in about five seconds, huh?
Does it got to do the same thing again?
Yeah, I think so.
Here we go.
Oh, God.
I think I'm going to have a relapse.
You know, after three weeks of being sick as a dog,
missing several days of work which I very rarely do.
Unless I've set for my 40 weeks of vacation.
And you come in here when feeling great,
you feel like life is still worth living like you might live another five or six weeks
or something like that.
And you come in here and this is what you're up against again.
And it's just neurotic repetition.
It's the same damn thing.
And here's Duff running around and opening up the door.
And Bobbie, Bobbie, Bobbie, Bobbie.
And not that he can do anything about it.
Can he do anything?
Oh, of course not.
Oh, and then here's the Greg Registria.
They missed her hot shot.
Oh, I just so hope to go talk to George Corso.
Well, whatever you talk to George Corso about if you tracked him down,
it must not have gotten the job done, Greg,
because it's still a piece of shmit, okay?
We still can't put calls on you or make a goddamn show here out of your craft.
Out of these two pieces of turd you got here.
Like calling a phone system.
I'd like to get a ball-peen hammer and physically break this piece of this
getting their piece of garbage I got out of it.
I would like to just smash it to smithereens right here on the ear.
Make me feel better.
We'll make it work any better, but make me feel better.
Month after month, year after year, it just got...
It's like our construction project that are on the third floor.
Five months, Maple Leaf Gardens, they build it from nothing
from scratch to completion in 1932, 68 years ago.
When they had technology from the Stone Age and they still build a magnificent facility
five months, we got a project going on over here on the third floor.
Unbelievable.
We could not...
We could not...
The Empire State Building Down and the World Trade Center and reconstruct them in a shorter period of time
than what they're doing on this third floor, because it's the one of Beasley Way.
Because they don't pay their God damn bills,
because everything is on the pay-as-you-go system,
because they got no credit, because they're a bunch of deadbeats,
because they don't want to give you anything with quality.
Everything is schlock.
It's radio schlock.
Because Greg Read is more worried about different jog straps
than about putting together a real God damn radio station here.
Two-way-els, God the Co.
What's your need Johnson Show with JJ?
Today, five.
All the people here are on the fourth floor, five.
Two-way-els.
It's Friday, you're Wednesday.
The
way I move around when I go through, I call the Mambo movement a button too.
I'm the toilet seat that we can swim through, the Mambo Beach, the radio play,
slowing down the load, and I go through the junk one seat, I got the tool.
It's here to be the safe, but there's no lighting.
So I can make some noise.
I'm behind the nice and deep.
I don't have the push-line in control when I'm moving
side to side, not the toilet bowl.
I never have to spray it, it comes out whole.
It looks a little like us to zero.
I'd wait to the left, I'd wait to the right,
one thing you can do can tell you why.
Not only are you burning calories, but never, ever get a big red ring.
That's why we track guides who can't use the exercise in having a fun
when they move with the Mambo movement number two.
Hey, look at me, Alex, I'm doing the mambo.
Come on, George, it looks like a well-in-heat cat up in front of him.
Get it, get it, get it.
Okay, okay, it's 11.15 at 5.60 W. Can we go back on?
I'm sorry about that, but our phone's screwed up.
Okay.
Okay, what I want to say to you, I want to be quick because I want to have a little
looseness from calling you, I just want to be quick.
When we, when we cue, go out and protect, because of any problem that's going on with
Cuba, related with Cuba, we go out on it, and we don't, we don't destroy, we don't burn,
we don't hurt anybody, we don't do anything in a negative side.
Most of the time that we go out and protect, we do it in the A street, we do it on the
road.
But we are tired of people not listening to us, we are tired of...
Well, what do you mean people not listening to you?
I don't know what you're talking about back then.
Every time, back when you had the coast guard episode there with the pepper spray, people
paid attention to that.
See, the way a lot of other people look at it is, the people that go out there in protest,
at least some of them, are like a bunch of spoiled children.
Every time they don't like whatever is going on, they think that they're going to go in there
and disrupt everybody else's life so they can get their way.
The bottom line is that Cubans and Puerto Ricans and Americans and everybody, you can't
always get your way.
It doesn't always work that way.
I don't want to say what I'm saying.
I understand what you're saying.
I understand completely what you're saying.
And blocking the traffic and threatening the block of the airport, and certainly the airport
has got nothing to do with your grievance.
All that there's is his people off, that doesn't accomplish anything.
I understand.
Maybe you have, maybe you have, maybe what you're saying is true.
Maybe what you're saying is true.
I know what I'm saying is true.
How does that do?
You mean your cause and it detracts from it?
I mean, people have to think also that, I mean, we've been in this country for the past 40 years.
Yeah.
And so anything is going to get with it.
I think, I think we have been positive to this community, to this Miami-Movie.
Yeah, but now when you do things like that, now when you do things like that, whatever it is,
whatever it is like taking one step forward and ten steps backward.
And in reality, kneel.
I'll listen.
Yeah.
When other communities go out and protest, I'm not going to mention any names and I'm not going to mention
any community in particular.
Maybe a lot of favor and they destroy their whole city.
They do a lot of things.
If you want to engage in a pissing contest.
No, I'm not going to say anybody.
We disrupt your lives less than other people disrupt your life.
The fact is nobody wants to have his life disrupted when he's got nothing to do with your grievance.
And if you have an addition to which, the fact is if all the Cubans were as they've been out of shape
about a little early on, as you've seen the suggests that they are,
there wouldn't have just been a couple hundred over here and fifty over there and twelve in high alia.
There would have been thousands of people out there protesting and people would have gotten the message.
You don't have to block off traffic.
But the fact is there are only the same eight or nine hundred people over and over again.
There are about to say 70% or 80% of the Cuban community is against sending a little boy back to Cuba.
It's not about to itself.
But 68% of them are against the disruptions and the civil disobedience.
In what channel was that?
Channel 10.
Channel 10.
Michael Cutney, call up Channel 10 if you don't believe me.
Let me ask you this last question, Neil.
What did you think about what the little boy said?
Did he say that I want to go back to Cuba?
Have a great day, sir. I'm sure I put you back on.
I'm very sure I put you back on.
What do I think about the little boy said?
And don't forget noon today, his first fart on American soil.
Channel 10 will have the sound of it, the aroma, the graded from out of grade from A to Z.
And what does it mean, of course?
We'll have twenty-five people to interpret what it means.
What do I think of what he said?
You know what he said?
Yeah. And in addition to what sir, I don't really know what he said because I had three years of high school Spanish.
I do know what Yokeito mean.
And you wouldn't start a statement by saying Yokeito.
I don't want by saying I want, but nevertheless, nobody really knows what he said.
But how come those people in the backyard with him were all going, oh no, no, no, no, like that?
Reading some great social significance into some utterances of some little six-year-old boy
who's out there playing in a backyard with a friend.
I mean, you've got to stop this, sir. You've got to stop suggesting it's just like Dan Burton issuing a subpoena
for this kid to come to testify before Congress.
So he can say, what are he going to say?
Give me a break.
Why did I put him back? Am I crazy or what?
Yeah, I'm nuts.
Fire must be you're getting John Henry disease.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
How have we got a couple lines working today? Not too many. We don't want to overdo it.
Do you understand what I'm saying? We don't want to overdo it.
How's Line 8 coming along, huh?
See, this is good because it just, you can kill us in good time.
First check in lines. You're getting that sound back on the air like that.
And then you realize that if anybody could get you, you wouldn't put them on the air in first place
because they're going to go to the studio and all that thing with their stuff.
The call out of the show?
You get it?
Oh, good.
And then, of course, if you don't like the sound of Line 8, let's try Line 7.
Let's go to the studio.
That's right.
Let's try it.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
There you go.
See, it's just a little, it's a little Y2K delay is what it is.
It's only the 14th of January.
It was just a two week delay until the Y2K crap really stuck its, uh, weird, it's ugly head.
It's ugly, uh, rectum.
It's ugly, uh, rectum.
It's ugly, uh, yeah.
Oh, God, I'm telling you.
You talk about a handy crap.
It's a miracle we got any numbers on this station.
It's a miracle that anybody could possibly listen to the show every day
because about 80% of what we go through here is technical crap.
God, thanks a lot, Greg.
I hope you're feeling better.
Hope that hole in your head heals up some of your soon.
Here's a mobile in Hylea.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great. Can't you tell?
Yeah, I can tell you good.
You can bother me, man. I got my health back.
If you don't have your health, you don't have squat.
I got a big fat paycheck, do you have a, my health, uh, all my tests came out great.
That's all I care about.
These people are barbarians anyway. Let them move their souls.
Neil, you rock.
I miss you when I can't get you on the FM when I can't get you up there in Orlando.
So, Neil, think about the Cuban people and how aggressive and how antagonistic and how ready they are to fight at the drop of a hat.
What is that mean?
Well, all the Cuban people get out of here.
Go back to Orlando, okay?
Go back to Disney World with Ailey on.
In fact, stay away from him.
The Cuban people, they, they are.
See, I keep trying to tell you people.
I've been telling you for 100 years now.
As long as you want to keep putting labels on your forehead and putting stupid little flags on your rearview mirrors.
Oh, I'm a Cuban. I'm a Puerto Rican.
I'm a Puerto Rican. I'm a French frog. I'm a FM frog.
That's right.
Oh, we must be talking about not Patricia Brezwa.
I think in Denise Parque, and he was talking about a dumb FM frog.
When you called them an FM frog, we knew it was just Brezwa.
But if you would've said a dumb FM frog, that would've been Denise Parque.
Make no mistake about that.
You know, Denise, he got the message.
I feel really, really, F***ing.
He knew who's talking about him.
If you look up dumb FM frog in the dictionary, you'll see Denise's picture right next to him.
I feel really, really, really, really, yeah, and you are.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Nice to meet you.
I'm glad everything went well with your operation.
You got your health back, and that's great.
Question for you.
I haven't been listening religiously as I'd like to tell.
Well, why not?
Well, mainly because of your technical problems,
I do try to call in several times
and have so many problems getting in.
I do have work.
So I'll wait here.
Well, wait.
In other words, you're not going to listen
if you can't get you on a phone.
Because 99% of the people say they never call.
Now I've got that.
No, I do.
I just have been traveling since the first of the year,
and now I'm back, so I won't have any problems.
Well, it's all through that again, man.
We can't lose any audience with all the promotion we get here.
You got it.
My question is, and then I have a couple comments real quick.
What is your New Year's resolution?
I haven't heard.
I haven't heard.
My New Year's resolution?
Yes, sir.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, what is your new year's resolution?
Is that someday I'm going to work for a real radio company,
but I doubt it, because this is my last gig.
So I think that's like most New Year's resolutions
going away of the wind.
Well, I wanted to let you know my New Year's resolution.
I was fortunate enough to own it.
I mean, answer your question, sir.
What is your New Year's resolution?
I'm going to tell you.
Oh, OK.
I'll pretend that I care, because I really don't.
But go ahead.
Well, I want to explain to you.
I'll get to my point real quick.
What do you want to point?
My New Year's resolution is I wanted to give my father,
now that I'm getting older, something back
for all the things he's given me yet.
Yeah, I feel the same way, yeah.
Yesterday was a great opportunity,
wherever I wasn't able to call in before 1230,
and I wasn't able to get to pick it.
So my request for you, if you can do this for me,
is can you please play the Dolphin Fight Song for my father?
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Come on.
Don't be such a hard-ass.
You know, just a little bit.
Just like a little loader, too, would be good.
Oh, it's not under Dolphin,
sitting with under Miami Dolphins.
Remember that?
Where the hell is it?
That's it.
That's enough.
56670, come on.
We got a couple lines working here.
Let's get those things light up.
Let's light up.
Light up.
8777, 7856345 on the AT&T line.
I get, you know, something I think we're just
going to make a show out of this.
You know what it's like?
It's like it's a macarena when they do the thing with the puck
where they got the thing on the screen there.
That's silly contest.
And you got to follow the puck.
And which one is it under?
Like the old shell game, you know?
Like they do on a price is right.
They do that once in a while with the shell game.
I think we'll do the same thing.
We'll have people call in and let us know which line
is working that day.
You know, I guess which number it is.
I guarantee you, in the history of radio,
in the history of this business,
going back to Marconi, there has never been a technical
incompetence to degree that this place,
it's in a league of its own.
It's in a class by itself.
Is there any place close now?
Is there anybody in their worst radio nightmares ever dreamed
that they could work at a place like this that's...
No.
And the best part of it is, no matter how much they shake their head
and scratch their head and walk around it,
oh, gee, we're going to do something.
Do they do anything?
No.
They keep saying they're going to do something,
but do they do it?
No.
No.
God.
It's enough to make me want to take a long holiday weekend
from Martin Luther Cooin' Berthay.
This is 560, QAM.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560, QAM.
That's a tough joke, and...
And the fall is the quiet fall is the rabbit's sweeps tonight.
I sneak wide off, I get in tight off,
beneath the pale moon white.
My dawn is wetty, my hand is steady,
I've got him in my sight.
Don't wanna kill him, just wanna dwell him.
I hope he's nice and tight as I.
Weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away.
I weem away, I weem away, I weem away.
I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away.
I weem away, I weem away.
I wipe my lipstick upon his whip stiff,
and thank him for the dance.
But he's no waiting, he's right-knit-baiting
in the way of a rance.
Weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away.
I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away, I weem away.
That's what I call splitting hairs.
It's a lot of 30 and 560 WQM, I got the booster coming along at two.
Because I'm so excited, Jacksonville, but I'll tell you.
Would you want to be on a way to Jacksonville?
No, for any reason. No, no, no, thanks.
Circum
Circumcision is talked to prevent urinary tract infections and penile cancer, but the researchers found that for every complication from circumcision only six urinary tract infections are prevented.
And for every two complications only one case of penile cancer is prevented.
Today, about 65% of boys are circumcised in the United States, the only industrialized nation, or the still routine.
How can that be right? Wouldn't Israel when they are mostly, oh, they're not a bunch of barbarians. I'm sorry, they're a bunch of desert please.
Not seriously, the only industrialized nation worth still routine.
So there you go. And of course, there's also the usual, the usual thing in here is the study was prompted by Influential American Academy of Pediatric Announcement last year that it no longer recommended routine circumcision because of questionable benefits and medical and anecdotal evidence that circumcised men have less penile sensitive.
Oh, God, Sam, it Christ. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And we got a couple lines working. Here's Boyton Beach. Hello. Boyton Beach.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Okay, there he goes. Let's try Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, is this Neil? Yes, it is.
Oh, yes, I'm calling to express my opinion on the, yeah, of this Cuban with the Iliant. Have you? I'm Iliant to death, man. I'm Iliant to death. I'm quite sure you're alienating myself. Just listening to this call. Go ahead.
I'm sure you are, but I'm a native of I'm a native of this community, but I lived in California for 10 years and I've been back here three years and the only reason I moved back is because my mother was ill and I regret moving back today. I don't buy it. But anyway, I don't know if you've been watching the news this morning. NBC6 was showing that Commissioner Regalato is is charging the police department using that for yesterday's news. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.
Constitutional requirement that history of the Bible be taught in a secular objective way none of the visitors thank God
Thank God is indeed Broward or Palm Beach counties instead the classes are used to teach the Bible as a historical fact and if I'm
a Christian viewpoint and usually a minority Christian perspective according to people for the American way
How do you like that?
Why is it hard for a non-Christian to understand things about God? Isn't that great to have that in the school?
Excellent
560560 pound 560 on the AT&T Royal Sun he was going pretty good there Jeb Bush a Ronald Reagan
Rudy Giuliani left Ken Jenny out there's a good starting list of fascists and I'll fitler
Heinrich Himmler
Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. Oh, yeah, okay. Still loud and clear and I 75 informers great
Two things yes, sir
Do we never hear anything more getting it?
You know the second thing
Good Brook. Yes Olympic coach. Yeah, and
What's the most thing that L Michael 5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh God almighty
Do you believe that this guy's a miracle?
Get out of here. Okay. Well, sir. Don't you understand how boring you are?
You're boring sir what famous name four score in 20 years up your ass. Okay, get out of my face. You silly person you
So I'm gonna have to call the what talk show. No
You're horrendous your grotesque. I'm starting to have a relapse my inner is my kishki's are twisting in just from here in that crap
What famous way where oh see what I mean that's hockey talk in South Florida
And by the way, Al Michaels to anybody want to hear him do hockey? No, no, thank you
I'll stick to Joe Bowen in the Rick Generate Mike Lang. Thank you. I don't want to hear no Al Michaels
I don't hear my likeos do football and by the way, let me say it again
They threw the wrong guy off Monday night. Didn't I tell you that in the first place? Yeah, the boomer said the boomer back up packing
Backpacking the boomer blows
Never thought I'd be screaming and begging for Dan Deer to offer
I know it's very occasions when there's a game on that anybody want to watch which there weren't too many this year on muddy nights
Where there many no
Begging for Dan Deer are because the boomer like we'd like that another dumb x jock
As opposed to Dan Deer or for at least an article of us, yeah, let me tell you this too
By the way some wall you know how Pat some rolls eyes falling out the one eye, but at least some rolling madden as old as they both are
122 this week at least there's great compared to the rest we got Brian gumball blows
blows
And by the way speaking of that don't forget Don and Mike
Wow, yeah them too
Here's Fort Myers. Let's hope it is improvement over that geaser. Hello
God was he pathetic
Well Neil yes, sir. Oh
What was that is that a fossil on the phone? Oh, I think you should take his termites in it. Yeah
Okay, great another good call from Fort Myers. He said he's got termites in his rectum something like that
Logged the hell out of me
Sam we're still looking for a real call on it out of town line boy. That was a real blessing wasn't it?
I get nothing in here. Oh 877 785
6345 we're paying for it. Here's Coral Geables. Hello
Neil how you doing, sir? Okay, sir. Let me show I got a question for you though. Yeah, I was on your internet
Last night and I was trying to download your country be good to get you know, but you charge it for man
What's up with that charging for it? Yeah, they had that I couldn't I couldn't download it
I can download MP3 all over the place for free and then I go to your site. I was charging for it the internet site
How is that possible? How was that? Where's the money going? I don't know where the money's going
Yeah, neither do we it's probably where the same place that I'll go turn on money when I have no idea
But I am yeah, I was trying to download it so you got a pay for all that come on. You gotta be kidding me
I don't know if it was you over the station. I think you know I think you know why no, it's not us
You're right about boomer. He does blow though. Okay, thanks
Thanks for pretty weak call
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line 8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45 on the world wide line. That thing is better in the door nail
Yeah, I wish that one would break down because quite frankly we don't need it
I don't want to admit that on the air because then they'll take it out. Don't you think it right out here's for a lottery
Oh, hello. Hello. Yes, you gotta spot for a bucket run the car that you're running
Starts out with an employee budget, you know bubble bomb. Yes
Yeah, I heard that every time I miss me
What's about most met in the old Boston bro and shall we what is all no, let's not
And boomer blows. Okay, thank you. See it's unanimous. We took a poll. Everybody says the bloomer bow
boomer bows
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Well, I can't wait for those tapes into one of two are you know I'm talking about oh, thank god
Here's Hillsboro. Hello online one
Me a line one. Yes, sir. I'm the winner. I can't believe it. I can't believe it either. Oh my god
It works so far so far
Yes, they were searching for Raul. Did you ever find them? I was on the list. Yeah, we found them
We wouldn't have found them I'd have heard about it today. I'm sure they found them. Yeah
All right, yeah line ones are winner. Okay. I like that
Here's the guy that's calling sucking around for those tickets just because he was on the list the row called
You haven't know where tickets were
Meaning what you said I won yesterday. Nobody called me
It's the promotions. That's their problem now. Yeah, I'm not gonna worry about it. They leave it in the infu
Okay, that's his problem. I'm not gonna worry about giveaways. No
In fact, I apologize for getting sucked into doing that giveaway yesterday
I don't think I've ever gonna do it again. Even if the dolphins make it to the stupid bowl to be a bizarre
I mean highly unlikely, but even if they did I were given stuff away on the show. No
Let the others shows by the elisters, but they're goddamn stupid ticket boys. Okay. By the way anybody want my Panther tickets?
The sports radio by 60 QA is it all the stuff
Right
The
Oh
Oh, can it be?
Oh, can it be?
Can it be?
Can it be?
That's it, the whole world.
1115 and 560, WQM Big Fat Bug Shombie going to be in a two-hank son as Whitich Jackson.
We got that big Panther game, Carolina Huracun's, Panthers are only 78 points ahead in that division race and that real-time division race.
We want to get the people whipped up for some of Panther hockey tonight.
And now I head to Cosloft.
Cosloft ranked like spot check to the line, got around Adams, before he was knocked down.
Cabralite plays it in front of his own goal on a penalty kill.
Got it ahead to Adams.
Now you scavenger's into the rush.
The Panthers, you scavenger!
You scavenger's two-hackers in the short-handed goal and tied it in four.
Don't be with this game, but it doesn't try to take it free.
Chris Ditch has it.
Back in for Doni, he was knocked down and was in turn.
By looking for a six-hackers, pass it and intercepted by Antropos.
Antropos, Jolice!
Holy Muckle, 5-4 Toronto!
Six-hackers, 6-30, 6-30.
The goal is third-curious, 5-4 Toronto.
You stepped out for something to eat.
There's been what's going on in a very short amount of time.
Chris is still inside, just a little more.
They got to go back with that half-priced hit first to the left to a hockey lane.
A half-a-leaf-leaf-six to four.
What a goal.
I get high balls when I hear Joe Bowen.
Anyway, there's some great Panther highlights for it.
Six-four lost to the Maple Leafs a couple of months ago.
There was a game for it, baby.
12-15 at 5-50 WQAM.
Here's a plantation.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
I need to ask you a question if I could.
If there's certain time down here, AM radio-wise, let's say in the evening time.
Other than sports, you really don't have nothing down here.
There's two great alternatives though.
There's one that's called television.
And there's another one that's called a life.
Well, not a thing too.
Because seriously, how many people listen to Radio at night?
I mean, back in the old days when I was on the air, I used to have gigantic numbers at night.
But all the audience was over the age of 100.
I enjoyed falling asleep to it at night.
Oh, yeah.
First.
Right.
But I believe sometimes we're out came from.
We used to have like mysteries or horror stories or something you could do in.
Not anymore.
Okay, listen, great-gobersly.
You made three in nights, sir.
Pimmermengee, Amalia 9.
Oh, God almighty.
Man.
You know something.
Maybe after this, they get this bogus ball book out of the way our numbers are going to go soaring.
The only problem is the demographics will be just like WS News again.
We got all the old fights again.
Yeah, let's talk about suspense, huh?
And let's talk about all those Dick Tracy and all those other Dickson and Radio, huh?
Back in the old days when Radio was creative.
The Fred Allen show.
Anybody want to hear that?
No.
Life with Luigi.
Come on, let's go.
Let's reminisce about all the time radio.
What do you say?
No.
I'm going to get poker brand on here reminisce about all the old crap.
He's good at that.
He knows there's old crap.
Let's get Jean Rayburn on today.
Hi, let's get Jean Rayburn on the line.
Come on, Jean.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0.5, 60.
See, and it's just like this millionaire show that everybody's so excited about.
I will admit, like I said yesterday, quichos are addictive.
They get you hooked up because you can participate.
You can play along.
But there's a difference between good quichos and bad quichos.
And believe me, that regiasting, it is bad.
It is pathetic.
Well, let's say, let me call everybody in the phone book and see if they know the answer.
Here's for, not only is it multiple choice, but you get to call everybody in a guy named Country.
You got the audience is going to help you.
You got to eliminate three of the four questions and maybe you might get the answer right.
Emma, what is that?
What are the two colors of an Oreo cookie?
Black and white, pink and lilac, purple and the licorice, our chartreuse and mauve.
There is a question for you.
What I'm saying?
Is that a show or what?
It's big nail.
It's big in a boat.
Yeah, I know. We just get out of here.
And by the way, Notre Dame still sucks.
I like we just need a good guy and he deserves all the money in the world.
I mean, gee, the people think that that's a good show.
And the problem is that when your good shows were on, only us all far to remember that.
So let's reminisce about the good old shows.
No, let's not.
See, people who live in the past, like you silly, silly people with you, they think that talking about hockey is talking about stuff you saw 50 years ago, you know.
Let's talk about any show and let's talk about, you know, Bert Olmstein, not like good stuff.
And, oh, Harry, whatever his name was, that the gold vendor.
What that was his name?
Here's the guy who's playing crashed.
Bill Barilco.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
I just want to say if you would like to learn the other night, I am sick and tired of trying to be converted by the Christians, by these Jews for Jesus' free.
Yeah.
It's thickening.
I want the goyum to get off my back.
Exactly. All you goyum out there, get off our backs.
We got the tourist already.
And you people talk about it.
I got another question I want to ask.
Yes.
Tim Horton.
Yeah.
You must have lived in Toronto.
I'm from Buffalo.
No, I'm from Rochester, sir.
Hey, Buffalo.
Oh, all right.
I'm from Buffalo.
Yeah, Buffalo was like the anus of New York.
Yes, and...
Right on the New York State Department.
Yeah.
Although I do like Rick Jenner-Rent.
Isn't he great?
Yeah.
He's a vicious fellow.
He's your bow and he's the best.
And it's Jews for Judaism.
Jews for Judaism.
Okay.
Okay.
Happy poor him, pal.
Thank you.
Go on, Neil.
Someone says this is on the door and keep those goyum out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
On the AT&T, I told you that's a problem with America, man.
There's too many farbicitor goyum.
Am I right?
Uh-huh.
There you go.
I rest my case.
Yeah, let's talk about those good old shows, the green hornet.
That is great radio.
All right.
There you go.
Just happened to be there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, that guy before said he likes to fall asleep listening to shows on the radio.
Yeah.
Have you listened to that book, Xiaomi Show Talk, and baseball last night you had it fall asleep?
Why do we talk in baseball in the middle of January?
He's going to be on it too.
Today, call him up and rip him an ass.
Oh, that's bad as I'm belief.
Rip his fat ass and believe me, it could use a lot of rip and it's big.
Hey, you know something, there was a time when I had that.
The bookster has ballooned up.
His ass could be an apartment complex.
That's how big he is now.
Seriously.
Okay.
He's got the biggest back then in the Western world.
Hey, you know, there was a time when you were a dolphin fan.
Yes, that's true.
I bought my money.
I paid out of my own pocket for those great seats ahead on the 50-yard line.
Five years in a row.
I was there with Fat Rich and I were the first ones in the stadium every week,
early and it got to be really terminal.
I was like, you know, but you know something.
I jumped on them.
I can't stand them.
Okay.
I don't know why.
I jumped on a bandwagon with the Panthers.
You want me to explain you why I hate the dolphin?
I would.
I don't really like Marino because he's a great player.
He's making a lot of crap.
People who don't appreciate him.
But I don't really hate the team.
It's just that I can't stand the whole ambiance and the phoniness,
these front-running fans who know nothing about football,
nothing about sports.
That's what just turned me against the whole thing.
That happened with the Panthers when they made their runner a couple of years ago.
People jumped on the bandwagon.
What do you mean that happened?
It's all, it's already still going on.
Right, but you know what I'm talking about.
90% of those people there don't even know what a goddamn game starts.
Yeah, but you know what I'm talking about.
How are they doing down there?
How come they're all bending down?
What is it?
They don't know what's going on.
They're giving a scrum.
Is that what it is?
No, but you know something that Dolphin's been in this town longer than any other team.
Yeah.
They do have some fans that have been here a long time.
Yeah, I don't doubt that.
And the Panthers have some real fans too.
I'm sure they do.
But you know something, when we saw with the Panthers, I swear to you, I'm just hoping.
And I'm not a front runner.
I'm a Dolphin fan.
But if they do get by Jacksonville, they will pay a limit comparison of what happened with the Panthers and you four are going on a battle.
But listen to it.
Listen to me.
Listen to me.
I'm listening.
If they do, and I agree with you, they could.
Let me just say this.
I would have been shocked if they lost to Seattle.
Because I saw Seattle and I just came.
Seattle is, to say their girls team is an insult to women, okay?
Yeah, but yeah, listen.
Let me finish.
Okay.
I would have been shocked.
I will be surprised that they beat Jacksonville.
Because even though Jacksonville is in a very weak conference, they're not as good.
They're overrated.
The Dolphins are a very weak team.
I mean, you can keep repeating the same inferiority, the same problems they're running in.
They don't have any running in.
But the fact is, if they do squeak by, what is that really going to mean?
It's going to mean that the mediocrity is rising at the top because the National Football League is mediocre.
How many really good teams are there?
But how many good sports are there?
I mean, they're watering down every spry.
And maybe, and because of greed and expansion, which are synonymous, too many teams, there's only so much of a talent pool.
You can only divide it up so many ways.
But you know something to euphoria if they do get past this game.
You know something, this community, I've lived through all my life.
This community doesn't have much to cheer for.
What does that mean?
You know something to be nice?
You know something to be nice?
And I'm not going to give you any more money.
You know what I mean?
I'm excited.
I'm excited.
You can't just make orgasm, okay, I mean, well either you'll be a favorite faith in me.
Can you take it?
No, I will not.
Oh, thank you, come on, just let me rest him for saying, Mickey, s**t like s**t.
Exactly, have a great day, Sean.
Oh, even my fingers start to slip on a guy, and I can't.
Squared, squared, OK?
I'm not going to pretend, I'm running for Jacksonville, I'm sorry.
Is that making me a bad guy?
Uh-huh.
Too bad.
Let's go Jaguar.
My favorite team is whoever that often is are playing that week.
That's why I look at it.
I'm sorry and I'm not sorry. Why do I say I'm sorry?
That's just the way I feel because I've been turned around by the obnoxious. I listen to these
no brain assholes calling and ripping the jets fans and these fans here are some of the worst
drunks. Forget about the guy named Dolphins. That Panther game the other night. I've never seen it.
How many kings of beer? How many cases must you drink to enjoy yourself at a guy named Sporting
Event? That's the question. And we're talking people that wouldn't know Claude La Point from
what's the point? Okay. Hey La Point you're a failure. Yeah. That's you La Point.
Your mama. That's my comment user. Don't come back. Okay. Don't take it personal as you want to.
Go back to your guy. Then treat with your banjo and get out of our face.
And those assholes behind me. Well, I made $13 on GE this morning to share. But we're going to
go. The whole three periods never stopped for a second. Never took a breath. Never took a breath.
Were they talking about anything going on during the game? No.
No. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hola. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, how are you? I'm great. Good. Is this Neil?
This is Neil. It sounds like me. Yeah. It's on directly though. It sounds a little bit different.
Well, it's me, sir. Trust me when I tell you. I do. How good is that? Prove it. Yes, it does. Okay.
I, first of all, I wanted to say that I have a lot of respect for you. What you should? Yeah, I know
anybody can put up with this crap every day. You better believe it. For 24 years. You better
work it on your counter. By the way, sir, March 1st, 24 years in a town. I think that 24 years.
Well, I've been seen over nearly 100. I've been longer than you, Neil. Yeah, I was born here.
Right. I'm sorry. I apologize. Yeah, I hear you in callgables. You're all your own apology. Believe me.
I'm a half a century old, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. And I just wanted to say to you that, um,
you know, I've been listening on and off to you for quite a while. And, uh, like I said, there's a lot
of things that you do. They're fantastic. I feel like there's also some things that you do that,
are terrible. Yes. Offal. Yes. Fearless. Most scandalous. Oh, yes. I'm accepting. Yeah. So
what? Yeah. Well, basically, you know, you insult everybody. Yeah.
Yeah. Um, literally everybody. Uh, and you hurt my team. I love the dolphins. I'm a dolphin fan.
I'm going to leave you all my, I hurt your team. You think that their feelings are hurt? I doubt it.
No, you probably denounced my team. I publicly denounced them because I said that they suck
that our girls team. Well, you know, you know, that's true. Oh, no. Yes. No, no. Yes.
I mean, the answer is, and being a fan, you know, all those years have been a leaf fan for 42
years or in many, many, many of those years after 67 this team sucked. Now, I wasn't any less
of a fan, but I was honest enough to say, wow, this team sucks. See, against her, you're a classic
example of the so-called sports fans in his town. I keep trying to give this seminar on
ear over and over again, but you're having a little slow and don't want to catch on. Do you? Oh,
being a fan doesn't mean you put on blinders and pretend your team is good when they suck
when they're mediocre. You at least try to be a little bit objective. You root for them to win,
you lend them their tangible support, any emotional support, or whatever you want,
but you don't try to pretend yourself that they're great when they blow when they're mediocre at
death when they're embarrassing at best. And let me say it again, you ought to be God damn
doing your ol' Indomare blow up dial right now because if it wasn't for him, there wouldn't be a
China-man chance to be any playoffs. I don't care what anybody on this station says. If it wasn't
for ol' Indomare, this team being a goddamn little leagues. Anybody tells me, well, you only
plays a couple minutes of game. That's ridiculous. Game after game after game 51 yards, 48 yards,
47 almost goddamn automatic this kid. Does anybody give him any credit? No, because his name
a Danny and his name a Jimmy, that's why. And they don't understand the importance of having a
tremendously accurate outstanding field goal kicker. They don't get that. And all those years that I
went story out of it, you know, drive down to the 15-yard line, here comes Stoyle. Now drive down
to the 15-yard line, here comes Olindo. It's the same guy damn thing. It's the dead zone.
The dolphins in the dead zone. Why am I talking about this now? That guy sucked me into this.
Do I want to talk about this? No. They're talking about alien. I rather talk about aliens from outer space.
26 pass known at 560 WQN.
Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rowe, chapter 4, the Steve O'Seed. Weatening mornings of 6.
Only on sports radio 560 QAF. Floridian, dumb ad dirt.
We down in Jamaica in the crowd of beans. They got the best of her that you ever seen.
All right.
Okay.
Smoke.
Oh, we're fine.
Basically, but with all the money that we have made Jamaica doesn't need any foreign
No.
All right.
Cats
The.
Right.
Black and.
One night and then they spoke.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
Delighted up the spliff and smoke.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
Smoke got the smoke, smoke.
The country we could.
Alright.
Jamalon.
So anyway Eric, who never misses a thing with our new RRJs.com website and does a great
job from you know of Erica.
He says, going to be good is on the best of the 9798 part one which isn't sold out and
it says as soon as it is sold out it will be on the website.
That's why there's a link next to it that's his buy it and if you click on it it will take
you the center one, center one online store where you can buy it that's where the money
is going.
So that's what that was all about okay meaning buy it on the best of the 9798 but as soon
as that the thing is sold out it will be on the website.
We got it pal.
We want to call it before you got it.
Oh good.
Probably not.
Here's the facts from Tracy Sally and Jody of Gemma are distributes who are obviously
in a delusional state today probably Florida.
It says the United States government is who to stay in declaring the near extinction of
the Jacksonville Jaguars official spear that the Jacksonville Jaguars will become extinct
by late Saturday afternoon.
Yeah.
Although normal training activities continue throughout the day the future looks bleak.
So Tracy Sally and Jody of Gemma are distributors in the field beach.
You think the future is bleak for Jacksonville?
No.
No.
I mean if that game goes the way I think it's going to go which I really don't know because
I don't have crystal balls but if it goes the way I think it's going to go by like half
time you can all dolphin fans can come back home.
Turn around and go home.
I don't know if I'm very mistaken but you never know when you got mediocre teams when you
got like diluted town you never know who's going to show up on that day.
But if they play like they did against Seattle it's going to be really desperate baby.
In fact if they would have been playing any other team in the league except Seattle last week
even the new of McBlee Cleveland Browns if they would have played like that against any
other team in the league they'd have gotten their asses whipped.
It'd be all over.
There'd be no more.
And Jimmy and Danny.
No more of that.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line we got Boog Shobby coming along.
You two probably talking a lot of baseball I would think.
It's the season for it.
Okay she haven't noticed.
Here's a mobile implantation hello.
Happy Friday Neil and back to you.
I need a like can't wait till tonight so we can open up an even more secretary like
lead on Carolina 822 points.
Exactly right and my wife a girl that's been sick I mean for the last two weeks with this
horrible flu I mean it's really her real bad.
She gets whipped into an orgasmic frenzy when she sees a Whitney and Pablo hug right after
a goal.
Yeah I would think that would do it.
I mean she says she wants to be in the hug and I panther towel there every game.
Yeah I hear you and and Neil to a color of a few colors back actually it was many colors
back.
I put from the song you label me I label you and I dubbed the unforgiven.
Goodbye.
Okay anybody have any idea what he's talking about?
No.
No.
No we'll finger it out.
567 as a matter of fact if you think Ray Whitney looks good with that uniform you ought to
see him naked that's what Rimmer told me.
567 05 60.
05 60 on the AT&T line and 877 785 6345 better stop talking like that Rimmer they'll
ban you from the goddamn showers.
Here's a mobile in sunrise hello.
Yeah I understand you were talking about Luke Schaum earlier.
Yes.
That is that is as was as fat as the apartment complex.
Yes.
Well if I'm not mistaken wasn't Hank looking for a place to live not too long ago.
Yeah maybe he's got a spare spot for him.
Maybe he's got an opening.
Correct him.
Oh I don't say that that's bad.
Poor Boog.
567 05 60.
Maybe he's got a vacancy huh.
This week.
Oh boy.
I'm picking on poor Boog.
Okay listen it's just unhealthy okay I keep saying these things as he loses any weight
though.
Hank lost the weight at least he's kept it off okay.
But one thing about us really fat people you get to a certain point you lose 40-50 pounds
and then you're the same and it just stops and you try the atkins and the scatkins and
this and that and that doesn't work.
I found the worst real well it was like when you're prepping for those attack that I
did for a day and a half and you eat nothing at all and lose four pounds in a day and a
half.
Not my idea of like a steady diet that the great fleet possible soda man.
That's all.
What's up.
Keep your real busy you don't have time to eat.
Although I would have a feeling that Elle Goldstein probably could eat on the pot.
I can envision him sitting on the pot with a goddamn Salami sandwich.
Here's North Miami hello.
Yeah you're right easy and easy out with place.
That's right.
Listen you talk about the first time I'm still I need to bring it up shaking my head
about to go ahead with the mystery and the suspense god that was 50 years ago.
Yeah he wants to hear Fibram again.
I'm going to get it.
Every night at night of clock everyone's sitting around the right.
I'm going to go right here which would be so far.
We just have a big Filco a big white world radio you know one of those four model
jobs who's great.
Listen the guy that was the blind loyalty to the dolphins first off mediocrity that
you you got eight and eight teams of the playoff.
I mean that says right there.
How about those cowboys.
I put on a good show last week for about five minutes.
But you know you have to understand you just because you live here doesn't mean you're
a fan of the local team.
I mean I I commend people that are loyal and go to bed you know when they lose your
loyal but a lot of people here that you know they're not Miami fans and you just have
to live with that.
It isn't a big deal.
Somebody is a I grew up with the Baltimore Colts.
I mean the United States in those days but you know now I've been down here long enough
and that you know that's all accounts also I think I think Burry if he keeps it up is
on his way to an MVP year I really do.
But wouldn't surprise me.
Oh let's hope so.
He's worth the price of a mission.
Have a good trip.
Thanks.
Happy Martin Luther coon holiday to everybody baby.
As a matter of fact almost forgot about this in fact if he were still alive he'd probably
be pissed off about this.
The Catholic Church is going to make a decision they made.
They made him as a martyr.
How do you like that?
As a martyr.
Of course there's only 75 million martyrs but on May 7th Pope John Paul II that old fart
if he's still with us.
You're going to still be with us?
Well touching go.
He is going to plan to unveil this big list of people who are going to be designated
by the Vatican for a list of 20th century martyrdom.
Just another silly aspect of the Catholic Church.
I'm martyr.
We got saints we got martyrs we got silly people running around in dresses which m
up on her heads and some of them aren't even orthodox Jews.
21 before 1 at 560 W Q AM.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio 560s Q A holy cow errands coming.
All right now I got a little song here for the best rise in the world.
There she goes.
There she goes again.
To New York my friends my un-sightfulness explains her senate run champion.
All right now there she goes.
So far away from me but don't go worrying about me.
Well she can't find the day.
All for a day.
Hopefully she's going to fight it out.
Good news for you okay don't worry about the Boogster.
He was just in here and haven't seen him in much.
He's lost some weight.
Lost some weight.
I've gone air boog.
So I've got that strange orange here but he's a good guy.
Just a little on the heavy side.
Lost some weight I think I can't go to the vacancies closed.
560s Q560, 0.560, 0.560 plus he wouldn't want to put up with Hank's decorators.
Where we going let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good sir.
You were talking about fans.
I've been a cowboy fan since I was about 8 years old and they stopped this year.
I'm not afraid to admit it.
Right.
And if these all from fans would just admit it once in a while they'd mind me stocking.
So I just been perplexed by the whole ambiance of being a sports fan here in South Florida.
So they don't get it.
They don't know what it means.
I've been a cowboy fan.
We should have never been in the playoffs this year.
And I'm not afraid to admit it.
I mean we need to get better and do.
I mean if they want it once in a while.
Hey great.
I've had people call me up over the years and say to me,
oh so and so our team sucks this year.
Who should we root for this year?
I mean what is that?
What kind of thing is that?
I mean the time when Danny White was there he's stocked and we had Hose of Boom and he's stocked.
Yeah but Danny looked pretty good after that.
Yeah that's right.
I mean if you can't play good at least look good that's what I've said.
And if you can't look good smell good.
And of course you're streetman and he can't do any of those things.
I'm from Rochester, Virginia.
Alright I'll see it Dona Bob's.
Alright man you have a double.
See it in the car hose.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
Yes, sir. One of your long-term calls. I met on listeners as a listening ever since she was on whammy. Oh my god. Yeah, but I'm a black
listener. I'm not afraid to many and I have a and I know you have a yeah, but you got a off-beat sense of
human that's what I like about to show because you call my lucid cool day cool day. I want to live you know he wouldn't
end this point. He's not going to mind you know. I don't mind either you know. I just wanted to call you
let you know that I've been on your website yesterday. Yes sir. And your website is the OPE dough and I'm going to get
your stuff. All right because I got a brother because I told him that you know he was homosexual. He
don't like it but hey hey I'm here to do a stuff. He's probably a closet bag anyway. Yeah but anyway you know
me personally I'm I'm here to do a sexual but I like to show I don't care what you are. I'm here to do it. But you know
you got the most outrageous of the human you cracked me up with those with those son of a subscriber. Yeah
and then what it goes no one left. Oh yeah. Yeah. I want to know what the uh uh Mr.
No. Yeah. Yeah. If that's how the feed ease and the cassette you have asked you. Yes sir.
The year before the 97 98 you had a one cassette and one CD maybe do you see you can do that
and since Bokobryan does most of your uh bit right and that man is a trip. I think he is for the
lot of him. He's a he's a crazy person. Yeah. Um why don't you have like a CD devoted to most of
your stuff and get hot man and animal in everybody else you know they can have a little bit but he does
most of your stuff and I was hoping that uh he would do something about um he'd do a song about like
the Haitian fight or what have you know with the Cuban fight and all that stuff you would do
something with the Haitian fight. Um does Bokobryan has a CD out anything I can get through some
one of the things he actually does but uh you know something he made a CD about uh two years ago
and it's all about four copies it was a bomb not like they wasn't debon it was a bomb like the ones
that are Rocha me you know but uh you know that's a good idea maybe we can do that and put it on
our website and sell a few because you can you know what else it was I wouldn't mind if I get I
actually get the ill Bokobryan on one of your shows maybe you can have them coming on you so
one day now you know now you can carry the way you don't want to get that depressed have a
great day pal no I think you'll see you we don't want to wipe this smile off your post I mean he's a
very funny guy but he's very depressing you know what I say five six seven oh five sixty here's
a call from lost angel is hello hello Neil yes sir how are you this is Bob I spoke to you about a
month or two ago and I just had a couple of things on my mind today I know you're getting off
in about ten minutes so we can make a quote I'm looking forward to that well I yeah of course you are
you know what I mean let's see Rochester I did some investigation in your old family coming back
what is it uh don't stir in the coldgate chafe clean man yeah he was born in Rochester on July
the first nineteen oh seven yeah and then he got he got the how about that you're about all those
other old uh Graham yeah well there are two but the only colony come on let's get out of here
pal and find the build a Turner Bob Turner whatever his name was on w.w.w.w. champ do we want to talk
about old class we don't want to talk about old time crap don't you understand I'm an old time
fart but I don't want to live in the past nobody wants to hear those things god bill stern man what
time does the Stern sure on by the way bill we're talking that Howard bill stern great boxing
announcer too by the way oh Jesus well where do these old fossils come from today it's like a
a magnet thing like we we had a an old fart magnet out there in radio land and maybe they're the
only ones who can hear the single they let's all let's do a remote from sunrise lakes what do you say
here's a lady in four-letter hall hello hi Neil how are you okay I hope you enjoy your weekend here
it will be great great I just wanted to say I can't wait till tonight's panthers game I'm an
avid panthers fan right like that guys wife that was on the phone earlier yeah saying how he loves
she loves seeing beret and Whitney hugging back at me going to uh-huh and what gets me going even more
I mean that they do a lot of squeezing in the showers too is what I'm here I mean that's just a rumor
oh I'd love to have it told me that an online camera for that yeah um but another thing that gets me
going is watching beret on the bench or after getting a gold towing on his gum yeah oh my good you
like snapping it and the gum too I know you watch out because Anna corner holly is going to get
very upset if you keep this up oh well I'm sure that he has a very happy girlfriend I heard
you got a big stone is what I heard surgery on Monday have a great day sweetheart you too go
panthers okay they got beat those hercones tonight bad schedule by the way the schedule is
you're really sucks have they played the herc I don't think we played them have we oh yeah we lost
up there then we lose one game to the hercones we did five six seven oh five sixty pond five oh here's
porker and pepper pine so hello and Neil yes sir Neil God we love you and fine of course listen I met
you the other night at the game I was sitting right in front of those red nights you've been talking
about oh my god could you believe that the best thing about in what you say about I had these
two older guys behind me all they talked about was their their their futures and pick
out of these and how much money they're making all week yeah I had too much bucks behind me I keep
telling this story but I still can't believe it and then the third guy one of their friends
sat on the edge of the step there and during half of a period of pop pop pop pop and nothing
new with the game they weren't watching the game yeah I wonder where what was going on oblivious why
are they there why are they there the best thing about it though with the red next they kept
yelling kick them in the balls kick them in the balls and then the one guy goes hey show me your balls
yeah everybody turn around and look at them and then you have to get up and leave what is that
title yeah hey we love you Neil take care and back to you yeah I know some guys like that show me
your balls what does that say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
we're just we're gonna have a big sign up there right at scoreboard starting with the when I come
back next week and it's gonna say we're glad that you're here where you appreciate your water ticket
to get enough you want to screw around and pay no attention to the game go on the lobby we got a
big beautiful lobby I think maybe we got a subsidized because Wayne's a little short on cash
these days without dying stock is and that auto nation but maybe it's subsidized some benches
out there some picnic benches few gigs of beer out there just just go have a party out there we
don't want to take away your good time we just want to watch the game all two or three thousand of
us who are interested we would just like to watch the game thank you here's North Miami hello hey
you're you've said something about Bill Clinton that you're you're still forming I got news for
you this old farx forum too uh-huh we got to get out and a streak ourselves and
if possible we're electing for it there you go look that that's a good idea let's do away with that
thing let's have congress pass a lot of course that's right you're tall we got this good Republican
Congress and put him in there for a third time is there is there anybody out there there
there or do you want to get quick again no uh nobody out there's got to have a huge guy
picture at okay that's what Monica says and of course and go and figure what what's your name
said too she said it's crooked and that points off to the left to the far left
Paula oh god learned that was some show they had on last night what's the guy's name that wrote
that new book now Jeffrey tuban that's his name tuban tobin whatever it is and of course it was a
right wing conspiracy but to me they don't want to tell you that because then that well they don't
want to see two liberals you know they've been they've been duly uh right wing eyes by uh Jerry
Falwell and all of Pat Roberts and all these other right wing assholes oh I don't want to start
saying fascist again because they'll get that tongue all upset again you know I don't want to say
that Ronald Reagan was the fascist or that George Bush Jr. is the fascist or that his brothers
he'd even bigger fascist or that Rudy Giuliani is the Nazi or that Ken Jenny is the biggest of them all
you know Ken Jenny he's an asshole yeah he's related to a Moss Ragnarado and the best part of it
is most people in the audience don't even know who Tomas Ragnarado is which I think is great that's
a good sign here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing great uh
talking about the uh Ajo I was stuck like all law-biting citizens I was stuck in Flagler 5.7
and I did have a chance I didn't have a chance to uh notice uh this gentleman know
that was on television which is right a lot of he was like he's an animal yeah yeah a
confrontation with the police and then as soon as that happened and finished he got on the phone
and I know my window he was saying I overheard him saying did you see me did you see me on TV I go what
is this guy so I see him on TV I know who the other guy is it's incredible another thing when
they were doing that demonstration and stuff I didn't notice there was uh some uh American
citizens with uh he had a Confederate flag and a banner says Eddie and go home and the police
stopped them and I'm saying to them so why would these Cubans can do can demonstrate what can
these people just express themselves either yeah so I was I was baffled and uh this is the American
freaking way I'm asking for you I love you to recall us up we'd have gone down there and played
Dixie for you okay all right have a great day we'd have gone on South Dixie and played Dixie can
you play Dixie no can you play that no no no no don't forget what George Bois Jr said and all
his other right wingers they said hey we'll leave it up to the people South Carolina if they want
to have that Nazi I mean that Confederate flag up there which I don't know about you but as I'm
driving around the streets of this town realizing that we are way down here in the deep south in
this peninsula the six down in the Caribbean and I see these guys with their pickup trucks with
those rebel flags on there I think to myself yeah every time I see one I think that same thing
yeah next my uh rectum itch but hey to each its own here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale hello
hi Neil yes ma'am I realize this isn't one of your best of oldies shows or anything like that
but I keep hearing how funny that sofa king song is uh that commercial you did yeah if you could
play that would be wonderful if not is it on your website maybe I could hear about that what
think it probably is I just hear that is the funniest thing or in fact it's probably not on the
website because it's on the last year's best of Neil or this year it's on one of them and I
order that on the website sure can you watch us dot com okay great thank you thank you
have a great weekend you too how to Martin Luther coon okay that's uh oh that's great 1256 at
560 WQM got I feel like a human being almost this is sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale
uh
oh
so
Tell me, little Ricky's dying to come home, tell me, little Ricky has something to show ya.
He would blow you away, get you a runny, had to say, and Ricky wants you to get a little slow-suffer.
Tell me, little Ricky says, you will be the job.
Tell me, little Ricky's always thinking of ya.
He wants to be a boy, can't us much much of a joke, and right, you know that Ricky would try to pull ya.
Tell me, little Ricky's really wants to do ya.
Tell me, little Ricky wants to take you to ya.
Daddy, your kind of guy, he told me I do fly, and Ricky wants you in on any go-sa.
Tell me, little Ricky's trying to get me a ya.
Daddy, your friend, he wants you to be a boy, and Ricky wants you to be a boy.
Tell me, little Ricky's dying to come home, tell me, little Ricky has something to show ya.
He would blow you away, get you a runny, had to say, and Ricky wants you in on any go-sa.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I'm doing great.
Well, I just wanted to tell you that I started listening to you like two days ago.
You're in my job.
Great.
And that I think that you're right, and I really like you, and you know, I like how you are, you're straight out.
Well, I'm not so straight, but I am out.
Okay.
I heard that, I heard that, but that's okay.
Right, it's still love you.
That's right.
All right, ma'am.
What do you think of Enrique Iglesias?
He can't think for sh**.
I take back what I said before about the best call of the year so far.
Nice call in sweetheart, that was the best.
Evidently a big Enrique friend, that was nasty.
I think George put her up to that.
I think you were responsible.
Anybody got message for Enrique?
Yes, his death was a must've, and he was that kind of person.
I don't want to hear this piece of crap all of a sudden.
Oh.
Oh.
Call Carlton sweetheart.
I move the electric by the way, if you're going to last a minute.
This is a rip off.
Good.
Great.
Any fingers?
Yeah.
You can do it.
You can go.
That was a...
Oh, no hurry white for me, I'm sorry, too black.
Here's the best record ever made, because I can find it.
Okay, here's a four-letter mail call.
Hello.
Yeah, this is Sam.
Yes?
What's going on?
How you doing, sir?
All right.
I started listening to you when you first came on QAM.
And...
You were still there a week later?
Yeah, it was like last week.
So I heard your name like on the countdown that they were having the daily countdown two days ago.
Right.
So I said, let me listen to you.
You never really introduced yourself.
I kind of like...
I'm starting to pick things like you might be gay, might be Jewish.
Right.
Might be fat.
Right.
Might be getting old.
Right.
What are...
Might be making a lot of money.
You didn't really tell us that you played somewhere else before you came here or how it all started.
I didn't really think it was gay.
In the beginning.
Excuse me?
I said have a great day pal.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
We don't have time for me to tell the whole extra.
At least he's enjoying the show.
He found out he's a little depressed about it obviously.
Here's Tom V.
Hello.
How you doing?
You're great.
All right.
Yeah.
I just want to say, you know, basic math started listening to your show because you come on after the first team.
And just before hate comes on.
Right.
You know, you sell a lot of things that are like kind of our controversy.
You know, when I'm listening, I like to call them and you know, challenge some of the things that you say just to make sure they don't go on challenge.
Right.
And the process is listening to them.
I'm still wondering and waiting.
Like, when are you actually going to bring something to the table?
Interviews?
Yeah.
We don't do interviews.
You know, you're almost never have guests.
This is my show.
What do you mean bring something to the table?
What I bring to the table is the neorodger show.
We give people a few labs, a little bit of provocation.
I mean, why do I want to be the same as everybody else's damn show?
Why would I want to do that?
Well, actually taking from a different perspective, you wouldn't necessarily have sports guests.
You know, our people.
But, you know, here's another, you're a new listener, right?
And already, this is the fifth or sixth day I'm on this station.
And here's another guy that's programming the show for me.
Yeah, I'm not programming the show.
Of course you are.
I don't want, what guest will you like me to have on?
I used to have guests on.
I used to do topics for years in this town and was number one in doing that.
And you know, something that was as boring as smelling paint.
It was worse than that.
Well, I'm not boring as eating vanilla ice cream.
Well, I'm not saying you have to have national...
Who would you like to hear?
I'm not saying you have to have national events.
Well, but, you know, I'm actually even worse because in this town,
if you think there's interesting people to interview in this town,
give me 100 names immediately.
Come on, let's hear them.
You got sure you got that.
But this is not a sport show.
You got Wayne Heiseng.
Oh, this is not a sport show.
I'm not going to get on any of that.
Wayne Heiseng.
Wayne Heiseng has other...
You know, come on this show.
Why do you never know?
And I wouldn't have him on this show.
I'm not going to come on here and lick his butt.
Why don't you get one?
Don't you get one?
If you could get it, I want all these radio stations around here.
And find out why it is that he brought you over to the station in the first place.
You wouldn't want to hear him.
Well, you could never get him to show up.
Anyway, if we call him right now, he'd never return the call.
Well, I don't know.
The one call it in the casino.
Let me ask you something.
Has the guy that owns this station or is the manager?
Does he have a show?
No.
Okay.
The show will have a radio show.
The show will have a studio.
You used to have one.
No, no.
But that was just for the football team.
But does he have a radio show?
Radio show.
No, he does.
Does Wayne Heiseng have a radio show?
No, it's one of the...
You want to know why?
Why don't you get in there?
They're not entertaining.
They're boring.
They're boring people.
I'm not saying they have to be on the show every day.
The last moment.
They're never going to be on the show.
You could take...
Listen, if you want to make some serious money, you can take it to the bank right now.
Those people that you just mentioned will never, ever be on the show.
Let me just say this.
The call that they call beforehand was kind of...
I don't know...
...in Somalia or something.
But he brought up a good point.
I have been listening to you, but you've never really made it clear to your audience in terms of what your format was.
Well, of course, if you listen to the show, you find out it's just a free wheeling.
We just do it.
It's what it is.
It's not a format.
Okay, I will be one of these callers that would definitely keep you up...
Keep me on my toes.
Excellent.
Excellent.
I don't like ass kisses.
I like people like you that want to keep me on my toenails.
I want to appreciate it.
Okay, thanks.
I'll read you.
There's one thing that I have no respect for.
It's ass kissers.
I have friends of mine.
I don't want to mention anybody's name on the air.
I have friends of mine who are very good friends, but they tend to be ass flickers.
They start.
Well, I don't want to mention a rumor by name.
He's out of town.
He can't defend himself.
He tends to be because he works for the organization.
It's easy to kiss ass, and it's also easy to knock somebody when they're not around
and then have them on the show for an interview and kiss their ass when they're right in front of you.
Anybody can do that.
Now, what is that?
That can't be heard.
Are you serious?
That's the real one.
Here's that bitch in Gainesville.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
This is a long distance, so you better make it worse my while.
I better make it worse your while?
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah, Closet Lister is what we heard from Daddy yesterday.
He said you were a real pain in the ass and you go to...
He said when you were a gator when he told me that I knew you had an excuse.
No, no.
I'm a gator, but I'm a cane also, so you know what I'm thinking of doing?
Double-birled.
Yeah, you got real problems to over.
No, I don't got no problems.
So we pay for everything we said.
You do?
Yes.
No, but it doesn't bother me.
Fucking bitch.
Exactly.
One more time.
So you're up there today and you're really missing being down here here in the show, right?
Yes.
I know something.
You missed some good hemorrhage talk today too, by the way.
Hemorrhage and foot fetishes.
You missed all the good stuff.
Isn't there anything nice that you could talk about?
No.
Like hockey.
No, we're not talking about no hockey.
Okay, that's the pansies.
We're talking about really manly stuff like hemorrhage.
How can I get you to do it?
Like big, gripping, oozing hemorrhage.
Can you take a second to the board?
Could you?
I don't think so.
And how about you?
I could.
I could take a check to the bank.
I do every couple of weeks.
A big one.
Well, where's mine?
Yeah, I don't know where yours is.
In fact, I would look deep inside your elbow.
You might find it.
Oh, geez.
Have a nice life, sweetheart.
Okay.
Thanks for calling.
Bye.
Just like I said, just like this asshole we'll call him
a minute ago about how to ice sleep and take a big check and boring his hell, which he should
live so long.
And then the guy that called earlier on the morning show about, you know, what else can he listen to
between 10 and 2 and then heard that call when she was down here a few days ago complaining in
the belly aching about how gross and hemorrhoids and so on.
They can't turn it off for love or money.
And I know that.
I know that.
So if you think that you're fooling me, I've been doing this too long.
You can't con a con artist.
And if it makes you feel better that you protest like, oh, this is garbage and you would listen to it.
How could you be calling me if you weren't listening to it?
Why would anybody?
I've asked this many, many times.
I'll ask it one more time.
Why would anybody in their right mind, anybody with even the most minute semblance of a life call any radio show and
express their dislike for it instead of just reaching over and selecting any of the other six million choices that they might have
or going and playing my junk or playing with themselves or doing whatever they wanted to do?
I mean, we're talking about people with very, very, very serious life deficiencies, people who are life challenged.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. Welcome back in the air.
Thank you, sir.
I agree that clear channel communication puts tax on the shame.
Yeah.
Now, could you please could you play that phone call from Phil Henry your head last last year?
About what?
About him being in Los Angeles.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, it's coming right up.
You know, six years ago, George, we had a really great call from Moishi Puppa.
Can we get that on right away?
Okay, pal, just hang in there.
Show up and throw something.
Oh, do we miss Phil Henry, man?
Do we miss him?
We had a thing going on at station.
All we needed was a real morning show.
I'm sorry, Rick.
I mean, I'm sorry, I said all we needed was a dynamic.
If we had Bob and Tom in the morning on it, can you imagine George, listen to me for one second, it would be a first.
If we would have had Bob and Tom in the morning, who are now becoming syndicated.
And Phil in the afternoon, could you imagine we would have had double digit shares.
Even if that boy would have been able to sell low shows.
But thank God we got this sale department here.
Well, you were right about that.
Woo, we you were right about these guys.
You know, you meet them in the beginning before I started here.
They all seem very nice and like very pleasant people and very friendly and very happy to have me here.
And now we've only been here a week and I'm realizing that this is like a mix everything in the past, pale into wind significance.
I mean, clueless and shoeless.
They haven't got any concept of what copy is about, of what any of it is about.
Much less selling any spot.
You wouldn't want to buy no spots.
We'll get night and think so.
Have a nice day though.
Oh my God.
They're going to take us back in those days of yesterday when you know when QAM had those point twos.
I mean, we might have big numbers, but we'll be selling it like those days.
It's an Apple celebration and they're all out on the street.
See them on the sidewalk.
We'll hear them shuffling in the feet.
There's 28,000 apples.
You know, an apple from the native.
Get the size of good people there's an apple from the rain.
We got the apple freedom.
The apple of the mind.
The apple for Jesus.
The apple for God.
The apple for justice.
The apple of the mind.
The apple for the apple.
The apple of the mind.
The apple in the foot of the mind.
The apple of the mind.
The apple of the mind.
We've got apples making money.
We've making all the rules.
We've taken all our jobs.
We've never given them apart to others.
We've got apples on the water.
We've got apples on the sky.
We might have the same amount of money.
We've got apples on the ice.
I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you
I'm so excited to see you, I'm so excited to see you
I told them I'm not dying, they just lay in the bed,
and they just multiply me.
And so come on in, and so come on in, and so come on in.
And so she was there, and there, and so come to the bed.
20,000, and so come on in, and I'm so come on in.
And the side could keep going, and so come on in.
I should have been on what's your beef this morning.
That would have been good.
Boy do I have a few beefs today baby.
We don't want to get started on a negative note.
Oh man, just in the last 24 hours I got enough beefs to fill up a goddamn encyclopedia.
By the way, Erica, you're another one of my beefs, the last color on the worst team this
morning with her beef being me, which is fine.
I mean, if you don't like the show, you got a lot of company, there's plenty of people
don't like it, can't handle it, emotional cripples.
But guess what sweetheart, this is in the sports show.
It never was, and it's never gonna be, and I told you that the very first self same day.
And guess what, it's also not a sports station anymore.
They haven't figured that out yet, and some of the promos and whatever, but it's not a sports
to all sports.
It's mostly sports as in 20 out of 24 hours, which is five six, which is a hell of a lot, 80
over 80%.
What is that 83% something like that?
Who knows?
And more than enough, trust me when I tell you, more than enough.
Believe me when I, especially in this market, much more than enough.
So Erica, I hate to break the news to you sweetheart, but before you start squeezing your
colostomy bag too tight, build it all bent out of shape because I didn't come here like
on a wing in a prayer begging on my knees for a job.
They hired me to come here and do the Neoroger show.
Absolutely not a sports show because sports, I know this may come as a real shock to you,
sweetheart.
But it only appeals like on a steady diet of it to a very narrow number of people out
there to a narrow segment, especially in this town, which is basically as far as sports
and most other things concerned for running phonies.
Erica, but have a nice life sweetheart.
But at any rate, you know, see, I did hear early in the end, in fact, we were still in
here.
I was in this room and I heard another one of the emotional cripples.
You know, for all these macho, including the women out there, these dikes who are big
in the sports, all these macho people that allegedly are listening to the station, we
got more emotional cripples.
It's terrifying to me.
First it's the language.
Oh, it's so crudely so disgusting.
You know, yeah, they're offended.
They can't turn it off and they're still listening right now.
Every damn one of them, but they're offended.
That's number one.
And number two, this emotional cripple that caused yesterday and Maddice was going on
about.
He's been out of town and who's Neil been ripping and what has he been saying?
And the guy calls and says, well, you know, he reprinches Diana.
I thought this guy was going to break into tears.
And Maddice said, well, I can easily understand that, especially with the, you know, they're selling
tickets to go see her gravesite and stuff.
And the guy says, yeah, but she did a lot for the poor.
I mean, doesn't, I know you don't want to think about this, folks.
It is a downer.
I don't want to be a downer real early in the morning.
We try to have a few laughs here, but I do try to force some people to take a look at
reality.
It's not for too long because it's an ugly thing.
And then just let's go back and have a few of y'all.
Exactly.
But I mean, doesn't it terrify you that there are so many people with that same idiotic
mentality?
She did a lot for the poor mother Teresa, for whom I had no love to say the very best.
But nevertheless, that wrinkled up old prune bitch, nevertheless mother Teresa allegedly
devoted her entire adult life into helping the poor, the downtrodden, the needy, the desperate,
the disease, the what and mother Teresa died the same weekend as Diana, a couple of days
later as a matter of fact, all wrinkled up in the shrivel up of a three feet tall over
there in India with all the shleppers, the shleppers and the leppers.
And how much time did she get?
Are they paying to go see mother Teresa's grave if she's got one?
If they didn't just burn the thing and put it through it in the sea somewhere, nobody
gave a flying crap about mother Teresa because she was wrinkled up old bag.
Who wasn't glamorous, huh?
She wasn't a snappy dresser.
And guess what?
She wasn't being followed by the paparazzi either.
She wasn't.
You never saw mother Teresa on the front of the tabloids.
The inquirer and the globe, the tatler and the star never had no big inside scoop on
mother Teresa.
There were no naked pictures of mother Teresa on a yacht somewhere sailing with some big
Greek or Arab maggot as in the case of Aristotle and Assis or this doobie doobie, whatever his
name was, I mean get serious already.
Maybe they were doing a few doobie doobies on the yacht.
Maybe that was the problem or not enough.
Is the case maybe, although he was in a much more exotic thing that Arab bastard.
But at any rate, I mean, is it difficult for you to understand that Diana, Princess of
Nothing was basically nothing and all of these wonderful charitable things that she did
were scheduled for her.
Do you think that Diana really had a great social conscience about landbines?
Do you think that she was really very concerned about all the innocent kids and people who are
going to get killed by landbines?
Because the world is a slaughterhouse.
She auctioned off her dresses.
Right.
Well, she's just like that spit over there.
It's auctioned and it's a sell them off all the furniture from that houseboat.
Well, he's talking to that thing.
How do you know that?
You're right.
You know, you're right.
Of course he is.
So what's wrong with that?
It's America.
It's free enterprise.
It's just like you'll do Shay.
By the way, great column.
And I never read the hero, but it happened to be sitting outside.
I came in here real early this morning.
Carl Hyacin, for whom I have the lowest regard, by the way, so overrated with all of his
alligator stories, but has a great column about the immigration priorities are warped.
And right next to it was a big thing.
Red carpet for Duque, Duce, a sore point.
So they're finally starting to get the message that this whole thing.
And it ties in with what I said about this, this, this idolization of mediocre and even
people who aren't even mediocre, people who are less than mediocre.
Who would you do the Lord for the poor?
Okay.
So does that mean that they had a, I can understand the British and have no problem at all understanding
that they've always been very silly people and they continue to be the silliest people
who are desperately locked into this archaic monarchy crap.
They can't escape from it.
They're in a trap.
No matter how much they would like to escape from it.
So she at least represented them a, an almost human part of that monarchy.
She was almost somebody they could like, oh, here's a real person.
But for the rest of the world, including this idiot that called Mad Dog yesterday to get
all the, oh, she was so much with the poor and his ripeter.
I wasn't ripping around ripping the people that are getting all bent out of shape like
he was.
Who gives a flying crap about Diana, even Robert Duval and network wasn't in such a
big hurry to talk to her.
And I remember, so I'll get back to you, Diana.
He wasn't in no big hurry to talk to that bitch.
One of your people is going to get with it.
Oh, but isn't it going to be a sports show?
Can we hear a little more about the Yukon?
Yeah, I got some sports stuff to talk about.
It's called the big choke.
He was playing the lando el pollo para ac.
He was playing the lando.
Yes, sir.
I was cooking my breakfast in a second.
Hey, let me just see that you just came last night.
Wasn't that great?
No, I hear you didn't.
But you know, it was princess Diana, right?
Yeah.
You know, people, they're so simple as they can.
It shouldn't even have a job.
Yeah.
Well, that's what she's supposed to do.
Why'd she never still afraid to rain?
You know, I bet you she had somebody
to shower in the morning.
I mean, she didn't.
She also did a lot of puke in two, which kept her
doing it.
I thought you're out of trouble.
It's just unbelievable.
Mother Teresa, you know, you look at all the stuff
she's done through her whole life.
Well, supposedly.
But I mean, I just use that as an example
because she croaked the same weekend.
And they gave her 20 seconds every couple of hours
just as lip service because nobody cared about that.
This business, oh, well, she did all these good things.
There are many thousands, maybe millions of people
around the world who do far better things
than Diana ever dreamed of doing.
And nobody ever hears of them.
And no matter how and when they die, there won't be any parades.
There won't be any gigantic ceremony.
There won't be anything on CNN or MSNBC or CNBC.
Or any other goddamn place or the BBC
because it's a pile of horse crap.
And for the American public or anybody else outside of England
to get all wrapped up in it and get all weeping and emotional,
there must be something wrong.
There is not must be.
There is something desperately wrong with the public.
I mean, talk about having too much idle time on your hands.
Well, you said it better than I could.
Have a great day.
See you later.
I agree.
How is it possible for there to be so many stupid people
in this world?
Only once out Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're a listening to it.
Hey, Goldberg, weekday after noon to 2.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is The Neil Rogers Show.
No.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Here's the western.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Those gypsies in Italy, they're the same ones that come over here and steal our wallets
in the mall.
No.
They're different?
Different gypsies.
But they look, I don't know.
Same family.
They're all related.
No, they are.
I had one of them trying to rent my house once.
He pulled up in a Mercedes.
He was real smooth talking to about 12 people in the car.
He was just buying all my appliances.
I got a little nervous.
Have you seen a guy who shot that guy in the parking lot?
The guy who shot that guy in the parking lot?
The security guard.
The security guard who shot that guy over a parking space.
Oh, that happens here all the time.
That's not an amazing guy.
Yeah.
Well, you know, on the news, they were talking to all the people in that shopping center.
And they were all saying how this guy was a time bomb, how he was a...
This was going to happen.
They're happy he's gone.
Next day in the herald, they were talking about this guy.
Like he got the most Christmas gift.
He was beloved.
There were two different stories with the same thing.
Right.
Well, it's just like this Eldouch story.
Within the same newspapers, there were all these glowing stories about how wonderful this is.
And this liberation of this wonderful guy who's been screwed over over there.
Because his brother implicated him in this thing about the flea in the country.
And Yadiyadi and kicked off the national team.
And now he's going to come here and live the American dream and make all this money.
And then the same paper, if you turn later on, you'll read the real story about how what a ripoff it is.
And about how all these other people...
Carl Heissens got a story in a column today in toward the end.
He talks about a woman in Cuba that he had met.
And she's a doctor.
And she specialized in caring for children and the elderly.
And she was given by the Cuban government of salary equivalent to about $5 a month.
$5 a month.
And he makes the point that she, under no circumstances, would ever be allowed to be come into this country.
Never be granted a visa.
And if she had been one of those eight people who washed up into Bahamas,
they would send a rasc factor and she would want to go to Castro as Jails.
Yeah.
So these people...
It's this idol...
It's so frustrating to me because most of these Jocks are morons.
They're scumbags.
They're crass.
They're crass.
They're garbage.
Yeah, white feeders and drug addicts and garbage.
And yet these people with this Jock mentality, like Tyson.
And like Michael Irving and all these other...
It makes no difference what they do.
The Jock mentality people, they still admire them and they subsidize them and epitomize them.
They support them.
There's something wrong here, man.
Yeah.
Something very, very wrong.
In fact, they left one guy behind there that I saw in the news and he was even speaking English.
He should get in.
There you go.
Can I call my wife a douchebag or something?
Kelly, you're a home and garden network love and douchebag.
Home of douchebag.
Okay, I have a rich PayPal.
I'll be with her.
I'll be with her.
Let's go to a key West.
Yes, please.
Yes, please.
I'm one of your biggest fans.
But why aren't you ripping the assholes on your station?
I'm at Phil Henry was much too kind to the X-Jocks.
And Jim Mandage has lost his sense of humor.
Jim Mandage is great.
Jim Mandage is God.
No, no.
He lost his sense of humor.
Jim Mandage is great.
Yeah, but he lost his sense of humor and he's become a surly, serbian, epitomized.
I think that you should rip all these guys.
Oh, so you're another one that's going to call and tell me what I should be saying.
Is that it?
No, no.
That's what you're doing now.
You should rip manage and you should rip off.
I'm going to do my opinion as I think manage is great.
You'll find out for yourself.
Okay.
I'll find what out?
Well, you'll find out that Jim Mandage has lost his sense of humor.
Okay, he's become an hour's.
Shandas.
You've turned.
You've shut off.
Wait, don't call him.
You've turned.
That's not me.
That's Mandage.
You've turned.
You've shut off.
Get out of here.
You've seen I, old fart.
I tell you, I don't want to talk to these old guys.
They all got hearing aids.
Get out of here already.
Will you?
Man, oh man.
Go back to New York.
I'm telling you, the worst dregs want to, they keep giving them mayor credit.
You know, Julianne.
Got nothing to do with Julianne.
They got all the dregs out in New York and they sent them here.
That's why the city's a lot better shaped now than it used to be.
They got all the swill out of there and they sent it down here.
Like this guy.
Go back to the Bronx, okay?
Maybe Nikki Madel will come back from the dead and hit a home run over your head.
Get out of here, pal.
Get lost.
Maybe Lou Gehrig will come back for one more big one.
For one more consecutive game.
For one more being the luckiest man under the earth.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for telling the truth about Sunny Bono.
I've been sick to death of all this adulation.
He's the first class jerk, his own ex-wife's share.
Right.
He seems so much.
He won't even mention his name.
Right.
I mean, you know, somebody dies.
It's always unfortunate, especially if it's a celebrity of any kind.
I mean, to get a little more attention.
But to carry on and you will judge this guy like this guy was, oh, he was such a great member of Congress.
And he was such a great human being.
And of course, such a great pioneer in television and a great singer.
This guy was mediocre at best.
Well, he ran from there, Palm Springs.
He's the one that led the way on cleaning up the spring break stuff.
They copied it in Fort Lauderdale after him.
Right.
You know, there's a lot of people out of there, right?
There was one great scene I watched on TV in Southern California where they were actually loading women who were wearing thongs,
because he told the cops to arrest any women in thongs out on Palm Canyon Drive and Palm Springs during spring break.
Yeah, eight off a little bit proud.
They were loading him into Patty wagons.
And of course, the guys who already outnumbered the spring break partyers who already outnumbered the women three to one.
They were angry because more of their women were getting taken away and they were going to have to end up getting drunk and doing it with their buddies that night.
Yeah.
But there's actual police barricades along there.
There's a riot situation just about to happen.
And Sunny shows up like Marshall Dillon.
And he knows to nose with this angry guy across the police line right on live TV.
And he says, we don't want your kind around here. Don't you get the message?
And the guy responds, I own this damn hotel.
And it's your cops who are causing the trouble.
Beautiful.
And I mean, this is just a picture of the angry snarling right wing Republican crap.
Well, I think it's justice that he wound up with a bull-backed daughter, don't you?
Yeah, you know, she's a really good spokesperson.
Right.
She is the front person now for the media group that counters stereotypes in the media and when she comes out and makes statues.
She used to be the rear person, but now she's the front person, right?
Well, it's ironic about that, it's astony.
She was that little girl that grew up on TV in front of all of us.
That's right.
And I mean, now she is the spokesperson just bringing home the fact that eight people are America's sons and daughters.
And wild and crazy talk show host too.
There you go.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks a lot, bud.
Yeah, there's a lot of us bags out there and they're not toy aches.
Oh, no, not Steve Young.
Not funny bonus.
Those daughters.
Wow, now.
She won the set.
So rock and roll two thousand.
She will take you then red brandy.
And not to be outdone by the Kennedys.
You decided to come out and see.
You had a group of these days.
Until a tree God in your way.
I'm a star to the world.
You're the sun that you've all done.
You're the sun that you've all done.
You're the sun that you've all done.
You're Steve Young.
What are you thinking?
and
like i said at least he got the kennedy's out of our hair against god almighty
that probably nobody else watches msnbc so whenever i bring that up and john
gibson and all those people
john gibson at least is okay
they got some other people on that the network who are so marginal that they
were embarrassing at best and they do these real real soft amoric interviews
but it's the kennedy's in john vanay and the kennedy's similar and uh...
maybe built cosby for well that's over now
and just they just take things in a hammer and hammer and even the hammer
never hammered him so much got a they bet i noticed the incredible response
on that they have been this
uh... there is no response
which means that either everybody agrees with what i said and you know that
ninety nine percent of the people are listening right now and everybody else
beside
got wrapped up in that thing and was just the tears were flowing and the really
believe that this was one of the major events of our time which it was not
but there is anybody out there who's got the cahons to want to discuss it
debated disagree because uh... you know it's much easier to call up mad dog
mad at the well it's picking up poor dianna and she helped the poor
yeah okay here's uh... pop it out hello
it came from by son
yes sir
i welcome you back to the reason i was calling uh... i'll talk with you about
diana i uh...
i thought that uh... she was deserving of everything uh... the funeral
that type of stuff i can understand your point of view
but at the same time uh... you was deserving of it based on what
it's that i think the british people are people on the world felt
story for that they thought that she was uh...
it was a fairytale marriage is everybody thought it was going to be and then
it just wound up that uh...
the british hierarchy that i decided to freeze her out she didn't sit in and
trial she didn't have a lot of people felt for a lot she was so young
and she was going to change the british monarchy and things like that and
you know anytime somebody on thirty thousand how is it gonna change the british
monarchy she was no longer even a part of it
they stripped her of her real high right
she wasn't a part of the world family more how she can change the model
while she was in the eighties in the early nineties while she was still married
or they were still together
they thought that it was hope that
you're gonna bring the british monarchy to the modern era i mean i'm thirty
seven myself but the point i'm trying to make you is the british monarchy is
such an anachronism that it's embarrassing right and like i said before the
british i can understand and wailing and carrying on getting all bet on the
shape because there are a bunch of very silly people anyway who have no
concept of what the real world is all about until germany starts dropping bombs
and then they come running for us to bail him out but other than that
why would the rest of the world care she was not an important person outside of
england uh... you know that he is great for it
listen what jackie kennedy died who was the wife of a present okay who was married
to a rich or oil maggot ok on asses
did was there any any kind of i mean it was on the news for like thirty second
did anybody shed any tears that anybody carry on today might be a man not that i'm
saying she deserved it but the point is she was american okay but what she was
part of american history nobody carried on when she croaked okay but let me point
this out about jackie on asses now this was i was way too young to remember this
but when she went to friends if i'm not mistaken from what i've seen of the
biography shows on any or whatever she went to france in nineteen sixty two or
whatever with the president the french just fall in love with it yes i know how
much you love the french but the thing was that she was a very charming woman
she was an elegant looking girl and people were taken by that and that's what happened
with i am but that's my point so she just got through dying she wasn't all that old i mean
she wasn't an old bag she got a cancer whatever was uh... jackie kennedy there was there was
there was no anything here and i'm going to tell you you are not old enough but when when
president kennedy died when he was assassinated the the ceremony and the things that took place in
this country paled into insignificant it wasn't even close to what went on with this diana
business and is still going on with selling these dolls and pictures and uh... selling tickets
to see her where she's buried i mean this is this is mass madness is how i'd be able to say this
is insanity i but in the only reason that people got caught up in it is because the media
uh... the media was there to spin it and convince them that this is a major event all over the world
right now you know you mentioned how it will what did how it will have he had a four television
network nineteen sixty two sixty three when kennedy died there were three major american
network there was no global communications or whatever diana i mean she traveled all over the world
and it just that's how communication is a big difference between ninety seven sixty three
i realized that i mean i'm not taking her side i'm not taking your side but
you know the thing is that it that's the way the world is nowadays whether it's a mother for me to
really believe what you just said but let me tell you that when uh... when lea harvier aswell was
shot and killed by jack ruby yep i saw it live on a sunday on nbc television so if you think that
the cameras were all there and that the three major networks weren't there forget about the
rest of the world in this country they all had the technical ability to be there and and carry on
about it as much as they wanted to but it was nothing like that and i'm going to tell you one of
the reasons why because back in the sixties this whole celebrity business was nowhere like it is
today we didn't have inside addition we didn't have the all these tabloid newspapers we had nothing
that compares to this obsession this sickness in the world today and especially in this country
with these celebrities and with athletes it's a madness right right with a statement was in the
sixties when the beetles came about they were the first international
liberties whether it was athletic so entertainment or whatever they were the first international
celebrities in that open to go absolutely right and we're talking about msnd people but the
beetles were popular with a bunch of screaming little teenage girls the beetles weren't uh... how about
when john lennon got killed okay that that that to me john lennon was the defining moment of my
generation however when he got shot and killed in the york that they carry on for weeks and did we
have a big state funeral and that they uh... i don't think so no no but then again dianna
even when fricken elvis croaked on the toilet okay right even though we got all the silly women
still run into grace land even when the king croaked there wasn't that simmiss going on like this
but then again lennon was not in any way she had performed part of government not the diana was
but she was recognized as the princess had nothing to do with government had to do with her
celebrity status and the only thing it had to do with you're right about that and and in
if we're with that you should croak tomorrow which might not be a bad idea if you croak tomorrow
i can assure you that there will be no outpouring of emotion carrying on in britain or elsewhere and
she was uh... the leader of government right i understand that and in closing yes sir um... it's
just a stouns me that msnbc which is not i i watch it maybe for the big show half an hour
how they can put i'm a son in the morning absolutely astounds me that they like watching the
dead man try to uh... you know uh... continue doing his career think by now he would have made
enough money can go off and uh...
well all get another heart transplant or something and look the rest of his life with this guy it it's
very sad to me because i was a huge i'm a span he was a very funny guy right up until he took his
absence in the seventies any came back and went down hill from there i mean i remember listening to him
in the early seventies but nbc itself i mean you see they have date line nbc on every night and
they have on msnbc time and again and they re-run day and everything you know they got to be
basically they got three they've got some other spin-offs to but they got cnbc they got msnbc
in the regular mcc so they got all this time they're quick tv they have oh they have that to them
yeah because they're they're actually got maybe my g e stock of go up oh god and that's all they do
it's like what we do about jambanay rams you what we do about oj jams and over and over and over
and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and thank you bye yeah msnbc
could be very enjoyable and could be really great but that's not
hey how the hell are you welcome the jack in the box i'm jack you now be happy to fill your
order if you know what i mean uh i'd like a jack burger the large fries sorry pal we're cleaning
the grease fryer we don't have any french fries today okay uh they're just give me a small order
of fries please look chief maybe you didn't hear me and i said we don't have any
f***ing fries today's how about something else okay then uh just getting order of fries
listen up pal hope with the straw and straw bearing let you do that's right nature did
know put the eight and eight per cop nature that is right nature did now listen carefully
who put the freak in french fries there ain't no freaking french one that's what i've been trying
to tell you but breath there ain't no freaking french fries now get out of my sight before i
shove your teeth so far down your f***ing throat you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it
oh have a nice day
two eight eights got the coach of Jimmy Johnson show with chase A and the hammer today in five
all season long here on sports radio five sixty q a n we want to hear from some of those
simple women that carried on about Diana because it was mostly the women you'll recall who just
went a shot over Diana and i haven't obsessed with anyone who gets to wear a tiara
was that it princesses or miss america or anything like that or bride broached tiara
oh what is these earring earring is that the way you go with the uh i mean let's get serious already
will you these silly women who carry on to get all the emotional and wild over or when much
you do about nothing when what's your name uh died from bewitch you lose it with montgomery who
might love she was great and she was also an activist she was involved in all kinds of good things
charity great person i mean it's a miracle if you've even heard about it and i just picked her
out of the air i mean you don't even have to think hard to find all kinds of women and other other
people who have been very popular celebrities people who have done good charity work people or
people you can really admire but in this particular instance man just to convince us and we'll
get however hysterical and excited you want us to get we'll go right ahead and do it i can bang away
on this from Natalie in the time and you want to know why because it's a all of a sudden somebody
said you know what you're full of crap and he went you know what you're probably right but that movie
network let me tell you and i hate to keep dwelling on that no i don't hate to dwell because patty
chariotsky was the genius of our time and when he died nobody even knew who the hell he was much less
had a big parade and a celebration and a big funeral ceremony and even out in jund didn't make any
songs about it goodbye patty chariotsky i wouldn't know yeah wouldn't have sounded too good but he was
right it's it's a three ring circus man and the tv people have taken over the brains of the entire
god damn world they tell you what's important and they either build it up and they just keep banging
and banging and banging away and oh my god it's like oh this is really important crap there was
nothing important about it there was another car accident people far more valuable to the human
race than Diana die every day in car accident whatever else people more important than Michael
Kennedy and or sonny bono get killed every day in all kinds of unfortunate accident and nobody
even ever hears about it people with a thousand times more to contribute to the god damn human race
than any of those three above that i just mentioned die every thinking day but because they're not
celebrities because the media doesn't decide that they should inundate you with all this crap
and i'm telling you again it started the the change in our lives i'm talking about the entire
electronic media controlled world was oj that's it i mean once court tv was there of course
which now immediately came on everybody's cable system because they all want to see oj once
they were there to cover it live once that idiot lancedo let the court the cameras in the courtroom
and once the whole world was just in mesmerized with oj oj every day that was the beginning i mean we had
you know we had bits of that before but nothing like this and then once oj was finally over and then
of course we had the civil trial but once all of that was finally over we had to have something
to replace it there has always got to be something now whether it's john vene whether it's Andrew
kounanan no matter what it is whether it's the god damn babysitter up there the old pair which nobody
ever even knew what an old pair was whatever it is they decide for you this is the most important
god damn thing going on and that's why nobody cares about the fact that Susan Smith drowned her
two kids in the back of her car nobody cares about that one nobody ever heard one more word about
the kids that killed a baby and the dumpster up there in new jersey were in the motel so they
take that yeah that happens every day nobody cares but Diana woo we and those poor kids without a
mother even that's a tough template story man they can't talk it away on it seriously many a time
I'd be at home watching that I happen to be in town when that crap was going on and I found myself
screaming at the TV because no matter which channel you tune on there was another story about the
god damn set public and this was some wonderful thing with these fertility drugs let's start reproducing
like rabbits and donating everything to them yeah getting all this free furniture and gift
certificates and right they what they should have done was they should have started the cast
rate they should have cast rate him right off the back just to make sure they're ain't no more
since they already had at least one before that fertility drugs the wonder of having seven babies
all the fun less than there wasn't the drugs it was god oh that's right sorry how does some other
married doing by the way she's still hanging out over there aros alo pesa she over the bank in
Tampa oh she's under a window at the bank building and crazy people from all over are coming to see
the mother Mary up there in that little town in Georgia where the hell is where she hangs out why
don't you go to New York why doesn't mother Mary show up in time square for Christchurch where
somebody might see her and put her on TV instead of on the side of some obscure bank building over
there in clear water where the hell it is oh she's lost here's Miami hello hi Neil yes sir it's
funny like you're saying about how they control the media now they decide what is news about
to be to go in the sunset on my page eight this friend of mine showed me that we've only
went into nuclear war the beginning of 1995 because we had sent up a trident like middle above
Canada to sample the war boy out right but a little bit too close to the Soviet Union so the
Soviets were actually two steps away from from starting nuclear war oh and of course what two
years later it ends up on page five of the newspaper yeah you know and uh no one a celebrities
involved well princess Diana's pap smears on the front page I mean it's ridiculous
uh one thing that I ordered if you saw was the fact that grand came in decided not to allow a
cruise ship no bags and grand came in this is sports radio five sixty q a m
