Things that can get you high in your car.
Hello, this is Darrell Strawberry, and believe it or not,
Winfield Wapafluid is a great app of these Macs,
and it'll get you going, boy.
Just pour a little bit in a funnel and whammo is better than my aggro,
though it is a little hard on the kids that go nuts.
The Darrell Strawberry School of Addiction, open now, Tampa.
Yes, I'm a captain.
Up there is a car away, a little tough to go.
That's the fucking apple truck!
That's right, overclocked out.
And now it comes, pour that as they will see a deep thing of the day,
as well.
Back of that door, a cab away, unless they're going out,
go for a look in for the man tonight.
Time's fair as a.
Fair enough, I'm going to get to the very good of the bad car!
Who's going to drive me?
Oh, Gary Volk!
Okay, calm down, Joe.
Calm down.
Wasn't Gary Volk, it was the meat for your scabbards,
but that's okay, we'll take it.
Hang it on for desperation there, and overtime look like the cats to me,
didn't it?
And that last minute, desperate.
Nice move there, Terry, I'm measuring the stick, thanks to my good buddy,
Len Berry and Terry, rhymes with Mary.
But at any rate, a little bit on the desperate side is the leaves just refused to lose.
But nobody cares about hockey here, do they?
Oh, no.
Pretty damn exciting game, even though I was at the track with like catching bits and pieces
in between losing tickets.
Well, speaking of losing, by the way, what a great segue that was.
Well, first let's start with yesterday's poll.
We asked yesterday, is it finally time for our grotto concede?
We had 847 votes as of this moment, quite a few.
And when I left here yesterday, it was around about 65 to 35.
No, you hang in there, Al, and just keep up the good fight.
But then I noticed it's five o'clock.
I went to my computer at home when I clicked on our website, and I voted myself at that point.
You know what I voted at that time at five o'clock?
I voted yeah.
And I noticed that there was a major turn, the worm was turning at that point after the judge ruled that stalls in Leon County.
847 votes, 58% 491 still say, oh, don't give it up, don't give up the ghost now.
And 355, that's 42% say yes.
So a significant change there in the last, whatever it is, nine hours since the thing came in.
Like I said, the last 12, 20 hours.
And I know that this has got a disappoint lot of people out there who knew, oh, you're a quitter, me, on you're a quitter.
Well, I'm just giving my opinion, I think the time has come.
Even Georgia's saying, yeah, I think the time has come.
Or the little futile, I think, at this point.
Well, that's not futile because they still have the, and I think judge stalls, like I told you before,
we came on the air today, I think what he was doing was saying two things.
First of all, they didn't prove their case beyond a shadow of it.
I wish I would agree with them.
I thought they presented a pretty marginal case.
And number two, because he's keeping all the ballots that they slept up there, impounded,
if the Florida Supreme Court overrules him and says, okay, go ahead and count those 14,000 votes,
they still got them up there.
They can still go ahead and count those.
It's not going to take forever to count that many votes.
And I don't think you're going to find any one judge, anywhere in America,
who wants to overturn the results of any election.
In fact, you look at the Florida Supreme Court who voted seven to zip a few days ago
and said, oh, the butterfly ballots, okay, they know the butterfly ballots illegal.
But courts are low to overturn the results of any election.
That's just the way it is.
And I think that's probably a pretty good thing in the long run,
especially once we get rid of these stupid paper ballots.
So let's ask the full question today.
Pretty much the same, but we'll change it a little bit.
And we'll see if the war is really turning.
The next act's up 94, I should point out, and the Dow is up 117.
Because the market people, the big money people, they want the bushmice to ring there.
And let us be forgiving the full question.
Let me just say this to you.
And it's just taken me until now to realize this.
I guess I'm a little bit slow.
And probably it's a good thing.
Because otherwise it wouldn't have been as exciting,
and people wouldn't have been foaming at the mouth as much about this stuff.
But the fact is you've got a Senate that's divided right down the middle,
even Stephen would leave him in back in Connecticut and make him have him.
50-50 in the Senate.
Now that Maria can't well wonder Washington,
and Flash Gordon conceded.
And the House is just a handful of votes apart,
even though we got these blue dog, blue nose,
the asshole, a Democrat, who really are Republicans, and drag,
the Southern Democrats, we used to call them Dixie Crats.
Even they're sucking up with Bush, and they're sucking up to them
to try to get a few votes.
But the fact remains this.
If they try to appoint some right-wing,
fascist, Supreme Court justice,
are they going to get them confirmed in the Senate?
Oh, no.
No way.
Because even with Tania's the tiebreaker,
or something as hard as still beating at that point,
there's always going to be a handful of small,
just like during impeachment.
A small handful of moderate Republicans who are going to say,
no, we're not going for that asshole.
And the same thing with that massive tax cut.
And all these other things that all these promises that Bush made,
Star Wars, all of these things.
Are they going to get you this conno?
No.
So basically what you're going to have is gridlock,
which the markets love, and which really wouldn't be all that bad.
So we know you've got a dumble when they're a real bozo,
in addition to which also you've got the 92 congressional elections,
and like the Grubanator election here in Florida,
coming up, which will be a Gruban opportunity for people to strike back.
So assuming that Bush does get in,
and it looks very likely that he will,
it's not going to be the end of the world.
If they would have had a strong Republican Congress,
then I think we'd have some real serious problems.
Those of us who are a little bit to the left of a till of the hunt.
So here's the poor question today.
Now that he's lost in court again,
Al Gore should exhaust all legal options or concede.
Huh?
There you go.
Let's see if we have any change of heart today.
Now that he's lost in court again, Al Gore should exhaust all legal options
or concede on your Rogers.com.
Huh? What do you say?
What do you say? What do you say?
I tell you what I say.
Yesterday I turned this audience on to a tremendous product.
This is not a sponsor, it's not nobody's paying me,
nobody's giving me any free stuff yet.
Where's the free stuff George?
But, oh, I actually speak of George.
Tomorrow's George is birthday,
and I mentioned that today,
so if anybody wants to send him some presents,
no, see it's always good to mention just like you put it on the calendar and big writing up there.
Yeah, no, I mentioned it today so that anybody wants to send a gift.
Like if Rimmer wants to send you like a voucher for their free meal at EOS,
and see Rimmer, I'm glad that I didn't send you an anniversary gift
because quite frankly, now that Xerox looks like it's going out of business,
that 25 grand that's going in the scrapper,
thanks to your brother-in-law's bad dream that he had that night.
Yeah, that dream about the Sheik of Errobe was buying a billion shares of Xerox,
or whatever the story was, some cock-a-mamey bunch of crap.
Looks like Xerox may be going under.
What do you think those Romans and the Togas?
I think that's what put them over the eggs with those spots with the Romans and the Togas.
That's what's on them in.
Pretty scary when a company like Xerox is on the verge of bankruptcy,
isn't it?
Yeah, it sounds like that whole legal business,
I mean that investing business sounds like legalized Las Vegas kind of stuff.
I don't want to start paraphrasing anybody else.
Ted David didn't say that. He didn't say that. He just said that. He said that.
He didn't say it. He's a great guy. We love him.
And he's down here and he's probably roasting anyway. He did not say that.
I said it.
I've been saying that for years. It's like gambling for pseudo-electuals, the stock market.
And all these people that come on the air, like on CNBC and all these other places,
they're just touts. That's all they're doing. They're touting it.
I should mention the hearing on the
Seminole case.
The absentee ballots in Seminole County,
they'll be hearing it 130 before the hangin' black lady judge up there in Leon County.
Anyway, the product yesterday I talked about was car solutions.
Well, let me do the break and then I want to talk about that for like two or three hours.
God, that's great stuff. One day and probably a lot of people out there saying,
oh, that fat slob, he couldn't get you one day without eating.
Well, guess what? Did I eat anything yesterday? Solid? No.
No.
I'll tell you one thing, I'll read it something solid this morning.
That's another story.
I lost two pounds the first day and I feel great.
The symptoms of my grud and my IBS and all this audio
that have like basically at least for the moments inside it,
and I feel fantastic.
So thanks to my good friends here at Publix for keeping a lot of this stuff in stock.
Hopefully the lights will be stocking and I made sure Peter led me to call them immediately this morning.
And also hopefully since they're up in Boku,
beginning like about 500 cases of this stuff down here, it is great, which I'll tell you more about it.
No portion of the program may do this without the express written permission of W2AN,
this is what has group incorporated.
WAAAAAAA!
This is the face of a reptile dysfunction.
Whoa, what, you're not gonna show my face, are you?
Relax.
This is just the radio.
Oh, thank God.
This is the face of Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky.
What are you doing?
He has a reptile dysfunction.
Come on, I've got family to think about.
Friends!
He can't get it up.
Oh God, I have to go to work tomorrow.
He can't pitch a tent.
Raise the weasel, straighten the mask.
Man, I'm gonna kill you.
If you two suffer from a reptile dysfunction, don't be afraid.
You're just like Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky.
Stop saying my name!
And if Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky can face his reptile dysfunction, can't you?
Ah, please, I beg of you!
A reptile dysfunction, anyone can get it.
Even Jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky.
Oh, God.
More than I'm again.
1014 at 560 W2AN, happy Tuesday to you.
Somebody just faxes this to me.
I somehow missed this story, maybe because I was in the track losing my money last night.
Did you see the OJ story?
I heard about it, anyway.
The Killman Cole.
No, not that story.
We know that one.
OJ Simpson was involved in an altercation with other motorists who claimed the former football great,
grabbed his glasses and scratched him, Miami Police said.
The man toward police, he saw a black Ford navigator drive past the stop sign Monday in the suburban community of Kendall.
The man whom police would not identify said he flipped his lights at this sports utility vehicle.
The navigator stopped and its driver exited the vehicle and walked toward the other car,
detective Rudy Espinoza said.
The two men argued briefly, he said.
Simpson then reached inside the car and pulled the glasses off the victim's face, causing a small scratch on his face.
The victim went home and called police and was able to identify the driver of the black navigator as,
or enthralled James Simpson as Spinoza said.
Simpson has not been charged.
He was to be questioned today by Miami-Dade Police, report us from TV stations, WSBN and WPLG,
so they went to Simpson's home but he wouldn't come out on the incident but he did say.
Killman Cole.
Yeah, how do you like that?
How do you like, you know what I've always said?
Have I said something?
This is a very, very good advice to keep in mind.
A scumbag is a scumbag.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow my, yeah.
Once a scumbag always a scumbag.
And OJ, URSCumbag and we know about that too.
Because the last time he had a knife that big in his hand, I'm sorry.
Here's the fact that it says, as a registered independent, I've decided the best way to voice my disagreement with the way the state government and the Republican Party and whole of sound of the voice and will of the people in South Florida,
is to change my party affiliation to the Democratic Party.
If you deem it a good idea, please spread the message and encourage other registered independent to South Florida to do the same,
and sign a soon to be Democrat.
There you go.
Don't get mad, just get even.
That's another cliche, another slogan for you, to live by.
Don't get pissed, just get even.
And we'll have plenty of opportunity to do that in two years especially,
especially when we say something to Governor Jeb Bush, you know what we're going to say?
Bye, bye, bye!
Yeah, Adios.
See ya.
And get rid of some of these fascists.
And I know that there are going to be some of these people who are going to say, well you're wrong Neil, because what about those 14,000 votes?
If they do, if a voter Supreme Court overrules Judge Solz and says, yeah, they need to be counted.
There's always going to be the stench of manure hanging over the fact, wow, you know, we're looking now for little tiny dimples and pimples and we're like,
and it just gets to the point of being ridiculous, and also even the thing in Seminole and Martin counties.
There can be no question anybody's mind, even if you're just a little bit objective, that there was some serious,
hanky, panky with those absentee ballots and the application forms.
But, but does that mean you can show how do you know which ones you throw out?
We just, today is the 5th of December, a week from today, at least according to the deadline, at the first deadline,
that's supposed to be the day that the state appoints its electors.
Even though officially they have a lot more time than that, but nevertheless, that's what the date that's been planted in the mind of the public.
And you know as well as I do, the Florida legislature is certainly not going to sit and let that day come and go without appointing their own
play of 25 electors all pledged to George W. Bush.
You know that, don't you know that?
We all know that, even the dumbest of the dumb know that.
So what's the point?
Oh, there's Joe Lieberman.
Grateful for the support we receive, we're received throughout America, winning in the popular vote.
Oh, as of today, 267 electoral votes and confident that a majority of those who went to vote in Florida intended to vote for Al Gore for President of the United States.
And that simple principle, as you know, is what we are continuing to pursue in the courts of Florida.
There's the Chigren and Woodpile right there.
There's the real extra week link.
Go as we can up to begin with, but there was the real extra week link that just broke it off at the past.
32 votes already on here.
Very close.
See how different it is right now?
I voted for Conceed.
I voted for potseed.
Now that he's lost in court again, Al Gore should exhaust all legal options.
17 Conceed.
15.
I mean, it's as close as a witch's earlobe.
It's tight.
Here's a call in plantation.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Let's talk about Judge Mary Oldt's soul for a minute.
It's obvious because the Republicans went hell bent to try to get Nikki Clark off this case by filing motions to recuse, taking it up on appeal, and then refiling the motions, all which were denied.
Right.
They didn't get her off of there yet.
That if they saw Judge Souls was not in their pocket like so many nickels and dimes, that they would have done the same thing with him.
I'm not buying that at all.
I don't think he was anybody's pocket.
First of all, he used to be Republican.
He switched.
He's a registered Democrat now, number one.
And number two, I listen to the same, or at least not all of it, but a lot of the same testimony that you didn't heed it.
And I don't think that they made their case.
I thought the case was extremely weak.
Well, I agree with you, except the move that they should have made was they should have brought the 9000 ballots to the courtroom, put up a witness like Gunsburg or somebody else and said,
when they got to either 931 or 538, you know, and say these are Gore votes, then they would have established a precedent to say that we had enough votes to...
They would say bring them to the courtroom, but who is going to count them?
They're not comfortable.
On the witness stand itself, they should have held up thousands of ballots to a witness.
Well, they weren't just going to hand over the ballots to some witness to sit there and play with on the witness stand. That's not how it worked.
Not to play with it, but they...
Not to do anything with it, not to touch it, not to fondle it, not to squeeze it, not to poke it, not to scrape it, they weren't going to do that.
No chance he was going to do that.
The real issue here is when Clark Rule 180 degrees from the way Saul's ruled and says that the 15,000 ballots are out, you'll see the rule of law crowd go, go, not...
How do you know she's going to do that?
Well, that's just my opinion.
I mean, obviously we have opinions and that's my opinion.
She's going to say they're out, and the rule of law crowd will not have the rule of law on their side.
And if this is anything with the NRA, then forced the laws in the books will show and forced the laws in the books, show fashion the remedy to say 15,000 around.
And a point of fact, if you listen to the Republican people talking the talking head to the Republican, talking about if she could do it or not, none of them have a good reason why she can't do it.
But then you know what's going to happen after that, then immediately they'll appeal that decision to the Supreme Court.
And a hard to prepare, it'll be a tight order, just like Saul's order, and if the Supreme Court will say it's okay.
And I mean, yeah, it'll go up.
I'm glad you're so confident, but there are a lot of people who thought the Supreme Court would say the ballot and prom beach, the Butterfly ballot was illegal, and it almost certainly is.
And yet it was seven and nothing, they said they weren't going to declare it illegal, they weren't going to...
Because the only remedy was a revo, which...
But the difference is they won't have the decision underneath, like if Clark's decision underneath is tight and as the tight order, then when they take it out, that's the whole decision.
Although Barger said that the ballot or whatever judge it was, said that the Butterfly ballot was not illegal.
But if Clark rules underneath, that the 15,000 are out, then they take it up on that, and they can't...
Then it's the same thing. They can't say she abused the discretion if she has some safe...
No, I know.
I think Barger didn't rule that the ballot wasn't illegal.
I think he just ruled that it wasn't within his authority to order another revo.
He just...he basically passed the ball.
Well, that's a difference, but having a court underneath finding that there is a problem in the ballot's order out.
If there's an affirmative ruling underneath, then the same abuse of discretion standard applies to the judge underneath.
So, don't you think that Judge Solz was also passing the bucket and saying that we're going to keep the ballots here, and now it's up to the Florida Supreme Court, and if they want to overrule and find them, go ahead and count them?
Of course he passed the ball.
He should have at least had a count. He should have appointed many special measures, maybe nine to do a thousand, thousand ballots each.
And then they could have done it in five hours.
But you know something, no matter what he was going to rule, it would have been a peerless if he were there.
They weren't going to start counting until the final appeal was heard by the Florida Supreme Court either way.
They should have at least separated the math to see whether or not it was possible for them.
So they had them separated out. They had them separated out.
No, but no separated out, you know, to say that these are absolutely no votes.
These are questionable gourd, questionable bush.
And then they would have them separated. They're in envelopes, believe me, what I tell you, they're separated.
The nine thousand or the ones they've already counted.
Yes. The nine thousand are separated in the 3,300 in Palm Beach.
There hasn't been any stories out of the zoo.
How many questionable gourd and how many questionable bush out of the nine thousand?
I don't know, but they haven't been, of course not because they haven't been looked at yet, but they're in separate envelopes.
That's interesting to find out how many of them are.
Okay, have a great day. Good luck to us.
All there's a confident, guys, is that the black judge up there, she's Judge Clarks, he's going to go ahead and say,
a seminal county, you're out, Martin County, you're out, throw them out, that's thousands and thousands, and I'll go ahead.
We'll see. We'll see if he's right. Now, as they accept one-fifteen, the markets are soaring because the markets want bush.
The big money people want bush. Make no mistake about that.
And that should tell you a lot. Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hi, I just want to say, looking back now, you see how important it was for the Republican terrorists to shut down a vote count.
Where, you know, if Corwin had come there, if he didn't have a one vote lead, I mean, the way the judges are ruling.
But you see, you see what the problem was when David Laihi went out when he said,
okay, we don't have time, where you're going to stop. When they did that, if they would have just started once and gone right on through and kept going,
and not have been intimidated, they would have had those votes counted in the same in Palm Beach, if they wouldn't have had all the stops and starts, they could have finished.
Broward County even worked on Thanksgiving Day, and they worked through the night, and somehow they got all their votes counted.
So if all the votes would have been counted, the case in Leon County that we just got through here and would have been a moot point, because all the ballots would have been looked at already.
Exactly, and they would have put bush on a defensive.
If they came out the way Gore thinks.
Yeah, I mean, assuming even he had a one vote lead, you know, and he said, well, you prove your case to throw these ballots out, it's almost the reverse of what you have now.
Right. Because the way the judges are ruling, unless you come in and with machine guns and steal the ballots, you know, they say, you don't bother us, you know.
Yeah, you mentioned one vote lead, you know, they just think to yourself, what would have happened after they did all of these recounts if Bush or Gore would have won by like three or four votes?
Yeah, really? Is there anybody in the court? Is there anybody in the state that can be said, oh, okay, well, you know, what one is as good as a million? I don't think so.
You know, now it's like what if you, it's like one out of 10,000 votes, I think it is, you know, do the fractions on it.
Well, thank God we didn't have too many dead people vote this time. Good luck to have found.
Okay. How many dead people do you think voted in, uh, Dave County? All of them. I would say behind in every block. Yeah.
Nine people once speaking of those numbers, guess what beastly stock is? Well, it's there. I might as well use it, you know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pretty interesting on our poll. Very, very tight. It is tighter than a witch's eardrum.
Now that he's lost in court again, we're talking about judge Saul's ruling in the Leon County yesterday. Obviously for anybody who slept through it.
Al Gore should exhaust all legal options 40, concede 37.
Oh, man. You couldn't slip a curly hair in between those numbers.
Hey, new balances open out. Did I talk about my curb solutions again? Yeah. I mentioned it, but I didn't, uh, I got to go into length about it.
Because it's great. And because that way we'll get a lot more free stuff.
There's no need to fear. The under votes are here.
They send the ballots all the way from Bobby County and from Dayton Mother hearing from their wake.
Al Gore wants to meet out the under vote. Under vote. Under vote. Under vote.
Under vote. Five, the people.
The people of the town. The ones that didn't do the under vote. Under vote.
1031 at 560 WQ I am. Here's the facts from Amy and four Lauderdale says the independent guy was on the right track. We decided to change his party to Democrat. However, imagine if everyone angry at the Republicans, uh, change their party to Republicans, their control of the primaries and their candidates would be gone. Not a very good idea, Amy, because then you can't vote in your own primary.
And you can't pick who's going to be in there, which we sure is how the one Al Gore get in 84 2004. When whatever year it's going to be.
Do we want him again? No way. Nice try their Al, but like I said, weak try Al. I've been kind of called before. Those got a pretty good point. Of course, you can look at it from the perspective of this.
And that is as long as they've dragged it out this long and tried everything under the sun. Why not wait another couple of days? I mean, they're having I thought they heard it was Wednesday.
But CNN claims that and why say claims? I want to make sure that I put that in big letters. Real loud because these last couple of days, these networks, MSNBC and CNN, they've been all over the place.
Bill Snyder was on their last nights on CNN saying, well, you know, it was very confusing. The ruling from the US Supreme Court. It took at least an hour to figure out what they were really saying.
And of course, MSNBC was doing even better than that saying, well, you know, we were to this advantage. We didn't have the written copy of their ruling, right?
Which was an excuse for their jumping or rushing to judgment and saying they had reversed the Florida Supreme Court. Did they do that? No, they did not. Just as accurate as they were on election night. Don't get it right. Just get it first.
But anyway, like I said, if they've dragged it out this long and waited this long, why not wait another day or two and see what George Clark up there does. Maybe she is pissed off at the Jeb Bush, huh? Maybe she's going to stick it to him. Maybe she's going to teach those white folks that pay back as a bitch.
And toss those votes out. And then of course, that gets ghost of the Florida Supreme Court again. And we just keep going. See, that's what bothers me.
I just don't have an appetite for that anymore because I realize that Bush did steal the election. But you know something? Let him steal it. Let the public be angry and full with them often think about that for a couple of years. And let's also have some massive, not just campaign election campaign reform.
But how about election reform in a way that we do it? And it seems to me that I'm the only one talking about that. I don't hear any. They're on their 40 hours a day.
Hacking a china about every aspect of this under the sun and the device president pick his nose twice today and did the due Lieberman eat kosher all day and all this other crap.
But very little conversation, maybe about 50 words in these last four or five weeks, whatever it's been since the election about election reform, doing it right.
If this is like I said yesterday, if this is supposed to be so goddamn important, then why not get it right?
We're in a stone age paper ballots and bringing these witnesses out to talk about the plastic under the under the ballots and scraping off the Chad and the accumulation of Chad.
And the fact that the voting machines in Dave County hadn't been empty out and cleaned in eight years. Did you hear that one? Eight years.
Nice call. David Leahy. You know what I can want to say about David Leahy? He's a schmuck. He's just another hack.
That's all he is. Well, that poll is tight. 124 votes. Now that he's lost in court again, Al Gore should exhaust all legal option 63.
Conceed 61. You could barely slide a little tiny hair in there. You know what? Here's Hollywood. Hello enough with the winding. It's over. Who's winding all your call is a whining.
No, they're not here anybody whining. It's a good sounding like this. Okay. You're the one that's whining at all. Another bush asshole.
I would say in these last four weeks, I don't want to exaggerate, but 99.5% of the bush people I've talked to have been real assholes just like him childish juvenile, just like the idiots with their sore loser.
Men cards and placards and stickers and crap sore loser.
I know I'd be pretty proud of my candidate winning the election by you know 500 and some odd votes and losing the popular vote.
Like I told you before the election, we ought to be embarrassed for all four of them because they're really pathetic.
But once again, I'm one of the very few people with the with the honest need to tell you that because most of the people are so glad they impart his own.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil. He's going to make a great president. Yeah. Just like your old Ford. Here's a lady in Fort Myers. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Do you think there's anything in the argument that those ballots were entered into evidence up in Tallahassee and they weren't even looked at? Shouldn't all evidence be looked at?
Well, I mean, when you say looked at it, once they look at it, what they're doing is recounting ballots. It's part of the election process. There's a difference between examining evidence.
I mean, you know, that was part of the case that the Democrats made. But obviously the judge didn't agree with that. And I will see what the Florida Supreme Court says.
Yeah, it was like a catch-22.
And then I had just about died when the thing came over and they were talking to David Boyes or whoever and they were talking about the fact that immediately they were rushing down the hallway so that they could get the appeal and was going to the Florida Supreme Court, which I guess this morning they're finally getting it.
And they were saying, well, certainly they can they can have an answer on this by the end of the week. Well, guess what? Today is the fifth of December already by the end of the week.
Well, I don't really know what to say. I guess, you know, the only thing I can say to listeners is if you want to see some scary Republicans go on AOL chat.
Oh, I'm sure. Have you been there? No, I just started the calls like this last guy.
Yeah, I mean, worse than that. It's unbelievable. You know, and people wonder why, you know, this country is so divided.
You know, that kind of attitude is like, you know, I don't know how you were raised, but you know, no member of my family has that kind of disgusting attitude.
Yeah, well, there are a bunch of bigots and they don't want to admit that was the one honest call I had one day toward the end of last week because I keep asking over and over again.
Well, one person gave me a legitimate reason why they voted for Bush and one guy called any said, well, I can't relate to the people or Democrats now because, and I said, well, so Boyes, not the fact that you were bigot and he said, yeah, it's okay. Well, at least you're honest.
Yeah, I remember I talked to you after that and you had mentioned that point to me and I said that, you know, honesty, that's rare.
But yeah, I mean, you know, I had the same reaction in a chat room, you know, that basically people were saying, you know, yeah, we are, you know, whatever.
Well, please do yourself a favor and don't look at chat rooms. Chat rooms are the worst. In fact, all you have to do is look at the emails. Did you ever watch Talk Back on CNN?
Sure.
Okay, and you see the emails they keep putting up on the screen and you keep spitting blood because each one is more stupid than the previous one. Don't read this stuff.
It'll just make your blood boil. Forget about it.
Well, yeah, it does make my blood boil, but I've got two children and I'm a single mother. And, you know, I've lived out of this country and I've traveled quite a bit.
And, you know, I'd have to say that just because of that, I'll make it a point and I have taken my children out of the country and, you know, they're a bit too young, but, you know, I definitely encourage that.
And, you know, the reason that I have to look at all angles is because I need to know what's going on. You know, I need to know what's talked to my children about. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And, you know, I think it's important to talk.
Well, I don't think too many parents are talking. I don't think too many parents are talking to their children too much straight because when they keep taking these pools of the kids like they would do before the election,
and Bush was like a million votes ahead nationwide or two million or whatever was by the asymongous margin.
And then when I saw the thing with the ovation for Bush at the hockey game last Wednesday, I have to really wonder what kind of values are being given to kids in this country.
Well, let me tell you, I voted for Gloria, not because I'm a diehard Democrat. I'm not. But, you know, for, I think some of the obvious reasons why people, you know, were voting for a native, which I think was stupid.
But, you know, I told my, I've got a seven-year-old daughter and I basically waited out for her. Hey, don't take my opinion. You've got to wait until you understand everything that's going on. You've got to form your own opinion.
Don't just, you know, stand there and shout, go or go or because, you know, I happen to vote for them.
You know, so, you know, I think it basically boils down to people's upbringing, what you taught at home. It all starts at home. You know, racism and bigotry is something that's, it's learned.
Yeah, well, just ask the boy scouts, okay, so you don't have a nice day. Speaking of the boy scouts, they're suing the Brownward County School Board. That's right.
I'll get into that in a second. There's a great line in the story in the, in the herald today. Oh, man, just like I need to brag all over again. Yeah.
24-11 at 560 WDQM.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560.
QA.
Yes, first.
First.
Hello.
Justin Time for the holiday. The most unusual Christmas album ever. All draw Winfrey Burbs to Christmas classics.
Listen to Oprah.
Past gas at Christmas Mass.
Oprah Winfrey Burbs, the Christmas classic, available in the previous session at RELTS.
1044 at 560 WDQM. Here's the facts from Redland.
It says, I think you're absolutely correct in assessing the heart of Saul's ruling was that while there are probably 600 gore under votes and date,
the plaintiff failed to show how using the same methodology statewide he could substantially alter the outcome.
While I don't think there's any nickels difference in the tomb end at this point I'm captivated by the theater.
Face it, the comeback now would be the most dramatic resurrection since Easter morning, 33 AD.
Oh! Sign Jesus Christr.
566705. Oh, here's the fact it says, I want to wish Georgia happy birthday. My birthday is also December 6th.
Have a great day tomorrow. Go friends. Jamie implantation. How do you like that?
A lot of famous people have December 6th.
Yeah, I call you. What do I tell you?
Wait, Nicholas.
Right.
You guys will mention it today and right away you'll be getting all kinds of gifts. Probably Greg Read will be in here tomorrow about 50 cent.
You think you're going to get a gift from Greg Read?
No.
50 cent? No.
No.
How about a, in the face, maybe?
How about my bonus?
From what?
From the summer book. You got yours.
It's only December the 5th. Yeah, I got mine because it's in my contract. That's why.
Why don't you have your lawyer put it in your contract, Mr. Hotshot?
You better study a lot more humble pie.
Or speaking of that, they probably got some low-carb humble pie.
Those carb solutions. I don't want to go ballistic on this. In fact, it's probably just as well if I don't.
Because I rush to public right after work yesterday and luckily my sawgrass publics.
That store, those people in there, that's the greatest place on the face of the earth. I think I might just move in there.
Hang out with some of the bag boys.
Oh, seriously, that's just a great store. They treat me great in there. They're wonderful friendly people.
Not just to meet with all the customers. And they had a ton of this stuff, which I was petrified because usually when I mentioned something on the year,
it vanishes from the shelves immediately.
Carb solutions. They have three different things. They've got the bars, the low-carb bars, which actually tastes good.
Unlike some of the other ones that I want to mention, no names. And they have the powder that you make the milkshakes with.
With the, you just mix water, maybe a little sweet and low in the blender. And that's then good stuff. Almost no carbs.
And then they've got these high-protein drinks already in the bottles.
The chocolate ones got the four carbs. And the cappuccino's got only three carbs, which is my personal opinion is the best cappuccino.
And they're great. And they do have, I would work up to the ingredients because I knew there had to be something that made them taste so good.
But they do have sucralose, but it's about the penting ingredient on the other thing. So they don't have a lot of it in there and it won't make it into the brains out.
And they are great. Carb solutions. I hope we can get about 40, 50 cases of that. And so, you know, it's got fat, it's got protein, it's got a little bit of carb.
So it's not like you're starving you that it's not those liquid protein diets 20, 30 years ago, which a lot of us tried and almost died.
Because we weren't getting a, in fact, I look in the ingredients, it's even got vitamins and minerals in it.
It's got biotin, it's got full of cancer, it's got stuff, potassium. How do you like that, George?
So I'm just sucking that stuff up and lost two pounds already the first day.
Here's a lady in Haya-Lia. Hello.
Here's a lady in Haya-Lia going once. Hello.
Neil. Yes, ma'am. How you doing? I knew you were there. I'm here. I just wanted to say that I am a die-hard Democrat and I don't think I'm a whiner.
But first of all, don't you just ignore that asshole because the guy who preceded him was very articulate.
He made a lot of good points. He wasn't whining. He was a very bright guy and he just made his case. And then this childish guy comes in.
And nothing in whining, all right. Look, just don't pay the attention then. They're like overgrown children.
There are so many loose dens out there like these F and T ballots. I would love to just let that go forward and see what they come up with.
You think there were some irregularities there? I mean, maybe people... I don't just think that there were. I know that there were. But how you're ever going to be able to prove all of that with the clock ticking along the way it is.
I don't know. Maybe a judge clock up there. Maybe she's a lot sharper than all the rest of us. I would love to see what they say about, especially since they tightened our F and T ballot laws.
And we're supposed to request them. How can the governor send out letters to everybody?
On his letter. And they request, yeah. And they both from the comfort of your home. And they don't even request the ballot.
Well, we wanted to keep it all in the family, so we've heard.
And then we got these people in the nursing homes where they were sent to our three ballots.
Oh! And they let the other people vote on them because they had extra.
Yeah, just spread them around. And some of them had already died. I mean, I'm sorry that they died, but they didn't use the ballot.
Yeah, but look, dead people voting in Florida is like, you know, like other Americans apple pie. It's part of our system.
Okay, well, maybe you got a point. Maybe we should just hang on another day or two.
Yeah, I think we should before we tell them to proceed. And I wanted to ask you something about your GERD.
Do you find that you have more trouble at night?
Not really. As long as you don't eat anything for like at least three or four hours before you go to bed.
Well, when I did, I was very lucky. My daughter worked for a company that made foam mattresses. And I had a wedge made that starts way down in the small ear back.
So you don't break your neck while you're sleeping. Right. And then you just go up at a gradual angle.
Yeah, that's what they say. Wrapped up the head of the bed a few inches off the floor.
It's really good if you can't do that. Try one of those wedges. It really helps because they have a lot of them.
I think losing the weight, I don't know if you're overweight or not. But in my case, losing the weight is going to help tremendously because when you're overweight, especially when it's all in the middle like mine,
your organs, first of all, become enlarged and second of all, depending on how a position you're sitting or laying in, your organs get squeezed together.
So it puts tremendous pressure and not a good thing.
Well, mine was diagnosed. I had a heart attack. And then I was having these terrible pains. And I assumed it was the heart.
And found out a year later that I actually had a hiatal hernia and GERD. But it took a year for them to diagnose that.
So I thought I was having these terrible heart. That's what I thought.
Because especially with the hiatal hernia, you know, the stinger that you talk about, that cares and it be out that goes right into your chest.
Yeah, it really feels like a violent attack.
Okay, well, you hang in there, sweetheart. I'm doing that. We'll be two. Bye-bye.
Yeah, see, there's more of the great gifts that the Lord has given to us, GERD and IBS and all of these things and the ski-dos and the salamanders and all things that crawl and creep, et cetera and so on.
A lot of crap. The Lord made it. Didn't the Lord make them?
Yeah. All you silly religious people.
Here's the facts from Overstuffed Subcommittee in West Bokers. It says, your biggest fans in West Bokers.
How about those leaves couldn't even get by the lowly panthers? Ha-ha, it says. But what a great game. That's a was a great game. And Trevor could, where a kid was pretty damn good.
Yes, Trevor kid was not only pretty damn good, but like in the last part of a, last few seconds there after the least title late in the game.
And then in the last minute of overtime was sensational spectacular or they wouldn't have had a chance.
And this is the same Trevor kid that got whipped for giving up three goals to Detroit the other night by his coach who's looking for escape goals now.
Whether it's Ray Whitney or Trevor kid.
Yeah, you know, you got to mix a big save. But you know something. If you don't score more than one goal, which is their usual case, although you get four last time.
You know, you're going to have a month's quota. But when you don't score more than one goal, how's your going to win a game for you, Terry? You jackass.
Looking for escape goals. Once the organization starts looking for more escape goals, you know that the bus to pick them up on the way out of town.
Kathy too far away. So Terry and Brian. Sorry, I missed you at the anniversary party. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know if, you know, the timing of the sequencing of him shutting down the vote here.
But I think I'm thinking things, you know, well, let's see, Penelope is called up the telehassy. I think wasn't he? And you know, Jeff Bush is from Dave County and a lot of money come down here.
I guess or grants and whoever. And who knows what backroom dealings. They said, you shut it down money and coming down from the top boys.
And all of a sudden, I don't see Jesse Jackson on the TV screen on NBC. Well, you ought to feel better than. No, I mean, he was a voice there and then for the voters rights and.
If we need Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton down here, like I need more. We don't need them here. Let's let them stick their pushback work along.
Yeah, that is. You think that he'll sue for voters rights or anything now? How can you do that? I don't know. Let me ask you this. I don't doubt because we know it's well documented that there were black people.
People turned away from the purls. There were there were precincts where white people were voting with just drivers license ID and black people didn't have the voter registration code, but did have drivers license even though their name was on the rules. They were told, oh, you can't vote. We know that. But how do you approve it? How do you document it? How do you make a tabulation on that at this point?
Anybody can sign an affidavit and say anything they want. That's right. That's right. So it's just a question of, you know, you would this system of voting in this country has got to be cleaned up.
I think they should have they should have a day off for voting right. The serious.
National holiday. If we can have an actual holiday for Groundhog Day in Columbus Day and we have the guy that president's birthday, how come we can't have an actual like in most civilized countries on election day? That's right.
Listen, I'm going to go fill some tea. I'll see you later. Okay. Good luck to you. He's going to go at least some gold. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line.
Outer timeline is open over there on a west coast because they have nothing to say. You see the result and I think it was caught your counter. That was the big one where like bush got 50 trillion votes and got about three and you wonder why we don't hear from over there.
Yeah, you just keep us on over there on 7 70 though because otherwise we're going to have we're going to protest in the streets. I'm telling you right now for you, beasley bastards, which the stock is hovering just like a little rate and a quarter.
Here's a pepper fine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. Have a question for you. I've seen Peter works or TV quite a bit. So recently, where's Bob or Wester.
Well, sorry. Well, sorry. I just saw Bob Graham for like five seconds. Just where has he been through all this and why is he going to quiet? He's still waiting for Clinton to tell him what time they're going to pick up. Alien.
Well, is he like I heard. I didn't know here. No, it's checking with you really just point because he didn't get to not the right presidency. But just know he could have been a little more, you know, out in front of the camera. I helped him to cause.
I got news for if there would have been anybody who would have been wimpier and weaker than them. Julie Berman. It would have been Bob Graham.
Really? All I'll tell you, he would have been a better choice because then probably that would have guaranteed Florida for Gore. And it would have won the election. Good point.
Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye.
I'm sure the guy is right. That would have done it. That would have sensed it because even though a lot of us were pissed off at Bobby Graham for his grotesque behavior during the alien stuff, we understand that was a Florida politics as they figure they must play it.
That's a mission of the other group of states. Yeah. That's right. Like Georgia and Arkansas and Tennessee, both of which were within three points. That's right. Good, good Southern boy. That's what they like. The Southern is like the Southern is. Don't you understand that they like the Yahoo's.
The good old boys like Bobby Graham. He's sufficiently Yahoo. And you bet he's a really Yahoo. Real week job there. Real week job by the Gore people picking Julie Berman. Very sad.
You know, you could point it Ralph Nader. You could point it the Cuban. You can point it this group in that group and whatever else. But the fact is that none of those groups picked Julie Berman to be the running mate.
The fact is that the American people are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones who are the only ones
because they vote for the Cuban candidates and they vote based on their own narrow issues.
It was the same thing where all these old people marching out there and pom beach and elsewhere to vote for, you know, otherwise probably wouldn't even wasted their time voting because there was a Jew on the ballot.
Forget about the fact what kind of Jew he was, but there's a Jew on the ballot.
And then, and then adding itself to injury, they can't even get the goddamn vote right.
This is 560 QAM, 420560 WQAM by Ami Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group statement.
WQAM.com for the world.
Wow, wow, wow, these hot little boys.
Good morning.
This is Vice President Al Gore.
I believe you should know, counting has always been an important part of my life.
Why, I have always counted things over and over until I get a number I like.
For example, on Christmas Day, I would count my presents till the aggregate total reached 23.
On my birthday, I would count the candles on my cake, so each year they total 22.
That's the year I lost my cherry.
Cherry was my dog, and I loved him.
So please understand I am upset over the recent criticism leveled against me regarding this election.
I have hired the nation's premier counter to assist in this election process.
And his work has already begun.
Ah, ah, 2,910,847 votes for Gore.
Ah, ah, ah, we'll get to the bottom of this.
Me and the count.
Thank you.
This is Al Gore.
OK, it's 11.01 at 560 WQAM.
The markets are so ring and guess who's speaking right now.
The Federal Reserve's November C. Lone Officer Opinion Survey suggests that lending standards and terms have continued to take.
Alan Greenspan is speaking.
Oh, Corey, economic danger.
Not a severe now as it was 98.
He says, so hopefully he's going to say something good and not screw up the rally that we're having because the Dow is up 250 points and the Nasdaq is up 156 and a half George.
Oh, like that.
Ah, here is a fascinating article.
It's somebody just facts me.
And I thank you profusely from today's daily business review.
Wait to hear this.
Two months after influential developer Armando, Armando Cadena's July announcement that he planned to buy, the 46.1 acre Mimey Free Trade Zone,
Republican U.S. Representative Lincoln Diaz-Balard introduced a Bill in Congress that would save Cadena and his partners hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in property taxes in the zone.
The Bill, which benefits no other foreign trade zone in the country, was filed by Diaz-Balard just 35 days after Cadena gave $20,000 in soft money to the Republican National Committee.
The Cadena Group, which closed the $41 million trade zone deal in early November, contributed another 25 grand of the Republicans' life December.
And over the last three years, Cadena and his wife, Margarita, also gave $4,000 to Diaz-Balard for his reelection campaign.
Cadena, a Republican party loyalist for nearly 20 years, developed a saw and saw a real estate with Governor Jeb Bush as the Cadena Bush Group.
And he is one of Florida's 25 Republican presidential electors who pledged to vote for Jeb Bush's brother George W. Bush when the Electoral College assembles on December 18.
HR 5396, amending the tear-effective 1930, is only five paragraphs long.
Should it become law, however, the new language Diaz-Balard has proposed, will save Cadena's company about 800 grand a year by exempting it from all state property taxes, now levied on the Miami Free Zone, property in the zone is currently assessed at $36.62 million.
Let's hear it for Lincoln Diaz-Balard, Armando Cadena.
Yeah, Bush-Mister, all these gangster crooks.
Yeah.
Who the hell are you, people, Kenny?
Thank you, profusely, whoever affects that to me this morning from today's Daily Business Review.
It just makes you want to get on your hands and knees and puke.
190 votes in our pool, now that he's lost in court again, Al Gore should concede or exhaust all legal options.
Exhaust all legal options 105, 53%, concede 93, 47%, still pretty damn tight.
Here's Mommy Lakes. Hello?
Hello? Bush?
Yeah, good. Go find some.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of town line is open, of course, 877, 785, 6345.
Thousands of open lines here this morning now.
We better keep this thing going. Like I said, don't concede now. We need another few days with the squeeze out of this, at least till the holidays.
Here's a mobile in Pember Park. Hello?
I'm not mobile, but that's okay.
Here's a stationery in Pember Park.
I've got to sort of walk around that rail vehicle.
A couple things I wanted to ask.
Even if this judge in Seminole County declares those 15,000 AFNT ballots in valid, throws them out.
The legislature can still appoint the representatives or the electors for votes.
Yeah, but don't you understand how grotesque that would be because if she does throw the votes out,
then that takes away 4,700 votes from Bush.
And that means grotesque, head by like over 4,000 at that point.
I understand how.
Do you really think that the Florida legislature would have the political balls to go ahead and overturn a 4,000 vote margin?
If the Florida Supreme Court upheld that ruling by Judge Clark, assuming that she hands that ruling down and throws those votes out, I don't think so.
You have riots in this state.
I don't think you'd have the riots, but I don't think that the...
Why do you say that?
Do you think that the public would sit still for that?
I don't think they would sit still, but there wouldn't be anything they could do about it.
Look at the way they've been going about the things now.
You're not going to ever have voter legislation that ease voting or voter reform.
That's not true.
Why do you say that?
None of the political parties would want it because then they have no way of being able to vote.
They're not eligible to push the ballots towards one way or the other if they have the reform.
I really don't think that it would ever occur.
Yeah.
That they would make it or use the electronic data machines here in South Florida or anything else.
Because they wouldn't have any way to possibly fix the election that they had to.
Also, I don't think you're ever going to see a non-Hispanic as a mayor in day county anymore.
Probably not.
Okay.
And if the crying shame.
Yeah, but take a look at the population.
I understand.
56% Hispanic population in day county.
Who do you expect is going to get in?
But there's just as many anglos that I feel qualified.
What would be qualified?
Yeah, but that's not how people vote.
I understand.
The angle is sharp and vote.
All right, Mr. Neor.
Let me remind you again that in the last election on panelist Scott in without even a runoff,
he won a majority of the Anglo-Foton-Dade County.
So what does that tell you?
Well, that was before he went and hit here and buried his head.
Yeah, but it was long after he stood up there and then defied the federal government in RIP Janet Reno and asked,
and made a jackass by pandering the old green toothed Cubans on the alien business.
It was long after that and they still voted for him.
You see, I've said it for you, sir.
That's just voters stupidity.
The people in Dade County get exactly what they deserve.
Just kissed the ground, you live in Broward.
And that's just voter apathy that that's that.
No, the two you had to write the first time.
Okay, hey, have a great day.
State officials said yesterday they're ready to start looking at voter fraud announcement that came the same day
a judge threw out out, Gordon's election challenge, partly because Democrats failed to prove fraud.
The State Division's elections will refer seven cases of possible fraud to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement,
or the next day or two, said Christie Bronson, the Division's Assistant General Counsel,
the criminal referrals probably come too late to affect the outcome of one of the most hotly contested presidential races in history.
Bronson said there's been no delay in processing the complaints made of the state's voter fraud hotline,
but Florida has yet to follow up on some written complaints of voter irregularities,
and dozens of other complaints won't be reviewed because telephone callers didn't give specific enough information.
There were thousands of cases of fraud.
But like I said before, at this point, the horse is already out of the barn and 20 miles up the road.
And to try to prove them now, to try to document them, and to try to know them, I mean, people can come along now and make any claim that they want.
I know my vote sure didn't count. I just made that up, but I'll say it again.
My vote didn't count because my ballot didn't have any holes in it.
I just kept punching and punching and punching those old ladies sitting there.
5.6705.60.505.60.
Look at this. The dollar's up 265. And then I just accept 170 points.
Do you think that I actually made for once in my life my timing?
Because it's just a matter of luck. They always say that people have tried to time the market, forget about it.
You can't do it. Even the even more and buff it all these so-called experts, you just can't do it.
You have to have a crystal ball. You have to get that tarot card reader on there, and you still can't do it.
But maybe just finally, after all, oh, and I should mention that Xerox is four bucks.
Now, see, that's my anniversary gift for the rumors.
For both of them is not the thing rumor and his brother-in-law for giving me that big song at the end about Xerox that I brought at 25, a thousand shares, which is now four bucks.
And well, on the way to bankruptcy.
I don't want to mention on the ear that I called my good close friend, Mitch Hershier, that I said, well, what do you think it's five bucks should we buy another thousand shares?
How much lower can it go? And he said, no, no, they could go belly up.
And all this business about, well, somebody's going to come along and buy them out. The problem is they got so much goddamn debt.
Nobody wants to buy them out.
Because it cost a lot of money for those old Roman Togas.
How do you like that?
I think we probably got a cannon copy. You don't want to?
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQF.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your blame.
Any question?
I'm ready to fight.
I want to be like you.
I want to be like you.
I'm like you.
Yeah, go.
I like you.
I don't push you.
Let me know that you'll be you.
I believe I am human.
I have human emotions.
I'm like George W who did not.
Well, he's a king in a party, yeah.
I text this VIP.
Turn it worse than most of that George Bush.
He's a hero to me.
Well, he wants to stop the copy.
Because he's in the scene.
He fried his brain on the party train.
With that wacky wings.
Hope I meet like you.
I want like you.
Just like you is true.
Hey, George Bush.
All you need is a little post.
And you could be I leader.
Oh.
Let me portate at 560 WQF.
Seminole Ballot Case may hinge on 1996 ruling says the Orlando Sentinel today.
Four years ago, employees in the Volusia County elections office ordered 6,000 absentee ballots
and re making them with a felt tipped pen because the machine couldn't read the marks made by voters.
The loser in a race for sure.
If Gus Beckstrom Jr sued, the case went to the Florida Supreme Court.
The justice is hardly criticized.
Volusia is a supervisor elections.
Dini Lo for what happened.
But they didn't throw out the votes in that race and come and share a Bob Vogel hell on to his win.
Four years later, lawyers and legal experts predict the ruling in the Volusia case signals what is likely to happen.
In the lawsuit over Seminole County's 15,000 absentee ballots.
Longwood Democrat Harry Jacobs is asking the Albee thrown out that he prevails.
It could tip the election to Al Gore.
Gerald Richmond, Jacobs attorney said Monday that he hadn't analyzed the Beckstrom case.
But legal experts have been saying for weeks that Jacobs is unlikely to win.
Will this bird fly in my view no way said Don, why didn't there are Jacksonville attorney who represented Beckstrom.
In the Volusia case, the court ruled that elections officials don't have to be perfect.
All they have to do is substantially comply with the law said Donald lively Dina Florida Coastal School of Law in Jacksonville.
That will be one of the key issues before State Circuit Judge Nikki Clark, who scheduled a preside over the Seminole case tomorrow on Tallahassee,
a pretrial hearing and scheduled today at 130.
Attorneys for Seminole Supervisor election Sandy Gordar, Inspector West, the case be dismissed.
Gord allowed GOP employees to work for three weeks out of a backroom in her office,
writing in voter ID numbers on postcards and voters requesting absentee ballots.
That don't sound too promising does it George? No. No.
Our poll on our website nearrodgers.com, now that he's lost in court again,
Al Gore should either concede or exhaust all legal options and it's still tighter than a muskrat's rectum.
Concede 109, 48%. Exhaust all legal options 119, 52% out of 228 votes already. Very tight.
Look at that. The Dow is just ranging on being up 300 points. What did I tell you?
Timing was perfect. Nice going. And that the zero ox, well nobody's perfect, rumor.
Especially you. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, how are you? Okay.
Okay. A couple of things.
I was listening to MPR yesterday and they said that if the Florida Legislator decides to go ahead and elect their own slate of electors,
that there's also democratically controlled states that can do the same.
Instead of West Virginia was won by Bush, they can say, well screw you.
This is continuing to plot, of course, if some of it will get over thrown, which I don't think it's gonna.
But that's what they said. They had the Florida, the Yazd-Belowder on there yesterday.
I don't know if he listened to it or not, but he may not have. I never listened to him.
Okay. Well, it was like a form. There was a Democrat who was Republican and they were letting people call in.
So it was pretty interesting. But anyway, that's what they were mentioning that.
If they do, if the Florida Legislator decides to go ahead and do that, they can overturn some of their own electors in other states.
So just keep that in mind. Well, if anybody in other states like West Virginia talking about that or any of the state legislatures flew out.
No, they weren't. No, but that's what the Democrat would seem to me that they really take a great political risk by doing that,
because they would be, you know, plotting the will of the voters in their own state.
Right. Well, that's what they were saying. If the Florida legislature here goes ahead and does that without the court being, you know, dissolved,
whether whatever happens with the court cases, they do that before the court case gets dissolved. That's what they could do.
That's what they're saying. Just like, you know, got you there, we can get you back here.
I don't know if it makes any sense, but that's what they were talking about.
I wouldn't hold my breath. Okay. We won't. But anyway, Gorsucks. I mean, voice sucks.
Okay. Well, I think you got to write. He says Gorsucks and voice sucks. We would vote.
Yeah. See, it was a slip of the time, but I think God made him do it. Who made him do it? Yeah. Yeah. You're right. They both suck.
That's why we're in this mess that we're in right now because the country's right down the middle.
Undecided on which one is the most dangerous? Which one is the least stupid? Which one is the least wooden?
Is it Roman? Here's in my imagination. It feels like somebody's been passing you around with the AC. It's Roman. Here. Trust me.
Look at that. The Dow is up 322 points up to all. It's getting close to 10,900.
And the NASDAQ's up 198 almost. It's over 20,800 again. We only got 2400 points to go on the NASDAQ.
We have to get back to the high. 20800 points. Nice going, Mitch. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil. We're in this team. Neil. Man, I'm really sorry what's happening to our goal on board. He's only going to be the one left without a job.
Think about it. Leave him. It's going to be in the Senate. Voice is going to be your president. Yeah.
And Cheney is going to be the vice president. Yeah, but I hear there's an opening at Madame Tussauds Wax Museum. Maybe I'll confill it. You can fill it down.
I don't know. I mean, that feel bad for him. What's going to happen to this poor cop?
Well, send him some money. I'll send some money. Okay. Speaking of that, the Sun Sentinel has an AP article here. And for some strange reason, they don't put in the website.
Maybe somebody not until call or fax to us what they are. It says gross site soliciting donations with the fight over recounting Florida's presidential ballots that are going to get fourth week.
Vice president Al Gore's campaign has begun a new fundraising effort. The Gore campaign took in three million dollars within a few days after a election day.
Then stopped its fundraising. But the campaign's website now features a plea for more money. It's first fundraising on the internet for the recount battle George W. Bush's campaign already has raised more than six million for its recount expenses.
And its website and supporters to keep giving and seeking contributions. The world website says the money helps us pay for legal representation as well as the hundreds of monitors and supports that needed to oversee the recount.
Under federal law, there are no limits to the size of the donations for legal fight and the parties do not have to identify their contributors corporate and union contributions are prohibited.
The Gore campaign is not limiting the size of its contributions but promises to disclose the names of its donors. Bush is not accepting donations larger than five grand and is posting the names of his contributors on the web.
He's received thousands of small contributions beside the four-figure donations. It's an ice article, but it doesn't give either one of the websites.
I'm sure a lot of you folks out there would like to write out a check for either one of the above or both or whatever.
Or maybe for George because it's his birthday tomorrow. He still hasn't got a summer book bonus yet. And you better get that one because as far as the fall book is concerned.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, that felt good.
Yeah. No, okay, good. Have another one for us. Thank you.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That was another bush guy, by the way.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Two comments. Okay.
Number one, the Atlanta case that you spoke about. I don't know the details of the facts, but what you read said that the supervisor election herself or himself did it in the office in the some, some, some,
in the office case, it involves outside Republican operators coming in that committed fellow. He's even a couple of Republican guys say it. That's quite a difference.
Okay.
And of course we have two things for the young to consider. You know, you can drink in Coraz until you're 42 and then you can run for president.
At the same time, you can come in to fraud and get an election thrown out. And there's no problem, even though the ones were changed. And finally, I would recommend that since it's so easy to do because of the shape of Florida.
We circumcised the Southern Valley State County from Florida and let it float toward Cuba.
The Forskian, Tostor Forskian South. Yeah. Sounds good to me. Maybe Castillo can have it for supper. 5, 6, 7, when you're laughing, but over in Spain, you know, the bull fights that I want to tell you what one of the great delicacies over there. That's no bull.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Maybe the Abuelos were looking for a little breakfast or something when they were down here checking things out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm telling you there's something with line one. But you hear that? Oh no. Okay. I'm a little a little torn on that one because they don't. They do call, but then they vanish in the last couple of days.
Our phone system is like deteriorating and degrading. But you know, some stuff don't, he's not worried about it. Good luck. This instant. Yeah.
Did I mention about Bill Tanner's a quadruple bypass? I don't think I did. Bill Tanner, all consultant. Anybody remember Bill Tanner from Y100? No.
He's, we're in hell of this story. It was also in the story by our close personal friend, Kevin Bastard in the Harold.
Who writes this big puff piece about Eric Brandon, this jocky at magic. No Eric Brandon with that big phony, clasted voice. No.
He plays oldies on magic. Well, he wanted to run for Mayor of Miami Lakes, which is a job that pays to grand a year. And the FCC told him just like they told Howard when he wanted to run for Mayor of New York. Well, that's fine. You can go ahead and do that, but you'll have to get off the year because otherwise you owe equal time.
And he said, okay, I guess I'll stay on the year and forget about Mayor of Miami Lakes for to grand a year. Big puff piece about that. Big deal, Eric.
But here it says Bill Tanner or radio legends and softwares recovering from quadruple bypass surgery performed after Thanksgiving in this hometown of Birmingham, Alabama.
A popular morning DJ and program director while in 100 in the 70s and 80s. Tanner was part of the team to help launch power 96 as a music station.
He's currently executive as president of programming for Miami based Spanish broadcasting system as well as consultant to many English language station and voting power.
And you also have QYM Kevin, but then again, you would have had to mention us. You don't want to do that. That's okay. That's okay, Kevin bastard.
At least the owns a radio, we think. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello.
April. What is it? Dale. Yes, sir.
I caught you really know that they have billboard up here in West Palm. It says prevent voter fraud. And after this torn down, you can't even read the number.
Yeah. I just think it's not a conspiracy. Okay, thanks probably the builder, but there's a thing. Maybe the illuminati five six seven. I got 400 open lines again. They're all p to ring out today. That's okay.
I'll play that hockey highlight over and over again from last night's game. Pretty damn exciting. There's your bowl next time get the name right, Joe. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T in Verizon wireless line. Oh, we actually have a call from Naples. That's exciting. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. We told the bees over here that we got to have you on the air with drowning in a sea of fascism. Yeah. So I know we got 12,000 more votes. You could read the story on salon dot com. No. Yeah.
Kathy has hired a fund to purge the voter rolls of the felons. Oh, yeah. Yeah. We had that many days ago. Yeah.
It's a new story. It's not a new story. Let's say it against it. It's an old story. It's an old story. Don't tell me it's a new story. It's an old story from weeks ago. Remember that story about that and about eight thousand of men to get back on there, but another four thousand did not.
She won't think about you people over the West Coast. I don't have no idea why you listen to this program because you can't tell you people anything. I tell them one thing we had a couple weeks ago without getting argument. No, it's a new story. It's not a new frickin story in addition to which it's old news.
Like I said, get a life over there. Of course, you got to understand where they are. The pony by the time he gets over there. It's like weeks later, usually. And who the hell can blame him just like that's one of the reasons our
texture up here late so much that pony gets a broken down somewhere along the goddamn Hershey highway. God are they something on a West Coast and yeah, I'm glad we're on over there because it makes me feel so much better about being here. And there are a few things that do that for me, but that's one thing that does is not being there.
Roooh! Rhymes with Yahoo! 26 after 11 and 560 W to QAM.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio Live 60. QAM. How young is too young?
Yeah!
Oh, right.
She looks 25 but she's just a teen.
That goes.
I'm glad you got my facts earlier. Please tell George I'm sorry for not to say happy birthday. Happy birthday, George from Frank. By the way, your keychain is awesome.
And guess what, they're all gone. If you ordered one on the internet, don't panic. It'll get to you because they've already been set aside for the orders. But other than that, they're gone. I told you I warned you. I warned you. But our best and the LCDs and cassettes, of course, are still available from NeilRangers.com or wqam.com.
Or it's facts all over Dave Broward and Palm Beach and Naples and Four Meyers. We better get that damn thing going. Anybody see Miguel lately? Because I don't know what our total is. It would be actually, you know, weekly at least once a week would be nice to be able to go into the air awards like everybody else in the building is today.
You have to be kidding. Did you notice all the suits that I had? Why? As Blop putty was all dressed up or oh, it's the air awards. You have to be joking.
This radio station is going to the air awards. The Hanks up for the word. I think this radio Stem Miguel's here. He's not getting no award. He just looking for a paycheck. But this place that puts commercials on it.
Hey, we're not a craver. The stored in crappin' with voices from hell. We're starting to put voices on it like make Lenny Martez sound like Walter Cromkite. Yeah.
That's the kind of crap we put on the year here. We got little kids that sound like high school kids doing sports reports, little jocks and if we have chronic gambling problems already.
And we're getting a guy named award. You have to be joking me.
Oh, that's right. Hanks getting that award. Now, is that part of this thing today? I got it.
And they're going to go. That's right. That's why Booge is not there. I thought maybe Hank had a real day off today. No, he's a...
Hey, stupid. Getting that award. He's actually showing up for it. God, he's catching on for me. He's fighting anyway to get a day off. Nice going, Humber.
So why are the march of diamonds radio experts? Because there's no more polio anymore. So they have got something I have to have something to do.
Damn, Jonah Sock, then you put them out of business. Is there polio anymore? No, I mean, where? Huh? No. Not if you don't want it. Oh. So what else are they going to do?
But who are they to give out a word in addition to which when it comes to nickels and diamonds were very placed and they can choose them this place? You ought to know that.
I think line one is screwed up. And of course, I could screen sit here and scream about the phone lines, but Bluff has got another busman's holiday because he's at the radio awards. Good luck. This instant.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing today?
I'm trying to figure something out when George Sock's in in Tallahassee rule. Not enough evidence for war to start counting. Well, isn't he evidence to the balance that he never looked at? Well, evidently not according to him.
But don't confuse him with those ballots. Okay. And the other question I have is this George Nikki Taylor and Seminole. If she wrote Nikki Taylor. Yeah.
Well, is that not her name? I hear she's going to have Robbie need of our account in the votes up there. That maybe they can get the two of them together. If she rules that all the ballots are thrown out because of the tampering, they go.
A busiest team goes right to. For the Supreme Court. Right. And that's where everything is basically going to be describing the Supreme Court. Which they both sides knew that all along.
So this was just a delay tactic just to get it up there. Sure. Well, I mean, they're not the ones that filed this lawsuit. But, you know, I mean, all of these things have to go through the process and the longer that they dick around and screw on. That's why they call this many witnesses. They could without making you too embarrassing in the case before George Sock's up there because then it dragged out instead of being done on Friday or Saturday. It dragged it out through the whole weekend. Right. Right. I call someone to do. Sure. Go ahead. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound.
5 6 the on a TNT and for rise. Lots of green spans said the Fed must be alert to responding. Maybe slowing too much, which means that they're going to cut those interest rates soon. None of people invested.
None of our people investing. We get to equity markets, consignal excessive softness and household spending, which means I told you. That's why cross that thing out of Hank was right yesterday that the damn time direct brings us that spot about a recession. We're not having no recession. I crossed that out.
I mean, it's one thing to try to pedal our stuff on here, which is fine. Everybody's got to make a living. But don't be put in scare taxes into our spots and expecting us to read that on your Hank today. It's quite a cross that out yesterday. We used to read it. I did the same today. Todd Dweck. If anybody ever lived up to his name, man, they're truth and advertising Todd Dweck. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Fort Myers. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah.
Yeah. 0x4 1 1 1.5 bucks. Yeah. Well, you know, it goes up and goes down, you know, and you know, squeeze it. You know, they and the record is skipping. Push the tone on, man. Bye.
Okay. That's the same asshole I called before. Push this. Okay. Correct them. In fact, you know, it will be a real good idea with that guy.
Push from. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Almost every line of the board is open now. Look at that. Okay. Game over. How's the pool coming? Well, kill about 10 seconds.
If it's reloading now, it says, nobody's lost in court. Again, Al Gore should concede 122 45% exhaust all legal options. 149 55%. Beginning was very, very tight. But as the show goes on, more of those hard liners, more of those home.
I told Al to say, what's another day or two? Actually, we waited this long after we've gone through all this legal haranging. What's another big day or two? And maybe they got a point. Or maybe not. I voted concede. I think it's time to get all of this shenanigans behind us. We know that it was still in fair and square and life will have to go on. That's all. We'll have to deal with another ways.
Here's a mobile and cross bring. Hello. Hi, Neal. How you doing? Okay, sir. Good. I heard a serious question for you. The problem I'm having with a lot of it going on. And I guess I should ask you is the Orlando Sentinel known as Concerto newspaper? Sure. It is. Okay. Well, that may explain part of what my question is about. There's no consequences for voter fraud. And let's just all do it. I mean, what we're talking about, Sentinel on Martin Island. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Do you Orlando Sentinel? I would say like I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not
going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything. I was expecting this but the thing was I was expecting this and I was expecting this.
you county four years ago there's a strong possibility that they may go back to
that uh... as a person
right
but i think that that doesn't make it a bad newspaper fact that quite
practically it beats what we got here
i appreciate that but you know that the fact of being the same that that we
some consequences for four right
and you know if it can go on just just just the one line in there where it says
the court world that election that this is the floor to supreme court
elections officials don't have to be perfect all they have to do is
substantially comply with the law well first of all she didn't comply with
the law because it was it was there were a couple of these being committed
but secondly what can look at what kind of a law that
in other words as long as they don't too much bad crap that it's okay
right i mean i'm i'm able to put the society whether the goal of the
first day they just a long right
i think they'll have a great day
yet but easy to law and order people don't understand
how those dimples coming in Texas they still counting those uh... good
five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to you
rise and wireless line don't forget Alan Greenspan said you better call up
your broker and by by by why would both hands baby
specially that no key of anything is how to take it off what i tell you folks
taken off its skyrocketing
and cisco i said uh... said that mature she said what about cisco i think about
each of the stock so about the other anyone like that i said buy it
as well
okay okay
see you are not six rox
murters
best of the urges two thousand
nine
against folded
best so
holiday
you gotta
ladies

Who could prepare the Neil Rogers Kee-Kee with great sound event?
It puts the lotion in the basket!
That's the American fine wing!
Oh, those times is classic!
The best of Neil Rogers 2000 from Sports Radio 560 QA-Hand Florida Sucks!
Recent court rulings concerning the sexual orientation of scut masters has made it nearly impossible for the average parent to know what kind of scouting experience their son can expect.
But one organization has a reason to make things perfectly clear.
The gay scouts!
Okay, Troop! Time to set up cow!
That has been pitching a tent for hours!
The gay scouts will teach your son the art of self-preservation in the wild.
Oh, I mean, it's natural light!
How are we going to get the fire going?
That's okay. We can make our own body heat.
When your son joins the gay scouts, he'll hear late night ghost stories.
And when the severed body was sound, he was wearing a ton of Quran on thumb with clashing the pelts that have been out of season since the Labor Day.
Oh, that was the scariest thing I ever heard!
So if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men, have him join the gay scouts today, where our motto is...
To be prepared to strike your staff!
To be prepared!
It's November 45 at 5.65 WQM.
Luke Shambi will be here for Hank at 2, because the hump is getting that radio award from the Marger Dimes No Less.
You know, I don't want to say it.
What does that say?
No, that's tomorrow night.
We got the game, the islander's here against the Panthers.
I want to make a prediction, by the way.
Because I know it's been coming for a long time.
But I just have this feeling that if the Panthers lose to the islanders tomorrow night, which should be pretty unacceptable.
But and unlikely.
But if that should happen, I think that's it.
I think that all of us who are getting real tired of the Emory Boys Act can say,
BANG BANG BANG!
That should happen.
I think that will be the straw that broke their back.
Anyway, we got the Boogey 2.
We got the Boogey Lamar Thomas at 5.
Mad Dog Man at 6 o'clock tonight making a rear appearance and 80k 10.
Scouts through the school board.
Action follows ban on organization, accusing the Broward School Board of a blatant form of viewpoint discrimination.
Viewpoint discrimination.
The Boy Scouts of America's answer to federal judge to halt the organization's imminent eviction from the district's 215 schools and centers.
That is one of the most ludicrous terms I've ever heard in my life.
Viewpoint discrimination.
See what they don't understand is that everybody with any common sense at all has said,
you have a right to be bigoted, you have to write to exclude anybody you want.
But that means that we don't have to give you any public funds, number one.
And number two, we certainly don't, I won't allow you to use any public facilities that are paid for by the taxpayers.
The Boy Scouts filed suit in the U.S. District Court, Miami yesterday against the school board,
superintendent Frank Till, and each of the board's nine members,
charging them with violating the organization's first amendment rights of access to an open form.
In this case, government operated school facilities, no dates been set yet for a hearing.
Attorney is representing the Scouts, they believe it's the first time the 92-year-old organization is suit a school district.
Now here comes the best part.
We believe the Broward School District is singling out the Boy Scouts because they've taken exception to our first amendment right to freedom of association.
Said Jeff Furman, Scott Executive for the South Florida Council of Boy Scouts,
which oversees troops in Broward, Miami-Dade, Monroe counties, our right to freedom of association.
So really what, if there is really a freedom of association for organizations like this,
which are quasi-publics, so it's often been said, then they would have a right to exclude black, Jews, Chinese,
Japanese, Mexican, Cuban, Puerto Ricans, Eskimos, anybody they want.
Well, we just want to associate with that.
The first amendment right to freedom of association.
You see, as an individual, you have a right to associate with anybody you want.
And even as a group, you have a right to associate with anybody you want unless,
unless you expect to get public funds or use public facilities.
In which case the answer is very clearly, no, no way.
The Broward School Board unanimously voted to do their thing.
I feel very comfortable with my decision in light of the contract they executed of their own volition that said they would not discriminate based on sexual orientation,
school board chairman Paul Eichner said.
Is the school board going to cave in? No, of course not. No chance.
In New York, schools chant for a Harold Levy on December 1, or New York City Public Schools to quit sponsoring Boyz God activities.
The policy prohibits the school district from sponsoring troops or allowing recruiting during school hours.
But the Scouts will be able to use school property for troop meetings after hours, unfortunately.
In Los Angeles, on November 20, at the LACD Council voted to sever all pines with the Boyz Gods and to charge them fees to use city owned property.
In Framingham, Massachusetts, the school district in September banned Boyz Gods from recruiting in the schools and in Canton,
Plymouth, Michigan, the school district is considering a measure to ban the Scouts entirely from school property before and after school.
But you're messing with our right to our Freedom of Association.
That line right there tells you everything you need to know and it brings me back full cycle 24 years ago to Anita Bryant and Alvin Dark and all those other far-bison to go.
I write to discriminate. Those are the exact words they were using. I write to discriminate.
Say anybody seen Anita late? No. No. She's still squeezing it. Any orange juice too. Only not getting paid for it. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. I think you better accept that. Yeah, okay. Go go bring some more moonshine. Okay, pal? Or go hang out with Mike moonshine, whichever makes you happy, whichever turns you on.
567.0560.0.560 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line. I think it's going to be a see the phone is screwed up line. Two doesn't say where it is. This whole phone thing is all dicked up.
Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, when your bags show. Okay. Yeah, they're out there now. That's all we're going to get. Here's four Myers. Hello. Yeah, I got a quick political poem for you. Okay, good. 567.0560.
Yeah, well, this is the moment. Yeah, I'm always saying this because you can feel it. You can smell it. This is the moment the well ran dry. So I say it's definitely time to concede. Huh? No, you can tell where rolled on the wrong, rolled them along day after day. And then all of a sudden you reach a moment like this and that's it. They're out of material.
The economy's coming back. That's right. Now it's up to about 285. That's that's up to 203 points. And that's it.
They're on the phone with their broker saying it's time to buy. I agree. So I'm more important to call your broker and buy a whole bunch of stock than to be calling me. I would agree with that.
Because I got some great European music. I'm going to be playing here and maybe even some American music that I like that you'll probably most of you hate. That's too bad. That's where it goes. We'll see you.
567. It's too hot in here, George. I'm telling you right now.
I was talking about 73 degrees in here in the air and even blowing and man when it's not blowing I start getting real nervous.
Okay, let's see if we have anybody. See line two still on say where it's from because this phone thing is all messed up.
In fact, maybe the phone is screening things out so that we only get assholes on because it's worked for about 20 minutes real well.
Here's line two somewhere. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
If I can say one thing, Neil, that I think that this whole thing with Judge Saul's and the rest of this stuff, I agree with you.
It may be time for him to concede. I don't have a problem if he keeps on going. But I believe that one message that Saul's giving us as a community who public and the Democrats together is when it's all over, that's banned and high price blowers and politicians are going to leave town and who's going to be left.
All the little people and I think his judgment is a signal to people with band together as a community because Ford is looking bad up as it is and it's time for us to show these high political people that guess what?
The guys can do it right. Human air is there. Yes, nobody's perfect, but I think if this happened in any other state, it would be as bad or worse.
So let's band together. So that was the message that the judge was sending.
I believe that that's a theme. I think that's a theme. Whether you agree with it or not, okay?
It's a theme that at the end of all this gets what he throughout this court thing, which I watched a bit of it, I think he was proud of some of these simple people there, whether they be back with people, whatever none the less, they're all part of our community.
And they did the best that they could under the circumstances and I don't believe anybody anywhere in the country could have done any better.
We're just regular people. Do you want us to stop trying to get it right? Unfortunately you want to play log against facts, blah, blah, blah, get what?
You want to play log against facts? Well, it wasn't right when OJ got off and maybe it's right right away.
It will favor your tremendously well thought out theory there. Oh my God. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and see these are the people who voted.
Look, I've told you before and there's nothing wrong with being done. There's a lot of done people out there. Many of them are very nice.
I mean, there's some people that are done but then sawed us in the very nice and some of them even looked pretty good. And when they look real good, you don't care how smart they are, do you?
No, of course not. Not necessarily. All depends on how much time you want to spend on them. I will with them. New them.
But I mean, let's face it, this idea that we have so many morons out there voting. It should be terrifying and stupifying if I can say that. Can I say it? No. Sorry.
Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello. Yeah, hi, I do. Yes, sir. Okay. Something very interesting happened today. Joe Lieberman was interviewed on CNN. I don't think you saw these videos.
I saw a little bit of it. I put his push on the air from about 10 seconds. I think so.
But he said something. I really made a lot of sense. And here's what he said. He said that a Bush is elected president. And if the votes, you know, the dispute votes are not counted now.
You know, let's say, you know, they all go against our goal. And say George Bush is one in his president. He will be. Yes.
What Lieberman said Lieberman said that sooner or later, those votes that were not counted. We don't think that's not a bullet.
And we've talked about that for days now. And so a lot of other people. Maybe Lieberman's a little bit slow. Maybe it's not going to him.
But how does that affect? I mean, how would how would the country feel that the elected president that really won the election?
What would do with bring a lot more badwill to Bush and Republican Party? But maybe that's not a bad thing. Maybe it's not, but just when you steal election, you deserve to have badwill. So what's wrong with that? I'd rather have badwill and George will.
No, I would. I would. Anyway, that I just wanted to mention that to you. Okay. Have a good.
Please find the catching up with reality that.
Oh, he's a great article by Bob Herbert in New York Times about the time delay. We'll get to that after the end of the break.
See now the air is I mean, did I say the news break? What? Oh, God, I must be losing it. Wow, the news break.
At a radio station where we don't even have a God damn newswire and thanks profusely to all you people who have been especially doing the election, but all the time, fact in me all of this good stuff during the A Leon days and doing any time there's anything important going on.
We got a whole bunch of listeners out there who fact me great stuff and I appreciate it more than you'll ever know because other than that and this TV that we got in here, thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite, this thanks to digital world satellite.
Other than that, we got no contact with the outside. We don't even have a God damn window.
Because that's the beastly in the Greg Reed effing way. And of course they they're not here and that because they're too busy getting the words today.
Oh, yeah, probably get some awards for those great spots.
Especially those red roughened source spots. Those are my favorite. Oh, God, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. You know what I would like before the day ends today.
I'd like to talk to a real person in the in the west coast on our 8 on at the 7 7 anything. Of course, it's almost noon so we're going off the air there in five minutes per hour.
But just like once today, I mean, we had so many assholes for over there, at least three or four because that's all the calls we got from there. But just one, there's got to be somebody over there who doesn't sound like a mugwump.
Don't they all sound like mugwumps? You know I'm talking about. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
I'm all right. Those are all right. Maybe they got one or two teeth. That's T E E F for those who don't be spelling too well. One or two teeth in their mouth. They're just good old boy. Yeah.
See, that's what happens when you spend too much time with your bandw up in the tree.
You start talking like that and sounding like that. Yeah, just like that.
It's 1156 at 560 QAM. This is 560 QAF for trade 0560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale of Beasley Broadcast.
WQAM.com for the world. Where your fudge back in?
This is the year that I'm going to get smart. Yeah.
The hot and dead friends. The hands already started.
I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a few
did the credit cards and so on. So we're approaching 70 grand and I said to them, we got
a good shot at 100 and he looked at me like, like that. But December is usually huge, right?
Because the best in the LCDs and consets are in T-shirts, etc. Our fantastic gifts for the
holidays, for Christmas and Hanukkah and Groundhog Day and whatever else we got. So you're used
to these high totals from the other place where all the other shows had also products and
were contributing and it was being promoted all day long. No. Even without that we still,
just without the best in the old stuff did a lot more than that on IOD. But that was like
almost real radio station. This is just a, you know, make-believe place and we're doing the best
that we can. Does this total of $2 great generous donations we've gotten from the
management here? Oh, forgot about those. Yeah, the website and you know something to show you how
slow it is and how weak you people are. I mean, this is just, it tears my guts out.
Because every year we work feverishly to put together some really funny and great stuff on the
CDs and the keychains were great. They went like five cakes and we should have had more than I
should point out. We went over budget making as many as we did. Well, why didn't you tell me about
that and to go out and put extra money? We had to get your approval just to get as many as we did.
We got 500 more than we did last year. Yeah, we should have gotten a thousand more. They would
go. That would be another 20 grand. But at any rate we got about 57 grand give or take.
But the website, 22,980 and I sat down here this morning. I thought the next, whatever they buy,
CD or consent, 20 bucks. We'll put us over the next hurdle and I'll like to 23,000.
Is that happened? No. Two hours that I've sat here? No. No.
Very sad. Specs, 17,740. Van hits, 15,860. Too bad we don't have any more people to help
them yell and out promotion to probably that might cost some money. Because we could have a lot more of
those Van appearances, 15,860. And of course, my contribution to 10 grand, which I would say is
to get the things started. So we got a long way to go. So we get out to specs and get the best
of the oldest CDs and cassettes, specs all over the day, Broward Palm Beach. And of course,
Naples in Fort Myers, a vegetable cell three or four over there, at least. At least.
Pretty weak. What do you expect here? Three minutes past noon at 560 WQM, Bob Herbert writes in
New York Times, Tom Delay spent many long months hiding in the tall grass and chuckling. While George
W. Bush traveled the country trying to spread the fiction of compassionate conservatism.
There's no room for compacting the politics of Tom Delay. New thing, which was a pussycat
compared with this compulsively combative congressman from Texas, who keeps braided whips in his office.
He's the house majority whip responsible for keeping the GOP troops in line. And whose nickname is
the hammer. How do you like that? Tom Delay is the hammer. Mr. Delay is exhibited more
clout in the house than anyone including the speaker. He led the impeachment charge for the
Republicans. And yes, his politics are extreme. Anyone trying to move further to the right
than Tom Delay is in danger of falling into the void. After the Columbine tragedy, Mr. Delay took
to the floor of the Congress to mount an impassant defense of guns and to ran against birth control,
vague care centers and teaching of evolution. Example, we have sterilized and contracepted our
families down the size of so small that the children we do have are so small, so small,
the material thing that they come to equate the receiving of the material would love.
Apparently, Mr. Delay's worldview is better to have more and poorer children.
After lying low for so long, Mr. Delay was eager to resume his hard right ways and start
exercising his clout in the high octane atmosphere of a George W. Bush victory. But as we know,
a weird thing happened. The presidential election ended in the virtual deadlock and the right wing
Halluia's had to be put on hold, which did not make the hammer happy. He quickly decided to go to
the mattresses. Just days after the election, he sent a staff member to Republicans and Congress
that virtually invited them to try to overturn Florida's electoral votes if it turned out they
were for Al Gore. The memo said the House and Senate could reject the state's electoral votes
if they decided the votes were tainted. The Times, Allison Mitchell wrote that a Republican close
to Mr. Delay described the memorandum as similar to the impeachment book his office set out in 1998
when Mr. Delay began providing information about impeachment to the Republicans.
Last week, when a thuggish gathering of Republican demonstrators tried this is a few days old,
tried to shut down the hand-recon operations in Miami-Dade County, it turned out that key
delay operatives were right there. As the Wall Street Journal reported, right up front on
television images of the event last Wednesday, where Thomas Pyle and A to GOP representative Tom Delay
and Michael Murphy, who works for a Delay fundraising committee. All of this particularly
is particularly ominous because it's becoming clearer by the day that George W. Bush is the
incredible shrinking frontman for the GOP. He may have espoused compassionate conservatism on the
stump, but Tom Delay and his crowd and their right-wing counterparts in the Senate and around the
country are committed to keeping the GOP mean and extreme don't look for W to stop them.
We keep hearing from the commentators, notice that most Americans are in the broad center of
the political spectrum, but you won't find Tom Delay and his hard-right followers in that vast
and reasonably tall and terrain. Mr. Delay, a one-time exterminator from Sugarland, Texas,
is a card-carrying extremist. He has called the Environmental Protection Agency the Gestapo of
the government. He has fought restrictions on pesticides and toxic waste and tried mightily
to undermine the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts. In one of his furious fights against gun
control he declared, the government hopefully would never turn on the people, but it's human nature
for it to do that if you don't have the deterrent of citizens bearing arms.
When Bob Dull was trying to figure out a way to end the stalemate during the government shutdown
crisis in early 1996, Mr. Delay reacted with an expletive and declared it's time for an all-out war.
Americans should get to know Tom Delay, know him well. He's a hard-right true believer in one of
the most powerful men in the government and he has the savvy and the energy that George W.
It does not. Right, Bob Herbert in New York Times November 30th.
Okay, here's a call from Cutler Ridge. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay.
I try to make my point quickly. First, I agree with you completely about the Boy Scouts.
I agree that a private organization has the right to take a bigoted point of view and exclude
people, but once they do that they've lost all rights to public assistance and public support.
Right. We do not allow the Clue Cluck plan to come in and recruit people in our public school system
and we cannot allow the Boy Scouts to come in and recruit children to hate home affectuals.
Right. Second point is I think we really understand where the Bush administration is coming from now
and what their whole point of running for this election was. Now that the special prosecutor has
called up Monica Winsky again for testimony, they can try to nail Bill Clinton. Just like I told you,
they will never ever let it go. And I feel that if Bush gets the electoral college that it's
important that at some point before January 20th that Clinton resigned and that Gore pardoned him
before the 20th so they cannot go hunt him down over the next four years. We just don't need that.
We had our trial, Congress has spoken, get over it people and I have a poll question for you
for a future date if you'd like to entertain it. Okay. Is it more important that Florida
ensure that our electors are cast in the College of electors or is it more important that they're
cast actor? Okay. Thank you. Have a great life. Yeah, maybe that's a good idea. Maybe Gore
ought to cut an auto resign today and then Gore becomes president and then he just says, okay,
I'm not leaving. What do you think about that? Not a bad idea. Makes a more fun talk show. Yeah.
And then he can call on Jerry Ford and he'll show him how the pardon thing works. 56670560.560
on the ATM. Make sure Jerry doesn't hit his head again this time. Okay, he's fallen down again lately.
But Neil Roger shows your sports radio 560's.
Come on, baby. Come play with these titties.
You're at my ain't this my ain't this my ain't this my
Hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers. That's funny little sound that comes right out. You think
it? Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do? Get paid for writing little songs about
my brains all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spits
girl I'm gonna fart on. And Dr. Dre asked, you little man, you passed him. Yeah, I know. What do I smell
man you look like? Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell that
five ripping gases and two things was pretty swell. I got this job when I took my
jeans off and farted so hard it turned my under one backwards like Chris Crosse. And every
night I'm like oh dinner has been fun out my ass fast and the fat nature ain't too fast.
Smell this honey. Yeah, wait a minute. That's my girl. I don't give a fuck. God sent me to
think the world up. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it.
My kids see you want to me kick out back in junior high. Said the problem was something
called out my ass and died. I shot him into face with my vapor. The worst happened later
when I covered his desk with you toilet paper. Walked in the strip club. My intestines were filled up.
Moons of Bob Tannin took a dump of the tip club. Went over to a dancer had a fucking
a garter. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a pharter. I just found out my mom got all
gas and I told her I drove up to be a famous rapper. They can rap at about strange no-unus.
They'd own the crap up. You know you would have dirt when the women first leave. He'd drive the
kids off and boom. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it.
Talk for us here. If you think there's pressure now you ain't heard nothing yet.
Florida Supreme Court announcement expected at 12.30. Just about 15 minutes from now. So
strap yourselves in. Buckle your seat belts. Get your armpits all lathered up because in 15 minutes
of 12.30 they've fought a Supreme Court. Well look at that. There's George W. He's always got
that same look on his face. You know what the word is for it? Dumb. I hate to say that.
But I'm gonna hear I stand still. Would I let that face it. America likes dumb. They like dumb
jocks. They like dumb celebrities. They like they like dumb and they also like substance abusers.
Robert Downey Jr. He's still very popular. Name me some other popular substance abusers quick.
OJ. OJ there's another order to say GW. What? What? The order to say our president possibly
liked GW. That's how he was talking about. Okay. Well I was on the phone. Oh.
How about George Bush? Oh. And of course Pompah Bush now saying read my hip. 56670560.560.
On the 18 teen for Ryan's and wireless line. Did we get that one call from a rational person
over on the four-mire? I mean we're out of the area there right now but I'm sure you're listening
on 56670. Didn't get it. 8772.3.877785.6345. It would make me feel so much better about life in
general. If just before the show ends it too today we hear just from one like living and breathing
person over there. If there is such a person. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hi Neil.
Yeah. I'm just half one maybe a stupid question ask you. Well let me first one. Okay.
I've sickens me to see all the primary energy weight zones in Rebo on the recount. Why don't
you just to reboat is that possible? A reboat where? That floor in the whole state just make everybody
reboat. Yeah okay two o'clock this afternoon okay. What he said was going to be a dumb question.
See what they should have done was a hand recount of all 38 counties where they have paper ballots
and where they were they count them by you know where they do this thing where they don't have
the optical scanners where you do this grotesque thing. Well but they're not going to do that.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. And then they keep saying well you know those
voting those counting machines they're pretty damn accurate. I mean only two to five percent margin
of error only two to five percent margin of error. Well you know six million votes five percent is
only 300 thousand and then you're going to have somebody win by 500 votes but they'll confuse people
with the facts because there have been so many lies and so by both sides so much garbage and so
much burbyish and so much spinning going on that it's a miracle that anybody even Linda Blair can't
keep her guard him and on straight. Here's a mobile and hi-a-lea hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir.
I'd like to request Scotch Badpikes for George's birthday today George or a Rodriguez for President.
Yeah thank you. Okay. Oh you want to your Scottish bagpipe? No. No. Here's a mobile and like worth.
I was going to play music. Mobile and Lake Worth. See that's online one again. I don't think
line one is functioning and line two wait a minute. Hello. No it doesn't work. The whole phone bank
is all screwed up as you ask me. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Uh if there had been fraud in this election the courts would have ruled that way.
It's just few people just don't get it. You don't get it. That at all. I mean you have a bunch of
ignorant voters that don't know how to vote. Well let me ask you a question. Sure. Now the case in
seven old counties going to be heard tomorrow before Judge Clark up there in Leon County and
now isn't that a case about fraud? You're going to see that when everything is said and done in
that case they're going to throw it out because there was no fraud. Uh huh. Oh my god. You got all
the answers sir. I really don't know. All I know is what I've read and so far it sounds really bad
to me and that's just not my opinion. That's what a whole lot of folks even many Republicans have
said. But don't confuse this guy with a fact see there's no way to have a conversation with
you sir because you just state your opinion as facts. That's it. And of course I'm the only one
that's allowed into that because it's my show. And even I'm wrong like once or twice a year.
Well what's the point of talking to a guy like that? He just states crap like facts. They're
going to find. I don't know what they're going to find. Any more than you do asshole. Five, six,
that. Now wait a minute. Is that call? Oh let's see that's highly. That's a bogus call. I thought
it was going to be a real call. In fact get rid of it. What are they? What do they call from
highly online? I want a West Coast call online. I would pay a lot of money. We had a threaten
them with murder to get them to put in that line for those people over there. Two or three
and we're paying for these cheap bastards of beastlies and we can't get a squeeze anything out
of those people. Well they keep insulting them and you know something they deserve it. Just
like when we're on here in the WSU and in those awful days when we're on in Tampa. Yeah that's
exactly what we said. And we were right on target. They deserve it. Another bunch of mug lumps.
Although they do have crystal. No not your crystal. And they have steak and shake. Which we have
here now too. Open over there right by the Sherrod station right by the sawgrass on some of my
boulevard just needs to flamingo and plantation. Why not give them some plugs okay they got good stuff.
That'll get even better once they get their act together. And those stick creamy milkshakes. I mean
real real thick with little cherry on top. Those chocolate milkshakes that steak and shake the
best. Unbelievable. So thick yet almost eat with the spoon. And not that I can eat any of that
stuff because I got and you know one of the great things about this Crab Solution. I'm not just
saying this because it's only a day and a half I'm honest thing now. But you're not hungry.
I'm sitting at the track last night and fat rich is shoveling the food down his
I mean just shoveling it down with both hands. Didn't phase me in and even pay attention
to what he was eating. Here's a mobile and tamarind. Hello. And the other looking at the pole you
got here. Exhaust all legal options and concede. Yes I can't believe what I'm reading here. Why?
I mean what you keep giving this money to all these lawyers and when all of that and done they're
going to fire away everyone's going to forget about it. And in four years it bush does a good job.
No one's going to even care about what's going on today. Yeah and what if he doesn't do a good job.
Well then we vote him out and we go with somebody else. Yeah why? I voted for concede. That's how I
voted. I mean you know the stocks are taking a crap. I know they're not the stocks are coming back great.
Thank goodness. Thank goodness Greenspan finally said something good because he doesn't want to look
like a jackass and have a recession now. He's you know kept down with the soft landing bulk crap.
Well guess what they they raised interest rates too many times like about twice too many now they're
trying to compensate for it and now the market's going through the roof again. Thank God. Let me
let's get us what happens if they do find fraud in seven old county. What goes on then? Well then
well the she finds that there was fraud and says we're going to throw those alley absentee ballots on.
Then the Republicans will appeal it to the Florida Supreme Court and that's up to them.
It's like no end in Cypher. Exactly that's I agree with you it's time to concede it's time to
we've had enough of this and I think that they were screwed but you know there comes a time when
you have to put everybody's interest ahead of your own and let's move on that's that's my feeling.
Tell Troy's happy birthday that's from his friend. Okay happy birthday from your friends George.
We all you know isn't it amazing how many friends we here?
They're all our friends are our best friends I have so many best friends I never even met you.
Even the ones that hate us. They're very most loyal friends. Some of them are a little bit on the
wacky side but you can be sure that they're there every minute of every day. 5, 6, 7, 5,
60 we're waiting here patiently don't forget one thirty there'll be a hearing before Judge Clark
up there. You think she's kin to Marsha Clark? No. No. A little bit darker. In fact if Marsha Clark
would have been as dark as this Clark, Nikki Clark, OJ might be he might have fried he might be
getting a juice right now. Florida Supreme Court announcement at 1230 this afternoon 130 they're
having a hearing and then they actually have the the thing. They're having they're having more
arguments in court at 130 before Judge Clark and then the hearing official is 130 tomorrow I believe
or three o'clock or whatever the hell it is. And like this last caller said I agree with them I'm
not the I'm just not one of those people that gives up easy but the fact is there comes a point in
time you have to examine in your own mind is it really possible now with all the shenanigans with
all the bull crap and of course this is what Baker and all the right wingers have been counting on
and then I think they're right. When you just throw enough crap up in the ear and you keep delaying
installing and when you lose enough time in the courts how many times can you keep appealing. So
we'll see what the Supreme Court says in seven minutes. Getting nervous I'm not. Here's a mobile and
Davey hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Okay I'm calm about I have ideas too and it's not if you say you can buy
a publics. What is the new limit? The I you say the full range of the name. Carb solutions.
Carb solutions and what exactly is like a drink? They they have three different products they got the
bars you know they're like the protein bars only they have almost no carbs. Actually tastes good
unlike the other ones and they have the powder you know the food to make the shakes and then they
have they have the pre-mixed high protein drink that's already in the bottles they're great. What
is that you supposed to do I mean how is supposed to help. I mean that's up to you you can replace
meals with them or for snacks or like I'm doing you can just go on this like most of the time and
they're it you know. Okay they're filling and they taste great. Okay well what what just like
light. Yeah no I can't drink it. I guess you're drinking right. Okay quick little question.
There were about 10 years ago gotten in yoga. Yeah jerk yeah. Oh I I I welcome that guy
we got coached you and we all listened to the last one and stuff it's great. You know okay great
have a great thing. 24 after I know I better take a break right now because 1230 we got that
big major announcement coming baby I'm on the internet seat. I don't give a **** anymore.
1229 is 560 WQ I talk about Husband Trent lot this factious piece of crap with his pom poms is
uh standing there. How can I try to come CNN. The first woman in the Republic of
New York and before the Supreme Court is going to be making a major announcement a minute
now like he's got to be stuck in the last five. You know that he's that soft and heartbeat.
We're not here go wait your pom poms. We're Fred now we're delighted to have you in our friendship
but see you rich and form a physical thing. You know. You know my favorite call to the
University of the guy who said every four years he's got to turn me off because I go through this
because I actually give my opinions. Now let me ask you something do my political opinions change
in between during those four years. Oh no. So what is that guy talking about?
I just I don't understand people and they're well the dial is up 264 baby. It was up over 300 it was
323 how's that Nasdaq doing is it hanging in there we hope that it'll be up over 200.
129 well that's pretty close close to 200 and they're all waiting hinging. Get this goddamn
fascist off my screen now and let's get the Florida Supreme Court on there.
That great goofy guy that's up there in Tallahassee the one that keeps marching out. We want to see
we want to see the doors of the courthouse up there because it leaks in man just like they kept
showing us the empty courtroom yesterday. You think MSNBC will be honored they got this bastard on
there too. Oh look at that just as I said that they're showing the doors of the guy and there's
the podium. Here we go. Here is Fred's that your bush and others this is the case that was in
the web sales court that the first district court of appeal certified to this court yesterday
evening. The Supreme Court will hear all argument at 10 a.m. Thursday December the 7th 2000.
We're going to follow some special procedures that are in a written document that will be
available to you after after this announcement. There will be a maximum of 30 minutes per side
for a total of one hour of argument scheduled. Again as you all know if the justice is wish to
ask questions beyond that period of time they can't extend the period if they wish to.
We have asked that briefs be filed also dealing with the question of whether the court should
exercise its jurisdiction by noon Wednesday December the 6th. Now let me go over some special
procedures. There's a few who were here at the last oral argument we're going to follow very
similar procedures to what we used before. There will be 28 reserved seats for the press
and the courtroom. We will once again have a lottery system the box is available in the building for
you to put your identification a business card copy of your credentials or whatever to be included
in the lottery. Once again there will only be one seat per news organization and by news
organization we mean the largest entity such as a network or whatever or QA. Other seats will
be available and those that are not reserved for attorneys and parties on the first come for
a serve basis and once again the line will start forming at 8 a.m.
Once the space in the court is full no one else will be permitted into the building.
Apart from court personnel there will be three self-autographers one will be chosen by the
associated press the two others will be designated by other photographers covering this news event.
We're asked for broadcast matters once again the court has designated Pat Roberts of the
Florida Association of Broadcasters to coordinate the broadcast matters including satellite uplinks
and note boxes and that's what it thinks. So please call it Robert's panel.
Now somehow the clerk of court also has a few comments to make. All right.
My last few words on your phone. There have been a few filings this morning in addition we've
we've gotten this order the more detailed order that Craig just read from. We will we are going
to revert back to the procedure that we were using last week for handing out copies. If people will
line up according to the way the marshal wants you on the steps we will let people in five at a time
to go to the front and use that baby and then come back out we'll do that pretty much the next
couple of days for handing out a copy. Thank you. Time table and procedure on the Supreme Court
we man matter and what can you tell us about somehow the court combining the two cases.
We just don't know at this point about whether whether these various cases will be combined.
Can you tell us how the justice is spent their morning this morning after receiving the official
certification from the first meeting? I don't know what manner that told you before they
meet in many different how they spent their morning all the media man I'm telling it they're
just tearing my kiske's head. The media is sick and it's hot. Oh God how did they spend their morning.
So there you go it just goes on and on and on and on. They're going to hear oral arguments.
Now briefs to the Supreme Court do by noon tomorrow and then they're going to hear oral and
anal arguments each side has a half hour 10 o'clock 10 to 11 on Thursday morning and of course now
maybe we'll be able to hear that I'm trying to think did we get no we didn't get any of the
arguments before the spring maybe we haven't had any oral arguments. Yeah we did yeah
remember the the grilled everybody are you sure the Florida Supreme Court you're thinking
yeah well that'll be good that'll kill an hour on Thursday that'll be excellent.
So I'll pull question I guess maybe a little bit moot but we'll keep it going now that he's
lost in court again Al Gore should concede 174 45 and a half percent exhaust all legal options 209
54 and a half percent this audience man they want to take it all away.
Here's a mobile and Davie hello. Yes sir I've got a question for you everybody about this election
I've talked to who they voted for the damn bullet train out of it by 70 percent what's
called a revote on the bullet train. A lot of really stupid people man I just want to say what
what counties was that a eligible to vote in with that what Tampa or Orlando down and down here right.
Oh I don't know is it only voted on in the counties where it's going to be running or was it
voted on? I don't know because I know I think I was statewide because the taxpayers are going to
have to vote for it all over the state. Well who the hell voted for it everybody I've talked
you said no they didn't vote for it. No I voted no I know I punched it so hard I put my name
first to the thing. I mean I voted early and often like you told me to vote it twice. Right.
I mean who the hell voted for that thing I've yet to meet somebody who voted for it. I mean here's
a deal where there's absolutely no funding it's like pie in the sky. Have you ever written on the
metro rail or the tri rail? Of course not nobody rides either one of those. Thank you. Okay.
We'll get charlock homes I have no idea a very good point. In fact when I came to it on the
ballot that day I was like kind of like smirking I was laughing a little bit like you got to
be kidding me that hasn't got a trineman's chance in purgatory. I come to find out it passes with ease
with ease. Don't confuse the voters with the facts man because they really know their crap.
1600 open lines here today 5667 0560.560 on the ATT you know what we need George?
closure. Yeah we need some that's America's favorite word we need closure something as
enclosure fly because it's embarrassing. Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Yes sir. Yes
boys has been thanking I'm always judges to follow the letter of the law
because tomorrow I guess what that does it might do follow the letter of the law and 4,000 votes
will be out the window for push. Yeah so I think that's just ways to go. You think she's
got a stick at two them huh? Oh yeah and I guess what's going to happen? I don't know. Then it
goes then also goes right to the photos of the supreme the photos of the supreme is man. Yeah but
yeah it's 4,000 votes. Okay we'll take it. In fact somebody on that awful show on CNN what's the name
of the show again? Talk back. Talk back. Somebody came up with a very weak line there but in the
audience they were like I like to suppress why they call them the supreme they ought to be singing
you keep me hanging on and I thought you really didn't say that did you and the audience go
to that land of that audience you know there's a bunch of those pickers those pickers and
it was funny because the one black woman she was laughing her ass off and her daughter who was
very attracted by the way young but say about 1820 whatever and she had a blank look on her face
because 1820 year old kids did all the supreme's from God then Chubby Checker who the hell you couldn't
you keep me hanging on my ass Marl what you'd be talking about kind of a rap song is that
I'm sorry hip hop 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
so they're going to hear all the name arguments Thursday and each side gets a half an hour
well that's one good thing you see when you're dealing with a Supreme Court both at the state and
federal level they don't do like it a regular courtroom where you know even though the judge
did allocate a certain amount of time and to their credit the attorneys are they're wearing short
instead of over but they don't ask you why I like that they say each side has a half an hour
and believe me I finished to have it we'll cut you off in mid sentence okay we'll show you
as in jail if you don't show up on that the thing rings when a red light goes on
well speaking of the red light goes on this time it comes it comes it comes it's got away
and the load comes off it comes it comes it comes it comes it comes it comes it comes
pull it out as they will see the difference of the result back of that door
cabling less than a minute the going out it's got the blitzings of the match and that comes
there is a pair of the blinds get down there is the double gap there is the double gap
oh damn it
the APS is gathered on start also don't make him a stick on the name he's still the best he is
either here I'm in the back of my neck just stand straight up when I hear Joe Bowen
anybody know who that is oh 21 before 1 at 560 WQA I got a great article by Robert
Sheer in the times that I'll read in a couple minutes says dear George winning is not all that bad
but Neil Roger show sports radio 560s QA and hey Whitney has a pair
fingers up Charlie we want our charred out thank you anyway welcome to ABC and spin city how's it
called so it's good it's good to be here yeah sure absolutely but it's kind of different from
what you've been doing in the press which is mainly ladies who work on Hollywood Boulevard
yeah thank you thank you
I know you've done a lot of women in gardens yes yeah but you know the beautiful how the luck
leader yes
all right so glad to like you did off yes yeah yeah um yeah I average about three and a half
oh that's not a scumbag America loves Charlie Sheen and of course that was Regis makes
the way in stump 17 before 1 at 560 WQM Robert Sheer writes in the New York Times dear George
you don't know me but I did interview your father a bunch of times and your recent
behavior shows warning signs of the intemperant quirkiness that finally did him in with the public
he was always just a wine away from claiming he'd been abused by someone manual noriega
s adam Hussein Bill Clinton there was good old boy photos of you and a cow cowboy had
pretend to be annoyed that big city slickers are ripping you off just didn't cut it your two
rich coddled and undeserving of your success to play the victim not everyone gets to be president the
other guy got more votes nationally and if that Florida fiasco had broken the other way you in
the girl camp would now be making the opposite arguments heck if the Florida Jews and blacks were
Republican voters your staff would be fervently in favor of choice for pregnant chads by deserving
but deserving or not it looks like you're going to be president and I suspect that's why you put
you into a dark funk you're scared and for good reason world voters rejected you the president
people demand more than that four hour workday you used to and you know painfully little about
the world you now expected to lead it must be unnerving then before one of those big tests at
Yale when even your tutor was hungover this is not gentleman cheese time this is being the 43rd
president of the United States galley there were only 42 others in our nation's history and
now it's come down to you you bet people will be seriously grading your performance not like in
Texas where the governor spends much time cutting ribbons casually signing execution orders and playing golf
it doesn't help that the old advisors your daddy sent over as your minders keep nodding off and the
ones who still have something on the ball such as Jim Baker are getting turlish in their dotage
dick chainy acts like he's the boss and treats you like some kid he's keeping out of trouble
condolese are rice is smart enough but she keeps giving speeches about withdrawing troops from
countries you didn't know existed so much to know so little time to cram it's gotten you so
anxious about being smart enough to pull this off that your severe teenage acne is returned
i know running for president was a lot of fun but now you're discovering with those mock
cabinet meetings you're holding that being president is real work the media won't let you
shrug off those fuzzy numbers there's a lot of annoying detail you have to know better get
plenty of those three by five index cards Ronald Reagan carried the remind himself of important stuff
but i didn't write this note to bum you out by dwelling on the incompetence thing all
contrary my advice is get over it even if that negative assessment is true as many appear to
believe you'd hardly be the first incompetent to inhabit the white house you're not irredeemably
inept and anyway there's no reason to compare yourself to that know what all al gror he's had eight
years of on the job training and one of the most successful administrations in modern history
but he couldn't carry the administration's home states of tenisee in Arkansas sure that brainy
stuff impresses people in New York and linoan california but gror forgot to keep his intelligence
hidden back home you had no such problem if the voters wanted brainy leaders gror would be
a vina shoo and instead of inscraping for chagging mommy beach clearly almost half of voters are
experiencing prosperity fatigue they forgotten that your father and Reagan ran up more red ink than
all the previous presidents combined and they're buying into supply side economics once again my advice
is to abandon that gop economic dogman that almost gave the country to the japanese forget that
nutty tax cut to the super rich that will only wipe out the surplus and prevent you from spending
federal dollars on all those projects your court consultants want big federal bucks brought roads
airports water electricity prisons huge military contracts and oil technology to the new capitalism
the southwest attack washington but grab those federal tax dollars it's the texas way however you're
going to be president of the whole country and the rest of the states wanting on that federal dollar
particularly those in the world backwater states that voted for you and couldn't survive without
congressional pork now george this is something you know a lot more about that you may think just use
the model of how you got all that public funding to build a new stadium for your baseball team in
Dallas the only mandate you have to be as moderate so don't answer pat robert's phone calls and
whatever happens keep smiling because that's what you're good at robert's here in the new york time
out of the getting editor nice going bobby right on target for intentional wrongdoing and they
talk about substantial compliance and we aren't you going to have a problem here because all what
this issue here isn't about fraudulent votes it's about absent it's about applications to get votes
so that people would be able to vote no one's blaming the votes were irregular
well the substantial compliance has been ruled by the florick courts to come
include properly filling out the ballot request you can't leave out as a matter of law you can't
leave out information its absence is the absence of substantial compliance as a matter of law
and what happened here is the voter registration numbers that to identify the voters were not on
there and the republicans came in and with the anivance of the supervisor of election filled in
those numbers that is illegal in and of itself and meets the standard of not being a substantially
in compliance with the law how do you like that i think maybe these other people have got more
smarts than i do these people are saying just stick on another day or two i think tomorrow
that hearing in seminal county on the rather and lea county on the seminal absentee ballots that
could be the trigger in the wood pile but i'll probably call that the nicky carcass
trigger in the wood pile that's bad that's what the bush people are probably calling on
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for rise and wireless line
here's for myers hello hey how you doing yeah i got to live i'm a living on breeding
uh... person over here for myers all right yeah i know it's amazing i'm wow i used to be over
for me it's coast so i guess i'm not original over here but i wind up over there uh... school okay
yeah but uh... okay anyway you know this is gonna be a big joke this whole thing here i was in
town how to this weekend visiting and the whole newspaper first four pages of that that crap
newspaper up there we're all about the selection bullshmit up there and it was in joke and wherever you
go you get these people these people all these uh political people up there you know hanging out
that's all they want to do to try to interview people people don't want to talk about their
bunch of idiots but uh... i got a solution to this whole thing brown and going to be
face the green court in the national Supreme Court this is going to the TV Supreme Court let's get
judge jutey fudge brown wapner all these old guys on there and just have their own Supreme Court
and they get the crap so you know yeah i think five browns to get to them yeah five brown eight is
thinking that five browns got to get his damn billboard off the off the turntide there he's still
got that stupid billboard up there i got to look at a stupid post every time i drive by there
okay we'll tear it down all right here okay thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the right there we'll call from four Myers from somebody under the age of a hundred
somebody to the left of a tiller behind now my day is made
now i can go home and have more of my car solutions
it's like a miracle i don't like he talking about it and people i hear all you would have fat
stuff i've been hearing it for a hundred years well that's true but most of us who are fat don't
want to be fat now some people who are fat do want to be fat i don't want to mention no names
did those keys come yet you know it's interesting that he can send over in uh in those uh
FedEx packages he can send over uh all the video tapes uh all everything that's ever been intended
fifty copies of screw magazine but those keys i mean how much space do a couple of keys take up
you could you could hide them in your rectum next to the cocaine
but uh i don't see them showing up and i'll say it again you only reason that it was called
last Thursday whatever day it was was to suck around so we could come in here with joy
but a fluke of another scumbag that we don't want any part of and the end even George said no
if that's what it takes to get any more of your free meals out of the answer is no the price is too high
at that i mean Ron Jeremy at least was a little bit of fun i wouldn't be with what was said
that he was sitting at close and i had a look at him it was in the middle of lunch hour because
it really uh screwed me all up for days but nevertheless he was a little bit of fun not too much
but a little but Joey but a fruco absolutely not where's the goddamn keys Patso
here's the mobile and four-letter day hello how you doing pretty good um the thing that scares me
more than anything with this is how stupid the country is is what i'm learning uh-huh to
vote for this man and not see him for what he is it's like the brainwashed religious right is the
way i see it and it scares me that the country um here but but to see that's the thing i find
for flexing is that most of the people who voted for him are not members of the brainwashed religious
right i just don't know who they are but i mean don't they see this man i mean if he had the first
chance to get marital once he'd be there he's so stupid he would he would film it i'm gonna show
it to his friends uh-huh another thing is um i can't just like that wedding or he was drinking it
i'm sorry yeah i can't picture this guy at the same table sitting down with jasa arifat and
you know clinton has that smile he's friendly he knows you know besides what he's done he knows
how to deal with people this guy scares me he he is not a mature intelligent human being who knows
what to do yeah do you see what i'm saying i know exactly what you're saying it's just not the man
i want to represent it's pretty hard to sit down with more leaders when you don't even know
uh-who they are or where their country where we're coming from or where that country is on a map
that's a thing right and like you said it doesn't seem to bother most americans they don't
understand that i just thought it just boggles my mind they don't see Jim Baker i mean how he's
so full of it and how he just uh brainwashes and they lie with the count the reek it i mean what's
what's with america i mean i'm no girl of a but i look at it objectively yeah and uh it's scary
this is how Hitler brainwash people convince them lie to any people are just naturally uh stupid i
don't know what your George w he's not uh sharpened up to be Hitler but i'm afraid the time
the latest so hang on tight keep that passport handy and jade is Baker not James Baker that virulent
anti-semit i'll say for the ten minute time can you just imagine how they're squeezing themselves
silly until they almost confine it thinking about those old Jews that got screwed up and voted not
as voted wrong but voted for papu cannon instead of gore they must be getting such a sexual
excitement out of that that uh to save this rabbit on the ear would probably allose our license
three rolls of bountaine as it gone through here's margate hello you're gonna have to know
it's the quick of pick up pick up or yes sir you know when people don't vote with their heads they're
voting with their emotions and what their emotions are has to do with race religion and money yeah
and if you have any question why people voted for bush it's so it's one or all of those above
that's motivating that's what that's what i want to say something the same thing
that's could have been said in 1996 when door lost in a pretty much of a landslide
well what what was the difference no no difference people people's priorities unfortunately
are uh in their emotions and not in their heads i think the difference was that al gore isn't even a
shadow of bill Clinton he they couldn't uh lick his finger well that's i like it in many ways that's
true but you know the reason i called me was because i've been after this to racial rapport
for a long time now and i understand there's an article in the Wall Street Journal that links
up with oddman kashoggi i don't know if that name marring's about with you no but he was a
an armed deal what he was his he played for now he was a very big arms dealer during the uh
bush the first bush administration and was involved in the iran contra uh situation yeah
and she was working for him at one time uh now she claims to be a democrat and she's the one
who's responsible for those butterfly ballots and uh and uh west and palm beach county so you know
this i i i don't agree with you i think that uh this should be taken to the limit and beyond
if necessary even beyond the limit if it began to be outer limits because an election that was
that was illegal gain the legally to me is never acceptable and i will do do do do do do do do
okay we'll take it to the twilight zone i'm never accepted uh the results of this election
and i don't think that our goal should either because uh you know if he really believes what he's
saying it would be impossible for him to be able to say well everything well i you know i hate
to break the nose to you and out but soon or later the day is going to have to come when
right what would he mean why why you know in other words it's going to go on to the
country how is the country suffering now i said sooner or you can hear what i just said yeah
sooner or later there has to be a day on which we decide this is the end and certainly a week
from today being the 12th of December you know as well as i do that the florida legislator isn't
gonna let that day come and pass without selecting a slate of electors for George Bush there is
absolutely no way the clock is ticking fast and we're down to the final day i understand that
however i would say this i may be resigned to the flanking that he got the final solution
but and i said have a great day is that what James Baker said oh
hearing at 130 in the assembly battle case that's just a hearing and then tomorrow that judge
he's going to give him what for i just have a feeling she's going to really stick it to him
1256 at 560 wqa m
420560 wqa m by heavy court-loverdale a beastly broad
hm wqa m dot com with a world hate but heads it's a one to two hour
all right
i need another abortion and i need it and i feel like a baby hanging out my ass
i'm hobbling and having trouble lifting my feet
and i quit the fake it lines down the street it'd be abortion shuffles
the abortion shuffles that's the got the end trouble
leave me out on the double
grab me in the stirrup can't be feeding out of my face
and i think from the tutors that i haven't worked and lactating milk all over my shirt
i'm walking like a damn pig and baby
after that mark some of hope again spread and stress to the abortion shuffles
the abortion shuffles
and just get the hanger on the double
abortion shuffles and fun water balls
get the end of the stirrup get the be out of the party
according to a preparation of group calling itself a justice and Florida committee
which supports the legal challenge in seven old county
a local reporter testified in a deposition that last month the interviewed
controversial seven old county election supervisor
sandrugored she's accused of allowing republican political operatives
to alter applications for absentee ballots in her county while denying that same
opportunity to democrats the reporter according to justice in florida says
gourd told him on tape that her office would not honor absentee ballot
request forms submitted without voter id numbers
justice in florida claims this interview was broadcast at the same time that
gourd was permitting workers paid by the republican party to complete the forms
how do you like that it is not unprecedented in florida to
embellish all absentee ballots in a county if there is evidence of wrong
such a move would be disastrous for the bush forces since bush carry the
seminal county and martin county absentee vote by
a thousand of votes how ironic if bush demand is fought so hard to exclude so
many votes is defeated because thousands of his votes were excluded as illegal
how do you like that so like i said let's hang on another day or two and that
would i say before oh yeah that's what i said
here's another fact that says happy birthday George many more healthy ones
and did you know guess who's birthday it is tomorrow George
leon oh you already knew that sure oh
huh yeah but i bet you he's not getting his happy meal
that's what we got to bring George for his birthday tomorrow happy meal
eat your heart out alien at least he's got a heart left eat me more of those
happy meals that'll be it what's the toy this one
since i know he's happy to celebrate his seventh birthday with his daddy even
if he's in two but that's what for instance she also wants our email
address we don't have who don't email don't don't give it to her we don't do
email no matter it just collects up anyway what is it
neil at neil Rogers dot com what is it neil at neil at neil at neil at neil at neil
Rogers dot com okay there you go for an we don't do email
because most of it is crap here's for a lot of day hello
good afternoon yes sir i i'm registered republican for all my life uh-huh
but yes what what i didn't have any transportation i call it democratic party
so i could go down there and vote against votes really oh yes sir how do you
you know i really burns me though if you drive up i'd like to buy if they got this
wish campaign headquarters they just changed the name on the front of it all the time
on the front of that building what does it say the Hitler youth headquarters now
no no it was it was uh you know whatever bush was running they just changed the first name
uh-huh oh i see yeah haven't you seen that no i don't know heading up and pop it up you'll see
that building this it bush headquarters and it was gibbush and then it was George Bush and
probably next time it'll be George P yeah now you know i can't now used to be billet
Carter on the side of those buildings that we can watch George P oh no yes and the thing
to really frosty is here this guy gets on the TV it looks like a 14-year-old kid is that
right and and is that could be a representing us around the world who George uh-well i
i'm lost uh the bushes with you sir i can't keep track of my bush well the the latest bush
you know i'm a bush so i mean you mean dubia yeah i mean he looks like a 14-year-old kid no
they're like we're gonna keep him inside a white house playing a lot of video games they got some
real fancy stuff they got a PlayStation 2 they just got in for his Christmas gift and uh they'll
keep him in your lot and chiny will be running around to his heart gives up in about a week
five six seven oh yeah what's gonna happen then when chiny uh bites the bullet uh you think
it's gonna be Tom delay maybe some supervised president or Trent lot some other fascist white
wing of fanatic that will really serve those uh people in voter for this guy oh what is conservative
compassion compassionate what is it can consider compassionate the fascism that's what it is
i get confused hey listen compassionate people like to take you for a shower what's wrong with that
give your free train ride here's sunny isles hello sunny are yes sir hi male i've come to the conclusion
yes who's to blame for this okay lay it on us huh go right ahead
i said that japanese pilot if there was a little more efficient we wouldn't have to deal with jibbo george
okay great brilliant now it was that brilliant or what oh that was good okay take a
couple more milltown and call us again a few weeks when your bag flows over again five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T briefs do a 3 p.m bring your briefs boxes or briefs briefs are
what is it at 3 p.m. to the Florida Supreme Court on the US Supreme Court ruling we got so many
goddamn rulings back in fourth and fourth and back it was pretty exciting for a while and now
george reminds me or at least a call it is that i was an Amsterdam when they had the first hearing
before the Florida Supreme Court that was broadcast so we are going to get to you the audio on
Thursday morning and you can hear it right here i'm near our show on wqa m we will have it
unlike the old some popcorn unlike the other make believe stations that pretend to be news
there whatever the hell there this ain't even a news station this station couldn't give a crap
less about the news unless it's about some stupid jock but on this show we try to bring you some
stuff like we last Friday with a US Supreme Court and we were the only ones on your whole goddamn
dial that did it and i'm proud to say it even though it was pretty prondorous in the monotonous but
nevertheless and it's only going to be one hour damn it and what are we going to do about the spots
huh i don't know pile them up play them over the top of it oh well i mean it's only an hour
i guess we'll still we still got to get the spots in there huh because i mean what's only a half
hour in each side and we do those great well i'll just talk fast we can play those while the
Republicans are talking i that's a good idea i never listened to them anyway five six seven
oh five six somebody was saying how would you hear that Barry what's the white hearing guy's name
again Barry Richard who's the registered Democrat but lies about it and pretends that he didn't vote
even though we know he voted for war get what he said and i said no one Republicans they do
everything i don't listen to it i don't i don't i fell over to some ballgame or something
because i already know what they're going to say they want to do what they want to do they want to
put all the chads on death row here's Port St. Lucy hello good afternoon yes sir are you aware that
we are and i you know you hear from the media all the time that the rest of the world is laughing at
us yes they are they are telling you the absolute freaking true i know because i was in the rest of
the internet boy and i mentioned for it and they ripped me a new one i've got three or four new ones
now that i didn't have the floor yeah yeah but it's even the point even though the border they're
making fun of us are connect friends oh connect friends are holland friends are Sweden but our
canuggans our friends better come down the road because they'll remind them of how worth us
their dollar is so then they might shut up real quick but anyway but that's that's about
it's time for it to stop i mean i hate it because i like a lot of what they're doing over on the
right wing side of it all but it is it's got to come to an end at some point and for that guy that
says he can't accept it to two thousand two elections or less than two years away that's right
the payback is going to be a bitch pal don't ever forget it she and i'm stood on and since they
keep making all these ballgame analogies well it's like a ball it's like a baseball game that got
rained out oh no it's like a football game they keep making these stupid sports analogies and
well are trying to well end the game or the pole longer game i'll give you even a better one
a football analogy and i've said this for years and that is like in football you know that it's
supposed to be so accurate and so important you know and of course the big thing is getting your
first down move the ball up the field and they they bring in the chains and they have these 80
year old referees and lides men and her buddies guys are and they go and they bring in those
chains and they come modeling across the middle and in the meantime the referees wherever they play
ended they pick it up and they toss it from under what other and then they put it down and the
guy holds it with his finger on top of the ball now they've already moved it at least once sometimes
more than once and then he spot the ball and then they come in and they measure it to within a
hundredth of an inch right down you know and that business within a hundredth of an inch and as
though they're fully saying the public buys it like there's really some degree of accuracy there
which of course anybody knows there's not but but once you say that it takes all the fun out of it
because it makes it illegitimate just like this election the election in Florida was illegitimate
just like the kid that Dan Burton had it was illegitimate because you had all these paper ballots
all these shenanigans all the absentee ballots did you see when they showed the the bins that were
holding the absentee overseas ballots like those mailboxes oh my gosh you're unbelievable
in the condition of some of those it looks like some people use those for for Charmin and they're like
torn and smudged and changed this Christ and then they convince you that oh yeah well it's all
there's this high degree of accuracy right just the fact that they're admitting to a two to five percent
error of margin of error on a machine recount two to five percent
so if you take that nationally if we had if we had a hundred million people vote or more than that
a hundred million people vote five percent is five million votes
well what's five million votes for Christ's sake yeah okay good point illegitimate that's just the
chapter one just like that kid that the would have been illegitimate before the abortion there in
fair ool
a stink and act alike and not to think never appropriate.
Yeah, wouldn't it be wonderful?
Everybody in the world was white and Christian and looked the same and said the same thing.
Boring, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and the Republic would be like it.
I am anything like a white Christian and how we all must think alike.
All the games black and yet long must die.
Until everybody is Christian and white.
116 to 560 WQAM.
Al Gorken put a large part of the blame on Miami politics if he loses this election.
After Cuban rafted boy, Aliang Gonzalez, who was seized at gunpoint by federal agents and sent back to Cuba,
angry Cuban Americans who make up the largest voting block in the county, vowed to punish President Clinton's partner,
even though he opposed setting the boy back to Cuba.
As usual, do they make any sense?
No.
No.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
Some angry Democrats claim Mayor Alex Penga Pakenius, someone once portrayed his grors ace in the hole with Cubans in South Florida,
shied away from active support because he didn't want his support for Gore, hindering his own reelection bid in the September primary.
The up and coming Hispanic Mayor won that race with 52% of the vote.
The impact of the early on decision, the effect of the outcome of the election, I truly believe it said that obnoxious Ramon Sal Sanchez, leader of the Cuban ex-agrup democracy movement.
If the early Angus Zalov case had been handled differently, Mr. Grover would have been presently said.
Democrats like Hirelya Mayor Raul Martinez said that the only reason Ponellis was able to pull off reelection victory was because he had the endorsement of two influential Republican congressional leaders in South Florida, both of whom are Cuban.
Furthermore, when the manual recounts were halted in the county to accept the election, a day after the mayor had a meeting with the Republican officials in Tallahassee,
Democrats questioned whether Ponellis had asked the canvassing board to call it off.
I have by no by law no influence over the supervisor of elections, David Leahy, nor over the rest of the members of the Miami-Dade canvassing board he sent the statement on Friday.
Miami-Dade Democratic Party Chairman Joseph Gellervests summed up how some party members feel toward the mayor.
We certainly could have used all the help we could get.
Clinton won 60% of the vote in Miami-Dade County in 1996 after getting four and 10 Hispanic votes, Gore won just 53%.
Many Hispanics never broke the link between Clinton and Gore, even though the Vice President of the Post sending the Gonzalez-Blood back to Cuba.
If Gore would have done as well as Clinton in 1996, he would have left the state with a 40,000 vote margins at Joe Garcia executive director of the Cuban American National Foundation.
Martinez charges that Ponellis took a walk for whatever reason, succumbing to pressure from Cuban Americans and Republicans not to support Gore.
Before the alien phenomenon, Ponellis was solidly behind the Vice President sending fundraisers and rallies.
His demeanor change came during a five-month custody dispute over the boy after a pre-raided by armed agents followed.
There were a lot of Cubans who voted for Bush because they're angry, said Leonardo Mierda 42.
Well, that's how it all marida, I'm sorry, well the same letters as Mierda, a janitor with the Federal Reserve Bank in Miami the morning after the election.
Leonardo Mierda, Gore hoped that Ponellis would be there to sue that anger.
The mayor's top political adviser Rick Katz insisted that once Ponellis returned from a trade mission to Spain, he would work extensively to help the Gore campaign.
Ponellis was barely back in time to Katz to vote let alone to help Gore in Miami.
He failed to attend a Democratic party sponsored Gourley, Roman Raleigh, and Hailea two weeks before the election, opting for the trip to Spain instead.
And Ponellis wasn't there when Gore held a celebrity-filled bash on South Beach the night before the election.
How do you like that?
So like M.E. Shaper would say, it was Cuban! Cuban!
No, you really believe that any of those people would have voted Democratic no matter what?
No!
Don't you think Clinton got 40% and grew up 53%.
Seven percent would have made 40,000 both difference.
It was Cuban!
Well, let's pick on them today. I've been letting them off the hook for a while.
Not so much picking on them, just pick on Mayor Pinger Piccini because everybody hates him.
What's that? Is that a birthday present for you?
It's a tea bird.
55?
Yeah.
63.
Why does he keep doing that?
Why does Bill Cabrn keep bringing us those little model cars?
Isn't my birthday present?
It goes down to my head so it helps.
Yeah, it'll go like with all the other ones that we have on the floor here and on over there.
Yeah.
I don't know how I'm in the field, but when you stop wasting your money, he doesn't want that.
Yes, I do. Put it with all my other tools.
Yeah, right.
You'll put it up on a wall somewhere and it'll be sitting in.
On a shelf with all my other tools.
Yeah, I'll have to scrap, right?
You will shelf even open the box because you don't even open those boxes right next to Darth Vittin.
No, that would be worthless.
Just like it is now.
I'll say he can't even keep a straight face on that.
But if you want to waste money, the economy needs your help.
Go ahead.
Here's Lakeland. Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Let's just give you a little taste of Nikki Clark yesterday when she was doing some pretrial hearings.
Some of those lawyers was on a table.
I saw a little bit of that.
And I kept crapping out and finally she said you just need to get a new phone.
Got one of them.
Yeah, I saw that.
She's tough.
Yeah, she don't put up with any claps.
She's good.
But one of the other little criminal acts that were committed to Seminole County was the Democratic
absentee ballot request forms that were just thrown away or left in a pile.
If somebody went to vote, you know, they didn't think they figured, well, I didn't get my absentee ballot.
I'll just show up and vote, you know, turns out they're in town or they can somebody can get them a ride and get there anyway.
Because you made a request, you could not vote at the poll.
Regardless of whether you get your absentee ballot back or not.
So people that, so those, those piles of Democratic absentee requests, those folks couldn't vote.
Period.
Because they've made a request.
So when they showed up to vote, if they were able to make it to the poll, they're taken off the list.
Because they made a request.
So once their stuff was put in a pile, let's just in franchise them.
You're gone.
They had piles.
Right.
The bullet train was a statewide referendum.
Uh-huh.
Everyone in the state could vote for it.
And the reason it passed so easily was because of the way the, it was worded.
Would you like a high-speed rail train in Florida?
Sure.
If it had been worded, if you vote for this, you will lose 20 years of funding for roads and there is no funding source for this.
No.
And would have failed miserably.
Uh-huh.
So it was the way it was worded.
Well, yeah, we need just like 50 grand in cash under our bed tomorrow morning too, but I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Pile in the sky.
Yeah, so when you see that, that high-speed rail moving across the state of Florida, all the little wildlife, the animals, wicking up at it and it's shunning it.
There you go.
Yeah, I want one of those.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
We forgot to tell you we don't have any money for it.
Yeah, right.
If you want to talk about Georgia, high-speed rail and so that's super carry, be a lot happier.
He'd be a happy boy.
Right.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Yeah.
Bring him a high-speed train next time.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Core Aids predict success in the Florida Supreme Court.
Well, that's quite a shock.
I just, I don't know if I can just hang on for one or two more days.
You think I can hang on for one or two more days?
I don't know.
It's a good thing I'm honest and move the diet.
There's no dangerous diet in mind.
It's not dangerous.
There's plenty of good.
Anybody going to tell me it's dangerous besides my mother?
There's protein.
There's frantic, carbohydrates.
There's vitamins, which I take a lot of anyway.
I don't think there's nothing dangerous about this.
But I'm sure somebody will advise me like Thursday at lunch with mommy.
Somebody will say, that's the most dangerous thing I ever heard.
In addition to which when you drink a lot of this stuff,
oh, you ought to hear the spliced ed makes.
Here's the lady in the gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Let me ask you this.
If Bush had won by just one vote within that landslide of 530 something.
Right.
Do you think that the courts would react just the same as they have?
Well, I can't see how Judge Salis could have said,
no, let's not look at these 14,000 ballots if the margin would have been like one vote or five votes.
What I'm meeting up to is with all the minutiae of laws.
But let me just go beyond that.
Okay.
The problem is, and I do understand this from the other side,
how can you realistically do selective research?
In other words, if it's this close or if it's within 5.0, it's even what it is now.
What should have been done was a manual recount of all the counties in the state.
It had to be done.
It had to be done.
It's basic common sense, which we don't have anymore.
But with all the minutiae of laws, why isn't there a law of fraction of less than 1% of the vote
being either way than it would the demand to run off?
Why isn't there a law in Florida?
Well, when you go to more runoff with whom, you mean?
Against each other.
I don't want you to go to school.
But there is no provision for runoff in a presidential election.
There's no such thing.
Well, there's a million other than laws, why wouldn't there be one for them?
Because there's none.
All right.
Okay.
As Thomas Jefferson, as Thomas Payne and the E.S., I don't know.
There just is none.
My other question.
What made sense?
Yeah.
It's too logical and too much common sense.
My other question to you is, how do you think the, and I've already saying it to you,
the apathetic public, even though the majority voted for Gore, is going to react when Bush gets into office.
Is it going to remain passive and I don't give a damn?
I may be for two years, I think in 92 you're going to see a tremendous backlash.
And most of that right here in Florida, commendus.
You think so?
Yeah, I know so.
All right.
I hope the man does that.
And what needs to happen between now and then is that the ballots need to be, if we can't afford the cash to come up with the computerized voting machine,
at least the ballots have to be put out in a way so that all those people that are going to come out to protest in 92,
and I assure you that they will, that those people's votes will be able to be counted.
Well, I'm just afraid that Bush and Cheney are going to get drunk one night and push the red button and blow up the hole.
Yeah.
Because they're both drunk.
I'm holding my breath.
Okay, I have a rate there.
Okay.
I don't think they're going to love either one of many where near it.
And of course, if Cheney, with the bottle, you, you, you really know, knew the button.
Because if Cheney started to reach for it anyway, he probably, yeah, that would probably his heart would crap out.
And the button too.
25 past 1 at 560, WQA.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560, QA.
Gordon Gidd South Florida, a major blowjob.
I'm disappointed, Junior.
Oh, come on, Jed.
I'm your older brother for Christ's sake.
I'm smart.
Not dub like they say.
Stay here.
Just push brother.
That's step outside.
We need to talk.
What is it, good brother?
You ever going to tell me about those offers you've been getting from the compete in oil companies?
I turned them all down.
Why do you treat me this way?
I always put oil to you.
So you're staying?
I'm staying.
Now, as you know, it was box I did to make Junior President.
Remember, Governor Bush, Senator Bush, President Bush, I remember Bob, so you know.
Yes, but brother.
Big, Rocco.
I want nothing to happen to him.
As long as my mother is alive.
Yes, brother.
Understood, brother.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm going to try to catch a fish.
Okay, I just had to dump that.
130, just edit the gunshot out of the end.
No, it's not going to be.
We don't need the secret service here.
It's not a good idea.
It's somebody just straightening him out and giving the car back while you're at it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, sirman.
Okay, great call.
Very good, very original, excellent emotion.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 pound, and that's not like a spick to me.
Yeah, it's to make it.
Yeah, it's not like that.
It's not all that.
Why?
Everybody's got any kind of an exit.
You call it a spick.
Well, because they all are.
I mean, was it you made Koon?
Is that what you said?
Here's a lady in Pemberpine, but she isn't one of those.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Good afternoon.
I happen to catch a few minutes on CNN, an interview with Maria Cantwell.
Yes.
And it was just really interesting because I believe she has just been verified the winner
the day before last.
Uh-huh.
And what she was talking about was that even though it was very anxiety provoking that her state,
you know, went through such a thorough and painstaking effort.
Especially if she had to spend all that money, right?
And she didn't get it right, but she thought that it was really important process for the voters
to feel comfortable with her outcomes.
And I just felt kind of a pinch of jealousy and sadness.
What would it be like to live in maybe a little bit more progressive place where a close-up was?
Well, they don't have the backwater kind of voting system in the state of Washington that we do here.
Yeah, I don't know what their voting system was made.
Maybe that made it easier to retabulate.
I don't know, but it just sounded so civilized to me.
Yeah.
Anyway, thank you for letting me out my thoughts.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, nobody, I'm glad she talked about that because we've had maybe three calls on that during this whole week
that this crap has gone on.
And I just don't understand what it takes to get that across to you people.
This is not the way to vote.
I don't give a crap order.
It was legal whether it was illegal whether the Supreme Court says it.
I don't care about that.
If there are better, more accurate ways to do it.
Like I just got through saying ten minutes ago, if it's supposed to be that important, get it right.
Get it right.
They were talking about when they were recounting the ballots in Dave County.
And you know, they've got all these big, they're shuffling all that.
In fact, somebody said they were shuffling them like a deck of cards.
They have all these big trays full of these damn ballot cards.
And they drop them on the floor and they step on them.
And here's a few that fall over there.
Remember at Giod when the $1,000 check the COX people give us for the charity that year?
Which they never give us money for our charities.
And it fell on the floor in the promotions of the department there or whatever.
And it sat there for like eight months.
A check for a thousand bucks.
And it's the same thing with these ballots in the number counting all.
Just like the thing we're measuring for a first down.
That's exactly what this is all about.
Absolutely inaccurate, unacceptable, imprecise.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I hope you don't give me a tongue lashing for this.
But I was hoping that...
A tongue lashing?
I don't think you're my type, sir.
I was hoping you could play that bit, that symbolic of the police state.
More better than that.
It's like the marching music?
Well, that's not a bit.
You mean torchlight, new boroughs?
You mean that?
No, no, no.
What is that?
No.
You mean the booth?
You mean the booth?
No, it's not the police state.
That this country is a police state and you play this marching music.
There we go.
Got it?
Yes, sir.
I didn't even hear you lashing it.
Don't push your luck, sir.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Live.
Now, what do he be saying?
He was Cuban.
Okay, where we going out here?
Well, let's see what he laughing about.
Everybody who calls us either Jamaican or Sparterdew.
Every single person who calls, of course we don't have any Cuban
listening to us anymore anyway, so why should we...
We might as well pick on end and not listening anyhow.
We got to eat 20%.
No, we don't.
No, we don't.
We don't.
They have vamu's.
They're pissed off and hate us.
They know like what we said about alien and the fact that they went out there and just
about destroyed this community as usual and tore us all apart over a bunch of crap.
And I don't see anybody even talking about that 5-year-old kid whose mommy abscited with a 150 grand
and took the kid over there.
I don't see anybody saying, oh gee, he's not going to be getting this happy meal today.
You see, when you know you're being used, when you know you're being manipulated,
and someone in the back of your mind, you do know it, but you don't want to admit it.
And after a while, it must start annoying at you.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it must start disturbing you.
The fact that your emotions are being played upon by assholes, by self-aggrandizing assholes,
like Ramon and Samosa Sanchez and Armando, excuse me, I'm wearing the same white shirt
for 10 days in a row, good years, and all these other assholes.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
You should have been thrifting line for the steak and chicken saw, Grav.
I was already there.
Isn't it great?
Yeah, it's good.
Not great.
They got to get it up to speed with the burbers, it will be great.
But the million people they're already know and even know about it.
Well, I'm telling everybody that's why they're there.
Oh, that one?
Yeah.
You know the guy who scooted up.
Yeah, okay, you know who that is?
You know who that was?
Fanny Pat Guy.
Yeah.
That's why he started doing a voice because then he figured that he might say, I'm already worked.
He was not actually like 14 seconds instead of five.
Fanny Pat Guy.
Chronic, disturbed, very deeply disturbed.
Lou some weight, okay?
You're really sloppy and you annoy us.
Isn't it great that we're not doing those appearances anymore?
At least I'm not.
Maybe you can come to your appearances since you're doing so many.
Doing another one Saturday?
Well, how come we're not talking about it yet?
Because Johnny won't give us the information like we got any?
It's at a Bill's title somewhere in the city from 11 to 11.
Now, how many people do you have last Saturday at the one you won?
Oh, you have no idea where I was.
I was on 36th grade and now what happened?
Not me, why?
Yummy.
You had one person's job.
You were following the Bill's title.
One person showed up?
Well, he worked like right next door.
We were really plugged it twice.
Not that we had any of the keychains there.
You had one person's job?
One of the other kind of appearances is that.
That's one of the way I got paid.
Oh, that's a good appearance.
And that proves what I said.
None of the Julios are listening to show anymore.
Oh, I know, none of them.
Let me say it one more time.
Julios with exception of our one or two crimes,
you know, the old woman in the voice.
Other than that, they're not listening to show anymore.
They think they're about.
The health says I got one more person than the average when they normally do those things.
Yeah.
Well, see, we don't really care about drawing anybody out there.
That's Johnny.
He's learning how to sell QA real fast.
Just give us the money, Bill's title.
We don't give a crap.
We bring anybody out or send any cars.
Just give us the guy damn money.
What is Joe saying?
He has to be the one.
I saw him, Joe.
Joe's got a pair.
But what was Gilbert?
Let's tell that story that Joe was telling me.
I bet it not.
22 before 2 at 5.60.
Boy, he sure ran out of here fast, didn't he?
Get him, man, bitch.
I f**ked him.
Oh!
You're an asshole, Mr. Bull.
Yeah, there's two cells left in your brain.
Yeah.
Your brother and your daddy stole the election fair and square, Mr. Bull.
I hope the next time, Jeb's doing Kathy, he breaks his phone.
You're a retard, Mr. Bull.
A rich and spoiled brat, who with your silver school for cocaine,
that you pulled out of your ass, Mr. Bull.
First, I wouldn't give you the gooey sweat.
From under my pile.
Let's get you in your little voice, last news or Alice.
Why, they only make rubber beneath your arm, all the ground turns up.
That would actually vote for brainless ass-server.
Okay.
17 to 2 at 5.60 W to QAM.
There will be a new stake in check at Southwest 88th Street in Southwest 157 Avenue
by the discount auto store.
How do you like that?
It says, we may be dumb, but we won't be hungry.
I would certainly agree with that, Dino.
New stake in check at Southwest to be built, though.
Now, if it takes us wrong, for the day they build it to open it,
it is the one by me, don't hold your breath.
Maybe the next presidential election will be open.
Southwest 88th Street, that's Kendall Drive, isn't it?
Yeah.
And the Southwest 157th Avenue, way out there west,
where all your people are.
The Jews.
Okay, here's Heather.
That is where I'll make people.
That's mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just a couple of points that you know that in my opinion,
we heard all the other political affiliations of all the other judges on the case
from the Supreme Court to this guy, to this Nikki Witton.
Nikki Witton.
A affiliation about this judge and Leon County.
Yes, we did.
You mean Sanders, all?
Yeah.
Yeah, he was formerly Republican, he switched to the British Democrat.
Oh.
And the other thing is, I think it's fine that, you know,
that's Brown County and Palm Beach County probably succeed from the state.
So he hates.
Yeah.
Yeah, former own state.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I don't know what that would take.
We would delete, you know, we would leave Dave County out of it, of course.
Yeah.
Or maybe we'll just leave.
That sounds a lot easier to me.
I know I do it as often as I can.
5667-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T.
Hey, anybody out there wanting to succeed?
No.
Okay.
Well, then this is a good place for it.
Speaking of that, here's the divisive failure.
How you doing?
Okay.
Well, listen, I think we should sue Spain and make them take Florida back.
But the, I'm on vacation.
I'm heading up to Maine tomorrow at the County Bunk Port.
My, my nightmare is that Bush wins over the next day and has a big out of control party
in County Bunk Port and gets behind the wheel while I'm up there.
He'll like your kind.
I'll tell you that.
I'll tell you absolutely right about that.
It's going to be interesting to see that.
Dave, a cop, by the way, if anybody has any doubts, he'll like his kind, whatever his kind
is.
Yeah, exactly.
But what can you do?
You know, you hit it on the head before when you were talking about the, the early on
nonsense of last year, earlier this year.
Uh-huh.
Why do you think Florida became the battleground for this whole thing?
I mean, this whole thing was a well-documented strategy to do this and I looked like it's on a succeed.
And, you know, I-
They're going to succeed?
That's what the other guy wanted.
I said succeed.
He meant succeed, right?
Yeah.
I mean, you guys can't get it right.
You can't get your sub-car park right?
Well, I-I'm keep trying though.
But in any case, uh, left to see what happens.
You know, the thing though, everybody talks about the popular vote and all this nonsense.
You know, on the three or four popular vote elections where the guy, uh, the other guy, uh, won the electoral, uh, and the guy with the popular vote lost.
Right.
Each one of those was bade in corruption.
Each election.
Right.
And this is no different.
And, yeah, I was just reading the other day that the total Hayes election, that that went on, that it wasn't wrapped up by January the 20th or by December or any-
It went on-it went on for months.
The inauguration back then was in March, but after that, he got the nickname Ruffa Fraud, Behays.
Right.
And, uh, it's just amazing what goes on in this country, you know, with-
But they're always talking about precedence for this and precedence for that.
If they were able to do it back then and it went on till March, what's the big hurry?
I think Clinton could probably handle another couple of months.
I'd say keep Amanda.
I think that's what Monica said too.
Keep Amanda.
Keep it in there, you know.
But anyway, I'll be up in Maine, hopefully I'll avoid the bushes and-
and everything else and in closing aid, can I call Adam Gole-Live card or Golden Show?
Okay.
Thank you, man.
And watch out for those glory holes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60, on the 18th, T in Verizon Wireless One.
So we got Mark's appointment call out, but it just never ends, doesn't it?
Oh, no, it just keeps going.
Like I said yesterday, I said it again at the beginning of the show this morning.
And you notice the pool is now starting to move over.
Just like I am.
This morning when we started, a lot of us were kind of like, okay, time to concede, it's all over.
And now that we're hearing what's the Supreme Court says, what's another day or two?
After you've already spent 80 million weeks trying to figure this guy damn thing out, what's another 20 or 30 lawsuit among friends?
And of course the attorneys, they love it.
The clock keeps ticking and ticking and ticking.
Oh, man.
How'd you like to have it a bank account?
What these attorneys are going to be collecting on both sides, huh?
Not, I say on both sides.
And then you got the attorneys for Catherine Harris and the attorneys.
And at Jackass, I'm so glad that Judge Solve did one thing.
It was Larry Klamin from a judicial watch that asshole.
Yeah, there was sitting there in the court.
And the very first day, Saturday morning, I guess, he gets up and starts to say something.
You were allowed to be here, Mr. Klamin, as an observer, or one of the attorneys for a gorgeous said that.
He was allowed to be here and the judge says absolutely right.
Sit down, Mr. Klamin.
And there was the end of his participation, that asshole.
Oh, we demand those ballots. We want to see them.
No, yeah.
Who the hell are you?
Take a look at this.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, huh?
Hi, Neil. How are you today?
Very good.
Oh, just for the record, I'm a white Caucasian male.
I think one of the, you want to show a...
Yeah, I think this weekend we'll have to do another one of those ethnic polls to see if we have any Julio's left or what we got out there.
Because I'm confused about it.
Yeah.
No, certainly between the alien thing, and then of course the bush business, we've alienated many of them.
Which I don't really care, but I think it's just kind of interesting.
And exactly.
Because if you don't tell people what they want to hear, they get all pissed off.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, I have a public service announcing for everybody listening in their mobiles.
Traffic's backed up on 95 northbound from 595, all the way down to Denver Road.
It's not a bit, there's a real bad accident.
From where to Denver Road, from where north?
From Denver all the way up to 595.
From Peppery North, okay.
Yeah, perfect.
It's up there.
Okay, I'll stay off.
All right, Neil.
Thanks.
You take care.
You too.
It's just, I just don't know how long this can go on.
And evidently the people out there, I mean there's nothing else going on here.
There it is.
Yeah, let's keep it going another four years. That sounds good.
In fact, look at that.
There's a, they ended up with a two tiny majority and Denver.
So infuriated, this fellow Republicans because of this time.
This Bob Franken with 20 pounds of cotton in his mouth.
You ever hear audio like that in your life?
CNN, you know, they can congratulate themselves on their 2010 anniversary and show these clips.
This is a clip from only six years ago and it sounds like he's got 52 socks in his purse.
Now, which one, which one was it had a cat named socks?
Was that Bush?
Poppa Bush?
See, real presidents like Bully, they have dogs.
Or is that, or is that Clinton's your cat?
What's the dog's name, buddy?
Or is that buddy McCay?
No, all that's right.
Millie was the one who kept on, kept it on their leg.
The one that wrote the book.
Well, he sure had a lot of stuff on his shoes.
Then he kept puking and, uh,
he kept puking on his shoes and Millie kept on,
kept on, crap it on his shoes.
Man, somebody get a new pair of shoes for Poppa Bush.
As soon as he gets his hip-fixed up.
10-4-2, readership.
10-4-2 at 560 WDQM.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio.
560s.
Q-A.
And...
The red latches is my lever.
Reveal.
You down to red dogs.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now, open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So, reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
Okay, speed it up.
Boobshobby's in the building.
He'll be along for a hanky too because Hanks getting that big award today.
Boobshbeating about to do it.
Yeah, Hanks getting an award from some organization that nobody ever heard of before.
And a whole station is there.
It's a good way to take it day off.
And bluff is there with a suit on acting like a real person.
Is he fooling anybody?
No.
No.
I mean, what a joke.
Is this place.
I never worked in a place where so many people took so many days off.
Sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Well, that's what life's all about.
We got 492 votes on our pool.
I think what we'll just keep doing is to do the same pool every day.
We'll just wipe this way clean.
How about now?
Is today the day?
Huh?
No.
What about we'll do it every day?
Now that he's lost in court again.
Al Gore should concede or exhaust all legal options.
Now, it started out today.
It was pretty damn close.
Remember, it was like neck and neck.
And then we had that Florida Supreme Court with their breakfast announcement, 1230.
And they're going to hear oral arguments on Thursday and anal arguments on Friday and Yadi Yadi.
And all of a sudden it started and we're going to start turning it back.
We've got another day or two.
Why not?
We got nothing else to do.
So we got 492 votes, concede 214, 43.5%.
But exhaust all legal options, 278.56.5%, which if my memory is correct, is not that much different from what it was from yesterday's pool,
which did start taking a little bit of a change after the hanging judge.
Judge Saul's up there in the Leon County.
He gave his screwed up opinion.
Well, actually, I don't blame him.
I have no problem with Judge Saul.
I think he did a good job during the trial.
And I think I would disagree with certain conclusions.
But how to hell, you know, who's going to take a look and decide?
He doesn't want the responsibility of changing the outcome of the whole presidential election based on a handful of ballots from a couple of counties.
And if the Florida Supreme Court over roles him fine, he got the ballots up there, left them the side.
I think that's really what he was saying.
And anybody who can't empathize with that needs some serious, serious empathy help.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, long time listener, first time caller.
All right.
All right.
I really enjoy your show.
And I think George is a great job.
And you're not there.
So, you're a great job.
So, there you go.
What a preference.
I would actually be, well, you define as a Julio.
And I'll prefer my political preference is usually Republican.
Right.
But I'm a liberal Republican.
Uh-huh.
And in any case, I did vote for Clinton because I think it was in a jammed up job at the time.
Right.
He was jamming it.
Everybody could.
And then some.
And the only reason I'll be honest, I voted Bush this time.
I don't think Gore did sufficient of a job to sell me.
I don't think he really attacked the issues the way he did.
And really the reason, the main reason I think Bush, over Gore, is really on an economic policy.
Because that's usually how I've picked President.
That's why I like Clinton and his job he's done.
And it's unfortunate he can't run again because I'd vote for him one more time.
Well, but Clinton didn't promise any gigantic tax cut for the rich.
So, I don't see why.
Where's the comparison between the economic policy?
Oblomac is, it's not so much that he has a hands-on look at economics.
But I like the way that he just sat back and said, you know, the economy is a reward.
