The field is cast in color.
Not necessarily represent those of the measly broadcast group.
It's staff advertises for agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 Q-A-F.
There's no fact in it in the church.
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election.
Said I'd like to know who won the election.
I don't know.
Council vote.
Council vote, baby.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
Council vote.
In the late fall.
Emotions in this presidential race began.
Live often wondered who was going to win.
Some palm trees people went to do their voting chore.
So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like most of them just keeps their votes too.
Strategy you can add.
Oh!
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Not voyable. Not simply fact. The voter is informed of the moralism for that.
That it is boy.
After that the federal government elections supervise policy and disseminate it, saying
incomplete requests are clearly boy. This is what the staff installed.
Then we have roughly, on August 18th, we have the meetings.
During the St. 30th time, around August 18th, we have Mr. Hall,
from each with Senator Gordon to find out what the policy is.
And that's around during that St. 30th time is when Mr. Ray needs to be there.
In the fall of two's actually, the government has asked for him to go out without required information.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
That I'd like to know who won the elections.
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Counselор's vote. Counselor's vote, Debbie.
Counselor's vote. Counselor's vote, Debbie. Counselor's vote. Counselor's vote.
Counselor's vote. Counselor's vote. Counselor's vote. Counselor's vote.
Counselor'S vote. Counselor's vote. COCEPSE ZAPZ Makeitely yes or no.
take a look at all the ballots from all across the states.
This is on the heels of that thing they did this weekend,
where they showed that if they were at anchor Italian,
the group of all the votes would have been counted.
The group would have won Florida by 23,000 votes,
and now they're going to count the votes.
How do you like that?
That's certainly something to keep in the back of your mind
because how embarrassing would it be?
It's already embarrassing enough
with all these allegations of impropriety
and the hanky-panky with or without Tommy James.
But how embarrassing would that be to say, OK,
I won, we're going to do our thing, we get sworn in,
and all of a sudden, oh, guess what?
You really lost, but it's too late now.
That bum's rush, that's spin your way in kind of thing.
So the trials, there are many of them.
There are so many of them.
I didn't realize that there's also one in Bay County.
Did you, where you were at that?
We know there's one in Martin County
that started seven o'clock this morning.
And last night, they started with this pretrial stuff
in Leon County for the several county absentee ballots.
And that hang-in judge, they're Judge Nikki Clark.
She would be saying, oh, no, of course,
they Republicans filed for the case
to be immediately dismissed.
And she said, no, they also had appeal for a jury trial,
which of course, whether them two things, number one,
take it out of her hand since they are terrified by her.
And number two, what a really drag this thing out.
Probably kill the least another day, maybe two.
And she said, no, no.
There's absolutely nothing in the law
that provides for a jury trial in this case.
Now, this Gerald Richmond, I think that's his name,
who's given the opening statement here
for the gror people on the Seminole County Balance.
I think he's from down here.
I have a feeling that he's great.
What the hell did they have that David Boyz
and the other stuff?
Everybody talking about how brilliant he is,
he oppressed me about as much as I, okay,
so we didn't use any notes.
But in the meantime, did he make any points with a judge?
No.
No.
This guy's great.
He's like a real attorney.
And I hate to break the news to a lot of you bush people
who already count your eggs in.
And we had that big day in the stock market yesterday,
almost a doubt taking a precipitous crap
in the NASDAQ this morning.
They don't know what they're talking about.
That's all a game.
That's like institutionalized Las Vegas.
Sudo-intellectualized Las Vegas is, I said the other day.
Did David say that?
No.
I said it.
But at any rate.
And they're already counting the thing.
Instead of counting the votes, they're counting their thing.
And they think they're in.
Well, guess what?
I hate to break the news to you.
I don't think the Florida Supreme Court is going to say,
we count those ballots.
I could be wrong.
I don't think they're going to say that.
But I do think that these cases of voter fraud,
no, it's not voter fraud.
Irregularity, it's not voter fraud.
These cases of hanky-panky with absentee ballots
and of unfair treatment between the bush absentee ballots
and the case in Bay County, we, like I said,
we know about Seminole, which is going on right now.
And Martin Colley, a county absentee ballot started
at 7 this morning as in recess, because both trials
are being staggered in the same court house on the same day.
Democrats are also challenging more than 13,000 absentee
ballots in Bay County, where they say residents who
should have voted in person will encourage
to vote absentee by the Republican Party
and Governor Jeb Bush.
The Bay County stood ledges that a letter from Governor Jeb
Bush encouraging Republican voters to cast mail-in ballots
from the comfort of your own home,
gave voters the impression that prompting was an official
state document, and that it gives illegal advice.
Republican lawyers filed a motion to dismiss the suit,
which we'll, this one will go on trial on Friday.
So every day this week, we got crap going on, baby.
Crap just continues.
Speaking of crap going on, George has got
another great appearance this weekend.
You weren't able to get a hold of your good, close, personal
friend, Johnny I assume.
I guess not.
So I'll read it even though we're still trying to figure out why.
Look for George this Saturday again.
I guess the motto here of our sales department
is if at first you don't succeed, fail, fail again,
or something like that.
George's Saturday will be...
It's pending.
I know what he wrote on the thing.
Are you not a copy of it too?
I should not.
Yeah, don't read the location yet until I talk to John.
George is somewhere between 11 and 11 this Saturday
and I'm following a motion to dismiss.
Motion to dismiss.
Motion to change a venue.
That's what I'm talking about.
Just like I filed a motion to dismiss that line
and that one piece of copy this morning,
I granted it myself.
I'd like it to be in a place where it's hot
or what's hot or what's not.
I just tried it.
See, I hate to break the notice to our salespeople,
but you're not going to put words or anything else
in our mouths.
Also, in an effort to make it up to 100 grand
for Planned Parenthood, which we're struggling along
on our fundraiser.
Joe Costello will be in the QA in Van
with the best of deal stuff.
This Friday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.
at the Sound Device on Federal Highway
between Oakland and Commercial
with the CDs, cassettes and T-shirts.
No more keychains.
This Friday, not today, but this Friday 11 a.m.
and we'll tell you more about that tomorrow.
And of course, I guess on Friday
would be a good idea, since that today's going to be there.
We're closing them on 70 grand.
We got most of them up to December.
And December should be a gigantic month,
because those, and I'm looking at this thing,
the keychains went like hotcakes,
but unless I'm mistaken, the best of meal CDs
and cassettes aren't selling anywhere near the way
they ought to be.
No, we're near.
Now, it could be wrong about that.
There are specs all over day,
browned in Palm Beach, and of course,
there were on a West Coast, even in Fort Myers,
and in Naples.
You'd think just on a West Coast,
they'd be buying thousands and thousands
and thousands of those best of meal CDs.
When you have a...
Oh, well, I mean, sounds good.
How'd that poll come out yesterday, Neil?
Now that he's lost in court again,
Al Gore should concede or exhaust all legal options.
2001 votes, quite a few.
Conceed, 458, 45.7%, exhaust all legal options,
543, 54.3%.
Fairly close.
But now that I'm watching this thing
about those absentee ballots, and I'm listening,
I also think that this...
What does Renemia Gensan record?
The supervisor's...
The supervisor's elections in Seven North County.
I think she may be going to jail.
I could be wrong about that,
but I have this strong feeling
because they've got her deposition,
and they're going to be using parts of her deposition
and the testimony in this trial.
And I have a feeling based on all these
hanky, panky lies that she's telling,
telling and tolling, that she's in real serious hot water,
at least based on the jail Richmond's opening statement
that I just heard most of the little while ago.
So that's going on right now.
Yes, sir.
But we're not going to avoid you with the whole thing.
We will tomorrow morning, between 10 and 11,
we'll carry the oral arguments
in front of the Florida Supreme Court,
half off, or each side,
between 10 and 11,
on whether or not they should do the hand job
and recount those 14,000 ballots.
Nine minutes after 10, is it just goes on and on,
and what can I say?
Kind of like a hobby now.
No force of discerning may be reproduced
without the express written commission
of WQAM, B.C. Black House,
we've all created.
Yes, Bush, I have to move.
Yes, Bush, I have to move.
Yes, Bush, I have to move.
Thanks to her, we also have B.
She built us all with great delight.
She's the one the next to Paiyo.
We were on stage there every night.
And she's your birthday wife.
Holy moly, with her 38 double these eyes.
Hersher, with her tight.
Holy moly, she gives us young guys quite a ride.
Oh!
That's 13 at 5'60 WQAM,
4 pounds in two days, baby.
On my car, car solutions diet.
Do I hear any more about that from ourselves,
people from anybody else in the building?
No, they got their own agenda.
They can't be bothered with us.
We're small potatoes to them.
Anyway, our poll questions are there.
After this close election,
do more of you wish you had voted?
Three choices.
Yes, I didn't vote by wish I had.
Don't blame me, I voted.
Or no, I still wouldn't vote.
Excellent poll, Neil. Thank you.
I give a vibe to great poll, man.
After this close election,
do more of you wish you had voted?
Yes, I didn't vote, but I wish I had.
Don't blame me, I voted.
Or no, I still wouldn't vote.
And to be honest with you,
I couldn't blame any girl all the way around.
Crapie choice, crappy candidates.
See, I came up with that word,
disingenuous, which I think describes the algorithm perfectly.
And after watching the push about 30 times
on the news last night,
they kept showing standing outside
that the federal building in Riverdale,
in Hollywood,
the courthouse,
be wildered.
That's the expression that's always on his face,
be wildered.
Some people call it the deer in the headlights look,
but I think be wilder describes him perfectly,
be fluggled and really be wildered,
kind of as in,
booooooo, yeah, like that.
That's how he always appears to me.
Here's our first call in Bokeh, hello.
Ben, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm just,
it's unbelievable to me that,
and I'm certainly not encouraging this.
Well, what I'm about to say,
and I realize that, you know,
that's what makes our country the greatest,
well, you know,
you'll probably disagree with that as well.
But it makes our country the greatest what?
Well, I was going to say the greatest country in the world.
Oh, no, not even close.
I agree with that too,
but it's,
well, then why do you say it?
You see, you know what you say?
Because it's the popular thing to say,
you know,
we're not going to appreciate it.
We're the best and the we're on it.
Okay, well,
we got the best shopping malls in the world.
And we got the best, you know,
strip shopping malls.
And the best thing on signs other than Japan, I guess.
Well, now that I got the politically correct,
right, out of the way,
uh-huh.
Let me just say,
I now understand when, you know,
when you watch these newsreels from countries
where people are riding in the streets.
And again, I'm not encouraging that,
because I don't think it's the right thing to do.
But I do understand that these people have probably gone through, you know,
several years,
if not more, of these types of elections,
where obviously someone won the election
and through whatever, you know,
means necessary,
they give it to someone else.
Well, yeah, but don't forget,
it requires a very extraordinary circumstance
when you have an election that's this close
to be able for a small number of people
to be able to manipulate it.
It's ordinarily the margin that's sufficiently hundreds of thousands
or a million or whatever,
so that it makes it almost impossible to do it.
But when you have a very close election,
just like the one in Miami,
where you had the dead people voting,
and they finally threw all the absentee ballots out,
that's where it's possible to do it.
I agree.
But I would agree with it,
that the kind of crap that they're discovering now
that's going on in a lot of these Yahoo Counties,
it's been going on for years,
not just in Florida,
but all over the place,
which again is another classic example
of how ridiculous it is to be used in paper ballots,
and why they love paper ballots and absentee ballots,
because those are the ones that it's easier to dick around the election with,
and if we did have computerized voting,
and it all went into a computerized terminal,
and you had a specific number,
there's nothing to recount.
Well, absolutely.
It's the only smart thing to do,
but of course, why do that?
The other thing is, you know,
this George Bush guy,
I mean, forget about, you know, the politics.
If I have to look at this guy's lopsided face,
and facial expressions,
and whatever for four years,
I definitely think I'm leaving the country.
I mean, he looks like a geriatric Alfred Inumin to me.
I mean, it's painful to watch the guy speak,
and what I go up and his lip goes down,
and you just wait and form the stickest foot in his mouth.
Oh, Neil.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Better get that on my P. Edmundtman,
or Dick Clark, or some other dick.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8,
off to a very slow start this morning,
and you want to know why,
because they're all watching this stuff on.
I'm not going to put the audio on here.
It's a ponderous.
I mean, there might be a few interesting tidbits.
I can't, I'm not going to take the look at you doing that.
It would be an easy way out today.
Would it be an easy way out?
Yeah.
But I'm not going to do that.
Anything meaningful that develops,
because this is going to go on all day,
because the Democrats are calling four or five candidates
and Republicans three or four,
and then of course the Seminole County canvassing board,
they're calling theirs,
and this one and that one,
and it's going to be an all day deal,
and maybe into tomorrow.
Just the one in Seminole County.
Plus, it's Stagger's with the one in Martin County,
absentee ballot case up there,
because it's in the same courthouse,
so they have to stagger the hours.
So we'll do this for a little while,
and then they'll go back and know,
some of the same attorneys, by the way,
running back and forth,
like that berry with the big here.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, El?
Okay.
Hey, you guys, you need to get over the Gopi,
Equal Off, bottom line.
They counted it, they recount it,
he lost four million times that.
Sure, so let me ask you a question.
Go ahead.
Do you think that just by your saying method,
that makes it a fact?
I mean, I realized a lot of people have big egos,
but do you think that by your saying that,
that's going to be so persuasive and extraordinary?
Every report has rolled against Gora,
and that's enough.
Like the Fort Supreme Court,
did they roll against him?
Listen, Neil, they recounted the votes,
the guy lost everything they did.
They didn't recount them for the war.
They never counted the 13,000 votes
that are in question from Palm Beach and Dave Goli.
You know what, Tony?
The only votes they counted for Miami?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let me ask you this question.
Go ahead.
Because you're obviously hysterical,
and so partisan that I know I'm not going to get enough of this.
I'm not partisan, you know what I'm saying?
I'm not for Gora.
What are you screaming about?
Because your saying things aren't true.
I voted for Gora, so I'm not partisan on this.
Then what are you so hysterical about?
Because I believe in a fair process.
I don't believe in a fair process.
What do you do that, can I ask you the question?
Go ahead.
You think based on what you've read,
you've certainly been following it somewhat.
Obviously, you can't avoid it.
In Seminole County,
forget about any of the other Bay or Martin,
but just in Seminole County alone,
what was done in the back room of the supervisors office,
which is unprecedented,
according to what they've already discussed this morning.
You think that that was a fair vote?
I don't know exactly what I'm going on in the back room.
Well, then don't call a talk show
and start giving me a hurraying no matter who you voted for
and start pontificating when you don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm not going to talk to people like that,
whether they are bush people or gror people.
I don't care. They're dumb people.
God Almighty.
Read a newspaper.
Turn on your TV.
You're having a hearing right now
on the Seminole County ballots.
The Democratic ballots that also lack the same voter ID numbers,
they were put in a pile and finally
put in a Schmidt can.
We have no idea how many there were by the way,
because nobody kept a log.
Nobody has any idea how many there were,
just like these Republican ones.
And the Republican ballots that lack the information
and first were set aside,
and then they decided,
oh, wouldn't it be a good idea
let these Republican operatives come in here,
which Sandra Gourd says,
she don't even know who they are,
but she's already unfortunately testified
that she doesn't know who they are,
and it's got a whole bunch of people ready to come forward
and say that she talked with them,
she knows them by name, she knows who they were,
and they set them up in the back room
with the aid and assistance of the same Seminole County elections workers
who didn't have time to contact those individual voters
and tell them that their applications,
perhaps, and the ballots were lacking the information,
but somehow did have the time to hang out with these people
and fill all the information out
and make sure it's sorted all out.
And court them all out right,
separating the wheat from the...
Here's the, these are for us,
and those are in the crap,
or et cetera, and so on.
If that's your idea of a fair election,
and you're really not even up to believe
that this election was on the open up,
then I got 70 million acres of crap
in the Everglades to sell you,
or just a pound from my backyard,
that I'll sell you cheap,
the way the market's looking again today.
I don't want to talk about that market crap
because there's more bull crap.
That's the biggest pile of bull crap
that ever came down the pike.
You're better off taking your money,
putting it under a mattress.
I'm telling you that right now.
The stock market is the biggest scam
that was ever put over on the Goddamn public.
Make no mistake about that.
They give these 45 different talking heads
in yesterday and that last half hour
and the markets are going through the roof,
and the one guy comes on,
oh yeah, well if we can sustain this rally today,
the opening tomorrow is going to be spectacular,
and it's going to pick up right where we left off
and we'll have a real positive opening.
And not only did we sustain the rally,
but it kept going higher and higher until 405,
and it finally had the, you know,
closed the damn market down for the day.
Did we open positive this morning?
No.
Is the market up?
No. No. No. No.
Has that anything else? No.
No. No. No. It's all manipulation.
The people with the big bucks,
the people just like the price of all of this
came down to $29 a barrel.
Like, you went to bed one minute,
and next time when you got up,
$29 a barrel. Just won't wait a hell down.
Priced the gas to the pump gone down?
I haven't seen it. No. No.
I filled up my car last night at Amico,
Buck 74 gallon, for premiums.
Didn't look like it went down to me.
Did it go down any? Not a penny.
So what was that guy saying?
Oh, he was a jackass.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, he had a little background on Gerald Richmond.
He is the Miami attorney.
He's great.
Yeah, he ran when caught pepper faded away.
He was the opponent for Iliana Ross Layton
in that congressional race.
Gerald Richmond.
What a shame.
What a shame to think that
here's a brilliant guy like him,
a nice Jewish boy like him, a brilliant man,
and they put that that the Rosanna Dana back again.
Yeah, well, actually it was an open seat,
and he lost to her in the general election.
Isn't that pathetic?
But he's a great lawyer.
He's sensational. Where has he been all this time?
Well, we saved him for the right case.
You were a good point.
Because I'll tell you last night when the pretrial hearing
they were going wine and on and on about,
well, this is an important,
and that is an important.
You don't have to pay,
finally, Nikki Clark looked at him and said,
you mean to tell me this 1998 legislative law
that was passed to prevent this type of thing from happening?
I'm just supposed to ignore this, that, and the other here,
and let you guys get what you want.
So she's hot.
Yes, she is hot.
Mommy, not that hot.
Well, I'd like a Nikki Clark poster.
Really?
Well, you know, I mean, I was surprised actually she showed up this morning.
I thought they would have took care of her last night.
Okay.
Good luck, you pal.
I've heard of the hang-in, Jordy,
but that's really extending it a little bit too far.
5667-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
How's that pool coming along?
Well, look at that.
After this, now this is interesting.
You want to know what's coming out like this?
Don't blame me, I voted.
It's got all 10 votes so far.
You want to know why?
Because the people who didn't vote or don't care, they're gone.
They're not listening to any of this.
We've lost that whole part of the audience, which is 50% of the public.
We don't have anybody listening.
Do I really care about that anymore?
No.
I've done my best for a lot for about 100 years,
and these people here, the B's, these and Greg Read,
they deserve that point, two shares they're going to want to get in someday.
They deserve it.
A bunch of phony, baloney, grave robin,
schlockmeisters.
This is your schlock station.
Make no mistake about that.
And we're proud of it.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
You're speaking like a true Democrat, and I can understand what you're talking about.
Yes, I am a true Democrat.
That is correct.
Yes, sir.
But I'm not so much a true Democrat anymore as I am an anti-Republican.
That's right.
But you know what, tell me,
you have the truth.
You want the other foot.
And the Democrats were playing for this rather than the other way around.
The Democrats would act in the exact same way.
And what about the Bush people?
Wouldn't they be doing the same thing that Gorge is doing now?
You bet.
So what's the point?
So the point is, it's not a Republican or a Democratic question.
He's a country question.
Yeah.
It's a data.
It's a how we are going to work out.
Whether we're going to have to work out.
Whether we're going to have to work out.
I'm not dealing with this.
Okay, today, or any other time.
If you want to have a conversation fine,
if you want to make a speech,
get a goddamn little soapbox
and go out on the street corner somewhere.
It's a question of,
if you're going to have an election that's supposed to be important,
then do it right.
That's the question.
Not complicated.
Not rocket science.
Do it right.
Get the right number.
And don't be able to spin your way in or fake your way in,
or talk your way in, or PR your way in.
And then,
then,
Cheney comes on,
and they ain't talking about,
well, you know, we could have a recession.
And even the economist,
who I'm going to be asking,
don't you think that that's, you know,
pretty dangerous language coming from a man
who's like a heartbeat,
or shouldn't have said heartbeat,
away from being vice president?
And they were saying,
yeah, that's not a good idea.
In addition to which green span,
you see he pulled the carpet out from under a yesterday.
He pulled it right out.
And don't pull it too hard,
because if he falls down,
I think that's going to be it for Dick.
26 after 10 is 560,
WQA.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
I believe poor as well as the rich.
Women and men alike citizens of every race,
creed, and color,
all are equal.
They are equal,
that is,
so long as all of their votes choose me.
If the people do not in the end choose me,
I would then commit to contest this inaccurate and incomplete count,
in order to ensure they choose me.
This is some Erica recount after recount God Bless America.
At a boy out,
1031 and 560 WQA.
18 you heard this fact,
this is very amusing to me.
In fact, maybe it deserves a little bit of music in the background,
because I think it would kind of add the flavor that it deserves.
This is, I find your comments yesterday equating conservatives to Nazis offensive.
Oh, it's too bad.
Sometimes honesty is offensive.
The point is, or was, a voter who is capable of following written instructions
may have, by de facto, surrendered their rights of vote.
While genocide of this population may be a pad extreme,
just a pad,
I think anyone who thinks the tabulation machines identified,
what did you say?
I have no problem with voter-voter re-education camps.
Start with anyone who thinks the tabulation machines identified
and rejected their ballot based on race, age,
gender, or personal, sexual preference.
Then include those who have difficulty with the concept of express checkout lanes
for 10 items for less or less and no checks.
Also invite to their camps those Florida drivers who think a red traffic signal
is just some sort of holiday decoration.
And let's not forget any former member of the Buffalo Bills,
who murdered their ex-wives, moved to Florida to escape a civil judgment,
and then started attacking the neighbors.
Well, the last part I agree with this guy.
But basically what he's saying is,
anybody who don't agree with him put him in camp.
So I arrest my case.
Thank you here, Montgomery, Jr.
and have a nice day.
And I'll just turn to you too.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Line 1 is screwed up.
Just remember I told you that.
Line 5 is still not fixed.
And he's in there sitting on his ass just like always.
And I'm just not wasting my time because they don't care.
Yeah, we're going to up this instant.
Yeah.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yeah, I want to, number one, say, I don't always agree with you 100%,
but I do love your show.
And I got something to say about the OJ Simpson thing.
I'm pretty much beside myself.
The OJ Simpson thing.
The OJ Simpson situation.
Yeah, about the guy with a sunglasses.
Yes, sir.
I, two years ago, had the exact same experience.
I'm not proud of it, but I do want to tell you the truth that I had a road raid situation.
Another man wanted to fight with me, basically.
There was threats back and forth.
Oh, okay.
Go on story short.
I got out of the car, went over to his car, reached in his car six inches, sir,
and was arrested for burglary due to my hand going in his car at the Florida Statute.
They handcuffed and shackled me.
Put me in jail for nine days.
You stuck six inches in his window?
Yes, sir.
My fist went in his hand.
When the center window.
It didn't break the window.
It was open.
He was trying to scrap it me, sir, and I was trying to scrap it him.
And his seatbelt was hooked, so he couldn't get out of the car.
But you didn't pull his glasses off and scratch him in the deck.
Exactly, sir.
Exactly happened.
His glasses came off and he had a scratch on his nose.
Yes.
Exactly what happened.
They charged me with burglary and assault.
I admitted the assault immediately, sir, but burglary was ridiculous because I've never tried to rob anybody of them.
I'll allow them.
Okay.
They took me to the shackled me by feet and my hands, or even though I was a complete gentleman, my background real quick.
I've been a businessman for 22 years in Broward County.
I own three homes in Pomfano Beach area.
I could have bond with them.
They refused me bonds, sir, for nine days.
Here's a man who does the exact same thing and is not even arrested for it.
Now, how does that happen?
I mean, look, wait a minute.
If he's going to murder two people and not get arrested for that, how's he going to get arrested for this?
So I guess I should have had to burn your people first.
He's not going to go to prison or the electorate's here for killing two people.
I mean, he didn't get arrested.
He didn't get thrown to slammer for 20 years.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
It's not a day like this.
I'm just going to put my sword on 11th birthday due to this.
I couldn't bond out.
It cost me, they gave me three years' probation.
Well, I'm going to manage my credit.
I guess if you had been able to run a faster and jump higher, you'd have probably gotten off.
Is that it?
That's it.
I'm sick and tired of people saying, hey, you know, the blacks get it all wrong and the whites are the ones who get away with it all because in this case, let me tell you, it's fame.
Fame got him off.
You got him.
Because I'm a standard businessman, standard person.
I went to jail.
I was shackled and I suffered for nine days.
Well, there you go.
Don't do it again.
Don't think it's fair.
Okay.
Take care, Neil.
Good luck, you sir.
How do you like that?
This guy's pissed off.
He's sick and tired of hearing black folks whining all the time about how they get picked on and discriminated against.
He's missing the point.
That's only poor black folks, including a lot of poor black folks who deserve to go to jail.
Who are scumbags and poor white folks who deserve to go to jail.
Who are scumbags?
But don't confuse us with the facts.
But the point about OJ is well taken to her.
He's a scumbag.
It's an embarrassment and disgrace that we have to have him here in our midst of all places.
But it's a very good place to come to the state of Florida, take it away from all those goddamn judgments against your income.
So that's why he's here.
Plus, he's got his good buddies named Raw.
And others.
And Sam.
And a lot of the people inside this building who got their tongue so far up his ass that it might come out his throat someday.
Yeah.
They're yanking it.
I don't want to mention no names.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Okay.
One thing I wanted to ask you about.
Why did Bush bring back all of his food to that henchman?
Like, you know, you have to ask me that question.
Why would he do that?
And especially what the...
Sarah, are you really that naive?
Because it's Papa Bush too.
Don't you understand that?
It's the Bush people taking over all over again.
He's the face man for the same people that we're in before.
So why shouldn't he bring him back?
And the people are so about.
And the people are so stupid that when he left power, everybody was in a major recession.
Right.
And now we're going to go through it all over again.
And that's why I keep asking the question.
Why in anybody with a half a brain want to go back to the Bush days again?
I guess because they're stupid and they have a short memory.
And also, let me just point out to you again that when Adelaide...
And sometimes comparing the Al Gore to Adelaide, Stevenson.
But when Stevenson ran against Eisenhower, there was no comparison.
Stevenson was a genius, a brilliant man.
Eisenhower was almost a literate but a war hero.
Now, George W certainly isn't a war hero, especially after the disappearing national guard life to you.
But the fact is, his name is Bush.
A lot of people assume that he was supposed to be.
He was next in line.
And therefore, they like dumb.
Don't you understand?
They prefer dumb over intellect.
And one more thing, they execute in another one in Texas.
That makes...
Number 38.
Number 38, two more.
They're scheduled two more for this week.
Nice Christmas present.
That's like one every 10 days.
Oh, right.
We're doing great Bush.
Okay, keep that going.
That's what George always says.
Keep that needle pumping.
And the execution is two.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
You know, the ones that get me really wild are the ones we've already had a couple today.
They're like shrill and hysterical, like the one guy clean loose for Gour, which maybe he was.
Plenty of dumb people voted for Gour too.
And they don't know what they're talking about.
Like Vince Gulley has said, it's one thing to be wrong, but the worst thing is to be loud and be wrong.
59 votes so far.
Don't blame me.
I voted 50.
Yes, I didn't vote for Bush.
I had five.
And no, I still wouldn't vote four.
Out of 59 votes so far.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio 560QA.
I'm on the AT&T in the legendary athlete, the extraordinary actor.
Now he debuts in his new action series, OJ-Syptom stars in Miami, slide.
We're going to be in the field.
The juices lose, OJ-Syptom is the worst cop named Bruno Mali.
Because I beat the strength of Brentwood, California, to the deadly strength of Miami for the...
Listen to OJ-Syptom's ass-ticking cop dialogue.
Where were you last night at 7pm?
Um...
Answer me, bitch!
The bitch is going on!
You're gonna beat me!
You're gonna beat me!
Miami's wife starring OJ-Syptom as Sergeant Bruno Mali, the hard rough sub cop on duty.
But the loving dad are...
Dad?
Yes, dear.
What happened to mom?
The bitch is dead!
The bitch is dead!
I knew the bitch!
I'll get you a room and do your homework!
I am a slice, I'm OJ-Syptom and Sergeant Bruno Mali.
I'm NBC this Saturday.
The juice is glued!
I guess who else is gonna be in that movie?
Roy!
It's 1043 at 560.
They're a little itchy on their finger there.
That's what OJ said too.
560QA.
560QA.
560QA.
On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
On Seminole County, Epsity Balotrol is in recess.
Even the Martin County one is in recess.
They're just going...
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
They're just going to be in recess.
Here's Sunrise.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I was just wondering if Bush did the right thing
and just dropped dead.
What would happen with this whole scenario?
I mean, would they still recount?
Would they ask for, you know, Cheney to go in?
I know he's going to die any minute.
So I just wonder what would happen if he had an idea on that.
Maybe ridiculous, but this whole thing is so ridiculous.
I figured I'd pose this question.
Don't forget George is going to be somewhere this Saturday
from 11 to 1 and maybe we'll find out or maybe we'll not.
I mean, it's only one thing.
Johnny isn't in the building and I don't know how to get a whole thing.
And what about Patrick?
He's in the building.
How about Peter Leonard?
Is he in the building that we're going to bring all of that good stuff
and then we'll bring out grass?
Or Todd Dreck?
Well, maybe they're another sale seminar or some crap like that going on.
Or maybe they're just in hiding now that we need something.
See, what we got are salespeople that bring us a lot of crap
that we don't need and certainly don't want.
But anytime we like need something, like even information,
the answer is always, can't be found.
Here's Moral Gables.
Hello.
Here?
Yes, sir.
Good.
You wanted somebody who voted for Bush, I guess, to explain it.
I don't vote for the man, the way most people say, I vote for political direction.
Sometimes I might vote against the man that I never voted against.
And I do.
Yeah.
So in other words, it doesn't make any difference.
What candidate they put up, you still vote Republican.
If they put Mickey Mouse in there, you still vote Republican?
I know that he's the one.
Sometimes in California voted libertarian.
Oh, boy.
When Nixon ran for governor.
I don't like the case about libertarians, yeah.
When Nixon ran for governor, I voted for Pat Brown.
So mad at it, we can say that he's, we're so mad at Nixon
for stepping into the governor election there.
But, well, Berkeley said it and this applies mostly to primaries.
You vote for the right most viable candidate, viable being the word.
Is this the same bill, Berkeley, you're quoting that said that all people with HIV ought to have tattoos.
And then when his best friend died of AIDS, he found out that maybe he wasn't the single right to him.
Is that the same bill, Berkeley?
Yeah, probably.
Oh, that's great.
Thank you.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT in Verizon Wireless Line.
So what did I tell you about libertarians?
You're not fooling anybody.
You're not fooling me and quit waste in our facts paper.
Just like that.
Rabbi, I keep toned shit quit waste in our facts paper.
Remember they even had people call at the shul and tell them to stop wasting our facts.
It just goes in the circular file.
They have to keep knocking all those trees down just to make the paper for the facts paper.
And I got them.
Rabbi, he keeps sending me to that direct every couple of days.
Pay more of it this morning again.
Why do they owe circular file to Schmitt can?
Coxal Hoi is Rabbi.
And take Julie Berman with you.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
For that poor fox who called before and said he was kept for nine days in jail, I got two words for him.
Bail Bondsman.
I used to have an aqua in Chicago who used to work with the outfit if you will.
He would get known killers from the outfit sprung in an hour when they were picked up for suspicion.
Sprung in an hour.
Bail Bondsman.
One more thing.
That super pimped rush limba said that Gore hired Bill Bailey so they could steal the election.
Bill Bailey.
Okay, I asked you a question.
Why the...
For the life of me, I don't understand why anybody other than the right wing, true and blue.
Why do you subject yourself to that?
Do you think you're going to hear anything informative, anything interesting, anything intellectually honest on that?
Why do you listen to that?
Just to hear what the enemy has to say.
Okay, great.
Have a good time doing it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
That's like the people that are listening...
Or not listening to any over monitoring him.
Right.
They're monitoring him.
They're squeezing themselves as to what they're doing.
It's a terrific duty.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on the lines that are working today, which is some of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's a lady, Mobile and Paw Hoki.
Hello.
Hi, this is Candy.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm preparing for the worst.
And I do believe in Wagandhi said about passive resistance.
Yeah.
And I think that you'll tell me the truth when this is a jackass idea or not.
Uh-huh, probably.
If the Republic...
Yeah.
If the Republic is...
If the Republic is due to take the office and we all know that...
What the people said, why don't we do it in the road, yeah?
Can we go on like a purchasing diet in the sense of this big business and the medical firms,
everyone's supported the Republic?
So in other words, stop buying your prescription drugs so that you die in just despite the heavy attack.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
But I mean, like, only by necessity for a certain amount of time, so that they see that the people have some power.
That's not going to happen.
It's not going to accomplish anything, number one, it's not going to happen.
Because the American way of selfishness in people want their crap.
And especially at this time of the year, people are going to stop buying stuff.
I don't think so.
Well, what else?
In addition to it, don't be messing with my stocks because I don't want them to go down.
Can you imagine that?
You want people to stop.
You want the Hurt the Economy now.
Like, out of spite, we're going to shoot ourselves in the feet just to show they were pissed off.
How about in two years when we have another election?
That's when we do something sweet, right?
That's when you do it.
And also, let's change with the other.
No more paper ballots.
I keep trying to tell you people.
And finally, last night, they had a segment about that.
And they showed the computerized and the swipe card, the ATM type card.
They showed all these things that they've got.
I mean, please don't insult my intelligence as minimal as it may be.
By telling me that this is the way hold any election.
With paper punch card ballots.
There are other countries like Canada and England.
They use paper ballots, but not with punch cards.
Oh no, you're wrong, Neil.
This is a great way to have graphed.
OK, great.
I hope you enjoy it.
And they're in recess in Somalal County.
They're seeing their stuff and they have to pick up all their crap and they're going from one courtroom to another in the same building.
They're in the same courthouse.
And then Friday, we got the Bay County, which I wasn't even aware that there wasn't Bay County.
With 13,000 more.
So 15 and 10 is 25 and 13.
There's 38,000 absentee ballots get thrown out.
I wish Bush probably got about 30,000.
So that's a 22,000 vote margin.
So that leaves like what, about 21,000 for Gordon or something like that.
And maybe a little more.
Here's a mobile and a fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think that's our little boy made a cruiser look like a fool.
We have a night.
Yeah.
They look like a real rookie.
Uh-huh.
Hey, I'm a, I'm a relief fan myself.
I always like cruiser, especially when he's an advocate.
Yeah.
Well, then why would you knock him because he led in a bad goal or two?
I think he was a great goal.
Burries get the hands on him like you wouldn't believe.
Let me ask you this, sir.
Who tied the game in the last 35 or 40 seconds?
Well, dumb, dumb, tight dome.
He had a couple in there.
But then I was turning it off.
Well, what in mind would you are you speaking, sir?
You're pretending to be a hockey fan.
And tied to me had the first goal of the game.
You didn't have a couple.
You had the first goal of the game is ninth of the season.
Anything else you'd like to discuss?
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
This, this place.
And you know something, this guy who fanches himself a hockey fan.
This is what you hear in a Macaroon electorate when the 10,000 or less people will be there for that islander game.
That's what you hear.
In fact, this is even better than what you hear.
As you're listening, and of course you can't help it.
They're like I said before, loud and wrong.
Loud and have no idea what they're talking about.
5667 05 60, pound 560.
It happened to have been a great game, sir.
It happened to have been a hell of a phenomenal game.
And I'll take the point.
Thank you.
In fact, both teams should take the point.
Here's a mobile and four-letteredale.
Mobile and four-letteredale.
That is a door-nail.
Mobile and Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was just taking shake.
I got to tell you something.
I only went there because of you.
I remember being in the shop a lot of years ago.
I never walked in one place.
I thought it was a jump.
Because I didn't know, right?
I got to say that's the best fast food in this country.
That was awesome.
I mean awesome.
Great hamburger, great milkshake.
Yes, sir.
So this place was packed like it's Christmas or something.
I asked him, do you know why all these people are here?
I asked him, Andrew.
He said, no, I said, well, Neil Rogers.
Because who's that?
I go, you'll see.
Yeah, who's that?
Thanks a lot, Stake and Shake.
To them, okay, who's that?
People who actually got the guy's name.
He didn't know.
He's from out of town, I think.
Oh, I see.
But still, I said, the reason all these people are here is because of Neil.
He goes, okay.
I said, you don't know when he walks in.
You better get him free food, too.
No, I won't be going in.
I'm out of my diet, but enjoy.
It's great.
Neil, I was so impressed I can't tell you.
There you go.
You know, Zach, one last thing.
I know you don't replay, boy, but there's a great interview this month.
Gary Johnson, the governor of New Mexico, talking about legalizing drugs, and I'm not going to go any further than he is probably because a lot of people are against him.
Right.
He's got a great story.
You ought to read.
He's right on the money.
Okay, somebody else said it to me.
He talked about Holland, you know, the whole deal over there.
How they have one quarter less crime than we, you know, it's just a better deal.
One quarter less crime?
Well, when I say, well, 90 percent less crime.
No, no, what I mean is probably three-fourths less crime is what I mean of any kind.
Right.
They just don't have crime over there compared over here.
And they say all the crimes over here are drug-related.
So, you know, a lot of it, you know, whatever.
They said if it was legal, people wouldn't be killing each other to get drugs.
There you go.
So don't confuse us with the facts, man, because it's not politically correct.
Thanks for sticking, Zach.
I can take my wish.
I own that place.
Okay, enjoy it.
See you.
Okay, that's it.
We have one call up in the board and then I would put the thing on, but there is no thing.
There's no, they're all in recess right now.
So, you know, you might assume they're watching that or they're watching that.
No.
Not even on.
Here's North Miami, our last call today.
Hello.
I'm the last car.
I'm a really good, Neil.
You're the only one I got, man.
I always do.
You're red.
The last time we talked was at that place on 441 with the Living Dead public appearance.
You know, where you plunge your brains out.
Yeah.
It's the greatest place for that about that place is people keep combing themselves.
You're telling me that's a Frank or Frank's gone to Harry's area.
Yeah.
But you got to go to the newsstand and get time issue today, November 6th.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's called November 6th.
November 6th.
December 6th.
Okay.
Feeling the burn.
That's the title.
For some reason, time doesn't list the pages by numbers.
But for what page in, it's all about what we got, the gird.
I was in the hospital for two days with this.
They went up my bottom, down my bottom, did my heart, never, everything.
And I said, well, I know I got cancer.
I told my wife, but, hey, I've got this.
Something, yeah.
He walks in.
Well, you got the gird.
There's some pills.
I never even heard of the gird until I came back and had it from Amsterdam.
All the way ahead of me.
Yeah.
When I was in a key, I went away to the, he said, well, you got nerves.
You got this.
Unbelievable.
But you got to get this all over.
And today's time, just hit the news.
Okay, I'll grab it.
You got it.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Feel better.
He's got the gird.
That's going to be a poor question in the early next week.
Would you rather have the gird of the bird?
I know George has answered that one.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
I think our fax machine has had a little bit, it got a little jammed.
And the fax is starting to pour out the bottom there, out the bottom, out of the, uh,
back dome.
The fax machine, which would be real bad.
4305-60-0560, WC-UAM Miami Port Lauderdale, a beastly, broadcast group station,
www.quam.com for the world.
I have to do stuff right now.
Oh, you're very talented young lady.
Tell me.
Have I ever introduced you to a little Bubba?
Thank you, President.
Excuse me, girls.
Yes, Maggie?
You have a peculiar call online, three.
Should I put them through?
I'll put a raw through Maggie.
Thank you.
Hello.
Mr. President.
Spaking.
This is the state of Florida calling.
I'm holding this election hostage.
When you promise to stop sending us your old people, we will release the election.
You're here.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yes, then if somebody knows how to vote, that would be good.
It's 11-01-560-WQM.
There's a Judge Nikki Clark to set down her ass in the chair again.
Come on, Nikki.
Say something, sweetheart.
Don't just rattle on papers around.
Say something.
Somebody speak.
Mr. Richard, if I'm first to witness, please.
All right.
On your first witness, Mr. Richard, I should put that on here.
It's better than all these whining, hysterical people screaming and yelling and carrying on.
What are you getting all excited about?
You think that this was some kind of a big deal that we had somebody to be enthusiastic about,
which we don't?
Which we don't?
Down is down 76, then Azdaq down 13 cents.
Maybe the Nasdaq, maybe that arrow is going to turn around and get a green arrow on there.
Maybe George's two little stocks are going to go up.
Not that I care about those.
Oh, it's, uh, guess what?
Since I did it yesterday, I almost forgot about it today.
Happy birthday, George, and Alien.
Yeah.
That's from Alien.
And don't spend it all in one place.
Oh, I sent Alien a happy meal.
Yeah.
I was having to work this morning and that kept crossing my mind.
That fixed the, uh, wrote that letter to the editor in the year old a few weeks ago.
I'm wondering, I'm sitting here today wondering is Alien missing his happy meal today.
So let's understand that parochial Americans, which I would say is about 180 million of them,
that's all they can relate to.
That's why they keep like the guy before that cliche about, you know, America is the greatest country in the world.
It most convenient, most modern, most chopping malls, most McDonald's, although the rest of the world's catching up fast and dying as fast now too as we are.
Because of it, I wonder if he's missing his happy meal, probably not only is he not missing it,
but probably at 10, 15 years it was life's effect.
He won't be eating any of that crap over there until I start opening them there.
And that won't be long.
Remember when they open them up in Russia?
Yeah, it won't be long when Castro finally says, okay, let's get a big Mac.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good morning to you.
A few years ago, the INS Commissioner was directed by the President to kind of cut all the paperwork for the new immigrants coming into the country to citizenize them.
Citizenize them now.
If that's a word.
And for the past couple of years, the INS has been just cranking out new citizens, you know, like other thousands.
And of course, a lot of the majorities are coming from third world countries.
There's very few people from Amsterdam coming over here to the US citizens.
And at the INS ceremonies, all these people are handed a little handouts with President Clinton's mug shot on it with the American flag in the back saying that I hope you exercise your democratic rights to vote.
And of course, one of these third world country people are leaving the convention centers and all the other sworn insurances with the impression that they're Democrats.
Now, my question to you is that just for an open mind.
Well, what do you mean the impression that they're Democrats?
Well, what are you talking about?
Well, because they're...
I mean, like all the Cubans that are coming in, are they Democrats?
Well, they've been here for quite a while.
No, I'm talking about the one day they're washing up on sure every day, sir.
I'm not so sure those Republicans are washing up, I'm sure.
Or whatever they're...
Well, are they? Are they Democrats?
Yeah, who knows.
I see.
So what you're saying is that all those borders that we keep leaving in here, they're all Democrats.
Now, let me give you my point.
Uh-huh.
My point is this, a lot of these people have come in.
There's been here a couple of years.
They really haven't been explained the differences in the two parties.
Or the three parties, if you want to look at it that way.
Or they're just looking themselves as being, you know, President.
So what you're saying, President Clinton's picture is on.
He happens to be president.
I would imagine probably if George Bush gets in, his picture will be on the same literature you're talking about.
So here's my point.
Just like Jeff Bush uses his letterhead to send those illegal letters out in Bay County.
I'm a president, so I don't really care which way they vote Republican.
No, but what you're saying, what you're saying, the essence of what you're saying is that...
Can I say anything, sir?
I haven't gotten to my point yet.
I'll let you get to your point.
But a conversation means I can say something in the middle, okay?
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
What the essence of what I'm hearing so far is that immigrants, recent arrivals don't know...
They're politically unsophisticated and don't know how to vote.
Now, would you single them out?
Because I think that's extraordinarily unfair.
I think that that could be said about most Americans.
What I'm saying is, should those people that have newly arrived, newly citizenized,
be allowed to cancel the vote of a person that's been here for...
Let me ask you this question, sir.
How long do you think that they should have to be here before they can vote?
There should be at least a minimum of five to ten-year period, I would imagine.
Why is that?
Why is that?
What could you imagine?
When you vote in another country, if you become a legal citizen, you can vote.
I don't know if any democracy in the world, where once you become a legal citizen,
that you're not allowed to vote.
The requirements for becoming a citizen in other progressive, you know, first-world countries are a lot...
Well, I'm saying what, we'll make you a director of immigration and you can stand there and you can pick and choose who can come in.
It takes at least two years, first of all, naturalizes the word that he's thinking of.
And why are you dignifying, I'm sorry.
Why are you dignifying?
He has no idea the procedure involved.
He don't like those outsiders.
And what are you talking about anyway, illegal alien? What are you hucking a China here?
Well, that's what.
Then we're good enough.
I ought to know. Good reason. We know your relatives.
567-0560, pound 566-D on the AT&T and for Ryzen Wireless Line.
Many, many open lines. There's the bewildered one.
Now we're going to be sentenced to the period of post-Urgentian law.
You're working like some death...
Well, we're going to have George W. is meeting with Condoleezza Rice about global affairs.
He's got a globe, but he says here's China.
And he's going like...
Yeah.
And here's the coast of Oda you were looking for?
Yeah.
Wow.
567-0560, pound 566-D on the AT&T and for Ryzen Wireless Line.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. I just wanted to know why OJ can run an O-Link and Navigator when I got a 1984 van.
Well, let me ask you how many touchdowns you score?
Not a lot.
Uh-huh.
Neil, you think the Florida Panthers can beat the islanders tonight?
Well, what kind of a question is that?
Why do people call, first of all, it's not a sports show, so I don't deal with questions like that.
Number two, let me just say this if they don't, I think it's bye-bye Terry.
Exactly. Thank you.
Okay, you're welcome. That's what I said yesterday.
I think that this is where they draw the line in the sand.
Let me just point one thing out to you for the four hockey fans we have listening.
Number one, there is no other team in the league that has its few as five victories.
In fact, there's no other team in the league that has its few as six, including the expansion teams,
Columbus and Minnesota.
Atlanta, the second year team, a horrible team, the Atlanta trash.
They've got three more points than the Panthers who are in last place with only five victories.
And the only reason they've got 19 points is they've managed to salvage nine points from overtime losses and ties.
And I think if they lose to the lowly islanders tonight, I think you can pretty much give a big kiss.
Goodbye, do at least one of them, or even.
Bye-bye-bye!
Hey, it's maybe not both.
Because Wayne, I mean, why even say it?
How much more patients can this man have, especially when he's so desperate to unroll the franchise?
Here's the lady mobile in four Myers. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, I'd like to ask you a few of the things.
You know, I was thinking, I cannot believe what you said about this letter in Louis that the Miami-Herald about Aelion.
About the happy me.
I got the hat on.
Yeah.
Yeah, she wondered if he was getting, sorry that he wasn't having his happy me or let me.
She could just imagine how sad he was.
Oh my God.
Now every picture that I've seen, I mean, I realized there's process of things propagating, which we're very good at too.
But all the photos that I've seen him have over there were playing with his kids, schoolmates and friends.
He looks happy as a pig and slop to me.
Is this how I care?
I didn't follow that one too closely.
Yeah. Good.
But the reason I called is I was watching a little bit of the opening statements from today in Seminole.
And I love the argument that they're saying, well, you know, some of these voters, they made a mistake.
And, you know, the piece of paper wasn't, that they got, wasn't printed out correctly.
That's the same exact argument about Palm Beach, but on the opposite side.
I feel like I'm in the smiley zone.
It's not a control.
Well, I mean, you're talking about massive rampant corruption.
You're talking about a woman who I think may be on her way to jail, Sandra Gourd, the supervisor of elections in Seminole County.
And you're talking about a lot of lies and a lot of mischief.
And you're talking about a separate set of standards, the Republican applications for absentee ballots.
They got filled out when it was missing information.
And then, aocratic one's got put in a stack and then finally got thrown in the Schmidt can.
But when is something going to be done about it, honestly?
Well, that's why they're having the trial today, sweetheart.
That's what they're having a trial for.
But were you not saying that, I mean, you don't think that they're going to vote in favor of the Republican?
It's not a question of, it's not a question of they.
It's Judge Nikki Clark.
And I think that there's a very good chance he's going to throw those ballots out.
You know, I feel that way too, but you know, everybody obviously had TV saying no, no, even the Democrats are saying, you know.
They've done a lot of, I heard Jerry Richmond say this morning, I think there's a real good chance
that those ballots are going to go with it without the Marines.
We'll make a package deal, please.
10 past 11 at 560 WDQN.
Oh, God, Neil.
It's a forward of vacation that no one will forget, especially the two candidates buying for the White House.
When the Rugrats visit in, the Rugrats in recount county.
1, 2, 9, 7.
That's just totally false.
Wait a minute, it's just totally false.
Mommy changed my diaper.
More numbers in that town.
The Rugrats in recount county, opening in theaters everywhere.
Hopefully before January 22nd.
Change is a forward.
11, 14 at 560 WDQN.
We got Hank Goldberg and the student to a clock.
First after yesterday's March of Dimes award.
And then we got the Geldy on Game Night at the Hard Rock Cafe at 6.
Panther, a preview at 7 o'clock, 730 game time.
Outliers at the Panther.
Is any interest in that game?
No.
And then Eddie K. after the game.
What's Jesse saying?
I'm Casey remains clear.
Yeah, OK.
Despite what everyone is saying, I didn't mention this yesterday about the op-ed article in the hero.
It's pretty interesting article.
December 12th is not the deadline for certifying intellectuals.
If a state declares a winner by December 12th, members of Congress cannot change the validity of the state's electoral votes when it comes time to count them.
It is obviously desirable for a state to declare a winner by December 12th.
If it's for the one who's going to do it, it's for the one who's going to do it.
But it is not essential under the law.
Federal law contains only one hard and fast deadline in January 6th.
This is the date on which a joint session of Congress must meet at 1 p.m.
to count electoral votes in the clear winner.
Not so fast in New York Times App Head writer says not even January 20th in Operation Days of Deadline.
Congress can fix someone to be acting president until a Florida Court's Resolve Mr. Gore's claims.
It's right there in the 20th Amendment to the Constitution passed in 1933.
How do you like that?
Here's another one.
It says should Dick Cheney resign?
A Stanford medical professor writes in the LA Times that he should resign before he's inaugurated his vice president.
Cheney's medical problems are grounds for serious worry he writes.
We do know that he's required cholesterol lowering drugs that is ejection fraction.
Squared, squirt.
The percentage of blood that leads the heart during each contraction is 20 to 30 percent lower than normal
that his heart muscle was damaged by the previous heart attacks and that additional muscle tissue has been injured
as shown by his elevated blood enzymes.
Plus the stress of the vice president he can only accelerate coming cardiac events.
No more studies have shown that heart disease and heart attacks are associated with varying degrees of depression and impaired thinking.
Such changes may harm concentration, memory, analytic ability, qualities that make for good decision
making.
And will Roger Stalbach had the Navy in the Bush administration?
All right.
The Bush team has talked to one time Dallas Cowboy and Naval Academy graduate Roger Stalbach about hitting the Navy Reuters reports.
Aviation Week Magazine first reported the news in one of its newsletters, former Indiana Center to Dan Coats
is a possibility for secretary of defense.
And you can be sure that Roger will be there on the sidelines yelling, defense, defense, give me the ball, give me the ball.
Nice go Roger.
I always like Roger not as much as Danny White.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
How's that the trial coming in the Seminole County ballot thing?
Just to make you prepare for that third party in the office.
You can send it up to the court please.
Yeah, hand it over here.
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi.
I'm a little bit confused by something and I thought maybe you can explain it to me.
I totally believe that this Judge Nikki Clark will in fact throw those votes out.
Oh right.
I think that the law says that she should be allowed to do that.
I think it will then go to the Supreme Court.
If she's ruled according the law, I think the Supreme Court would uphold that.
But what I'm hearing is in that instance that would mean that Gore would have won.
But then again the Florida legislature is saying that they will hold a special session.
No.
No. No.
You don't understand.
If this is all going to happen in the next couple of days.
And you noticed that that legislative session, that special session was supposed to start today,
but it's not going to be what's kind of on hold. It's in limbo.
Right.
And I don't think that even the most rabid of the right wingers in the Florida legislature are going to have the Hutzpah.
If they throw those votes out and Gore winds are putting by several thousand votes,
the public would never stand for it. They never sit still for it.
So that's what you think?
Yeah.
That's what I think. I mean, I can't guarantee you that, but that's what I think.
Well, as I said, I believe that she's got absolutely the right to do that.
I think she should be that.
I'll see the judge.
So of course she's got the right.
Although I'm a Democrat, you know, I feel as if we've been totally screwed in Palm Beach County.
What's happened here?
And, you know, it's not a tip for that thing. It's a matter of law.
And if the Republicans want to preach law, that's the reason why nothing could be done in Palm Beach County because of the law,
then I think they need to follow it.
Okay.
God bless, Nikki Clark.
God bless, Nikki.
Okay. Let's pull for Nikki.
Come on, everybody out there. Pull for Nikki.
Let's go. You go, girl.
She's getting bigger than Judge Edo. I'll tell you that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And she tried to put her slant on the selection thing.
Palm 5, 60 on the 18th.
And she forgot the wireless line.
Over there on the West Coast and the rest of the world, we had that toll free number.
We have very rarely rings.
877-785-6345.
You see, all the people who are whipped up in this thing, they're gone.
I told you that the other day.
And of course, as usual, I was right.
Our poll shows that.
After this election, you do more of you wish you would voted.
Vote, play me. I voted.
125 out of 148.
Yes, I didn't vote. But wish I had only 14, 9%.
And though I still wouldn't vote 9 or 6%.
So only 23 out of 148.
Who are listening to this show right now who voted on our website.
23 out of 148. Pretty weak.
Like 15%.
85% said, don't play me. I voted.
Which bears out what I said.
The people who didn't vote, the people who give a crap.
They're not going to listen to all of this.
They're not watching this stuff on TV.
They're not watching CNN and CNBC and MSNBC and the Fox Fashes Network.
They're not watching that crap.
And you know something, maybe they're better off.
Maybe they're better off because it's pretty goddamn distressing and depressing.
And all of this is just another reason.
Another civic lesson in what a corrupt, crooked ass goddamn society we live in.
Where we can't do anything right.
And especially, we're in the heart of it.
We're in the place where our specialty is we can't do anything right.
Dear Field, hello.
You know, I think it's 50-50 that she throws those votes out.
Well, I'm not bad. In fact, didn't Gorset say that you still think it's 50-50?
That's what he said.
But the reason why I called, I just listened to Bush on TV conducting an interview.
And listen to the time he says the word.
And he's between sentences.
He can't not carry a conversation without saying that word.
And I counted six times in that two-minute interview that you gave him.
And that's the man that's going to be sitting across the world leaders.
Oh, don't even say that.
I mean, this guy, he wouldn't know yesterday.
He asked your arrow for it if he irracted Schmatha around his head.
All right, Neil thinks.
Okay, good luck to us.
He's meeting with Condoleezza.
And she's showing him.
She's got that big globe of the world.
And she's showing him.
Here's Russia over here.
And here's Iraq.
Here's where daddy screwed up and left that bastard in over there.
And here's South America.
See, that's no Mexico because it's right on the Texas border.
And they keep sending all those illegal aliens by the millions pouring across the border.
And they keep having to take care of that.
So he knows all of the senti Fox.
He's as live as they've senti.
But other than that, he don't do too much.
He don't know Jean Critchand.
He wouldn't know a goddamn conuck if he was a hockey player.
He hasn't got any idea what that's all about.
So he's got to get some real good briefing.
I just like that great article I read yesterday.
Who wrote that article?
Which one was that?
That's this one.
Wait, I was one by Robert Sheer in the York Times.
Cheer up George.
W.W. winning is all bad.
About like how scared he is because now he's got to go in there and the...
And pretend he knows something.
Or maybe even pretend he's doing a little bit of work.
Which is definitely not his cup of tea.
He likes those long naps.
He likes the video games in the afternoon.
A lot of golf on the side.
A lot of ribbon cutting.
A little bit of ribbon cutting and that's about it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, God bless America.
Yes, sir.
That's America.
Hey, this is Gerald Richmond.
You figure out who he is yet?
What do you mean?
He's the guy that ran against the plane.
That's the moment we already had a call on it against the president there.
Sorry, I was in and out.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
Anyway, go ahead.
Let's have fun with this.
Thank you.
Okay.
Go ahead what?
You go, boys.
Oh, okay.
Good.
Okay, correct, correct.
It's all right.
It's all right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yes, she comes from the hockey team since right in front of me.
It's in your winces.
It's in your winces.
It's in your winces.
A little behind the job.
Okay, where we going?
Mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hey, I'm doing well.
Okay.
Hey, listen.
You guys keep praying there and keep hoping that a goal is going to win.
Ain't going to happen.
Yeah.
Keep rubbing it.
Yeah, keep rubbing it.
Okay, you keep rubbing it.
Okay, maybe something might happen, but in your case, I doubt it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
There's another rocket scientist for Bush right there.
You can hear it.
Oh, yeah.
You guys keep hoping to pray.
I'm not praying and I'm not hoping.
Whatever happens is going to happen.
Okay.
I mean, I'll hope in a little bit.
But whatever happens, the crap happens, man.
And I'm tickled at that.
You're so excited that you're the main one.
And you know something better you than me.
Better you're a man.
I wouldn't want nothing to do with that guy.
God, he's done more than some of our callers.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a...
I don't know where you get the Palm Beach Postion.
No, we do not.
Thank God.
That's a Cox newspaper rag.
Well, there's a good article in Newse day about a database technology firm in Vocal or Tone.
I just done a study that one quarter to 31 percent of the black man afford it cannot vote
because they have felony convictions.
Now, what I'd like to know is, why is it legal to run for office being a felon but not to vote?
Such as who we talking about.
Well, the one good one would know to be the Mayor of Washington, DC.
You can't think of anything.
Mary and Barry?
Right, that's right.
I mean, he was a felon.
He had he still could run for office.
Yeah, but that was an exception because Washington they got all those dark votes and they have to make an exception.
No, it's true.
If you're running in a district that there are a city or a wherever, stay where they got like over 90 percent black people.
It's okay.
I'm with that rag.
I wasn't aware of that.
I hear OJ is running.
Oh, good.
I'll go over there.
Right right to the Hertz counter.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Excellent point.
Palm Beach deputies speaking of that investigated for posing for pornographic photos on the web.
Boy!
And the Georgia was desperate to find the website but it's not in this article.
One former and two current deputies in the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office are under investigation for office.
Providing ethics rules by posting pictures and video on internet websites and having of them having sex with their wives and others and others.
According to sources closely investigation.
Other guys?
One of the websites having sex with their wives and others.
I was not sure if I thought it was women.
Well, I'm assuming their wives might be women.
I didn't read the whole article.
One of the websites the Sheriff's Office or Patrol Car was used in sexually explicit photograph involving a deputy and his wife.
An issue was whether the deputies violated the department's code of ethics requirements to keep their private lives unsullied as an example of the wall.
Penalties providing the world the Sheriff's Office range from suspension to termination.
How do you like that?
And also I forgot this one here.
Finally, I had that great article which I haven't obviously schmit can.
I wish I would have saved it about the Catholic Church.
It looked like they were going to finally say, okay, contraceptives are okay.
Condoms are all right because we've got all these diseases, AIDS and other stuff for a rampant now.
And they said, no.
We thought about it for two seconds.
It's not a good idea.
The Catholic Church said no.
And just coincidentally today's story, the Catholic Church has apologized to boys allegedly abused by a chaplain at the renowned London Oratory School.
The oral school.
Father Kieran Conry told Sky News, the Church was sorry for what had happened.
It would cooperate fully with the police investigation.
I would be happy to apologize to the victims if there were victims and I believe there were.
Said Father Conry, how do you like that?
People of fact in the Church.
Police and child protection teams launched the investigation following allegations.
Father David Martin, a former chaplain in Governor of the school, had abused at least two pupils.
He died two years ago from a suspected age-related condition.
How do you like that?
People of fact in the Church.
Just to lay this to the long line of schoolers rumors about the Catholic Church.
And you folks, you keep subsidizing it. It'll make you very happy.
26 past 11 at 560 WQN.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio.
560s.
QA.
Hey, asshole.
There's no need to fear.
The undervotes are here.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to have to go to the police.
I'm going to be in prison.
You were 없어요.
You're there is a nonprofit institute.
One of the most merciless important places in my life is
whole area mar Employment Prosecutors that lives the most
rang rupees or things that work so seriously.
Let theT rented Zulu in one
people, please play.
Just go to the motions of life.
And of course what a surprising
is what have the time to check on show up. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello,
Neil. Yes, ma'am. I would just like to say head-faw to Nikki Clark and that everything
that is going on today is a test of our democracy and let me tell you one more thing. If we keep
around. I had to play something patriotic sounding after that very impassioned speech. Wow.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 0 5 6 8 the elections are fixed. Don't you understand, lady? It's fixed. This
is a club goddamn country. Corruption runs rampant in this country. That's why the stock market
likes it so good when the right wingers go in here because they got them in their pocket. Just
like Don Corleone had the judges in his pocket. They got all the Republican politicians in their
pocket and most of the Democrats too. Like I said, all of them. It's just a question they got
some of them in which pocket they got them in and which companies you're talking about.
What if it looks like this thing's going to get thrown out in the Seminole County and these
other maps and people out because that's going to be it. They're not going to do that recount.
I really doubt that. I'd start buying Philip Morris. Wouldn't you, wouldn't that be a good stock to buy?
Tobacco companies are going to be going through the roof. Going through the roof. In fact,
there are going to be people who have people with lung cancer who don't smoke and don't even
get second hand smoke just by osmosis. That's how big Philip Morris is going to get again.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello? Oh, a meal. Yes, ma'am. About girls. You must take that
out. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that.
He speaks like some people have bar movements. Perspective on this and say, no way him been it.
We're not going to look at those ballots. Somebody is reporters or his story.
Why? I just can't. The way he speaks makes me just nervous. It makes my grudges start boiling over again. I start like welding and puking my guts. I can't deal with it. Get him off of there.
Go ask Connictions. Do you want to get off the year Bob? 5667-0560, £560 on the AT&T.
You can tell how excited the testimony is in the trial when she and the stick and bob would run again in between the testimony which is actually going on right now.
You can tell how boring it is that they got to put him on.
Another dick in the White House? 17 to 19 at 560Q. I was just telling Georgia I've been sitting in this chair.
Remember this was when they relaxed your crack store?
I've been sitting in this thing for three years, both down on the second floor. Now that we're up here on the third floor. By the way, have they finished the...
No. But anyway...
Isn't that embarrassing? Do you realize the year is almost over? Another year goes by in the calendar.
Everybody is still down in their temporary little rooms. There are... Pube, by the way, speaking on the second floor, yes.
Tempers were fraying about the arrangement down there a year ago.
The close quarters, the temporary facility, everybody piled up under the body. They're coming apart.
Really? Coming on glue, huh?
Yeah, but they're supposed to be up here on the third floor. Now I'm trying to think this coming March will be two years that we've been up here on this floor. I'm pretty sure.
Yeah.
And when we first came up here two years ago March, that was when all those construction was supposed to get done here.
And of course the story always as well. They can't get the permits finished, they're the finalized. Do you really believe that?
No, I don't believe it. Because there's still stuff hanging from the ceiling out there in the lobby.
You can go on vacation here just like I did in the summer. I go away for two and a half months. I come back to work. Has anything changed?
No.
And they got one inch further along in this project? No.
No.
But anyway, so I got this chair from our friend that they relaxed your crack store three years ago.
And I've been sitting on it and it's fine chair in its own way. But and you can raise the height and lower it.
And then I'm trying to figure why is the back so good and stiff? Why am I so stiff and my back too?
And then I look down here and there's they're even labeled on there to show how stupid I am.
Once his height adjustment and the other one says tilted. When it's out, tilt it out.
I go and press the thing. I lean back and it's a my higher baby. Yeah.
Now it's almost comfortable now that I got girded and I BS and my kiscus are pressing each other because I've been sitting uncomfortable for three years.
Sounds like a good lawsuit to me.
Greg, it's a lawsuit!
15-to-0 is 5.60Q and the testimony goes on and believe me. You can tell you don't even have to listen to this guy.
You can tell this by looking at this mugwump how boring he is watching.
See? mugwump. Did you hear that? 15.
15.
mugwump.
5.6705.60.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Here's the mobile and water deal by the sea. Hello?
Hey Neil, are you there?
Yes sir, I'm right here. How are you doing today, bro?
I'm doing pretty good now that my seat is straightened up.
Wow, this car's a solutions diet that you're on right now. It's like a meal replacement.
It says right on the thing here, it says use this product as a food supplement not a meal replacement.
Of course I don't pay attention to that. I'm doing it on my own.
It's got plenty of protein, plenty of fat, just a little tiny amount of carbs. It's right up my alley.
Really? I have to wash my face with it.
Not just with the nail.
Look a little in your neck, though.
Exactly.
I think the words are real good.
I went out to vacation in San Francisco. I got back.
All I did out there was ask me why we can't count votes.
It's like an embarrassment.
Nobody understands. I said, all we're doing is dealing with the antiques that we work with here.
And blah, blah, blah. But then let me just put it here in a nutshell.
And we spoke about this before. I think the big problem here was,
the guy with the word he comes from is this Jewel Lieberman wanting to censor everything.
I think it was a major problem.
Yeah, you know as well as I do that he certainly would have changed more than just 537 and 930 votes.
You know that there's several thousand anti-Semites who voted against them.
And of course he could have been Jewish but a lot less ostentation about it.
And if they were the day to think of a deal.
Right point.
If it would have just been your ordinary pedestrian garden variety Jew,
it might have been okay. It might have kind of skated by those virulent red necks.
But the fact that he may have such a big deal,
so much of a big deal that even the ADL-Sentiment skating later and said,
quit wearing it on your sleeve and being such an asshole.
But he killed it. He killed any chance.
Well, he's the only one that's looking out for himself.
He's still got a job.
Absolutely correct. That is correct.
You know, hey, where can I pick up this car solution stuff?
Publix.
For all the stuff, is that it would be advertising on your radio?
Listen, not only aren't they advertising on a radio,
I can't even get ourselves people to bring me any stuff in here.
That's funny. Hey, hang in there. You're a good trooper.
Yes, I am. Good luck to you, sir.
And when I put you over, I hope you say the same thing.
What? I hope he says, when I pull him over for going like two miles over the limit,
you're a good trooper.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the...
Yeah, we ought to make a citizen's arrest in our sales department.
Yeah.
Bastards.
Like I told you before the show,
and this is the honest of God truth,
when we need something, when you need something,
when I need something, forget about it.
They can't do squat.
But when it's something that either is going to make us stick to our stomach,
which I don't want to mention anything specifically,
or make me scrap my brains out,
then the guys are just coming in here with arm loads,
crap loads of stuff,
and I keep screaming,
get that stuff out of here.
Get it out of here.
It's killing me.
It's making me sick.
And I will guarantee you, dimes to donuts,
that that's a lot of that stuff.
I don't want to mention Peter Leonard,
by the name that he brought in here,
is what precipitated the...
I never...
I had IBS, okay?
We know that.
But the gird, this stuff up in here,
I never had that.
I never had anything like that.
And all of a sudden, I'm like...
The world is coming to an end, like I'm having a fart attack.
Like my heart was ready to pop out of my chest.
It's not even my heart.
It's down in my kikis in here, yeah.
Because he keeps giving me direct, the direct peddlers.
But you find something good.
And this part, I'm telling you, it's good stuff.
It's good stuff.
And if you would have gotten me the blender,
I'd ask you to give me a stay,
which I even give you the money for.
Yeah, I'm giving you the check back.
Get it tomorrow.
I mean, you know, I'll come in here expecting
I'm bringing my big can in here in the S-carb solutions too.
My fat can.
Said to George yesterday in a way out again.
The $20 bill, get a blender.
Stop it, Walgreens, get them.
I couldn't have done it myself, but I figured my Georgia would do it, okay?
And I knew I had to go there for some reason.
Yeah.
Well, if you just...
I'll go right now.
If you just would have walked into the store and looked around.
He's like, oh, look at that.
There's some blenders over there.
It's still like about 15 bucks, I think, for cheap.
When it's all I need, I got my powder here.
I got my mountain valley bottle water and my sole over here.
I got water up the old ad.
Correct it.
I got so much water.
I'll be right back.
I'm gonna go get it.
Yeah, go get it.
They won't give a crap.
If there was a way for me to remote this spot from in here,
where would you go ahead and do that?
Who cares?
Nobody cares.
Blender and some sweet and low or splenda.
That's all I need.
I noticed that sucralose is the ingredient in this carb solution and all that stuff.
And I looked on my diet soda bottle and sure enough, sucralose,
and they got in parentheses, splenda.
And splenda is good for you, as opposed to a lot of other forms of sugars.
And it won't make your blood sugar go skyrocketing.
And it won't make your fat and it won't do all those things.
And it won't make you do that either.
Which most of these low carb.
See, that's the thing.
The low carb products, 99% of them,
if you have any kind of sensitivity in your system.
What is it, maltatol and sorbitol?
All of those things.
You'll be trapped in your brains out.
So maybe that's the idea of how that died worse.
You don't have time to eat because you're close to that room all the time.
Unless you're one of those people who eats on the throne.
Now you give me a look like that.
I think you'd find, if people were honest, that there are people out there who eat on the throne.
Very good.
That people must be.
But I mean, you're the one that's talking about wiping from the rear to the front,
which I, the more I think about that, how did I ever get sucked into that?
That was the most, that is the most gross disgusting thing you could do in your own.
You picked me at a time when I had the cast on my hand and I had the two cracked ribs
and I was disabled.
And like, you know, it was an easy time to sucker me into something and say,
oh yeah, that's a great idea.
Okay.
That's not a great idea.
It's gross.
It's disgusting.
You're doing it wrong.
No, I'm not.
Wiping anything from back there toward your jewels is so, I mean,
it's just so, the concept of it is so nauseating.
I got lots of room.
I don't know about you.
Well, you see, but you're not big and fat like I am.
You don't have lots of them.
Plus, you have little tiny babies.
I got big balls, baby.
They pull right out of the way.
Tiny penis, but humongous balls like an elephant to make up for it.
Anyway, what the hell are we talking about?
Here's Marco Island.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm Neil.
It's a pleasure to finally talk to you.
Yes, it is.
Very good.
I got to thank you and suck around a little bit.
Part of his voter turnout, I really feel, is this your responsibility,
whether you want to take it or not.
I am a gore supporter.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart for bringing so many of the voters out.
Right.
I know we got a lot of people.
I could.
And you know something, I actually crossed my mind one 3D moment last week,
not that I have a giant ego because I don't.
But when I sat here, you know, in the days before election day,
there was many weeks and then on election day, and I'd be seats people,
I said, you know, daydried and pombi, too, especially,
but the state of Florida going to the side of this election.
A lot of people probably thought I was whistling out my ass.
No.
But the fact of the matter is, I was right.
You're going right, Neil.
And you did it.
You did it for so many other things down here.
It's great.
Unfortunately, I'm stuck on the board.
On the marching dimes.
Just a joke.
Yeah.
Let me ask you, George, will we accept an award from the marching dimes?
No.
No, would we go there?
No, we never do.
See, we don't submit any stuff because we don't need to be very careful.
But no, we expect it my close best friend, Hank.
I just, you know, it's not personal, Hank, but come on.
Get serious.
Mark your time.
George, you've got a great job when you're not there.
You know, I got to tell you.
Don't get carried away.
It's his birthday.
You know, he's a bad chick, so let's not get too carried away.
They stole it fair and square they did.
Right.
Rotten.
Little survive, pal.
Well, this witness just wait and I tell you the other day, the audience, I was on this
little, I was capri island down here.
Somebody asked me to change my channel.
I was listening to you.
And I wound up leaving the property instead because I tell you what.
What was it, some old fart?
Well, down here, I'm stuck in an area where I don't know who to call young anymore.
Yeah, over the age of 100.
Okay, what's up?
40 is 45 young down here?
Tell him to blow it out their ass.
You got it, dude.
Okay, good luck, you've got blessed.
God bless America and God bless us.
Like little tiny Tim said.
Like the contest of the election that we saw in Palm Beach County and Miami Dead County.
I like her.
She don't have any idea what she's talking about because she's burger.
What's her name?
Kagan, what's her first name?
Huh?
And one thing I've discovered is that other than when something like this is going on, nobody
walks his CNN in the way of these other channels, I mean nobody.
Nobody.
And they never walked MSNBC when this stuff isn't going on because they're afraid they might see
I'm a get really depressed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I guess he's proof that there is life after death.
I'm a song because he's been dead for 10 years and he still keeps propping him up in that
chair like the guy whose wife keeps coming to take the check.
Have you still seen those spots?
Those Conceco spots where she comes and takes the check and she's got the arousment
popped up in the chair and he's been dead?
No.
Oh, great spots.
You must have seen the one where they keep shaking.
The old people are sitting on the couch and the old lady and the husband keeps shaking.
It was nice to see them in the other channels and they're feeding the change.
That's the same company.
Great spots.
I have no idea how good their insurance is.
I was sure I had medical insurance.
I mentioned that on the year like a month and a half to a month ago.
Did they do any good?
No.
I've got to get some medical insurance.
It's killing me with all these damn pills, all this medication which my doctor is obsessed with pills.
And then those goddamn strips, you know, look at all the little pricks on my fingertips.
What?
You have to keep taking your blood sugar several times.
I have to get it when you're dying back.
I've had, God, I doubt there's anybody alive who's had more pricks on their edge of their fingertips than I have.
Huh?
No question.
Yeah.
5670560, pound 566 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
In fact, I'm coming out with a Stevie Wonder song or reissue.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Gone.
Okay.
Some of you are less prick in Miami.
We don't care.
We're having a good time getting tired of these old people.
5670560, pound 566.
It's going to take a lot of work.
It's going to take us months to get a real audience back.
I tell you that.
I was this election thing.
All we got are the old, old, old, old crusty farts who are all obsessed with this crap.
And only the, only the, uh, a gold crusty farts.
The most people they're listening to, fat ass.
So that's all we got left.
212 votes on our website.
And we asked today, after this close election, do more of you wish you had voted?
17 said no, I still wouldn't vote out of 212.
That's 8%.
22 said yes, I didn't vote, but I sure was your hand.
10%.
81.6% said don't blame me.
I voted.
That's what I put down.
Because guess what?
Don't blame me.
I voted.
173.
That's 82% out of 212.
Which proves we got either a very smart audience.
We got a bringing audience.
Very, uh, civic minded people who want to do their duty.
No.
Yeah, we do.
Come on.
Or it's just that most of the people are listening to the ones who voted.
And the rest of the people that want to hear this crap, which I could certainly understand that.
Because it's getting really, really ponderous.
I mean, we got more goddamn trials going on and more lawsuits and more crap.
Jesus Christ.
Just one way they have to get it over with already.
Unlike the OJ thing which had drama and excitement.
And like I told you earlier this morning, the DNA thing was, that part of it was pretty boring and ponderous.
But the rest of it was riveting.
But this thing just with all the legal leaves and all these them talking here.
It's, it's, it's getting over with already.
One way or the other.
Hey, the wonderful staff over at Drought Concepts, we like to remind everyone.
Oh, look at that.
The factors are still coming out the bottom of the machine.
What are we going to do about that?
Huh?
I'll do it with it some more.
Yeah, go get it with it.
420-560-W-Q-A-M-I-A-M-E-Port Lauderdale.
A feasely brought in group stage M-W-Q-A-M.
And that too sets a limit.
Iraqi language lesson number one, let us begin.
Team Zabedab, Hohok Nebzaktakolib.
There's a camel sniffing your sister.
Tikka-korn-rikka, Brim on Pizpiz, Frida Tikka.
If my camel had a face like yours, I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backward.
Brim on Pizpiz, Frida Tikka, Brim on Pizpiz, Frida Tikka.
Brim on Pizpiz, Frida Tikka, Brim on Pizpiz, Frida Tikka.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
The first one is the first one.
And that embarrassing.
I mean, we got two embarrassing teams, but nevertheless,
5,500 empty seats.
Let's not do it.
Let's have a few people show up on an Albi there with Belzakta.
And Eddie K. after the Hunky Game.
And I'll say it again, if the Panthers don't beat the Islanders tonight,
which I'm pretty sure we will.
But if they don't, it could be a bad, bad omen for the Murray Boys.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, every time I see a Lieberman talk on TV,
he looks like he just had a bearing in an animal.
Uh-huh.
I mean, well, maybe he did.
And I'll show you.
Maybe he's got a gird.
Yeah.
At least he's got a cent of seat back, right?
Maybe he's got a gird from too much of that deli.
It'll kill you, man.
Yeah, you watch out for that pastrami.
And he's got it back in his seat, too.
Speaking of seats, this chair is just, uh,
why is it taking the oldest time to realize how uncomfortable this thing is?
It's killing me.
I've been dealing with it all during the break here, and the chair, too.
And it's just that you can't get it in the right position.
And the chair.
You just can't, uh, it sucks.
Well, try this one out.
No, I'm just telling you.
This is, no, this is another acceptable chair.
We'll have to work on that.
In fact, you know, sometimes I was going to see if we'll get our own chair.
We did get our own chair.
We did have to relax your crack store about these in.
Because they wanted to sit on these little place.
This place, man.
I'm going to tell you something.
Remember, you know, I thought I was exaggerating.
When we first came up here on the third floor, almost two years ago,
and bluff was sitting here right next door in that little tiny office
that that little tiny may believe he didn't even have a desk at that time.
Didn't have a real desk.
He had, like, like, like, a plate.
One of they call those things, like a high chair, with a, uh,
what do they call those little things?
Like, like, like, this thing kind of, like a little, uh,
car, like a microwave cart.
Yeah, like, like, like, exactly, like a freaking microwave cart
with a high chair sitting at it.
A cart.
And then he was this big office across the hall that Sam,
Sam, the long departed, dear, departed Sam,
with his incestuous relationship with Greg Reed.
That was supposed to be the promotions office, and we were told,
I kept saying, how come the PD sitting in a broom closet?
No, no.
And the promotions guys got that big office.
Oh, no, that's going to be a production studio.
Yeah.
Is it a production studio?
Oh, no, not that I had a big grudge Miguel,
because he can have whatever he wants, believe me.
But I don't begrudge him.
But that was because it was Sam.
Do you see the own air light on the outside of that?
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
I see air.
And here we got bluffing.
And then after we called Joe Rosoli in Roth Office apply,
and threatened that was going to buy a desk
because this place was too goddamn cheap to ride by,
our program director, a real desk, then they finally bought him
this protocol board piece of crap that's in there,
which is supposed to be a desk.
And that's the kind of facilities that they provide,
because they're the cheapest goddamn bastards on the face of the earth,
this beastly company in Greg Freak and Reed.
And you know something I'm going to have to bite my tongue about, Greg Reed?
Yeah, till it bleeds.
Because I got stories I could tell you that would make even the strongest stomachs out there,
puke your guts out about what a cheap prick this guy is.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody want the rights to the Marlins?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile and pepper pine.
Hello?
Yeah.
Here's a preview of things to come from King George.
He gets on TV last time with the interview that he did.
You guys chronic it.
Yeah, guy asked it.
Chronic.
Fine, so I'm just done in the mood for Chronic.
I've got a little energy back because I've lost 4 pounds in two days.
I can actually feel like I can feel the skin on my arms now.
You're like getting this little circulation back.
I don't want to hear the same boring turdburgers over and over again.
Let's get some different people on here, okay?
Let's get some living and breathing people, even if they're not listening anymore.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
See, I don't know what makes some of you people think that you're interesting,
because you're not.
Like that guy.
You hear voices like that in your sleep.
The same people always with that same tone in their voice,
that same like giving the world a little bit of a lecture.
Just give it a rest, okay?
Go take your own burry, a minimum, and relax.
Here's the mobile and Delray B.
Hello.
You know, just a quick question in public.
Where do you get that?
The contribution.
Inside the store, sir, where they have all the good slim fast and all that crap.
And don't buy the slim fast.
It's loaded with carbohydrates, it's loaded with sugar.
It's caught solution, right?
That's what I just said.
Yeah, thank you very much.
Okay, and don't call us again.
Carb solutions.
And I'm not suggesting that you do what I'm doing,
because your doctor would tell you don't do it.
And my mother will tell me that tomorrow when I go from one of them real meal in the week.
All right, so dangerous now.
Mind your own business, okay?
Just mind your own frickin' business, and squit spend outside the door when I'm taking a big crap.
Yeah.
God.
You know, since you are, oh, they're gonna end up still coming out the bottom.
Fact machines messed up.
It said, a friend of mine attended the awards yesterday.
He said, Hank was crying when he received his award.
And what the hell was Steve Cain doing there?
Steve Cain was there yesterday.
Oh, God.
Oh.
You have to be putting that into my chain.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just,
no, you're probably not.
Oh.
I'm not saying a word.
Because I don't be grudge, Hank, anything.
I mean, you know, he ought to get a real award from a real organization.
That will be fine.
But I mean, the march of dimes in these bogus radio of things, and we, just like what's the women broadcasting?
Is that the other organization we have here that's always given awards to people like Sandy Peyton
and all the other boring, terminal people in the world?
This town.
Here's a call from Tampa, a real exciting place.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
He's the best thing about the Yakon's death.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Miami lake. Hello?
I am a...
Here's Miami. Hello, it's Woody.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Look, this election has caused too much to this event.
Too much what?
Administration. Too much what?
The VISTA.
The VISTA VISTA.
Oh. Yeah. And they've also been the VISTA.
The Bush administration in the interest of closure
and getting on with the important business of this country.
Should feel or have to destroy the so-called ballots,
as there's no point and no fair way of dealing with them.
They would only cause more confusion and aggravation to the general public.
Yeah.
Well, they're burning them right now, so don't worry about it.
They're working on it right now. They learned from Nixon.
If they would just erase those goddamn tapes, right?
Oh. And a boy, Dick.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Another Dick in the White House?
Nine minutes after noon at 560 QL.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio 560s, QA-HAM.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
96 on Channel 22, Washington correspondent David Bain
discusses the attempt by Vice President Al Gore
to halt the continued counting of McDonald's Ambritors.
Guards attorney, fear the simple statement,
billions and billions, sir, is misleading.
And states of the restaurant wants to show accurate numbers.
That's fine.
But to say a billion here or a billion there is confusing.
The Vice President wants to have the number of burgers recounted from 1987,
the year the company stopped its official count.
This plus sports and weather tonight at 6.
Okay, 12, 12 at 560 WQM.
The gel is on a way to give me my blender.
Now we need some sweet and lower splenda.
Rhymes with Blenda.
Huh? I guess we don't have any.
This place is just...
I don't want to go on because I don't want to get myself depressed.
I feel great. I'm in a really good mood.
I don't want to start talking about this place.
Just ignore it. Just take the check every 15 days, whatever it is.
And go have a good time.
And I do.
Here's the lady in the gables. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
It's me. I'm okay.
The Cuban women classifies to do our Cajulio also.
The what?
A Julio.
Julio.
Okay.
I was watching Larry King last night for a little while before I went to sleep.
And they were talking about both of the cases, the one in Martin County and the one in...
Seminole.
Seminole.
And then this one in Bay County that I didn't even know about.
I didn't need it.
I didn't even touch on that one last night.
That thing is on Friday, the hearing.
But what they were saying mostly is the one in Martin County is probably going to be...
And then, though it's not talked about a lot, it's probably going to be a lot more critical due to the fact that they allowed the workers to take the...
All of the...
That was out of the precinct.
Highly illegal.
Highly illegal.
So let's assume worst case scenario that we lose the one in Seminole because they can't prove fraud, basically.
Even though you and I both know that there is.
But at least for the one in Seminole.
Seminole.
So let's not lose hope just in case the one in Martin...
Seminole County doesn't go...
Doesn't go in on our favor that we still have one.
Well there's three different ones.
I mean, Bay County, there's 13,000.
There's 10,000 in Martin County and you got another 15,000 in Seminole County.
You got 38,000 total absentee ballots you're in question.
But let me ask you something.
The one in Bay County.
Did they also bring people into the precinct or were they allowed to take those ballots out?
No, no.
This one is about...
It says that the letter from Jeb Bush encouraging Republicans to cast mail-in ballots from the company or your own home
gave orders the impression that prompting was an official state document and that gave illegal advice.
Remember the letters you sent out on state letterhead, Jeb?
Yes, I have...
I got like six of them because I'm really a registered Republican devotee Democrat.
And remember that I must have received at least six requests for absentee ballots, which I didn't request by the way.
Now were these on Jeb Bush's letterhead?
You bet.
How do you like that?
You bet.
I've been registered Republican and I have never changed it.
I mean, I haven't voted Republican and I don't know, maybe 15, 20 years.
But I just never changed it because I figure I'd go wherever I want.
Yeah, well that trial starts Friday.
So we got trials every day.
Okay, well I heard that.
I'm going to put Judge Judy right out of business.
Well, you have a great day.
And you too.
Yeah, Judge Judy and of course we got the 45 other judges now.
Not even can touch Wapner.
That's what Raymond said.
None of them can even come close to Wapner.
Five, six, that wouldn't be great.
They're going to run out of judges' piece.
You don't have to call Wapner out of retirement.
Yeah, get him up there and judge Edel again.
And his debatable wife.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Just remember this is all very important stuff.
You bet in mind, you people that are poop-pooing all of us, that are poop-pooing all over the place.
This is important stuff.
Yeah.
How's the market doing?
Not too good.
Dow is down 132.
See this happens every stinking time.
That's why it's a joke.
See the way I would like it to go after all these months since March of everything.
Like that, especially the NASDAQ.
Let's have a few days.
Everybody, you know, I'll go, no, is that going to happen?
Can we keep it up?
No.
NASDAQ's down 30 and the Dow is down 131.
So by four o'clock we can give back a real good chunk if not all of what we gained yesterday.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
I'm a Jewish opportunist former Republican attorney.
And you might want to have the Deutsche Land Ubra Alice music ready for this one.
Yeah.
Did you read Monday's New York Times, the editorial section?
About what?
You were talking about Palm Delay yesterday.
Yeah, I was on the ear.
Yeah.
He and, uh, it was an article in the editorial on Monday.
He and Judge Forbes, they're, uh, 24.
They want to start pushing a constitutional amendment to allow the Congress by majority votes to overturn any, uh, state or, uh, Supreme Court or federal Supreme Court decision.
Yeah, I read that 90 more weeks by time I was on the ear because obviously it's highly unconstitutional.
It will never going to happen.
I know, but these are the kind of people that are coming in with the Jebster.
That's why I made sooner before the Republican.
Uh-huh.
I just saw that in the term, I saw the can try to out.
Okay.
It's glad to have you back.
And, uh, good day.
Hi, Hitler.
56670560, pound 560.
Highland, if you're, you know, those of you who've got like bad, brositis in your arm, this would be good because you give your arm a lot more exercise, you know, doing it.
And also for your legs doing a goose step is good.
Goose step and long get that arm up like kind of 45 to reangle a little tilt.
I wouldn't be surprised if we started eating a lot more Argentinian beef pretty soon.
Uh-huh.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
As a Democrat from California, we wanted to thank all those, uh, screaming, um, cash throw people for screwing this whole country up.
I guess they're used to living in crap and now we're stuck with that because of a little kid that deserved to go back to Cuba.
And, um, us in California, we think it's a big joke that we have to deal with, something like that.
And it's a big joke for these guys, there's Cubans, uh,
How about all the other people who didn't know how to vote to residual in the Cubans?
I mean, if you're from California, go back where you came from, okay?
We got enough already in Zolvo.
Do you want to keep rehashing the Cuban crap? I'm not interested.
I'm sick of it.
The Cuban Zolvo did Republican, those votes counted.
Yeah, that's right.
They figured it out.
How do you know that?
How do we know how many of their votes didn't count?
Well, that'd be something like that.
We might have found that 9,000 other ballots in the county, like 7,500 of them were for Bush because they were all like from little Havana.
And some of the people might even have been alive.
5,6,7,0,5,60.
Yeah, that was a great thing.
I forget one of the talking heads on this morning.
Oh, it was, uh, Mark Potter.
She was going on a great length on CNN.
Miss Potter.
About how, oh yeah, well, the question is, and it wasn't a question of, uh, a voter fraud.
And it wasn't a question of, uh, even dead people voting.
And I thought to myself, yeah.
So it must not have been in the county that we're talking about the Seminole, uh, absentee ballots.
Not even a question of dead people voting.
Well, that's a breath of fresh air.
That's great.
At least we're kind of like spreading it around a little bit.
Here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a hockey question for you.
Uh-huh.
Uh, it's on the paper today.
Uh, Paul Coffee was weighed by the brewer.
Good.
Bye-bye.
He's finished.
He's dead meat.
Oh, you don't think he could, uh, pull strip the beer?
Absolutely not.
He's 150 years old.
No way.
He's been hanging on by his fingernails for two years.
We already got, we already got Igor Larry on off.
We don't eat anymore.
Sir, let me say it again.
The answer is no.
The answer is no.
The answer is no.
No, no.
Do you understand?
Oh, oh, good.
He finally got it.
We don't eat anymore old hacks who are finished.
We already got a young finish guy and he can't play with a crap either.
Right, Oli?
Is that right?
Uh-huh.
He's just a yolk.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT.
I mean, what do you call up or talk, Joel?
And ask a question.
And I give you my answer and then you want to like, yeah, you're not happy with it.
The answer is no.
No.
Oh, we don't want Paul Coffee.
No.
And hold the Korean, okay?
Too bad you didn't tell him a girl about getting Maya sweet and low.
Speak.
Okay, where we going?
Here's a mobile at Homestead.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask you a hockey question.
The previous color coffee is definitely washed out.
But I'm a penguin fan.
I wanted to know what you thought about Yager.
What do I think about him?
I mean, you think he's a little bit of a one-day person.
Yeah, of course he's always that way.
He's not going to change.
You know, it's the coach of the year club.
He won't whoever can get fired this year.
He never gets along with a coach and he wants to get the coach fired.
But I'm going to tell you, I watched the entire penguin out of a game last night.
And even though they got out, I played badly in the first period.
Yager made one move.
I'm telling you, he got stopped by Lil'in, but he made a move that was phenomenal.
He's an excellent player.
He's spectacular, but he's a pain in the ass, but that's the way it goes, you know?
Oh, well, I just thought I'd call him.
I know he learned all that from Mario.
Mario was great, but he was the one or two.
Well, you can't have everything.
You know, if you're going to have great players, you're going to have Prima Donas.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Have a great day, sir.
That's what I tell him here, you know.
You want to go out and just be a yes-man, go along with everybody, and not going to get it from me.
Yes.
No.
5667-0560, pound 560.
Of course, here we have legitimate claims about management because there are a bunch of assholes
and incompetence and cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
Nickel and endiaming these poor bastards to death, and then running around like a bunch of big shots
like they'd be doing what the hell they're doing, give me a break.
And how's that stock doing?
That beastly stock.
Let's take a look.
Let me take a puket that, huh?
8 and 15 and 16.
It's hovering right in there just a little bit less than the 8 and 15 and 16.
About half of what these poor suckers got sucked into buying it at.
And didn't I tell them back when I was away and I came back and it had gotten up to 15 plus
and they could have gotten their money back.
Didn't I tell them even though I know nothing about stocks too, that was the time to bail out?
Did they bail out?
No.
Because they really believe that this thing was going somewhere, just like that Xerox crap.
Anybody want to buy some Xerox stock real cheap?
No.
Wow.
God.
I can't even imagine what the hell.
You know something Eric puts it on here every day.
So I can tell you.
Xerox 4 and 5-8.
Oh, God.
Citrix, it's sitting there at 28 down one to the day.
But maybe there's some hope there.
What's VZ?
Is that one of yours?
VZ.
Verizon?
No, no.
No, you wouldn't have any of that.
I thought it'd be a big loss to that much.
Why has he got those stocks on there?
I don't have no Verizon.
Maybe he does.
58 and 11 and 16.
TWC-X.
What kind of a symbol is that?
39 and 44 and B-E-Q-G-X.
Look at this.
He's got some stocks in here that are off.
The only ones that are off are the three out of bottom must be the ones he's got.
Talk about how to talk on Eric for some goddamn stock advice and say that Boso Mitchersh.
Oh, there's a guy.
Let me give you some good advice, folks.
Stay away.
Stay out of the bushes and stay away from Mitchersh.
Oh, yeah, that Echo Star.
That's going to be a $200 stock.
Right.
That's going to be $200 stock, my ass.
You got the decimal at the wrong point.
The decimal belongs after the two and between the zeros, Mitch.
Found a 25 today and dropping like a rock.
See, again, this is a little bit of a twist on what I said before about being wrong and loud.
There's nothing like being wrong and stubborn.
And that's Mitchersh.
Wrong and stubbornly wrong.
Hanging on for dear life, desperately, clinging to these dinosaur pieces of crap, to these flashes in the pan.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Am I a dead-ass-sister?
I got news for you.
Brett, is Mr. Goodscore in this room?
Anytime you want it, okay, sir?
I'd be glad to give him an assist.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And now, all of a sudden, we got an Islander fan.
Well, what a joke that is.
This is a team on their good days.
They draw like about 3,000 people.
If they count the concessions, people.
And we got an Islander fan down here.
Hello, you can.
Of course, I realized it's a small market.
They only got about 20 million people to draw from.
Here's a mobile and a gable.
Hello.
Mobile and the gables.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm not a mobile, but...
Here's a stationary and a gable.
Okay.
Neil, I was listening to you yesterday.
I agree with what you said with regard to how you feel about both parties.
Never have every public in.
And I think also, I agree with you that the last thing we won,
is that the fascist taking over here.
And I think a lot of people agree that the fascists are stealing the election.
Okay?
And most likely, we're going to lose Democrats.
You're going to get the shaft.
And we're all sitting around accepting it.
And I just want to say that I would wish that people like yourself
who have a voice and power that's heard,
you know, your voice and opinion is heard,
and I think respected by white tons of people,
that I feel the same way, by the way.
I think that there should be some kind of an organizational effort here.
And organization?
Yeah, an organized effort.
That's spearheaded by people like yourself and other people who have programs
or a lot of other intelligent people beside yourself,
out there who have talks, patients who agree with what you say.
It's the way you say, obviously, all good.
When I say about one, like I'm going to change the system,
I'm sitting here on a radio,
I have to communicate in a by one freaking phone call,
and I'm sitting here on this make-believe radio station,
and I'm going to change the system.
Well, you must really need some help.
I said, yeah, you're dreaming.
No, I'm not dreaming.
I'm saying that this is not about Florida only.
Obviously, Al Gore and Lieberman run the popular vote.
That means there are 50 million people that are getting screwed in this election.
No, there's 100 million people.
There's 270 million people getting screwed in the auction.
That's all the American people because they both suck.
How many voted that?
I'm just saying, out of the 50 million people who voted democratically here.
No, let's talk a lot about that.
What is it that you would like me to do, sir?
What can I do for you?
I would think that I would hope that there would be some kind of effort
that everybody who feels that they're getting screwed by this election.
And if it were no more, what would you like me to do?
I think, tell me, like what's his name said?
El Martino and the Godfather.
What can I do?
What can I do?
I said, they're going to slap me in the face.
There should be some kind of effort by people like yourself.
To do what?
To have talk stations, to organize some kind of a showing.
They have million man marches and watch them.
Yeah, they're out of here.
Crazy person.
I almost start calling you.
Yeah, well, that George, who's the best?
I don't even sell one goddamn best in ELCD here for a lot of money.
And this guy, I'm going to sit here doing a talk show and I may believe radio station
where they think that ball games are what life is all about.
I'm going to organize a million, we can organize a million ant march.
Okay?
Forget about the uncles.
Sure, I, you know, with all due respect, I know your hearts in the right place,
but I think you're just a little bit naive.
You know what I'm saying here?
Just a little bit.
Yeah.
27 past noon at 560 WQA.
You can kiss my rear end.
The leading just one radish give you enough gas to choose a star's single banner.
Well, anything can talk about cause you're lower, GI, to erupt.
Like not the seriousest of the last days of Pompeii.
When you use the executive washroom, do your fellow employees call the county
to have a hazmat tan clean up the toxic waste?
If you answered yes to any of these questions, you have IVS.
And we want to talk to you.
Well, not me personally, but the brave people at the irritable bowel syndrome laboratories
want to talk to you about volunteering for an IVS study.
I suffer from irritable bowel syndrome myself.
You're edible.
Sure they're downright pissed.
Oh man, I cannot choose first.
Uh, call 1-800-smelly and tell the operator you want to be part of this study.
Boy, it is bad in here.
It has bad in here.
All right, 1232 at 560 WQM.
There's Miguel with his bag in the sack.
What kind is it?
Is it like a, um, what is it?
It was the only one they had.
It was more expensive than that.
How much was it?
I gave him an extra 20 and I got two bucks back for something.
It was like 38 bucks?
Well, you don't have to pay for it.
Oh wait, no.
How much was it, Miguel?
I'm not having nobody else buy me a blender.
I want to pay for it.
Oh, 18 dollars.
No, you're right.
I said I got two bucks back.
I could have bought some sweet and low for that.
560-560 power some Splenda, which is a lot better for you.
Keep bastards in this place.
Here's a mobile in, uh, I'm on the wrong line.
Lady in Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Yes, Miguel.
I just wanted to say that George W.
He tipped his hand on, um, election night.
And if there any, um, you know, thing like this,
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know you know, you know you know, you know, you know你哲學家害怕會你了我哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲學生哲
uh... yes i'm just i would just wanted to say that
judge w tiptooth hand
uh... election night
and there any wonder why the hankie pankey is going on
with the um... you know the absentee balance you mean when he said is brother
told me one
no one he can't when they said that go ahead one for that
he said oh don't be so fast to do that because
they have encountered all the absentee balance yet
all right do you see that what he said on election night well you also said is
brother told me once when he get worried about
well i'm just saying that is there any wonder why the hankie pankey is going on
now with the absentee balance i just thought he tipped his own hands right
election night
okay sweet art
okay bye bye
you can stick around to say bye bye how do you like that well she's pissed off
she's pissed off and fired up
and they're having at them uh... stupid show on the weekend with uh...
clients with the essential requirement
shut up Greta your little bit true today Greta and Roger on there with a
burden of a proof
so we got me my blender that's beautiful thanks Miguel
where do you have to go for that the wall green to slip all over there
like right next door
you're gonna put splendor in your blender while we have splendor
no no it's on the run
well i would because this stuff tastes like crap without some sweetener
now when you buy the bottle stuff the stuff that's already in the shakes in
the bottles the drink that's already got stuff in here sucralos
which is like splendor and it's delicious this stuff the powder which is
lower in the carbs and fat you want to should rinse this thing out before we
actually use it how no
i'm not one of the not like how it used to be some kind of a kind of a
the most important in there maybe it'll have some like good germs in there
that's what you don't always think we're gonna start quote-unquote we got to
make a lot of old people call her in a selection i can't stand it
well the young people vote well made that better things to do okay
then participate in some fraudulent election
i apologize for encouraging people to vote back in a selection i was going to
vote in the first place
and you know something i probably would have been doing the right thing
encourage people to go out there like like they really have a voice and all
this fraud is going on these scam artists
this country is as crooked as a god damn day is long in no malaska that's how
crooked it is here's a mobile and fort waterdale hello
yeah good afternoon nail yes sir i caught some of the pre-trial statements the
opening statements this morning and even though i'm not a legal scholar and
sometimes it's hard to understand i have an illustration that even a child
would know how this should work out okay
okay maybe bush will understand that
okay say a little little widow woman all these people contributed to a
fund to give this old lady and they put the money in the bank
a robber comes by rob the bank he's a good-hearted robber and he knows this
fund is for the widow woman so he gives her the money
now then they catch him and he confesses he makes a big
deposition of how he did wrong he broke the law yeah do you think the police
and the district attorney will let the widow woman keep the money
what do you mean why i think they would let her keep the money if it was her
money yeah no if it was robbed from the bank and the robber took it and gave it
to the widow woman well whose money was it i thought it was her money
the contributors put it into the bank and they okay have a nice day sir i'm
getting ahead it from listening to the sky
man give this guy the same get kind of laser rice near with that map after
judges who are looking at it George w give this guy a map
talk about a convoluted way to get to whatever the hell is point about him which
i'm sure i don't want to hear how is that blender coming that's though that's
a fancy shmancy one and that looks like about a three gallon job
now what what's that on the sides of there what are they going to put in there
before he abroad in here
yeah on a water took him such a short time five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless
squirt squirt line yeah i got my powder already here
ready to take a powder baby if we only hit some god damn sweet and
lower some sucra out sucra low splenda got nothing in this
joint it's a do it yourself for a business this
place not a radio stage i'm surprised that they even have a transmitter
i'm surprised they didn't make those of us on the air actually chip in and buy
our own goddamn transmitter and quite frankly this one
it don't seem to be working that good anyway
twenty two before one at five sixty double to qm
but Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixty
q a god is this exciting so we get the blender out of the box
what i put my powder in there we are George
crunches up a bunch of uh... splendid tablets and puts them in there put my
water in the thing we put it in a wall punch the a blend button and you know
what i do a goddamn thing
what what could possibly be wrong with it why ain't it working George what how
how would a blender not work how does an electric appliance as simple as a
blender not work
i'll tell you how to do all that to be a microavers plug in that isn't it
so microavers working a campy the outlet we got a dead blender
oh my god this is like some kind of a freaking uh... George w bush conspiracy
if you ask me we got a blender that doesn't work
how is it possible that a blender doesn't work that i just two twenty dollars
down the goddamn toilet that would be like at least uh... what
well green sucks except my favorite wall greens over there in sunrise
and plantation well green blows no wonder was the last one sitting around probably
was a defect and they put it back on the shelf doesn't work
okay great boys and girls let's just move right along here five six seven
oh five sixty oh this must be the same jack ball that probably a day lost
angel is hello
yes sir uh... yeah i'm looking on the internet uh... out here in Los Angeles uh-huh
there's a rumor that uh... yes
yes i thought it was cavern harris and jab
what is it
there's a photo of jab bombing cavern and that's the lesson all sir we all know
that you know he's doing a lot more than bombing rottay that
i enjoyed the show okay thanks there's a guy listening in l.a. how do you like
that nobody else is listening down here what what kind of a crap is this we go on
the gel spends all the effort and my money going over to wall greens on a quarter
up the street gets me a blender we put the crap in their first and plug it
in instead whoever heard of going in buying like a like a minor appliance like
that in anywhere and it doesn't work
we tried it twenty four a different outlets and even the uh... other stuff is
working in there does the thing work no that is the door now
i know if it's very demoralizing it's depressing
and you know it's like it would be like going to the store and buying a guy that
into the box of toothpicks
and you open it no no no i mean what could go wrong and you open it up and there was
a bunch of uh... and senator something i mean what could go wrong with something
as simple as a fricking blender
i say that this wall greens up here on the corner i say that the guy that goes
to christmas past should hot there and i stay asshole
here's my any hello
new uh... but guy was a backrow with the old sounds like the dd
he sounded like an asshole to me just uh... was talking in circles
yes
listen i have a sound i do it you know what's the minute
yes okay i vote the point uh... my represent
what a shame that we got a bozo like rosanna dana and this guy's uh... you know
arguing up in uh... leon county in court
yeah i think of him every time she mentions the dog cast
yeah oh she just she just sends me her and that link in ds barred and all his
corrupt buddies
yeah i really got lucky when i got her
yeah well good luck you sir you'll need it see on the boat
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and
Verizon wireless line out of town line is open on a west coast we're not on the
anyway right now we know we're anywhere else
although we did get a call from LA that was pretty exciting how's that poor
come in here a little do something else kill about ten seconds
after this close election the more you wish you had voted
to donate votes so far not situlating it's okay
no i still wouldn't vote nineteen six and a half percent
yes i didn't vote but wish i had thirty four eleven point eight percent so
that's eighteen point three percent
so you see what i'm saying fifty percent of people voted fifty didn't know we
only got eighteen uh... point three percent in this crowd who uh... didn't vote
because the other one don't blame me i voted two hundred thirty five eighty one
and a half percent and don't give me a solid answer my audience is more
civically involved and both in greater numbers in the general population
do we believe that no no just in nobody else is listening because they don't
give a crap about this will
and after getting that blender i don't blame them what kind of a country is it
when you can't even go into a god damn drugstore and buy a blender plug out of
the wall and make your day make your shake make it shake
god you know man now now that i think about it maybe Miguel maybe he
comes up to works in there he was trying to sweeten up a little bit for me
there you'll be happy to know we have no shortage of uh... blender
activation tips from the callers well what do you mean activation all you
might have to do this you might also i'll check it i mean i'll take the thing off
and uh... make sure you talk about which is
i know i can't no i agree and it is to which this is a piece of crap anyway i have
a wearing blender at home not a real expensive one but just the ordinary
regular pedestrian blender works great and uh... you know when they get real
gummy the thing you throw it out in your bio know which i do or be cut few
years this is a kitchen gourmet but the piece of crap it's a piece of shmit
okay it's swill and whatever in fact i say senator ronpo pilo and i'm
sticking up his back to mass
god blender tips
maybe we can have that for dinner tonight blender tips
after i tip the blender more likely more likely in your neighborhood
here's a mobile and pop it'll be chill out yeah good afternoon yes sir
uh... listen i've got a question uh... has probably one of the very few
republican but uh... uh... something to show calling in this morning
uh... what what do you think the solution is to uh... to this problem with all
these uh... both you know being recounted recounted again and coming up with
a different number of the time we just personally what what do you think is
the solution well what do you mean what i think is the solution there is no
solution i've probably done this in selection day there is no way to know what
the real count was there never will be away it's a it's a fraudulent election
well that it is interesting i you know i've heard of it is that a debatable point
no it's not the fraudulent quick in election
and will never know anywhere will ever have any idea okay how many studies the
here was to that's all guesswork and all done with statistics will never really
know what the actual vote was supposed to be
i i agree one hundred percent but i mean if you look around the country it
other states and in districts uh... where they've had the same similar problems
but we certainly are looking you know
terrible what do you mean other similar problems other than new Mexico where
they're sticking five electoral votes and they lost those five hundred
growth rates that were sitting in the pile somewhere but other than that how
many other states are reading about that had like massive voter problems i'm
not reading any of it now i think there were two that i read maybe a week ago
but even since then that's quite a down you haven't heard much about right i
i have heard of florida special man florida special
yeah well that would have really called florida or something right right
but i don't know the point uh... i saw a representative on tv from i think it's
di bold or people company the guys that make the uh... uh... uh... the things
of seven eleven you know where you put your money out of
eighteen yeah yeah the the eight-year machines and they're proposing now that
they're going to go to the are that they're trying to sell uh... these machines
you know for counting both right with people going and punch their their code in
and both of the right but if they have such a hard time pushing a little
pn through piece of paper what's there sure let me say let me let me let me
let me show let me say this to you if people are too stupid to be able to go
if you give them a code and you give them the card i don't think there too many
people like you i think people a hundred years old at eight tm's getting money
out of their bank if they're too stupid to vote you know something that's the
own problem but at least let's get the count right
well i agree that one hundred percent and like you say it's not even a
debateable issue anymore i mean i have you know there is no way to tell and uh...
i personally would just a regardless of democrat yeah republican i would like
to see this thing over and done and uh... let's go on let's go out with something
important yes okay and god bless america okay so we figure out what it is
let's go down with something important like getting a blender that works
can you believe that
fight like a message it's a message from the bill got up a barbersome down below
i think
we can't even get a freaking blender in this joint this this is just it's like
it's like if you know the barnacles and the bottom of the ship
whatever grow on the barnacles whatever the scum is on the barnacles that's
this place is just something about this whole this whole establishment here
it's cursed it's cursed you're right it's cursed and it's divorced
but i'll take the money thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen ten for eyes and wireless line
here's corals brings hello does it have a plastic jar or glass jar this blend
that plastic all thrown the garbage it's a piece of junk
you know i'm concerned about i'm concerned that maybe the the capital
can catch fire and i'll bring the democrats forward
hello
i like that little part the end where he like exhale like that
i was expecting you hear the death rattle you know the son i'm talking about
like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen
and four eyes and wireless line out of town let me say it again there are only
going to be a select few people going to be allowed to vote from now on and not
picking them and this guy wasn't one of them either or most of the people we
talked through today you wonder why dumb people get elected in this country
because dumb people are the ones voting for them that's why you wonder why
dumb people get nominated before the to run for these offices because dumb
people are one vote in the primaries that's why dumb dumb dumb and i'll say it
again take a look at the map at who won which states
and you decide who won the dumbing down of america contest
here's my me beach hello yeah Neil yes sir
and she know no part of the beach yeah i got a question uh
in a scenario more or less what is it let's say the burning bush
gets elected yeah inauguration day yeah okay this
s o b is going to stand on the podium and release his hand to god
yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it what did i say i want to talk to
anymore old god damn people i'm not talking anymore old people i don't care if
they're all all i'll talk to myself i'll stick my thing in my blender there for
the rest of the show i'm not talking to these old parts that's all we got left
in there nobody to blame but myself for it getting sucked in all the
selection crap living and breeding people most of them are too
intelligent to get sucked into this fraudulent thing
called elections in america and the political system it's fraud it's corrupt
bankrupt it's garbage is what it is garbage and i apologize profusely to
myself forget to align myself to get sucked in to this crap and now we got all
these old parts caught again like back in the old WS news and KAT days oh god
i'm gonna start having nightmares about civil
event and little Russell oh yeah i told about that five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and for rise in marvellous line i had a
dream this morning i woke up i was dreaming about eating a restaurant and
roll but the attractory of downstairs and roll
yeah and we went in there and it was like none of the people that usually
work in there were in there and i was getting frantic like where's all the
people where's all our pizzeran yeah and then i woke up
and i looked around and i said oh shmit look where i am
here's four-letter hello yes how are you deal okay uh what i was going to tell you
very important in there you're on the wrong drug you're on the wrong drug you're not supposed
to be on priorless say yeah you're supposed to be on preva said now why would i want to do
you a favor like that why would because i've had this problem for five years five six seven
but oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t you see what i'm saying stop putting old people
as soon as you hear the voice of an old person on the phone in there get rid of them hang up on
them immediately i am not talking to any more old people don't you understand don't you get it
what what are you saying oh he's still on the line what do you mean he's still on line just
hung up on him i know i was going to call back and get the number of fun and uh
giggles and he's still on their talking talking where how can he be talking i hung up on himself oh well
fine great i don't want to run i don't want to hear him don't you understand i don't want to talk
to fng old people god damn it jesus christ we started at about a hundred and ten and i'm talking
to people that have been dead for 20 years four three two five six nine two a five i have
a four-letter of easily broadcasts and wqa m dot com for the world oh boy it's the one to two hours
this is the year that i'm gonna get smart yeah
yeah
the holiday friends the hats already started
think you're ever gonna see my face in the crowd pushing in the shoving don't think so
how to get out on your line it's gonna be a no-stop that's with my computer
people on the lazy ass way in shop for life
out on your line without budget it's never now i don't have to hear the whole
uh
101 at five sixty wq i'm gonna got some spectacular great news the blender works
George dittled around with it and the blended to and it's got a thing you have to depress your
thing which i guess we should have known that because if you don't depress your thing
it isn't gonna get working they only have to stand on it and then you'll get depressed
yeah there's like a little button on it and the guy to call him to throw it in the garbage
we're gonna throw you ask in the garbage okay you old fart you expert all these yinthas out
there they just don't be giving us no advice okay we got the thing working i got my shakes
sitting right here and i feel a lot better and life goes on and it is a cheap piece of crap
all what you want for 18 bucks five six seven oh five and a condition which who that wants to buy
a good one and bring it in here because it'll get stolen overnight anyway so you have to be out
of your mind unless it's like you bracket it down like the tv and the vcr that's connected to it
and a satellite the dish there you have to like lock it down or it's going to disappear because
we got a bunch of thieves around here and everybody in their brother in his building got to keep
this room i should point that out unlike the lines that they told us when we're going to move in here
nice going all i can say is uh good off this instant yeah here's the mobile in Miami hello
hello yes sir yes i am did you know that that just ship uh what's your name
just clock up in seminal county nicky clerk yes she was just turned down by uh yeah we know that
that's old nooser that's ancient news and the republicans are scared crapless over which is why
they asked for a jury trial which they thought would take it out of her hands and also delay more
and she said no yes and they they're crying that she should recuse herself yeah well i'm only
asking this how come Catherine Harris didn't recuse herself as secretary of state who was chairman
of the god damn bush for dog catcher campaign committee exactly right so now pay back is a bitch
right pal right she's gonna stick it to him all right stick it to him nicky huh there to go you go girl
i think she's gonna i think she's really gonna she's gonna stick it way in there rectum and they're
gonna like it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty i feel so much better now that i have my
uh thing here i pink thing now i'm just i'm wondering you know because chocolate is supposed to be bad
for this um good but if you get chocolate flavor like for example some of those shakes in the bottle
i get our chocolate and that doesn't affect it i guess it's just can't talk with candy is bad i think
it'd be cocoa gets you yeah if it's some fakey chocolate that isn't made from cocoa i don't know
that's just what i think didn't you like the robust sound of that bale split just that that's
to it yeah that's the most it and i and i feel like tremendously better just in a couple of days
and this old fart that called before with this previsit i hope somebody um stick their foot up
is there you know out of here here's pompano hello hello Neil yes sir i think you look like you
know George Bush junior and apology because you're yeah you yeah yeah you owe the human race
and apology zero okay go take some uh Tylenol and call us tomorrow let's know how it came out
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless life
here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello hey how you doing i'm doing okay the audience needs
in serious mental health but i'm doing nothing new about that well you know i'll tell you i think
glad you got a diet that works i'm gonna go on it with you i picked fat old person put me on that
the afghan diet i gained 15 pounds yeah as we watch Reverend Jesse Jackson hold a rally in talah
i'm not watching it oh good you've not missed in my i'm watching the doubt sink like a like a rock
like an anchor i still trying to figure out what Jesse Jackson does for a living but he's a perfect
don't you understand what Jesse Jackson's job is oh i don't he's a professional shmitter
sterber he is that's what he does he's an oh jean provocateur yeah well you know they heckled
him right off the soapbox when he went up the west pond yeah you know i think he's running out of
free tickets he never met a cause that he couldn't exploit that's right well listen i'm glad to see
that your colleague didn't know how to repair things i've got a he knows how to help blender over here
okay he'll be right over okay good luck just sir he's he's having a good time at least there's a
guy that's under the age of a hundred and having a good time and i've taken this also god damn
like life and death it's not life and death okay
somebody shrill hysterical people for christ's life is gonna go on well you ought to be worried about
is the god damn stock market that's what you ought to be worried about shouldn't we even you
will your crappy little stocks let's get you got that one stock what is it like minus two cents
now or something yeah let's get there and this smartass they called me before about shiptrikes i
hate to recognize to you it was like how it was over 30 there one day it's hovering in it's
hanging in there 28 all these people are experts and oh well it's a crappy company which you
may be right about that but the fact is that uh... you know it's it's in fact even what we bought
a twenty two and a half bucks remember when i tripled out i could sell that right now make a
a nice little profit on about eleven hundred bucks am i gonna do that no i'm holding on baby just
like zero ox i could sell my zero ox my thousand cheers and zero ox never about five bucks but i
don't think about it who's that Robert not creeper Robert salesperson Robert from power oh from power
i'm surprised even though that we're in here five five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty let me start at about power ninety six okay and about that kid's groovy so who called you
today forgot to ask you offering the backseat boy tickets remember what he gave it well what he
graber oh i don't want to sit outside the arena because you know the kind of accommodations
what he gets got you yeah they probably have me out in the rain again
no i can't get back to take it boy take it for anybody else i'm sorry but
oh no
does not thay
You don't just put her here in this song.
Yeah, I do.
God.
Anything.
Just a break.
Just give it some break.
The man that I become.
Oh yeah.
Lookin' back on the sea, that it does.
I was trying to see someone say he might be far.
You can wait until you're done.
Now that you show me the sea, that it does.
I was trying to see someone say he might be far.
You can't miss a spew of love.
You love me, you're the last one.
So, tell me, I can't wait until you're done.
Oh, oh.
Touch me now, just a bottle.
It makes me weaker.
You can't save me.
And the man I become.
Lookin' back on the sea, that it does.
I was trying to see someone say he might be far.
Just give it some break.
You can't save me.
I was trying to see someone say he might be far.
I was trying to see someone say he might be far.
I was trying to see someone say he might be far.
I was in the car about half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his white clothes than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple, he's a super fat baggie.
Well, I may be, but I'll tell you one thing that Jason just in Timberlake is a real...
10 minutes after what?
Oh, you know the kid that called from Israel?
Because it just came into my mind.
Remember, I couldn't remember what we used to call him on IND.
He used to be a chronic caller.
I remember calling him a fruitcake.
That was his nickname.
Fruitcake.
Fruitcake.
I was going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say
I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, just like ever I was going to say, discount, but going
play it again. nasal passages? how is that? you might quicker what man? I got my thumb on it.
and the bledness too.
and you know something that you'll get for something.
every night when I'm you've got school I can't remember how much
he's not like all that's okay.
what is his brain? inside of nothing else.
he's made nasal passages.
that's why George always for the nasal passages.
he wanted to tell us the day's line.
he weighed in store for today's
Oh my god, this is just as much as I, as much contemporary art.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
So do what things do?
So do what things do?
So do what things do?
Or why is there a record
of whether you have your urine
or if your urine has bajad
or if your urine has bajad
And if your urine Всё will hurt?
Oh yeah, this is the purge of the end.
This old news, old news, old news.
I mean, God, if I had $100 for every page that's come over that fax in the last four or
five weeks with the same stuff over and over again, ponderous, freaking ponderous.
By the way, you see Ed Cohn's in jail.
I mean, Ed Pope.
Ed Cohn's in.
Ed Pope.
Really?
Twenty years in jail in the Russia for treason.
Not the Ed Pope you're thinking about.
I want to get Hank nervous.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th.
That was funny.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Okay.
Yeah, I want to talk a little bit about your guard.
Why don't you diagnose with that?
Two days ago.
We can have.
Okay, because I was diagnosed with it as well just about a month or two ago.
And there's an operation that you can have.
I'm not having no operation.
I don't even operation.
I don't even have any symptoms right now.
Well, there's actually one that's non-evasive and unfortunately the insurance companies won't
approve it.
I'm with that right now.
Yeah.
And they term you down twice where you have an endoscopy.
You had one of those, right?
Yes.
And with the same type of procedures, they go in endoscopically.
They put a little stitch around the sphincter to close that up.
I don't want to close up my sphincter.
I know which one you're talking about, yeah.
And I've tried now twice and I have very bad symptoms.
And my insurance company will not approve it.
And I'm going now.
Our next step is to go public with it and try to get somebody to step in either a politician
or someone in the news because they will approve to go in lapiscopically and whether you get cut up
you're in the hospital five days in the most recovery.
They will prove that tomorrow.
But they will look like I've landed at almost killed that operation right.
Right.
And they won't approve an operation where I'll be in and out of the hospital as an outpatient two hours.
Well, how much does it cost?
The cost is just about the same as the lapiscopic section.
The last is that you're not in the hospital for five days for recovery.
And how much is that?
From what I've got estimates of somewhere about 18, $20,000.
Oh, lapiscopically.
The other way it's just like a $5,000 procedure.
Yeah.
And you don't have to take medication either.
And they just want to prove that.
Okay, well good luck, you sir.
I wish you all the best and maybe you're robbing a bank or something like that.
I know that I want to sound out of sympathetic but I'm certainly not sending that guy any money.
But I wish him all the best.
And that's America for you.
That's the medical fraud that we have that dominates America.
Strictly fraud.
Like most of the other institutions we have in this country.
Fraudulent, corrupt.
That's why all those shows 2020 and date line and 15 different versions of 50 minutes.
That's why they're all on and so popular.
Because if we didn't have all those corruption stuff to uncover, they wouldn't have anything to talk about.
Because that's the American F&W baby.
Here's a call in the red land, hello.
Hello.
I just heard an newsy other day.
Something about the right wing in Germany is trying to show them they have a little more compassionate side.
So they're running on a platform of family values.
I just thought that was kind of interesting.
You know, with the right wing here running on.
What are they going to do?
You're very family-free, lambshade now.
I don't know.
Yeah.
And I'm actually a gour supporter.
I mean, as far as, you know, I really wanted him in there.
And it's to do with I'm an environmental person.
And, you know, for a whole whole world.
Well, you sure let you down.
Didn't he?
He sure let you down by running your crappy campaign and picking the worst possible running-mate that he ever could.
Absolutely.
Yes.
And, you know, pushing all those guys, pushing has like a zero voting record for the environment.
Volunteering compliance.
Those are the two words that should make you shudder and run to the toilet.
Volunteering compliance.
And they're trying to make, you know, environmental people all seem like radicals and things.
Right.
I just want to have some clean air and some clean water.
Well, you're getting carried away, man.
You better watch it.
It'll ship you off to Houston.
Thanks.
Good luck to us, sir.
God bless you.
There's a guy.
There's a guy.
First guy today, we heard from him, I made any sense.
I shouldn't say that.
We might have had a couple of good calls today.
Oh, we did.
We had a couple.
But you see, I played the backstreet boys.
You know how it worked and chased away all of them.
We've been towards people.
All of you old people, call it way.
Call it way.
I can't stand you.
I can spend your code game right here through the radio.
God.
Man, with all due respect, there must be some nice old people out there, not too many.
Well, I sure hope that you got home.
Like I said.
Yeah.
Tomorrow's Thursday, I can go make another big splash in the mom's house.
No, not going to be too many big splashes when you're on this show.
You know something when I eat that first meal of the mother house, I probably wet in the middle of the house.
I'll be back in a minute to the dinner table.
Yeah.
Well, you know how that is when you're not eating solid food for a few days.
And then you have that first salad meal.
Oh, man, all of a sudden you're flying in that room.
Yeah.
I'm thinking of my kiss cassette recorder and there may be a play it on the air.
I'm going to get one for your mom for Hanukkah.
Yeah.
That recorder for the turlant with a nice view meter.
Yeah, it's got a picture of the five old man on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One, there's nothing going on for all you people that are all worried and all whipped up to a friend you about the latest chapter.
You know, you have trial about the Seminole County ballots and the Martin County ballots and the guy named Bay County.
But they're in the guy named thing going on right now.
At least it's not on CNN and busy running commercials.
Oh, and speaking of that.
Hey, listen, we know what side it's buttered on.
We're running commercials here.
We don't have time to pock ski around with who's winning the frickin presidential election.
And the future of the human race news got their finger on a goddamn button.
We can't worry about things like that.
We got commercials to get in here.
And that damn NASDAQ.
Oh, look at all those demonstrators out there.
I don't know exactly who these remarks are directed at.
But the complaints have to do with several incidents of alleged voter disenfranchisement, especially in Miami,
and the county where African Americans say they were denied.
Yeah, well, somebody teach him out of vote.
25.
What are you laughing about?
It's the truth.
Teach people if you're going to go out there and recruit people to vote, show them where to stick it already.
Okay?
Christ almighty.
They sure know where to stick something else.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
Reproducing like rabbits.
Teach them out of stick to damn stylus and the, you know, that's what you're supposed to do.
When you send one of those people to the goddamn voting place, you know what they're supposed to do?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Or the stylus in the hole or something.
Man.
All these people protesting and carrying on.
Yeah, yeah.
You have nobody to blame about yourselves.
If you're stupid, you're stupid.
I'm losing my patience with all these people.
Okay, so some of it was complicated.
Some of it was confusing.
But give me a break already.
If you're that goddamn stupid that you can't go and press the ballot.
If you can't punch the hole through and you know something.
If you can't punch it all the way through, tell somebody about it there.
If it's that important, tell them I can't stick it in there.
It's just not going through.
I can't stick it in there.
And you know what they're going to tell you?
Yeah.
Yeah, but at least they'll have tried.
What do you expect in Florida with a meeting age is death.
What do you expect down here?
Okay.
I haven't been saying for years we need more living and breathing people here.
And we would be having these problems right now.
Okay, 130 at 5.60 WQM.
Any second now, we're going to get this big momentous announcement from the Florida Supreme Court.
And you know what?
It'll make a shit.
I bet it will.
If that doesn't do it, something Peter Lennon brings in will probably do it.
He usually does.
So what do you got there?
That stuff is garbage.
Okay, don't hand me that.
I've got that at home.
That's crap.
It is direct.
I've got it.
It's not brand new.
Maybe that's brand new.
This stuff is old.
I'll take it though.
It's crap.
No, I'm just telling you, I'm not going to sit here in shul.
The fact is that this other stuff, and of course I'm sure that he's not going to be carrying this stuff
because of the fact that it's a conflict.
Is that correct?
Are they getting this stuff in or not?
No.
So what did I tell you?
This is the way these Atkins takers work.
If you don't get the Atkins stuff, then you can't, if you have that, then you can't carry the competitive stuff.
Isn't that a joke?
It would be like going into publics and they carry Coca-Cola.
And if you don't like Coke, well, too bad because we're not going to carry Pepsi because we're carrying Coke.
No Coke, Pepsi.
Yeah, and I like Pepsi better.
How do you like that?
But at any rate, thanks for whatever that crap is over there.
Peter learned it just for all of my bunch of crap.
You know, they're showing the weather on here.
Didn't they just get to tell us, I better go to MSNBC because I don't trust these backtards for a minute.
I don't trust them for a second.
What is MSNBC?
What number is it on here?
350?
I know what it is on the cable.
Huh?
Oh, here it is.
They were denied on both of those cases.
So that's how I got kicked up here to Atlanta and how now Georgia is involved in the Florida vote count.
You already just said how now Brown's got more issues again about this hand counted ballots.
Now, in court yesterday, attorneys for the Bush campaign and for Republican voters in Florida sought to have any kind of vote totals
which included hand counted ballots anywhere in Florida to be tossed out.
The basis of their complaint is this.
They said that because not all ballots are being hand counted, not all ballots are being given this kind of care and protection,
it was a violation of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution which guarantees equal protection under the law.
Now, attorneys for the Democratic Party of Florida countered saying, listen, this is not something new in Florida.
This has happened before and Republicans have been aware of this before.
They started a number of different great times.
This Fox is going to disappear real quick because he just, I don't want to get it.
I don't want to get it.
He's just a prescription plan.
They're doing spots again, I'm seeing it.
Didn't they just tell us a few minutes ago, I made sure I got the commercial break out of the way.
Come back here at 1.30, I said we got a big announcement coming that you know, make your **** right and I'm waiting here.
1.33 already.
How about if we were like them, we started a show 10.07, 10.15, whatever we felt like it.
Let's end it now.
These people know nothing about, yeah, we're going to leave it now, about punctuality. That's the problem.
And he's supposed to be the guy named experts.
Wow, it's the officers of the court and the, yeah, right.
See you guys, get with it.
And they're still doing spots.
So what was that crap that Peter Leonard just brought in?
You sent out a child who a man's job and he brings you back to wrong stuff.
Not that I want to start on grateful, but is it the right stuff?
No.
No, I'm telling you, the Atkins powder is like not even the same league.
I'm just being honest with it.
It's not in the same league.
Let me give you an example.
I'm waiting for this thing.
Oh, I have to say, over 15,000 absentee, yeah, we know a little.
Don't give a said the run.
Let's see how about fat in the powder.
Atkins total fat 8 grams, the carb, carb solutions, 2.5 grams.
You hear that?
Cobb a hydrate.
Well, I will say that.
Atkins only got one gram and the other one's got three.
Now, maybe the Atkins will be cool.
Okay, if you make a shake with it because he doesn't tell you, oh, yeah, use a shaker cup.
Yeah, for best to serve hot, makes me, we'll say I'll take it home and do some studies on it.
I'll have 30 or 40 cups of that.
Don't make a ****.
I'm sure of that.
Oh, it's sitting there.
I might as well use the geek content.
Content, my friend.
Says, please no more calls from dead people building for a lottery.
I'm with you, Bill, right on target, baby.
No more.
He's got them all far.
So I'm sick of it.
They're taking a short back 20 years to got them W's news again.
Those days are history.
Just like George wants us to put Barbara boxer back on Eerie Five minutes because his girlfriend Randy's doing it.
Just relax with you.
And what's wrong with the young Ron?
Did you say to the bird?
I'm sorry.
Just lighten up the white rice.
Huh?
What's the plan between Randy and young Ron?
There is no tie in here.
No tie in at all.
It's just a joke.
It's just humor.
I know.
And intentionally so.
Oh, here we go.
We got some hot shots and suits.
They're going up the steps there in the estate capital in Tallahassee.
Terror's of law in this dozens of the other day when he decided Monday to deny Gordon.
A brief spile for Gordon to go up here to the Florida Supreme Court.
Oh, well, wait a minute.
What is one thing?
There's so many different things going on here.
That's not what we're waiting for.
That was a do it in noon already.
That's not what we're talking about.
Let's get the goddamn announcement on the air already.
You burrs always you.
Get it on.
And the problem is, no wonder nobody can keep track of this.
They've got all these different things going on at the same time.
And they can't separate one from them.
They can't separate them in from the go-in.
In many ways.
Are now physically here at the Florida Supreme Court earlier this morning, the record.
All I know is it says on their Florida Supreme Court statement expected soon.
So we won't let you down.
We won't let you down.
We'll leave it.
Let me make commercials if we have to.
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, it sounded good.
It sounded really good.
It sounded like we really care about important stuff besides a bunch of stupid ball games.
And they're just, they're just, they're just, they're just, they're just, they're just, they're doing the same thing up there that I'm doing here.
They're just killing, killing time.
Stalling and waiting.
Waiting for the good stuff to get going.
Talking, he's on it.
And now it's 136.
136.
And we're supposed to pay attention to these freaking seven justices on the Florida Supreme Court.
Like they're Schmidt.
Don't stink, huh?
They can't do anything on time.
Trial on several.
And here we got Chris Dodd and once there's other Republican, what's it?
I don't know what Chris McConnell or something like that is named Mitch McConnell from Kentucky.
Mitch McConnell.
Yeah, there you go.
We can do it, Lou.
Hey, you fight for a man.
You can't pull this all apart.
Mitch McConnell and Chris Dodd from Connecticut.
And they're hammering nails.
I have no idea what this silly crap is.
Silly.
Yeah, that's what it's all about.
America, it's a bunch of silly crap.
They're out there hammering nails into a piece of, they're pounding it silly.
Yeah, they're pounding it.
And the nail too.
And these two, this Lou Waters man is kind of, he looks like he belongs in the petrified forest or what?
I used to like him about 40 years ago when he was like 40, 50 years old.
He normally, on the hunt after the presidential election.
Yeah, see, now they put on a puff piece.
They're just for one time now.
They're not fooling anybody.
They put on a puff piece.
So take that break.
I don't dare do that because with my luck, as soon as I take the break, the Supreme Court thing will come on.
We'll stop it.
You gotta held you will.
Stop it, restart it, what the hell?
Well, let me do the live spot anyway.
Make Peter Leonard happy, since he brought me all that stuff that I wanted so bad.
Not.
But Neil Rogers show sports radio, line 60.
QA.
Okay, 19 till two.
And just to show that I'm not a hard ass, I'm sitting here trying, although it's not very, very, it says on the cancer.
Very cool.
The Atkins, Shake, Strawberry, Supreme, as in Supreme Court.
And don't worry, they're not doing anything yet.
We're still in four play.
And so I open this up and I figure I'll give it a try and score.
Let's see, 9 grams of fat, two of saturated.
Now what does the other stuff have?
I think it's, yeah, 9.5.
And a carbohydrate, four grams in the strawberry.
So I'm breaking it out of the can.
And it's okay.
Is it as good as the other stuff, the Cobb solution?
No.
No, not even the same category.
It's not in the same league.
So one thing, if you believe in the Atkins, doesn't mean you have to use only Atkins products.
I say that with all due respect.
A lot of people like their stuff, that's fine.
Because I'm looking at the ingredients and I'm seeing, wait, tremendous similarity.
It's okay.
It's good.
Not as good as the stuff in the bottle, though, from the Cobb solutions.
Not even close.
Not nearly as good.
I'm just being honest with you about it.
Okay, I continue in a lie.
I won't show for anybody.
There's not enough money in it.
If there was, I would.
But the Cobb solutions is where it's at.
So thanks, Peter.
And we put it in a good place.
Very sad.
We're still waiting.
They're doing promos.
They're doing commercials.
I don't know how much vlog rack in Wait for this guy.
Let's play more of the...
Oh, that's pretty cool.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
You can win this.
Okay, that's all.
That's all there is to that.
I mean, it's a long song.
And I'm milked bad for all I could.
But there's still other stuff.
See, they're doing the same thing on CNN that we're doing here.
And that is they're running all the commercials to get them in.
They make sure that they don't, you know,
they don't blow the Supreme Court thing.
Big announcement at 130 from the Florida Supreme Court.
They were saying before.
Did we get it?
No.
Is it past 130?
Last time I checked.
I'm like about 14 minutes past.
And they're still running through Jesus.
They're running like 85 spots now.
It's like a worst team.
They're running nothing but commercials now.
Okay, let's take a quick look at our poll.
So like I said, this stuff is okay.
The act can shake.
Not in the same category.
Now in the mouth tomorrow,
now that those are in the refrigerator,
and they're getting cool because it says serve very cool.
So cool that your teeth chatter.
We got those little cups.
We could do that.
We could do a taste test live on the air.
I don't like to do that.
I don't need to do that.
Believe me, I know how good the other ones are.
The other ones are sensational.
And I'll even take the powder home,
and I'll try making some shakes with those.
And I found my sweet and low that's been sitting around here
from the Hellendale days.
It's getting a little gaming now.
But it's okay.
Got sunny Rosenberg's autograph on each packet.
Oh, yeah.
And you can almost smell that was in with Ryan Intendola.
Yeah.
Yeah, in the outhouse.
And there's still,
and this has got to be the 15th spot in the lower
other running on CNN.
Because I guess there,
here we go.
What's this?
No, this isn't even it.
Trial on Seminole County absentee belts
to resume soon and they're back at that courtroom again.
But the judging isn't even there.
They're more desperate than I am.
I mean, at least here we can, you know,
play a couple of bits,
maybe take a call or two,
but I don't dare do that.
Maybe play some more music.
I can think of it.
I can think of it.
I can think of it.
I can think of it.
Oh, yeah.
That's just A1 to England, George.
He really is Denmark.
You.
I guess I'm a new special diet now that's A1 sauce.
Every time I ask you to buy it away.
What is it?
What?
Look hard.
Look hard.
High speed.
Is it on top?
High speed.
High speed.
High speed.
As in.
High.
You say you should.
But I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I was a little bit more white this morning.
I was pulled out using water when the thing was left at the powder.
I got this can here.
Man.
Man.
I got powder up the.
Pacto right now.
I got powder up the.
Three hundred sixty-seven votes on our poll so far.
Our question today after this close election is do more of you wish you would vote it.
You give you three choices.
No, I still wouldn't vote.
Twenty-three or six point two percent.
Yes, I didn't vote but I sure wish I had forty two eleven point four percent.
Don't blame me.
I voted three or two eighty two point two percent.
claim that you voted. Of course, a lot of those with the old people now, the old people
don't have computers. Here we go, Shava is one of the other ones, the CNN self-serving
20-year moments now. It is now 17 minutes after we're supposed to get this momentous announcement
from the Florida Supreme Court. I think they're just lying. I think they're just making
these things up so that people with the Nielsen meters on their TVs will leave it tuned in
there just so that the clock keeps running and make their numbers go up. I don't think
there's going to be any goddammit announcement if you ask me. Here's a mobile informer.
Hello. Mobile informer. Gone. Okay. Didn't hang on. And why should they? Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Niel. How you doing? Okay. Niel. Two points. First point. George Bush gets in the
office. He says he had an illegal abortion. Yeah. Correct. Well, he didn't have one, but
the brother. Yeah, he set it up. Okay. He had one. I don't know. Well, if it was 71 or
1970, Roe versus Ways didn't come around for a second. Till 73. Yes, we know that, sir.
That's very old news, right? But would not make him a felony. Yes. Yeah. It would make him
a felon that is correct. Well, I say throw his ass in jail. Okay. Great. 5, 6, 7,
05 and the rest of them to 5, 6, 7, 0. And look at it. They're doing more commercials now.
You see, you think that I was screwing around. They're not fooling anybody. They have run since
the bottom of the hour 82 minutes of commercial. That's only in 19 minutes. They're running them
on a fan. Remember what they used to do? The thing with the radio. We heard about it.
Yeah. Speed up the things that was real fun. You can have them. Yeah. Get more spots in that way.
Which group company was that? Was that career channel that was doing that? Oh, that was one of them.
The bigger network. Yeah. One of the big companies that the FTC handed over all of radio
and the TV in America too. They were speeding up the spots so that they could actually
squeeze in more minutes of spots per hour, squeezing the radio program to make the actual
content shorter so they could get more ads on. And of course, that's what they used to do
in the old days when they used to speed up the records. The 45 RPM market they played at 48.
Because they thought it made it sound better and left more time for spots through, I guess.
Who the hell knows? Because that's all we're about here in the broadcasting media. We're just about spots.
We're not here. Is this all we got? The Dow is really sliding out. Now, now 163. What is that all about?
Can you explain that to me? Well, what's the rationale for it? Isn't this like one day after yesterday
it was all you fork and green span made a great announcement and it looked like Bush was going to win?
And now all of a sudden it's like, oh, wow, we changed their mind. Which proves like I've said before.
I don't care how much money you've been lucky enough to make it in some of you. And that's why
the only reason you would disagree with me. Because if you want to be honest, you know, it's a crap shoot.
It's pseudo-intellectualized Las Vegas to quote me. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Here's another important piece. Alien Gonzalez turned seven years old. Are you excited about that?
I'm voting him from, I'm voting him in droffis for 2004.
Yeah. Hey, listen, I'm just reminded of the words, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party meal.
Yeah. You know what I mean? No, I have no idea what does that mean.
It means that you can't allow a new dynasty, a new government that just weasel its way out in there
and you just, you know, everyone flicked back to, you know, find out what's going on, Pokeman.
You know, now is the time for all alone wolves to come out of the closet.
Well, what does that mean? What do I want? What is all this verbiage that's coming from your lips? What does it mean?
It's time to take individual action, Neil. Such as what?
Such as anything that you have at your disposal.
In my disposal, there ain't nothing in my disposal. I keep my kitchen nice and clean.
Okay, my house is you can, you can eat out the floor and in your case five sit in the douse down 180.
It's taken as something must have happened. Somebody must have come up with a bed, the earnings report or something.
And I don't, I don't dare. I daston dared turn on CNBC.
And look at this. She's given the weather again now. This is the 14th and it's all they're doing is run a commercial's on air.
And it's going to be a big shower in your room. It doesn't belong on air just to say hello and goodbye.
That's not bad. You can give it a freaking weather. And guess what? The weather is the same as the ones 10 minutes ago.
Because they're shmit and green purple and yellow.
Which is you think that's the colors on the map. They're shmitting those colors because they can't get this Florida Supreme Court thing on here.
And what do we do now? See now we're backed up again again. Another break situation.
I said David. Huh?
Oh, what is this all of a sudden with two days in row with Mr. Sudo intellectualized CNBC?
What's happening? You're upset that people are taking a little money off the table.
Now it's found 200. Take what do you mean taking money off the table? What does that mean?
Well, talk about a cliche, a trite cliche. I thought you'd like that.
Yeah, that was garbage. That was almost as bad as Sudo intellectualized Las Vegas.
Yesterday made an ice head.
Yesterday made an short covering rally.
Yeah, oh, there's another good one. Yeah. I got a whole book.
I got something short they can cover.
Neil, I've been listening to you since you came on the air.
Covetching, the angst is just pouring out of the speakers.
Yeah.
Relax. Everything will be okay.
I am relaxed. What do you mean the market you're talking about?
Yeah. The Dow is down 200 freaking points and the Nasdaq is down 40.
And when I gave you my list of stocks the other day when you called and you gave me that like both eyebrows in the down position
and it come to find out that every one of them did good yesterday.
Right.
And I'm not the least bit worried about any of them. I think those are four.
You see what you have to do when great companies are on sale, which is the way I look at it.
Even if they still go a little bit further down, the fact is in the long run.
If you're not, see if you're a player, if you're just playing and you're like Las Vegas kind of crap, just a craps you.
Then of course you have to worry about that day to day.
But if you're investing for like a few years, I'm not worried about those companies.
Exactly.
And should I be?
No. And now you've just summarized exactly what the wise investment brought up at the is.
Yeah.
You're in it for the long haul.
You've got companies that you believe in and you hold onto them.
Like Ask Jeez. I mean you buy it at 120 and watch you go to 10.
Well.
Which thank God I don't have that.
That wasn't exactly what I...
Oh.
Yeah.
But in my way as far as these commercials, I mean you have commercial inventory.
You've got a log in front.
Do you have any transfer to get in when they can't?
And let me ask you this.
Now it's down to 17 and again she's still given the weather.
She's been given the weather here for seven minutes because of the fact they're terrified.
They're going to miss this thing and now they're doing a ski report.
What just happened?
Did I miss something?
Because I'm sure that even though you're on vacation, you must have your thumb on it.
What happened that all of a sudden the Dow is taking this gigantic slide?
I honestly have no idea.
I mean I think there was...
Somebody told me that every time Al Gore appeared on TV, this is not me speaking now.
This is several of my guests.
Every time Al Gore appeared on TV the market would drop.
And anytime there appears any kind of resolution for this election, the market moves higher.
Well now you get three different cases going on.
Right.
So the indecision continues.
Well you know something that's a tremendous case of investing your money.
I mean the fact that it's hanging on such wonderful tenuous things like that.
That every time Al Gore's picture gets on the screen, that people are calling their broker
and selling like we just had a guy that didn't fire in their pants.
That's a real tremendous...
I don't know, that's a...
Instead of divine, man.
But that's a misconception because it's the institutions moving the markets around.
You don't have people, individual investors.
Ah! And isn't that what I've always said, George?
Individuals, we have no power.
It's all manipulated.
It's like a fixed horse race.
The fix is in, you're right.
That's the second day in a row.
We got some honesty from Ted David.
Now he's pretending he didn't say it.
That's not what I know.
Okay, okay, I'll cover for it just like the end of the day.
I said it.
Okay?
You feel better now?
No, no, you're missing the import here.
The average individual investor is not embedded in space on mutual fundredemptions and other evidence that there is.
The average investor is not selling.
And in fact, our last couple of times at the market got in trouble.
Oddly enough, the individual investor was the one who was buying the DIP Senate
with the institution to were selling.
Right.
Well, so it's not Mr. and Mrs. Palm Beach or Miami data.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Thank you.
They're not the ones who were selling.
And on a percentage basis, what's 220 anyway?
Let's face it, the guys that you bring under 99% of them don't know they're asked for my elbow.
You know that.
Well, they're blowing smoke.
They're smoke-blower.
They're touts.
They're touts.
Well, I'm sure you've seen those shows on Sunday morning where they have all these touts for the ball games.
And they got my friend Ron Bash and all these other guys touting.
You know, call this toll free number.
I'll give you 20 winners.
It's the same thing.
Uh, okay.
It's like buying the tip sheets.
No, no, seriously.
You know what I'm talking about?
The market letters, the newsletters.
I bought a couple of those.
Yes, what I'm sure of.
You've been from the guy who's the guy on PBS that just had his 85th anniversary?
Oh, a little rookie.
A little rookie.
A little rookie.
He had a newsletter.
I'm going to say every stock that he promoted went in the crapper.
I mean, he was like, I had a perfect record.
I mean, trust me what I tell you.
I told you, you name it.
Everything that he touched went in the crapper.
Well, I think you will find that green spans commas yesterday helped provide a SAV.
And I'm closing because I got a new spot, you know what those are.
But let me ask you this.
What happened between yesterday and today?
Should the indecision continue?
Yesterday was the new for you.
Yesterday was probably the four years of green span indicating that the Fed would be accommodative.
And today still have the indecision continuing.
Okay, listen, before I let you go, you want to buy some Xerox cheap?
Move.
See you, Ted.
Is it below four?
Yeah.
Goodbye.
Take a bye.
