560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Okay!
Talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Rodcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if it was on those noblises.
Oh!
Thanks for bearing me.
Those bad jokes that I said, my eyes that turned all red, I'm on the road with pain again,
except this time I'm dead.
Please don't pay over me.
But I want to tell you, thanks for bearing me that cheesy old man smell, that's the
lorries I was to throw.
And those lousy shows that I did at the fast and blue hotel with Anita X-Burb.
And I want a girl.
Oh!
Wow, is this overhead, I guess it's okay, it's not yours being plugged up, man.
I feel like crap.
My head is all plugged with crap, just a red coat, nothing bad, little head coat.
But I'll survive because it's very, very urgent, it's extremely important that I'm here
to hear.
Well, if either of me or that goddamn escape of the Pope and the Cubans again, God, I'll
mate, wouldn't be great if we had more than one take after three years, three years
plus we had more than one best update.
Have we got more than one best update?
No!
Same thing over and over again.
So Bob Hope is dead and now Steve Allen.
Now Steve Allen was like my hero, like childhood hero, he was the funniest man who was ever
on TV.
Unfortunately, and nobody really wants to save us, because you're not supposed to say bad
things about dead people, but I will anyway.
Unfortunately, in his last few years, he became like a little, like that, with those big
full page ads that he was taking out in newspapers all over the country with his own money,
at least he was spreading the money around, putting in an economy.
Because here's a man who was always a champion of great liberal causes who'd decried what
he called the dumbing down of America right in line with dissecting.
But also who was in favor of censorship because he became an old funny dirty.
Here's a guy that started in the gum, a cutting edge of comedy in television, cutting
edge.
Wild, wacky, irreverent, help like Lenny Bruce.
Now, see, I don't understand that.
How could a guy put Lenny Bruce on the air and be for censorship?
I don't understand any of that.
But I guess as you get a little bit older and your routine starts dribbling down your
chin, sometimes there are, you know.
But anyway, Steve Allen's dead, very, very sad.
And what's even sadder is that Larry last night, you know Larry, with snap of his
suspenders, had a panel of old, old people on there.
I mean, real old.
He had Ed McBane, Carl Reiner, Mike Douglas, who looks like he's been in bomb for 20 years.
And I'm trying to think who else was on there.
And they all, when he brought up the thing with the newspaper ads and just by coincidence,
there was a full page ad, Steve Allen with a censorship thing, white despotism, it's immoral,
so, you know, and naturally they all agreed that it was a great cause and they agreed with him.
And of course, all of these men over the age of 100.
Now, Carl Reiner, I'm really shocked and dismayed at because Carl Reiner being the great
liberal and his son Rob Reiner, lead head, one of the great champions of every liberal
cause that comes down the pike.
And here what they're really doing because they don't want to say anything negative about Steve,
now that he's dead.
Well, Steve Lawrence was also on there.
Number Steve Lawrence?
You don't know who Steve Lawrence is?
I mean, I've heard the name and I probably Steve Lawrence and Eddie were made.
Did you put the two of them together like that?
Does that ring a bell?
Steve and Eddie's bell, huh?
Not too heavy though.
Anybody in this audience know who Steve Lawrence is?
Oh, here's brother, by the way, used to be, I'm sure he must not be anymore.
A handkerchief, his brother, when they elevated, pressed elevator at Carl's street park for years
and years, I don't know if he died.
I think he died.
Pretty sure he died.
Or maybe not.
I don't know.
I think he died.
And he was the elevator operator.
And when he got to the press box, when he had one little press, when he got to the press box,
he said, oh, hey, nail, how are you, Mr. Riders?
I'm Steve Lawrence and said, brother.
Yeah.
He was a nice guy.
I always make a point of time and he was Steve Lawrence's brother.
Oh, what's wrong with that?
Not everybody can be Steve Lawrence's brother.
Running the press elevator at Carl's street park.
Hey, listen, some people just don't like to spread it around.
That's where it goes, Steve.
Well, let's see, we got good news and bad news on the selection.
Come on, first let's take a look at that poll yesterday.
Here's some real good news.
Are you going to vote next Tuesday?
813 people responded.
641 said, are they going to vote next Tuesday?
Yeah!
78.8% in this crowd.
They're voting.
This is the voting crowd.
See, the non-voting crowd, most of them are gone anyway, because they're talking about the same crowd
for weeks on end now.
And you know something to apologize for?
No, I'm glad I'm talking about it.
I'm pleased as punch as you would help me with 6 at P's.
They would say that though.
Please, this punch to be talking about this.
Making a lot of sense.
86 people said, no, no, 10.5%.
They're registered but they're not voting.
And people not registered, also 86.10.5%.
That's pretty good though, almost 80% in this crowd, but you figured they're saying probably under 50% nationwide will be voting again.
And turnout is the key.
That's good at this not the election.
It is tight as a rich's spectrum armpit.
I mean, it's tight.
Now the latest MSNBC, Reuters, Zodby, state tracking polls are very promising for growth.
The National poll was promising for Bush.
Because as of right now, at this moment, the very latest MSNBC poll shows Bush 46,
Greu 41, NATO 4, Buchanan 1, and the Fudge Brown 1.
The independent, I mean, the Libertarian Fudge Gray Brown.
46, 41.
So Greu is actually inching away popular vote nationwide.
But you've got to keep in mind he's ahead in a zillion states, Wyoming, North Dakota, and Oklahoma,
and all of these grotesque places that Rocky Mountain, you know, that thing, that bulk of Yahoo places.
Idaho, Montana.
What else is up to there?
That's about it.
Well, Arizona.
Arizona, where are we right now?
All the right when cracks that they kick out of Orange County, California, they all go to Arizona.
Just ask you on McCain, he'll tell you.
But the statewide polls are coined and this is given the very latest.
I know there's a one LA Times poll on a very suspect that shows Bush 4.0 and Florida, but nobody believes it.
Greu is up 12 points, 51 to 39 in the very latest MSNBC tracking poll.
Illinois, grow up six.
Pennsylvania is up 4 points now after trading by three.
Michigan grow up two, but that one is, I mean, it's razor type.
Wisconsin, up 12, which must mean that some of the native people are coming back home.
In Tennessee, Bush is leading us down to only two points after being up 11 and the goal is going to be this coming weekend.
In the summer state, you try to, try to nail down those Yahoo's in Tennessee.
Get him out of Andy Jackson's cave and say, come out and come into the real world.
It's not being about to be an end of the house.
And I'm looking at the electoral hopes just of those three five states that I just mentioned, forgetting about Tennessee.
Just the Florida Illinois Pennsylvania Michigan Wisconsin, forgetting about Minnesota and Iowa and Arkansas, Washington, Oregon, forgetting about them.
If Groan 1 knows five, Florida Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, he wins the election.
That gives him 280 one electoral hopes, 11 more than he would need.
So there's definitely a possibility that the, see, I think I had it the wrong way.
It looks to me now if we do have a, a disparity between the popular vote and the electoral vote, it looks like Bush could be in the popular vote and grow to a election with the electoral votes.
What do you think about that?
Here's a poll question for today, Eric.
Is Joe Lieberman an asset or liability to Al Gore?
Any of your three choices, asset, that means like a positive, okay, for your idiots out there, is you an asset, a liability or he makes no difference.
Joe Lieberman.
Mr. Needy Mouth, Mr. I'm busy sucking up to everybody I can and they're all living on my streets, they're all my neighbors in Connecticut.
9 minutes after 10 to 5 60 WQM, your flu station for the 90s, by the way, the Panther team, they all the excuse dollars before the game tonight, I'll have the flu, probably a little bit.
That's a flu, plenty of owners, a girls team, but we got the flu, so it was my not, but come on out, we had a lots of room for tonight, 5,500 empty seats.
Wow, that had been better.
Now, that thing about Hank, and I said that I'm here to see no about that yet, was that a secret?
I don't know, I'll find out.
Okay, better not say it then.
Well, we'll just, I'll even call Hank and tell him to turn off the radio if I should know something good.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQM, B.C. Barthouse Group Incorporated.
Get the rover out there, monon!
I just love to see the ducks at the park, but lately I've been suffering from hemorrhoidal itching.
I bought some cream, but the directions weren't clear, where to put it?
I know, I've been suffering from the same problem, and even though the tube has an applicator, I wasn't sure whether to apply it to my front side or my back side.
Ah, crack!
Oh well, I guess I'll just have to call and bother my pharmacist again.
Ah, crack!
The next time you're suffering from hemorrhoidal flare-up, listen to the duck.
Who would know more about their back side?
Gonna duck, because after all, have you ever seen a duck with him, right?
Ah, crack!
1014-560 WQM, so Hank won, uh, what award is it for lifetime achievement award from the...
Who is it?
Air awards.
But what is their name?
Lifetime Air Award achievement, but there's an end.
This is not the women in broadcasting thing, is it?
No, I don't think so.
And if you had waited until we had the information up here, found its way right now.
Well, what do you mean if I were to wait it?
Now we've got almost four hours.
It'll do here, right?
Is it like some kind of an emergency?
I'm sure Hank is already well aware of it.
He isn't Hank aware of it.
I do not know that.
Well, if he's not aware of it, let's hear it from the hump, baby!
I thought I had Hank!
Lifetime achievement, if I think anybody that survives his many years on the ERC,
and I both have been here, should get some kind of recognition, some kind of a special
chosky, something.
Nice going, Hank.
We'll have all of you info.
What did I just have here that I think I had a schmiscane?
Oh, this fact is very interesting.
Because it says contrary to what Al Gorestein said yesterday, and the fact that we did not get that anticipated
and much hopeful call from Larry Flint, who evidently was not out of his temporary coma yet.
It says people who follow the news know that Larry Flint no matter what you think of him
as a perfect record when it comes to exposing the sexual foibles of hypocritical officeholders,
he's never been wrong yet.
That's what this said.
This is off.
Again, it's off the internet, so who knows?
That I just got off the facts machine.
But that being the case, evidently, if there is a substance to that story,
they just weren't able to get to who to spill the beans.
But we got plenty of other stuff.
We got the Boston Blooms story, which broke today, and got away in front of me for a little bit later.
Questions remain on Bush's server as Garb pilot, not just the imagination of Paul Begalla or anybody else.
But these are legitimate questions, and so many people are talking about character and honesty
and integrity all of us other crap.
Well, guess what?
This man.
And then, of course, we've got the great article by Marley Ivens, my very favorite,
in the Aherobothed page this morning.
About Bush and the hate crime bureau.
And then we'll all also be dead before we're done.
Lots of meetings with my bad shirt today.
And about the real reason that they didn't want the Republicans in Bush in particular
refused to sign the hate crime bill in Texas, was because it include gauge and lesbians.
So many fags out there, all you log cabin Republicans, you better put your long way next Tuesday.
For least the long enough to punch the thing for worse.
Because the vote for Bush is the vote for yourself destruction.
I'm telling you that right now, we do want to believe you're not.
Here's the lady in Miami Beach. Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Did I hear you say that Bob Holt is dead too?
Because you told a thanks to the memory, which is Bob Holt's fault.
Yeah.
Instead of this could be the start of something you would see Alan.
Have you been sleeping for Bob Holt died some time ago?
Where? How long ago?
How many weeks ago was that, Joe?
How many weeks ago did Bob Holt die?
Oh, I have no idea.
A couple months?
Oh, no, no. I didn't know that.
I was just a few games before a lot, but I thought that newspapers or television was up there.
You saw any pictures of him the last year or two that he was living, I'm sure you would agree with me.
Well, I've been seeing more than a lot of them.
I didn't know he actually kept the money.
He and Steve Allen are going to take care of him now.
Oh!
I had a check and fly down.
They're taking care of him.
They're taking him to a big, new screen in the sky.
Yeah, okay.
Anyway, Steve Allen's major film was, you know, this could be the start of something.
You know, they have wrote that.
But yes, he did.
Anyway, thank you for the information.
I hope you like something out of the country.
I hope that you know Steve Lawrence and Eddie Gourmet.
I know of them. I don't know the person.
I don't mean personally, but you know who they are.
I absolutely.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Okay, thank you.
See, you got to be ordered like us, Joe, since my birthday is coming on Sunday.
I'm going to be 58.
Oh, I'm approaching the big 60.
Don't worry, I'm getting there.
Oh, yeah.
I'm working on a punk.
The march of, oh, the march of dimes.
The march of freaking dimes.
I don't understand.
How come we still have a march of dimes?
Do we still have polio?
No.
Not very much.
Isn't that what the march of dimes was for as for polio?
I thought it was for like muscular dystrophy.
No, of course not.
That's, uh, that's, uh, Jerry's kids.
Well, that's, no.
Anyway, the march of dimes in its broader galleries are pleased to announce that, hey,
great bird.
Hey, stupid.
Is it a recipient of this year's Excellence in Radio Award?
Mr. Goldberg will be recognized for his honor.
This honor, with a 2000 South Florida Cuban Radio Awards being held at the short near for
Hoclo and Gignia, December 5, 2000.
Previous recipients of this honor include Bob Gigner of Miami-Dade Public School.
Anybody over here?
No, I heard a Gleroginger.
Rick Shaw.
Ha, ha, ha!
Good air Rick Shaw.
That's his lesson right now.
Good life.
I am not, I'm not free.
I've got of magic FM and of course, formally of laxie and formally of QAN, many, many, many, many, many years ago, about 70, 80 years ago.
And like I said, Rick, wash that cap, please.
It's starting to walk around on its own.
Jerry Russian of WEDR, he be the best.
Robert W. Walker of Walker of Fitzgibbon and David Ross of Clear Channel Broadcast.
After we were going along, okay, till we got to David Ross.
And I'm sure Hank is probably embarrassed to be lumped into a group that includes David Ross of Cheat Channel Broadcast.
The air award sponsored by the Ford Motor Company.
Well, I drive a Ford Motor Company.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, oh.
Associated press, arbitron, metro network shadow broadcasting, Westwood one is a broadcast competition.
That seeks to recognize excellence in local radio, which is the medium created with establishing the name.
What is it?
The name of the March of Dines.
I don't understand that.
In the late 1930s, Eddie Cantor.
Remember Eddie Cantor?
Of course you don't.
So George got no idea who that is.
Eddie Cantor, radio announcer and friend of President Roosevelt made appeals on National Radio for Merkins to send their dines in the White House to help find a cure for polio.
See, I told you this, Marty Pants.
In just nine days, millions of dimes poured in, Compton Cantor to call a virtual March of Dines.
In addition to honoring Mr. Goldberg, categories for 2000 include Best Morning Music Show, Best Student Talent, Best Station Event,
Best Commercial Spot Pione Agency, Best Newscaster, or that's got to go to Robert's name, really more press.
Yeah, Best Newscaster, and Best Sports Coverage, Best Public Service announcement and many more.
I think it'd be funny if a best producer went to like Pat for the morning show.
I bet you'd go with the Christophe about that.
Yeah, it was funny because Gwok came back from vacation this morning, first thing he encounters in the hall.
Because I heard him screaming out there.
It's a fight, grab it's a fight.
Because Pat the morning producer and Joe Rose will hate each other like poison or screaming and carrying on almost at the end of the verge of blows in the hallway.
If I can say that, no, almost at the verge of pisticos, which wouldn't be a very thorough fight in China's off.
Joe Rose is seven foot five and Pat's about coming up to his knee, to his kneecap.
Check it in the knee Pat.
So I guess in addition to your great bestaying for, I don't want to say it.
I sure get upset.
Carlos.
By the way, speaking of Carlos, I understand she would dress up for Halloween last night but nobody could tell.
But anyway, in addition to Joe Costello's tremendous bestaying for poor Carlos, which is on an awful morning show on power.
I mean, that great morning show on power 96.
I guess he also is a star that developed by great bestaying for Joe Rose too.
I see this how you're pretty tight with Pat.
That's along those wheels where you can't be neutral.
They have to be on one side or the other.
I can be neutral.
But I don't mind a little dog. He saw it.
They interviewed a race guy tonight.
That's the only reason you're saying that.
And I remember to tell him what a bad interview it was.
I was okay.
Was it okay?
Joe Rose is like very good at how he was doing with the ladies, the dance time, how you doing the lounge.
I don't know.
But the question that bothers me so much is the way he says it.
How you doing with the ladies?
Oh, just, oh.
He asked me, I came in this morning.
He and Bufo were sitting on their acting with their 20 minute commercial breaks in there.
He asked me that.
How you doing with the ladies?
And it just made my skin crawl.
So anyway, March of Dimes, I don't, I have no idea what they're still around.
I talked to him in the soft.
I didn't have the polar of vaccine.
They were pretty much eliminate polar.
I think so.
But you know, they got to do something, I guess, so they're giving out radio awards.
And let's hear it for Big Fat Hank, okay?
Hi!
You got it, Erhumper.
I'm sure he's probably doing the course of his career, but I don't understand.
I was going to say probably had awards that were more significant.
You know what I'm saying?
And before we finished, we'll encounter things that are more meaningful than the March of Dimes'
Air Awards, the Hot Air Awards.
But hey, it's Hempath.
Hempath is put on your resume.
Here's a mobile on Hollywood, hello?
Oh, yeah, I know you.
Hank?
Just kidding, you know.
Listen, I want to make a...
What about you?
You're supposed to congratulate me on my award then.
Oh, congratulations, sir.
I need a war.
Thank you so much.
I want to say a factual statement to all the women listeners out there.
Yes, but they ought to understand what is happening in this election.
As a reason why George Bush is avoiding the abortion issue in all talks.
Because it is a hard, vulnerable platform.
Yes.
It is part of that platform and make no mistake about it, women.
If you vote for George Bush, you are now competing to men that you can no longer decide what is best for yourself,
that men are now going to have to make the decisions for you, because you are decided that you cannot make those decisions for yourself.
Those who ain't supposed to vote for Bush.
You're turning your body over to Bush.
That's right.
It is a vote for saying men are superior-minded than you.
That is what you are saying women understand that clearly and concisely.
And a vote for nature is a vote for Bush.
A vote for Bush is a vote for stupidity.
And I say, no.
Well said, sir.
Nice going.
He's a little worked up.
Bob Hope is still alive.
Who told you that?
I called Eric.
He had him do a research project on the net.
Bob Hope is still alive.
I would swear they died.
I thought so too.
Bob Hope is still alive.
Come on.
Eric's going to fax you some information in a moment.
Did I just dream it?
I remember him being very close.
Right on the edge.
Right on the edge.
And I remember that book about, did that bit that I played at the beginning of the show today just when it looked like it was going to come on.
He's dead.
Bob Hope is still alive.
He's 174 years old.
He looks like he's been for the last 20 years.
He's got a new ear growing where his nose used to be.
That's Kino.
He's got an ear there now.
Probably ate too much of that genetically grown corn.
That's the problem.
Yeah.
That's what's going to start happening when you people start having babies out there.
And you're going to wind up with an ear grown out of their forehead and extra fingers growing out of their neck.
Correct him.
EDMAL Gabel and Straw entrails today.
Using ihrer Tommy Funkouna collaborators.
She was probably going to happen to find Moses, they both originally thought Lord HAID was this way right?
Sometimes there were some come Roger, but especially Speak Wood, Teresa Oilman and Ken Dina in Texas.
So did your wife Bet Ц, Stein Dey.
always need a spell no matter what it is. If somebody's got a bad bowel movement it's
my fault. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? All right. Okay.
One of your many black listeners. Yes, sir. Okay. I work at a retirement residence.
And a lot of my, hello. Yes. And a lot of our residents get a lot of absentee ballots.
And most of them can't see you. Right. So what do you think I should do? I think you should
give them, lend them a helping hand. I think I should punch that. I think you should
punch that girl who. Oh, you think? You have a choice. You can punch the girl or the
asshole. Well, I'm not going to call us to me back. Go ahead. Jeff Gardner. You're a
rich. You're a corn soup. Okay. Get out of here. Girl, punch winning bad, punching
out. Darky. 5.6.7.0.5.60. Pound for Bob Hope is still alive. I was sworn he was dead.
Some guy just said he just had a birthday and they killed him out and he waved. Get out
of here. He waved. He was right on the very edge. Don't you remember? The man is 105 years
old or something. 305. And he's still alive. But he's been in the downcrowly on it. Yeah,
we hit him with five shots and he's still alive. And Bob Hope still alive. I can't, I just
am shocked. I'm in total shock. Look as I played the bid and I'm taking him myself.
Let's just show how easy I'm influenced. 27 after 10 to 5.60 WQ and W. Rick Weaver with
that dolphin broadcast this weekend. That's really one of 5.60 WQ and I'll pull so far
as Joe Lieberman and S set all I build the Elvore. Oh, he's still on town. By the way,
if Joe Lieberman's listening, even the asshole. Yeah, you make me sick. Do Lieberman.
And I'm a lot more Jewish than you. I mean, I'm going to have a lot more kiss you than
you're living. Mr. Without walking around with that without my sleeve. There's nothing
worse than a guy walking around with kissy. Honestly, anyway, 54 votes. 21 say he's a liability.
21 say he makes no difference and only 12 say he's an ass set. I guess if I were to put
an ass hole, I guess that would have won. But we already did that one before. That would
have probably been the way to do it. Asset or asshole. But we'll just keep it the way it
is. Let's try to keep it on the up and up here and make it look like it will be as respectable
here. He won't think about this show. We don't want any awards for anybody because this
is not a respectable show and Steve Allen would not have liked this show. Too bad. He's
dead. Now Bob Hope. I don't know if he liked the show. I probably maybe if somebody told
him what I'm saying. Now somebody told me he's 89. He's got to be more than if he's 89.
He's the worst looking 89. I've ever seen my life. He could pass easy for mothus. He's got
to be over 100. Well, someone called me steady 89. But Eric left it up and said he was
born in 1905, which would make him 95. Right. Yeah. That's more like it. I knew he's close
to 100. Now George Burns is dead. He's still dead. But he was around 100. Wasn't it? Didn't
he? I believe 101 maybe. Yeah. And even at 101, he low-wow course is 25 or 6 years difference.
But Bob Hope of course. He made all those long trips. You know, and he's at the
troops that I must have been more than it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes,
sir. Yeah. I want to see. Who's going to go through? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and
provides the wireless line. Go back into box. We'll go right back to the cock fights. Get
out of our face. Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Yes,
sir. Can you hear me? I hear you. I'm right here on my cell phone. Okay. I hear you. And
what is it, sir? Speak. Neil. Yes. Did you hear me? I'm sitting out. Okay. I'm
sitting out. Oh, that one. I want to be Bob Hope. He's older now. He was actually born in 1903.
He's getting older by the minute. He found the information new-passing on. So now he's 97. By
11 o'clock, he's going to be 130. And by noon, he may be. Oh, I don't want to sit. I don't want to
get him a canary as they say. Here's called spring. Hello. Yeah, I was going to say he was
in the 97 and 98. Yeah. He just had a birthday in Palm Springs and they had a big party.
He's dead. Come on, new people. This is like wiping from the back of his front. You people
are dead. He had a big party in which he sort of attended. They wheeled him out in his
wheeled chair. Yeah. His wife was dabbling drool from him. And he kind of looked out at the
crowd. You could see like they had no idea where he was or anything like that. He couldn't
speak. He's just he's come a geriatric invulet. But he's got a lot of money and they can keep him
alive. That's great. Some of somebody's paying for it. By the way, you know, it looks like
brown and pound each county. I could have took this state for a gore. Let me say it again.
Gore is up by 12 points in Florida. The latest MSNBC's out of the pool is up by 12.
51 to 39 points. And I would say to all of the bush supporters out there. What does it tell
you when his own brother is lukewarm form? You know, Jeff didn't even campaign for his brother.
His own brother is more lukewarm than Bob Hope. God yeah. Okay. Have a great day. Oh, and
somebody's faxing me to complete bush. I wish you wouldn't waste all of my fax paper. But I guess you're going to
do anything because they've already got all these. I've got more guy than bush. Isn't there
you shake your damn thing at? 13 pages. He's faxing me of this direct. Anyway, getting to
something important questions remain on Bush's service as guard pilot. This in the
Boston Globe today provides president Al Gore the character issue was like chewing gum stuck
to the soul of the shoe. Hardly a day passes without Republican challenging gores
characters, especially his story tendency to embellish facts. With Democrats are crying,
crying foul saying that Bush is overstated his own record with far less political
consequence. He literally they're calling it tension with looting claims Bush and his
campaign have made about his Vietnam era service as a fighter pilot with the Texas Air
National Guard and documents that contradict Bush's insistence that he attended required
bills in Alabama and Texas in 1972 and 1973. Five months after the Globe first reported
those discrepancies, Bush's biography on his presidential campaign, website remained unchanged,
stating that he served as pilot in the Texas Guard from 1968 to 1973. In fact, Bush only
flew with 100 of the pilot in the subject squadron, Ellen can feel on Houston from June 1970
until April of 1972 that month he ceased flying altogether three years before his military
commiminated an unusual step that has left some veteran fighter pilots puzzled. In Alabama,
a group of Vietnam veterans recently offered a thousand dollar reward for anyone who
could verify Bush's claim that he performed service at a Montgomery Air Guard unit in 1972
when Bush was temporarily in Alabama working on a political campaign. So far, nobody has
come forward to be word as now up to $3,500. Still nobody has come forward.
What's more, Bush campaign's Bush been acknowledged last week that he knows of no witnesses
who can attest to Bush's attendance at drills after he returned to Houston late 1972
and before his early release from the Guard in September 1973. I could read the whole thing
but it's too long. But some of the important points, the evidence is strong that political
influence got pushed into the guard when the alternative was the draft or an enlistment.
The mystery is whether political crowd accounts for Bush's abbreviated career as a guard pilot.
The official record that chronologically list Bush's service includes no evidence of service
between May of 1972 and October 1 of 1973, the official date of his discharge.
He was kind of wandering around on a drunken whatever he was doing.
And this is the man who's talking about character and honesty and integrity who's also got him
in the custody of these problems which we really know part of and the rest of you
choose to answer the question. That character and integrity and honesty. No, I don't think so.
And then we'll get to Molly Evans article two about more lives, about the hate crimes,
bill and taxes which in the first debate, first he said that they did pass it with his help
and all we do have a lot, terms that a lot they do have is a watered down legal law
that they were barely able to get to the legislative there, but governor and Richard was in.
Long before he became governor.
We'll get to that for this good upstanding pose though.
22 before 11 to 5, 60 WQM.
Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride
when Fox presents Wengew the Tech sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC
where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white meat, white wings and only 29.95 Wengew the Tech.
Tonight on Fox.
10.42. So we just double check Bobhook still is alive and Joe Roastle is an asshole.
He's got a big heart on well that's beside the point. So what are we getting for us today?
I shouldn't have said that like that was bad, bad timing. What are we doing for lunch?
I'm ready, whatever you want. I am too. I gotta have something to do.
Now how's it go? Starver Fever, feeder cold.
Isn't that how it goes?
Fever cold starver fever. I don't know.
Well if not, I'd like it that way.
Well if I had a fever I'd say feeder fever.
Yeah, feeder cold starver, you never heard that. You know who Steve Lawrence is?
And you never heard Fever cold starver fever.
No, I've heard that. There's a ton of those though. You're supposed to sweat out of cold.
You're supposed to do all that crap. I'm not talking about that.
I don't know what I'm talking about in terms of food. In terms of rationalizing why we're eating.
Because feeding cold. No, you're hungry. I've got a cold and I've all slept up.
And if you eat it like opens up all the past out your, like George W says, your nasor passages.
They call it chef.
Yeah, call up ponytail. So if he, well he knows about nasor passages.
No, he knows about that too.
Now he takes too long, doesn't he?
Not if he's got his motorcycle.
Okay, he's not riding a vest bar. I hope George, you know what George will think about that.
He's gay. Only nearly Cohen rides a vest bar.
5.6705.60.
05.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one.
I'm going to link with him here today with a set called the web power and right ahead baby.
90 votes in our poll is Joe Lieberman asset or liability algorithm.
39 say liability. 29. No difference.
22 would say asset means we got 22 old Jews out there.
Oh, that must be what that is.
Because nobody with a brain in their head would say is an asset.
I'll say it again, you know, they keep changing.
He's in the lock box somewhere. They got him shut up as tight as a drum.
You don't see hide or hear him.
But Lieberman air the impact he was on last night after this big tribute to Steve Allen on the king,
my sir. Here we go. Would you Lieberman again?
Again, oh, I love you Larry.
I love you and your family and happy your suitcase.
And oh, it was pathetic.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
We are a couple things from North Carolina from I believe well, the top school in this country.
He got a jail. He got a gentleman.
He's out of Venezuela.
No, he did not flock out from anywhere.
We're up through that yesterday.
So you'll be propaganda again. Here we go.
He graduated from New York, one of the top schools in the country.
He got a gentleman. See they ease them to just like they ease them to the military and he vanished for a year.
Just like they ease them into the ownership of the Texas Rangers after we failed in the oil business.
Just keep reinventing the truth.
So just keep a reality handle the thing with the with grow and vatability dropped out to a to go into Congress to run for Congress.
You don't know what you're talking about, but just keep reading from those propaganda sheets that they keep sending out in the mail.
That's why these calls the atomic we have an echo on the phone.
And how can we didn't tell us about grow wanting to repeal the second member while you're at it too? I'm sure you have that literature as well.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, my lord and savior. How are you?
I'm okay, sir. Good. Good. Listen, I'm leaving this peninsula for a better one tomorrow.
Yes. My international tomorrow at five, flying into the realm.
Three.
You there for 17 days.
Probably do more on one for all the part.
Just want to let you know too. We are actually the current vote in Florida is one mill.
I called out and let them know there's going to be out of town and they allowed me to vote early.
So boys, that one nothing. All right.
So there you go. Let me ask you a Wednesday.
Have you ever done the mass with the Pope on Wednesday?
No, I don't. So anyway, we need the Pope.
Well, I think it's kind of cute seeing old guy in a dress.
So I like to do that. You have to go to Vatican to see old guys in the dressing room.
We'll see if you get you at a good pound in it all over on that.
They are. All right.
I will miss you, but not much else. I don't like to stuck around for a shameless request,
but I could use a duck job before I leave.
Okay. Bonacere.
Later.
Okay.
Yes.
You want that knee fall thing from Jeff?
Sure. Whatever he wants to bring. What happened to his glove button?
Great read.
What is it?
A money for NATO now.
Yeah. The hell you are.
Lock him in the building next Tuesday and don't let his ass out of here.
I don't trust him. He's too wishing washer. You know him.
What do we got together? Waiters and the tickets for what?
For what?
For the pants that I had any interest in.
No, no, no.
Oh, look at my way on the glass.
Sure. That's great.
Why play? Let's go.
Panties are they hotter?
What?
Oh, they're in first place in the division.
That's all we care about.
They're in first place.
They got a win. They got one win.
They're in the girls division.
Like I said yesterday, there's going to be an asterisk next to everything in that division.
What?
What is that?
Oh, you're taking him?
No, he says I can't have him.
It's for the audience.
Okay.
Well, you can get out.
First of all, you don't want to sit in the front row.
They're the worst seats in the house.
I mean, they are.
You can't see anything.
You want to put a, but there's a whip lash.
And you can get tickets anytime you want.
All you got to do is call up our good friends, Steve Dangerfield or my cancels.
But if they take care of you, I've never used that option.
But, well, they told you that time.
They will take care of you.
Believe me.
Just give them the code.
In fact, I'm going to go there and give both a big gift tonight and give them my code.
That may get rid of it.
Oh, seriously?
You can get in there.
We got a pair of tickets right up against the glass.
What section is it?
111 again?
133.
133.
Whatever it is.
Right on the glass.
And then, you don't have to worry about it.
You have plenty of elbow room.
Very sad.
I'm not really worried.
Of course, the guys are all elastic.
Hover's got a code.
They'll be playing.
They'll be playing.
They'll be playing.
They'll be playing.
I don't know why.
You could have a broken leg and he's going to be playing because for $10 a year, waiting
and taking no for an answer.
Got it?
Pavlov?
Got a too much screwing around, sweetheart.
Too much running naked on the beach with Ray Whitney.
I sure hope that River don't come up with any foul language on that broadcast of him.
Here's Corgable.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Regarding George Bunt, I'm afraid he didn't make it to 100.
Oh, no.
Yes, he passed away two weeks before his 100th birthday.
Oh, hey, when that happens.
You remember that he was supposed to have a party in England at the plateium?
Didn't have it.
Didn't have it.
And I got to tell you, the reason he passed away was he didn't get a flu shot.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
Oh, and speaking of flu shots, they were showing over, I guess I saw it on CNN over the weekend in the airport.
They raised the price way up because there's a shortage of flu vaccine.
So they jacked the price way up this year.
Isn't that nice?
That's helped here in America for you.
Yeah, well, I was over at one of the markets and they had a sign there saying they were going to have to raise the price.
Yeah.
And something to what you say.
A lot more things.
You know, it's the unthinkable happens and Mr. Bush does get elected.
Oh, yeah.
You mentioned yesterday, eight years.
I would venture to guess we're talking more like 16 because if George Bush gets in,
can he have a French jet before behind?
It can be, there's behind.
I don't think you have to get like a dog catcher anymore.
I think people are on to him.
Anyway, that's all.
I'm out of material.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Whatever you said.
So George Burns did make it to 100 or 200 on that.
Let's get the buzzer.
Bob Hope didn't die yet.
What else?
Well, I want to speak here today.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
I'm a big man.
I can handle it.
Like I said, I'm an emotional cripple.
I can't stand it.
5, 6, 7.
How about those hockey tickets?
Any interest at all?
The islanders, most guests in New York are out there.
Hey, they don't have any fans in New York.
How can you expect them to have any here?
They don't drop flies there on long Island.
Here's the lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Nia.
I found an article about why you and I and all people were confused about Bob's hope theft.
Yes, it's easier.
It's true.
This isn't a lady.
No, no, no.
Well, it says on here, lady in Kendall.
So, if I said I'll call you a lady, I'd come down here and punch his lights out if I were you when we're done with a call.
Oh, you sure?
Anyway, this is here.
And Associated Press article being prepared in the event of the death of Bob Hope was inadvertently displayed of a new service website Friday on June 5th, 1998.
Oh, that's right.
Now I remember this.
Yeah, it goes.
The most fascinating congressman who wrote in three announced his death on the floor of the house.
House majority leader, Dick Armies saw a copy of the eight-pinch and that story handed it to representative Bob Stubb of Arizona and asked him to announce Hope's death on the house floor.
Look at Bob.
Yeah.
Some announcements brought chance live on C-SPAN became the basis for urban user organizations reporting that hope had died.
When it was announced a few minutes later that the 95 year old, so now we know how old he is now.
Hope was alive and in fact was having breakfast at his home in California.
Army and stump apologize to folks to family.
The AP removed the article from its website after a staff person notices.
However, stump had already made his announcement.
This is kind of funny how the name is ironic, right?
Yeah, sure is.
Then it says AP like other news organizations prepared the victories of the libraries so coffee can be moved quickly when they die.
AP's on-time Hollywood correspondent Bob Thomas who has known Hope for decades called the family to apologize on behalf of the AP for the Iranian support.
Hope's daughter Linda said it has happened before and they have been able to do it every day.
And they were used to it and said so far they had a good laugh about it.
Are you thinking of it good?
Oh, you know something now that you tell me this.
I remember reading about this in the tabloids.
They showed him lying there on the gurl, like with the equipment and laughing about it.
I thought he was dead too.
I thought it was dead like 20 years ago to be honest.
Exactly.
If not, I'll strain you out now.
About here in St. Joe Castello out.
Oh, yeah.
How nice they need you.
Thank you.
Lady in candle.
What is with you, mate?
You just threw off your food.
I think you better eat a little bit extra today.
He sounded quite feminine.
Did not sound to know how to not sound feminine.
He did not sound like a lady.
I should have asked him how he's doing with a lady.
He didn't sound feminine.
Now you're making it even worse.
He didn't sound feminine.
Oh, I see it's that whole real thing.
He was a whole real.
So what's wrong with that?
That doesn't mean he's feminine.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
Are they ever going to loosen them up?
Well, not as rough as back here.
Maybe he'll do something, although I doubt it.
But now that he's back, although he was screaming this morning,
well, it's a fight.
It's a fight.
Get off your stuff.
Yeah.
So where's somebody engineering?
Get line 5 fixed down here.
I mean, we're smoking on his phone here lately because we got the election.
There's only six days away.
That's a lot of it.
You silly person.
I forgot to show that the pictures of the rude device are going to answer them.
They're all up here today.
But then I just don't.
I don't have to show them the pictures because he's already been there.
He already been seen these places.
From the outside of course.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Where are we with me on the phone here?
Yeah, right.
How are you doing there?
You started out as much like where are we with me as I do?
I just wanted to check in and say hi.
Yeah.
We're going to have a party.
Who else would you like to be there?
So how about Bob Hope?
Bob Hope?
Yeah, would you like to be Bob Hope?
No.
Okay.
Actually, five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, and eight, and eight, and eight, and eight,
and four, I guess what?
How?
A way with me is a friend of mine.
I know a way with me.
You ain't no way with me.
Okay?
God.
That's just the reason I was much like a way with me is when he more tears sounds like way with me.
The way we're going today though.
No, but that believe me, I'm not wrong on that one.
For a little guy, we're going to get a big ball.
He must be hung like a moose.
I mean, he must have the balls of an elephant, a great fadick.
Is that just a stereotype that guys with real deep voices have big balls?
Is that a stereotype or is that true?
I don't know.
Well, we don't have anybody in this building.
It's got a big deep booming voice.
A great fadick over there at IOD and the old days over there at Cox, if I can say that.
He probably does.
Not that I would care, but I'm just assuming.
Where do that stereotype come from?
Well, that's the big ball of voice, you see?
Right?
Thanks a lot, Ray.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, a high meal.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, you know that guy when he did come on here, a high nasal voice.
And at first I did think it was a deep voice keeping woman's gentle.
And then the more you talk, the more you sound like a guy.
The more, well, maybe the word he was like sitting in a bad position in the beginning.
Yeah, the nasality.
He might have been resting on his laurels or something.
But anyway, I did think that George Burns lived to cut with A's after he's on his birthday.
I remember reading about that.
Uh-oh.
And he laughed just like a few days afterwards and then he kicked off.
Well, I guess we all owe this to Steve Allen for dying yesterday.
So he's going to hate the bait, you know, the...
Yeah, I'm going to do this, Sam.
Because he was really, I think he was a genius.
He was a genius.
He was the funniest man who was ever on television, but I'm not going to miss him because, like I said before,
and he's closing a couple of years, he went off to deep end.
He lost it.
Well, you know, he was the old guard and he's got the better job of how television's changed.
Yeah, but he was a great limber, though.
He was an innovator.
He was cutting A's and one of the closest they are thinking about him.
Here it is.
He says, even as early as 1980, Mr. Allen complained that TV comedies were too far too dirty for his pace.
Now that's the old funny buddy attitude to take him.
Well, don't you think so, that the old comedian always said, you know,
you resort to blue material when you're at a good material?
No, that...
For example, last night one of the people they had on the phone was Don Rickles, who was very funny as usual.
Right.
I'm Larry King when they had this panelist to you.
Absolutely.
And he...
And I noticed that he didn't mention that he didn't bring up this topic till after he's posted Don Rickles,
because if he were to mention the thing about this campaign that had cleaned up TV,
Rickles would have probably told Larry to f-off or something like that, you know, so...
Well, not...
Anyway, it doesn't matter because he was great when you got...
He was the best.
Yeah, he was the best.
And it's funny that they said, you know, he paved the way for Johnny Carson and all of them.
And nobody mentioned on TV that Jack Potter was right up there.
They mentioned...
They mentioned him last night.
They did finally?
Yeah.
I don't know if it's funny.
He was like, blackball because I haven't heard his name.
Oh yeah, Jack Potter was the last...
Johnny Carson never said anything funny in his life.
I never knew what that was all about.
Jack Potter was great.
Right.
Jack Henry Carson was a good TV politician.
That's why he stayed as long as he did.
He must have really...
He knew it was the right people, too.
Yeah.
Yeah, he must have bought a lot of booze for Edmundsman.
Exactly.
And had a great taste with us.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Steve-O.
And they showed some of the clips to the sportscasters skip they do where he would be.
When he cracked up, you would be on the floor just taking your pants because he was legitimately cracking up.
It wasn't fake.
I mean, there's nothing worse than somebody laughing and it's fake, like...
Yeah.
Or even better ones.
Yeah.
Those are...
Why?
How you doing, Karen?
I had one in my mouth, one.
That's 57 to 56, QM.
430-0560-WD-Q-A-F-I-M-E-Port-Lutterdale, a measly bloodcast groupstates hand W-A-M-D-C-A-M dot com.
Or a liver.
When you go to the closing statements, that's a person worth a penny.
It's one of my top priorities, Jim, to give every single child in the United States handguns that are so widely available that kids are finding a way to get a hold of them.
I'm a grandfather now.
I want to be able to throw my grandson, but we were violent and unpredictable.
I'll do whatever is necessary if I'm present to make sure that it stays that way.
And I ask for your support.
I want to have a new commander in chief who will lend money to corrupt officials.
And to make sure our society is as hopeful as it possibly can be, every single child in America must be put to death.
I mean, every child.
We can close public schools and a hard-hearted person.
And I don't care about children.
You feel that as a failure of a children's administration?
I do.
I do.
It's 11-11-560-122.
I'm sorry. I need my Molly Ivans rights.
And I don't want to hear any more of your crap.
All you redneck with your crap about Molly Ivans.
She's great.
Governor Bush and hate crime bills.
This isn't the only op-ed page in the Herald this morning.
A dramatic new political ad reminding viewers of the dragging death of James Verr Jr. in the in Jasper two years ago has the Bush campaign in the world smit.
The announcing the ad is utterly disgusting.
Words hide his death attracted the nation's media to East Texas.
The case in reaction to it will much examine as was the later case of Matthew Shepherd, the young gay man who was last to offensive Wyoming.
At the beginning of the 1999 session of the state legislature, the Black Brown and gay communities were demanding a hate crimes bill.
An issue had to be addressed by Governor George W. Bush.
He said he opposed the bill because all crimes are hate crimes.
The House sponsor, Representative Son Fonig at Thompson, in one of the final speeches of her career made a direct rebuttal, is cashing a bad check a hate crime, is insurance for out of hate crime.
The House after an impressive debate passed the James Verr Jr. moral hate crimes bill, 83 to 61, and a look at those something good will actually come out of the racist murder.
Bush said he would consider the bill if the Senate passed it, and then he said to work to keep it bottled up in the committee in the Senate.
Because the media followed the bill closely, there was no doubt about what happened.
As Senate sponsor Rodney Elleset, the bill was struck in the Criminal Justice Committee because committee Republicans could not accept gays and lesbian as a special category.
This was not the, let's not embarrass the governor session, and Bush's political problem was simple.
He was about to run for the nomination of a party in which the Christian White voters make up about a third of the Republican primary vote.
He could not afford to be associated with the bill that could be interpreted as giving special rights to gays.
The bill was desperately needed to reassure minority communities that the state cares about what happens to them.
During intense lobbying on the bill, Renee Mullins, the bird's daughter traveled from Hawaii, or her husband is stationed at a military base, testified before they legislate to meet with the governor.
Nice type of.
The Senate judiciary heard her, but the governor refused to meet with her.
Mullins called U.S. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, the other Republican state official, to attend Bird's funeral to ask for help.
Hutchison and Thompson persuaded Bush to meet Mullins that according to several sources present, it was a most uncomfortable meeting.
Bush seemed especially uncomfortable.
It began with Mullins asking why he opposed the bill, and he said he hadn't read it.
Mullins gave him a copy and he chewed on his desk.
At the end, Mullins asked, will you help us? Bush said, no, no.
According to Diane Hardigar, she allowed us for the lesbian and gay political caucus. Mullins was crying, and he didn't try to console her, even offer her a clean act.
She was called an icy to her. This is confirmed by Thompson and others who were in the meeting.
This doubtlessly accounts for Mullins' voice and not controversial ad saying that when Bush refused to help pass the bill, it was like, reliving my father's murder all over again.
To put it mildly, Bush did not feel Mullins' pain.
When the Republicans finally voted to kill the bill after a caucus meeting with Bush's staffer, Democrats walked out.
They held a play in at the Capitol, or Punda, and shut down the Senate during 10 hours of negotiations on the bill.
More than 200 bills were killed during the standoff, and it remarkable level of personal animosity was achieved.
It was an incredibly bitter fight, and Bush's subsequent effort to claim that he had sided with moderate Republicans on the bill, embarrassed his own supporters, this is the background of the ad.
When Bush disingeniously claimed during the third debate that the set of Texas had the hate crimes bill, he was deliberately ignoring his entire history, and referring to the weak, essentially meaningless law that was all that could be passed under Governor Anne Richards.
It's hard for me to tell whether Bush actually believes the things he keeps claiming about Texas, right? Molly, Ivan, Zinnia, Peter, and the hero, but I...
I just go on Molly. Don't confuse them with the facts though.
Here's for Waterdale, hello.
This is the Gila Foo.
Oh, how you doing?
I'm glad I did.
Sir, it's the guard on the phone here.
Yes, sir.
How's he going, A?
It's good.
It's good.
I think there's Steve Warrens and Eddie Gila May.
Don't be able to go on the phone.
How's Warrens' A&E?
Gini.
Good, good, Bob.
Here's Maurice de Rocker-Rachard.
He's still dead, though, I guess.
I guess that's enough, huh?
Oh, we've got to check on that.
I'm not sure.
Pretty sure he's dead.
Yes, sir.
It's thinking of Steve Warrens and Eddie Gila May.
Yes.
Did you know that Neil Sudaca and Eddie Gila May were first cousins?
How do you like that?
Just an FYI, nothing else to talk about.
Well, that's right.
Neil Sudaca, it was when I was out in Vegas losing my ass here a couple weeks ago.
Neil Sudaca was playing at one of those joint talks there.
Actually last year I saw him in concert up there at FIU.
Yeah.
And he was excellent.
I put on two hours non-stop and he's really good.
I like Neil Sudaca.
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, I do look classical in the whole bit.
And he said, I'm sure you all know my first cousin.
He got scared or licked him.
And that's Eddie Gila May.
How do you like that?
And they're of Turkish descent.
And don't think about Neil Sudaca.
Yeah, they're alive, you know?
That's correct.
Yeah, Bruce.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks for the memories.
Yeah, let's reminisce.
Let's be real old, okay, and start reminiscing.
They had Louis Nye on there and Don Knox, Pat Harrington, Tom Poston, all those are of
sorts.
560, 0560, 0560 on the 18th and Verizon Wireless Line.
I mean, will we start getting factions about Eddie Cantor?
What work did you run?
Eddie Cantor and the Ida.
Anybody in the audience remember Eddie Cantor?
No.
Beside my mother.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Okay, that's okay.
I'm realized that's okay.
You're about to go on the Wellesink
coating睡.
Not glasses.
ced.
Not glasses.
But you golf room.
Your golf room.
I don't believe it.
Tina, my daughter dear, you talk too much, your jaw must be hurting.
There be nothing to hear if I was there that much is certain.
So big deal. I made some calls.
We wanted to elect JAPK.
And how did I do this?
I did it the mile way.
You know I'm out of view, right?
Junior is one.
I have a pension.
And now Tina makes it two.
She still got beans.
I'm out of the election.
I call Sam Kimcona.
Make sure he wins on election day.
And how did I do this?
I did it the mile way.
You got a problem with that?
I didn't think so.
And if anybody has anything else to say, you'll be meeting me a lot sooner.
God be shh.
2014 is 560 WQMS. He's still dead.
Oh man, you got to double check on every one of these.
Just when you think you got him out of the way and then you make a comeback like Bob Fickin' Hope.
I don't know.
I'm torn on that one.
Although I do remember in the cabloids reading the thing about how he was amused at the preliminary et cetera.
I mean every second of every day.
Here's the fact from Robb.
That's what I believe he was wrong about the islander.
He's not drawing flies.
That's what all crap draws flies.
Well guess what Robb.
And Captain Sylvain.
Even the flies won't touch it.
Honey, like that.
Here's the call from Tampa.
Hello.
I think one of the reasons that Gorris Poin are out of Florida is because the folks and all the folks in South Florida who have been conquered by the Jebler.
Yeah.
This is their one chance to really hurt Jebler.
Yeah, the conquered people are sure about it.
That's good.
Go in there and vote for Gor and make that little boy cry.
Okay.
See?
Hey, that little boy, Jeb.
Yeah, they got a whole week now that everybody's laying off on the Canker business on the chopping down your trees.
Sypher is cutting stuff for one week.
Oh!
And they claim that they're putting in the crews to bolster the program and to do this and educating out of you.
They're doing it because they're getting their assured by every day municipality all of us off Florida.
And because the public is brilliant.
And it's not interesting.
They're cutting it off for a week.
A week from today will be November the 8th of the day after E-Rection Day.
So maybe the Jebster doesn't want to piss too many people off right around the election day and the baby floor.
So they're figuring out how to start putting the guy down the Gestapo booths back on again a week from the day after the elections all over again.
Keep that in mind.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, yeah?
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm doing okay.
Good, good.
I just wanted to know, did you happen to see there was an article at Al Franken Road that New Orleans is telling about this bush really dumb?
Didn't see that one.
You have to read that article.
If George didn't get it, it's the one with Jacob Dunne on the cover.
Okay.
It's a very good article.
Is that a newer one that I'm all going to cover?
Because that's one I got.
No, I don't know what it meant.
I just bought it last week.
It's pretty new.
But I also wanted to ask you, did any chance I can get this hockey tickets?
Sure, no problem.
I forgot.
I forgot all about them.
All right.
I'll load you a helmet in the pants.
Okay.
Hang on.
All right.
Thanks.
Why don't you take care of that fine gentleman who gave us a good info?
At least he had something to say.
I'm like, ah, can I get the tickets?
Can I get no?
He didn't do that.
I can have those free loads.
I forgot all about those tickets.
And I guess everybody else, that's why we got so many thousands of them on Soford Nice Game.
I'll tell you, looking kind of grim.
And I'm not going to chance that as the public, I understand the prices keep getting higher and higher and higher in the of concessions keep getting higher and higher.
I would like to see a good crowdard.
And I'm going to go there even as sick as I am.
I'll be there freezing my ass off with that maple leaf jacket on the I know they lost last night.
Big deal made nice shot there at the end.
Actually stuck right in the net right after the whistle went.
Almost tied it up.
But they're not playing all that good.
But at the meantime, they're six and five.
They get at least one six games they believe.
As opposed to our panties, you've won a grand total of one game.
A grand total of one game.
And many of the teams that they've told by the way, like the Minnesota Vile, aren't exactly what you call the cream of the crop.
Yeah.
So let's hope that inspired the flu and all these other excuses that they pull it up on our YouTube tonight and get out there and kick some island or ass.
Or we might be saying some of those Maria boys very soon.
You know, I don't want to start playing bush bars here.
But yeah, starting to come to a lot of people's minds.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's me.
You're the best, Neil.
The lone voice of reason and soft water.
Yeah.
Before you come on in the morning, I kind of have to keep pushing.
Yeah, I am.
Pardon me?
I said, yes, I am.
Yes, you are.
Before you come on in the morning, I keep trying to find the decent radio to listen to.
The stations are listened to.
And I happen to switch to a public radio.
Oh, yeah.
And we, there was a quote from our wonderful George W. Blumberbust.
And he says, regarding the Democrats, they want to tell you that they're cutting taxes.
It does not resonate loudly with the American people.
Well, I tell you that it does resonate loudly with the American people.
He's a moron.
What do you expect?
No, it resonates loudly with me.
Neil, you're the best.
And that guy that had called a couple calls ago?
Yes, sir.
Guarantees putting a pin in the wrong hole.
Okay.
Thanks, sir.
See you.
How are you doing, gentlemen?
I don't go embarrassing him.
Okay.
I'm making a big song of dance because he makes up all the crap that he tells you.
I never said any of that.
Jeff Cohen is here without a friend Tanner from Pizza Law.
And also some good weed that we're going to be smoking right after lunch.
We're smoking before, I guess before it works out by that particular.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
No, no, don't do that.
Don't do it.
Don't, that is so grotesque.
Don't pay any attention to him.
Okay.
Your job is safe.
Because I'll start telling some real inside stories here.
So your job is safe as long as I'm around.
Don't go through there with a bib and a horse on a dance.
That's bad.
Yeah, nice going there.
Oh, here's a look at some pictures here.
Some places that your friend Al Goldstein was hanging out.
Some real fact places you, but he Al was hanging out.
Yeah, he's always with a girl.
That's why he's put those ads in the paper.
Deer'd wanted.
You ever see those ads?
Deer'd wanted.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's my name, Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sheldon Tannageezer, Pauling.
What is this?
Sheldon Tannageezer?
Oh, Sheldon Tannageezer.
Oh, Sheldon Tannageezer.
All right.
Now, I'm probably the only person in Cal Fard who knows who Sheldon Tannageezer has decided to do.
Besides CO Furry, yeah.
Yes.
I just wanted to call on our flight.
Yes, CO is still asleep in the back seat of the car.
I believe he is.
Okay, good.
Does that want him to see what's going on?
Right.
I just wanted to verify that George Burns was attacked over a hundred.
It is our top seat.
They sliced them open in Canada to rings and they were in fact over one hundred.
Yeah.
Bob Hope is just as alive as Wild Raken and they're both now living tributes at the Madame
to Soswax Museum.
And I know you're having a fit over this top presidential election.
Yes, sir.
On the same side as you, Neil, but I just want you to know that's the following elections for, you know, 20, 30 years now.
No matter who gets elected, Republican, Democrat, abortion is still legal.
You can still get a gun anywhere.
A couple of punishments that we don't have a season there.
The same thing's happened unless we do something different for a change.
Nothing will ever change.
So how are you going for president?
Oh, God.
You were doing so well.
Well, I tried.
I know you just gave me all the tickets away.
I'm an on-the-fant from way back when I'm doing the events or a great-dad, Daniel Daze.
Jermaine Gagnus.
So, hi, this is Tim Horton calling.
I'll see you later.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
I can't look at where the tenor lay those balls out there on the plate.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
I let, hey.
Sneak, hey, sir.
Oh.
Reports to, hey, speak.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I don't know about on the election day, but I ain't going to vote for first one.
I'm going to heat some bush.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I thought I got to say it was.
Okay.
Make sure it's not the burning bush.
Okay, schmuckhead.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
Another articulate sports out there in the radio land.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is one of the way that on this campaign issue here.
Go right ahead to Neil.
In the waiting days of the campaign, I think maybe we should rally to get our
pal Hernandez out so he can help with the election.
And we can all vote five or six.
Yeah, he can find a few sports.
Maybe in fact, we could get George Burns down here to vote.
He's a good little guy.
That's right.
That's right.
Anyhow, go, go ahead.
I'm out of material.
Okay, thank you so much.
Brilliant call.
5.6705.60, 1505.503 votes in our poll so far as deal with an asset or liability
to our goal.
Liability 66 makes no difference.
53 and 34 say is an asset.
He's got 34.
Oh, I'm a poll today so far.
Jeff Gordon's voting next Tuesday.
Notting his head.
Are you registered vote?
Are you voting?
Four.
There you go.
See?
So, Castell, good, uh, Tadyn Burr.
He's there.
He's registered to vote right without a doubt.
And you're voting for her?
What do you think?
Okay, and I'm registered to vote for the first time in years.
I'm voting for Grog.
It's four for four.
I don't like that.
Yeah, but he has values as jobogas.
He knows what side it's better to make sure somebody's following them there.
Here's a mobile and baby.
Hello.
Hi, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Good.
Kind of undecided on who to vote for.
Is it you?
Is it a soft-chuck?
Is it?
Sorry?
I said, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
Good.
Kind of undecided on who to vote for.
Both of them are pretty much, uh, mediocre.
Exactly.
Either way, I'm going to vote at least five or six times.
Um, my question is, who should I vote for?
Well, let's step to that law.
Who's on TV right now?
That younger workers want to just scratch those things.
Okay, there we go.
Out of the doors on TV right now, there's your answer, sir.
Oh, you got to say, bye, bye, bye.
It's like a message from...
Damn, God!
There you go.
Ask initial receive.
24, page 11 to 560, WQN.
Beware of exploding bombs.
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.
I'm doing good.
That's right.
Just about every day and night.
Cause with me, young and tight.
Hey, baby, come on.
I waited in the sleep.
She finally gave it to me.
Now, just like in her songs, I can hear her moan.
I've been dating her since we were four.
It ain't no lie, I didn't.
I was the first to go through that story.
It's come, I, bye, bye.
It's about time everybody knew.
We're two minutes like buddies for a year or two.
I hate to tell you her virginity has come by, bye, bye.
She just carries us all young and deep.
I think I'll every day that I am within space.
I hate to tell you her virginity has come by, bye, bye.
Okay.
See you, Tanner.
And what he means in share was all screw up.
What he means by that, Joe?
He was not your type.
You know something, I'm beginning to wonder if there are any straight people around.
I just, I don't find any.
I'm listening to comments that Jeff Cornel just making in here.
And of course we know that he hangs out with our goldstein.
And after him, what Al had to say here yesterday,
and see these pictures that he left here,
I don't think there are any straight guys down here.
I know one.
Yeah.
Don't say George.
I love these guys.
Five, six out of five, six, eight, eight, eight, and eight,
and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Several open lines here, we'll wait none yet.
This is because launchers here isn't happy to craft out.
Six days of election time.
Do we see it tremendous?
And here I am, I'll write off my sick bed.
I'll just put Gour on here to help you.
If work hard, done much right, and deserve a secure retirement.
I'm running for president to fight for you,
and that's something worth fighting for.
I need your help on few days.
Let's win this election.
Oh, what?
Win Florida.
And then let's win the future of the United States of America.
God bless you, and thank you.
Nice time in here, Neil.
God bless.
Still God and the Al Gore too.
He needs to help.
Steve Allen was the only guy with enough hopes
for the Pulaver Bruce on TV.
That's what I said.
That's exactly correct.
He had the balls to Pulaver Bruce on TV,
who was cutting edge would be an understatement,
censored and banned by just everybody under the sun,
and then all of a sudden Steve,
I must have had like gotten the bad guy,
bad boy, with brits.
Must have done it.
He evened the smiths.
And for the last two, three years,
he's been one of those after full-page ads,
and censored this, and censored that,
and liked to let it, he just, he lost it.
And we just double-checked.
He's still dead.
Steve Allen.
Okay, now see now I'm so paranoid
by announcing names on here,
people who I thought were dead,
and they're still alive.
That 200-year-old guy, Bernie Heist,
maybe they called from the beach right off the bat this morning.
And she was in shock when I told her that Bob Hoke was dead.
Come to find out, I'm wrong, and she's right.
I didn't think that makes me feel like I'm real on.
Like some kind of a schmuck, right?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Here's for a lot of day, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah, yeah.
Pretty good.
You know what I mean?
Really pisses me off about this town.
And especially about this show,
and it's the one you stay in my own personal opinion.
This is you off about this show?
Yeah, no, I'm talking about the people that call it sharp.
All the advertisers who call you up, yeah.
And talk almost this crap,
and then go ahead and do the complete opposite.
Why can't people just get on the radio
and say what they feel?
Not, me neither.
Why is that?
That's the burning.
You say you will have burning questions about everything.
Well, that's my burning question.
Why can't people just be real on the show?
Because they're suck ups.
Most people call it sharp.
Exactly.
I've always said that.
The overwhelming majority of people
who call radio talk shows,
do so to link,
grace you to themselves with a host,
and suck up.
Even if they totally disagree,
they still want to suck up.
I don't agree about everything that you do.
I think you're very funny,
and I just like,
exactly why I was cute,
and I'm entertained by you.
Very helpful.
I cannot get on the radio.
And we're saying that I'm not here to solve all the problems
of the way.
My uncle.
That's right.
I like to say just a soft word.
Get on the radio.
Speak your mind.
If you have an opinion,
be strong with it.
Don't give these very weak,
old, old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
old,
We have to say this particular thing that is two teams,
next class,
we have to say two teams,
we have to say it once,
say,
a few teams,
But this guy just said, that's the first step in the ingratiation process.
See?
They're sucking up already.
Even before hello.
Thanks for taking my call.
That's just the way of sucking.
And just like I was telling Tan on the go, there's nothing wrong with little sucking, but
let's not, you know, go too far right here in the middle of the show.
And you see the way that Jeff was trying to say, I can't do that.
Try to be with Beerus him and be great.
He's a nice kid.
You know?
He was looking for a stag.
Yeah, he wasn't.
He was a bit like he's going to put that plastic bib around my neck.
I mean, come on, get serious.
Jeff, treat me like some kind of a dirty old man.
What?
No, I mean, just because Jeff Cohen's a dirty old man, I don't have to be following his goddamn footsteps.
I didn't say sh**.
I had you didn't.
Had to dump him more than our golf team.
Had to sit here and hang it around with that prover.
And were you next time doing an expert algebra during the break?
Get that picture of our golf team and that stump penis that's on there, that's airbrushed
on there.
Get it out of here.
He only wishes.
And his dreams, he only wishes that he had anything even, even the same shape as that thing.
That cock and bull story, if you probably got an expression that he gave me yesterday about,
when I asked him about those beautiful blonde hookers that are like a half a block away from his apartment
and I answered him, wow, that's only 15 minutes when I was over there in Thailand.
Yeah, right.
When you were over here in Thailand, but there was little boys, what were you doing over there?
Come on, you spilled a bean, sweetheart.
You're the hell you kidding.
Here's a mobile and fort waterdale, hello.
Good morning.
How's everything?
Everything's good?
Everything's good.
I was good, yeah.
Listen, I'm glad you said where you'd write in them.
Oh, that sounds like Bobby Braun, who played with that bracket ankle in this sandwich cup.
How are you doing, Bobby?
No, well, I wish I had a broken ankle.
I got a broken head with this election.
Yeah.
You got to admit one thing, but you're not real thrilled with this Jew Lieberman.
He'd give Jewish people a bad name.
That is absolutely correct.
He's an embarrassment.
He's a walking-ed philanthropy senator, another clerk.
You know what would be nice if we could have an election for the vice president and an election for the president,
and we could get the two vice presidents, what the office of each other, then they'd have to work with one another, wherever the guy is.
Yeah.
And so what my point is, Neil, if there is such a word around here, even if this court gets in,
you're still going to get stuck with that censored idiot who wants to censor Hollywood and people like you are the right to free speech.
Oh, and then another thing that he was doing last time, so ready brought up Jew Lieberman again.
Every time he says anything now, oh, Bill Bennett and I, this Bill Bennett and I,
first of all, Bill Bennett is one of the most right-wing, obnoxious, hateful sons of bitches that ever stepped foot on the face of this earth.
And the fact that they used to be good buddies now, of course, Bennett needs an awful lot of energy now since every chance he gets now,
the Lieberman doesn't have the hoods but to separate himself, and if he thinks that he's appealing to the Democratic base or anybody with a brain by always invoking the name of Bill Bennett,
it's enough to make me puke this lot job.
You know, this guy seems to be riding on a magic carpet ride.
Whatever the theme of the day is, I think that's what's killing the campaign.
I think he's an embarrassment to Elle, but that's why I think that he's a lead in this head in Antler's because this daddy boy bush who's trying to follow in his father's footsteps,
I'm afraid he's going to be on the cell phone trying to get advice from his father and when he gets all the time, it's like Reagan, we're all in trouble.
Okay.
And so there's only one thing left to do.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, Bill Bennett and I did this and William Bennett and I did that.
Oh, and this man says it with a straight face and you all Jews out there are running the point.
Don't let me discourage you.
Please, vote three, four times because you think that it's a benefit that this guy is Jewish.
He's an embarrassment to the Jews and everything that most Jews stand for.
Not eating, puke inducing, that's God damn boy.
Two Librements.
Well, him too.
How's OJ doing, by the way?
Anybody down here in Kenel got any OJ reports?
Oh, what's wrong?
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 1 of OJ be voting.
You think he'd be voting?
Because phones are not allowed.
That's why he's not a phone.
Should be.
How about ass motors or ass motors or other votes?
Somebody I go and take OJ by the hand and read him the ballot next Tuesday.
See if he can catch this big one.
Howdy to be voting.
5, 6, 6, 2, 1 of OJ.
MNM shows how bad a white suburban gangster like they can be.
So we're approaching the suspect.
Apparently he wasn't happy with his order and he's backing up the entire drive through line.
Yeah, what the fuck?
You call it that happy meal?
He finds it cold.
What the fuck is that pickle doing on it?
Thus says MNM gets arrested for vandalizing the Donald's playground spot.
All that and more on the next cup tonight on Fox.
19th to load at 5.60 W.
My 6th run's Fox.
First put that network on my Whippermord Aqua.
Started posing the minds of America.
That's when everything started to go to the path.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
That's what Steve Allen said.
He's dead.
We find any more information about Bob Hope?
Is he gasping for oxygen at this moment?
It says on this fact that you really ought to completely correct Bob Norman, the latest version of the Broward New Times.
No.
No, he did not.
But if he didn't come up, comment on a podcast as a Kellison on a planet.
So it's an article about Jim Novel, a mayor of Fort Waterdale, how he's endorsing Bush.
And now he's endorsing Bill McCollum, that of Mox's right-wing rabbit asshole, who's behind Bill Nelson by ten bullets and dropping farther behind every minute.
You're not fooling anybody how they do it.
You got two champs, none and much less than none.
You got two champs.
Five, six, seven, or five, six, eight.
I'm in coherent.
I got a bad head cold.
My ear thank God opened up a little bit.
And that's it.
Doing the best I can.
We got about 40 grand for a plan parenthood.
With our best of the LCDs and cassettes and key chains, of course.
You can get the CDs and cassettes and specs all over town.
What's the known thing?
And of course, it enables him for my respects too.
You can go to theillagers.com or to your merchandise at wdqam.com.
Or you can call the lovely Miguel, call Miguel's extension at 205-650-156 to order yours as well.
And the campaign, of course, continues to be in beer.
It's about to, whatever Tom Jekyll might write next time.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Can we lighten things up for just a minute?
Can we lighten things up? Are we too heavy for you today?
I don't want to talk about our horror at George Smosh, too.
We've been talking about dead people, and we can't get much lighted in there.
I don't want to talk about big tickets.
Good. We don't have any tickets.
Have you ever been doing something during the day and started singing a song in your head?
How loud times.
And just stop yourself and you say, wow, I'm singing that song. I didn't even know it.
Right.
I was talking about what I was better at.
I was just passing you down. Yeah.
Yeah, I used to sing sometimes. I see you.
But anyway, I was cutting my lawn off Saturday.
Very well.
Sometimes I see myself.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You're easy. If I had a million guys like you, I'd be 90's here.
But anyway.
And cutting my lawn and the song goes through my head.
And I know you're not going to believe this.
Oh, right.
Yeah, that was the one, wasn't it?
No. No.
I'll be with you, boy.
That's the last thing that I've been spending the rest of my life.
Yeah, wasn't that one?
No. How about that?
No, I wasn't even that song that was going through my head.
Oh, that was the one.
That was the one.
That was the one.
That was the one.
That was the one.
That was the one.
No, I was blowing it.
And the grass too.
You were smoking it and the grass too, yeah.
Exactly.
And then my head.
The song that goes in my head, I don't know why.
Bum bum bum bum.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
Oh.
I want to fuck in his face.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like the part in his face.
Yeah.
That's where he digs.
What gives him the right?
Oh, I think his wife what a fighter after a night.
Bum bum bum.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
Oh.
That's what this great dude, the human Rick is.
Oh, Rick, you're a game of puss.
You think that's a puss?
That's the love of you also.
Good, good, good.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
I like the part in his face.
Yeah.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
Thanks.
Did that do it for you?
Yeah.
That was like a gift that he had to be scrapped.
Okay.
Bye bye bye.
5.670560.
Part of that was a, and he said let's wipe it up a little bit.
And we did.
I'm so tired of these deadly serious people.
Like the guy called me for said, he said, you know, next Tuesday no matter who gets elected,
you're still going to, still going to come knock it on the door three and more into, you know,
go to your house and park, tear your trees down, go through your ash tray, rip your car apart.
We still have a police state.
And he's right about that.
I mean, I'm pulling for go.
I'm hoping I'm squeezing, but you know, it's not like it's not like he's some kind of panaceaer.
It's not like he's a, all he is is a buffer.
I hate to say that he's just a buffer and he's got a weak link that then you leave him in the man this guy.
Oh, my good friend Bill Bennett and I have worked out.
Oh, in fact, when, when, when we're going to ask him about Steve Allen,
because they had just finished 40 minutes of eulogizing with all these old fossils like Mike Douglas.
And that, that was one of the first things he talked about.
Well, you know, Bill Bennett and I for years have been, we agree with Steve on that.
We, oh, God, Bill Bennett and I, that's what I was saying.
Hermann Jaring and I just had a great meal together and we were just agreeing on, yeah.
You're a blight on Judaism all over the world, sir.
You and all those Hossedim that are rocking back and forth over there at the Wheeling Wall and on the Alton Road.
You're a blight.
And as they say in Yugoslavia, Coxa place.
Here's the mobile and Cooper City. Hello.
One more I'm jumping on here.
All right. How you doing? Good. Good.
I, I'm 42 and I remember why I would run home from school because at four o'clock in the afternoon, the Steve Allen show is on.
Uh-huh.
When I was in grade school and it was, to me, it was the funniest TV that you could ever watch.
And he would have, like you mentioned, Pat Harrington and Charlie Towers would be on the show live.
And there were just so many great things that happened on the show.
You still have a, other books as brother who does Super Dave Art Gorn.
He had, he had date Nellon on Tuesday as a matter of fact before you.
I think it was on after he was, I'm trying to say before how do you do the after, how do you do one or the other?
Obviously.
It was unbelievable.
Well, I'm not.
Unbelievable.
But I, he was dead.
Yes.
You mentioned Bill Bennett.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
You mentioned Bill Bennett.
I feel bad.
It's also really good stuff.
Maybe Joe Lieberman and, and Rush Limbaugh and Roger Ailes and, and, and Bill Bennett can all have lunch together after he, you know, if he gets into the White House.
I think that'd be a last little coffee clutch right there.
Yeah. I'm sure I'm on Gering can be the, you're sure.
It could be, could be a thing.
It could be the exactly.
So, all right.
That was all I just wanted to see down. I will miss you.
Amen.
And my dog was instead, isn't he?
He looked like it.
He did.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That were why Mike Douglas.
All right.
He looked like the, uh, the, the mask of death was over his face.
You know what I mean by the mask of death?
Not like he even met him too so because there's masks, at least they make him look lively.
You know, they have to make it look a little bit alive.
But this was the mask of death over the face of Mike Douglas.
I, we could take up the office, but I think Bob Hope.
Oh, well, you never know.
He might hang on for years now.
Now that he faked me out, he might just, just out of spite.
Well, Bob might hang on for years or it's ski nose.
Here's the Fort Myers. Hello.
Yes. Good morning, Neil.
Minus three of.
Listen, I guess I should say about time you got to my car because I don't want to be a stuck up.
However, I have used that phrase in the past, Neil, and I won't do it anymore.
I wiped your call earlier about being honest.
Listen, Neil, I'm a 43-year-old straight white male.
Uh-huh.
And I guess over the years, I would have been considered somewhat.
I'm a full, but uh-huh.
You're definitely entertaining.
I think you entitled to your opinion.
It's good. I'm glad you do what you do.
And I'm not chasing you by name or should I?
No. I find myself listening to you.
I've got friends of mine that are starting to listen to you.
They went on the old coast.
You didn't get candy, though.
They did have him yesterday on the large limbojo.
He was talking about, uh, all the ad that I guess the NCAA is running now about the unfortunate incident.
Uh-huh.
And how he thought that you know it's shameful that the Democratic party is having it pulled and whatnot.
So that was about all I had to say, Neil, we didn't want to be a stuck up.
Two pups, a good work.
Okay, have a great day.
Thank you.
And what was really shameful was the insensitivity of George W.
Any article I read by Molly Evans, I think, laid it all out for Crystal Queer.
Oh, here's Jesse Ventura says, vote your heart and vote your conscience.
Whatever that means.
And it says, um, looking through page after page after page and the debates and this and that.
And I found this debates very boring, which is absolutely correct.
And he says, talking about special interest.
And because this year's elections are close, more than ever, your vote makes a difference.
Starting today, you should engage it, begin choosing your candidate.
There are no wasted votes. He says, I don't like that.
That's ridiculous.
That's a bunch of belonging, Jesse.
Because of both for a fudge Brown, I'll tell you right now, it's a waste of vote.
You don't fudge Brown with the dolphins.
But I try to forget what a big dolphin the booster ponytail was.
Why, they're going to kick it ass.
Get out of here, Jeff. Thanks for the food. Get out of here.
Quit embarrassing your health.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Feels like only what 20, 30 hours ago I sat down here.
And I have a feeling that this thing is clearing up.
Just a little head cool, but I have a feeling.
Because when the going gets tough, how does that go?
Here's Pember Pine. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Just letting you know along lines with these voting.
I heard the latest rumor and it must be true, is on Bob and Tom this morning,
that Democrats vote November 7th and Republican vote November 8th.
That's what I'm hearing. That's it.
Thanks. I'll wait here.
Not that there's a bunch of dummies out there, but that's true.
All you Democrats, we vote November 7th and Republicans don't have to go to the 8th.
I found Bob and Tom.
I'm hearing their show is going to be starting pretty soon.
I'm in a station in the morning. Bob and Tom.
Well, that's what I'm hearing. Because, definitely, he's so sick and tired that Joe was his temperament there.
He's here getting ready to blow that show up. They're not doing much.
Not doing much. People are sick and tired of hearing all, you know,
you go into a commercial break and they're always bitching about the long breaks.
But this is what happens when you have self-ish guys.
You've got three different guys on the show and each one of them is doing a live spot
in the same commercial break, plus the recorded spot.
By the time you come back, I think you're dogs just spotted on the carpet about 15 times.
Do you want to talk to them out of you who those breaks were each one of them
or lunging my food on my... I can't help it.
I can't talk to you at the same time about lunging a little bit.
It was just a little bit of panor sausage.
But that's the deal. If they want to collect all those talent fees,
then they got no business running around in the hallway trying to beat up the buff
and bitching about the fact they got long commercial breaks.
And using that as an ally by why they have such a dismal audience.
Joe, not you, Joe Rose.
He had new food there for three years at Joe Rose.
I thought he was okay. I'm feeling good.
Yeah, good. Feel this.
But then it comes to find out from Pat who works his ass off to try to make those guys
look a little bit better than they really are, especially guilty in Joe Rose.
Find out from him what a real prick Joe is turned out to be and what a heartache.
And then that poor duck comes back from a really relaxing vacation in Keyworth,
a rest, a river hell he was, in the dry toe to the...
And well, the first thing he walks through that door and here's a big bro going out of the hall
between Pat and Joe Rose.
Which I think is a disgrace. Go fuck your behind, go back behind it again or under it.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes sir.
I got a little story for you about the five or two weeks ago.
A little story. A little one.
Okay, about five or six weeks ago, coming back from Las Vegas and in front of me,
in a seat in front of me, Jesu was sitting there, but old Jay.
Yeah.
And the guy next to him was talking to about the politics.
And I just would go, don't kill our poh.
J.S. Yeah, he's voting Democrat from what I understood from that conversation.
Oh, there's...
So we'll get in the chair on November 8th.
Okay.
Wait for him to put his voting.
Sounds good to me.
And in closing, we want the micronary.
Okay.
Ha ha ha ha.
I almost forgot about that damn thing.
That's ancient. That's old news.
Where the hell is it, Joe?
Not like me.
Me, me, me, me, me.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
That's our big macho jock there at a morning show, huh?
I got to walk him on the hallway going, going, going, going, yeah.
Nice going, Joe.
Now we know a lot of people call him the little dog.
Too much food here.
I just keep eating it and eating it, eating it.
And Quitswine and Beres-Sanner already, Jeff, you idiot.
All those nice people that work for him there.
He just manipulates him, so to speak.
Yanks him around.
Like, like some kind of a mannequin on display.
Not nice. He's a good guy.
Leave me alone.
Four minutes before noon at five o'clock.
I don't think anybody who works there is safe.
I really don't.
Did I say four before noon at 2AM?
I think it was about to say that before I was interrupted.
By a fat Jew.
430-0560.
W-Q-A-M-I-H-E-Port-Lotterdale of Beasley Broadcast Groups at W-Q-A-M.com or the World.
Neil God.
This one.
And then I'll you keep a note how a stone is being.
You know, me and I, just at the roundings.
You can have hot, so glorious.
I've been in Iowa, Korea, so I have come off of Canada.
I've come before, so I'm not a boss.
Come up right to Lone Desire Park and the day you're living out with just hands down one.
They received him to open the car.
Look at how big that hook up.
Say I plant my seeds.
See, see, for my weed.
Weep, see, weep, weep, weep, weep, weep, weep.
Then roll it again, say I plant my seeds.
See, see, for my weed, weep, weep, weep, weep.
For my bones.
Let me smoke that stone.
All right.
See, see, see, that stone, the bomb bomb bomb.
I love when I smoke the bones.
Just like she can choke.
Yeah, yeah.
That stone, the bomb bomb bomb.
Look at that hot, so glorious.
That the age of nine, I was curious.
So I have come off of some cannabis.
You smoke before, so I'm not a boss.
Come up right to Lone Desire Park and the day you're living out with just hands down.
One day we didn't soak up for the cops.
We're gonna take time to get ready.
I plant my seeds.
See, see, for my weed.
Weep, see, weep, weep, weep, weep, weep.
Get it ready again, say I plant my seeds.
See, see, for my weed, weep, weep, weep, weep.
For my bones.
Let me smoke that stone.
Say I plant my seeds.
That stone, the bomb bomb.
I love when I smoke the bomb.
Just like she can choke.
Yeah, yeah.
That bomb, the bomb bomb.
Hey, believe me.
Yeah, yeah, tap her right over here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That art!
Oh, yeah.
That art!
Okay.
I love the break.
Exactly.
That art.
I hope you have lost your ball.
12-0-2-5-60, a little double-headed, or 4-0.
Here's the fact that there's two new arranges.
Isn't that interesting how Ralph Reed, Pat Robertson, and Jerry Fowlball have all kept a low profile in that interest?
I think the strategy is to keep them quiet for the time being because they're high-profile, but only heard George W.
If Bush wins, you can bet your last dollar of their faces will once again emerge and their religious influence will be felt.
Please put this out to your listeners, which I already have many, many comments.
Please put it out and keep up with your work and you're the best.
Yes, I am. And thank you so much.
And that's exactly correct. There's a lot of Legeldos came in here.
You found out there was a little bit of food hanging around the place.
I don't even know what the hell he brought.
It was for everybody else. Is there more stuff in there? Do you bring pizzas today?
Do you also bring pizza? No, you did not. What do you bring?
He brought Mia, and he fell sub, and you, your food, and that's all.
And nothing from the girl? He was in a hurry. He was in a hurry because he was going to go out.
He would go over feed the dolphins and we suck wind.
Don't you understand? We're like yesterday's mashed potatoes.
He didn't bring tantrum with him because of the fact that he brought him in here to put the bib on my thing and set him on my lap.
He brought him along because they're going to go over and suck ass with the dolphins. That's what that was all about.
Yeah.
We're, you know, we're waiting to see us anytime.
He's sucking up to those spouses. I mean, there's a dolphin players over there. That's what he's doing.
Yeah. Not kidding me.
You're a boso, Jeff. Yes, I am.
Here's time for a climb. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Great show.
Let's launch this very good. Yes.
A couple of things. One, you were talking about Molly Ivans. I was on the Nation website and it's the Nation.com.
I found a great picture, like an artist's rendition that they did of Torchie W.
I don't have a fax machine, but I attached it to an email and I set it to you already.
So you can either check it out there or go to the Nation.com. You'll love it. It's great.
Okay. And in closing, you'll, and I'm out of Hank's award. Can you play the Hank Goldberg song?
The Hank Goldberg song. What we haven't played that in the Coons in.
I know. Okay.
Thank you, Neil. Baby, you got it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Ah, well, as well as I do, I'm sure we could not go back again. Oh, that is a moment, anymore, downtown
I don't wanna do it, I don't wanna do it
The sun keeps silent, so I'll stay silent
No one can be here
So don't throw that thing through
Near ankle birth, ankle birth
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Yeah, the interesting part we were just talking during last break about the fact that when I first came here Hank was like he was the temporal mental one in the building and was always and I could understand
Took me a while to work here but I got to understand why he was always exploding because of the frustrations plus he had to work in that toilet over there on children's street for years
And tolerated the incompetence of the visa broadcast so after a while I began to understand why he was always a blown off and exploding but as
Time has gone on he's the one that's become mellow and maybe now maybe that's why he went on March of times award
I don't think it's gonna do it but he's the one that's mellow and now we got somebody else in here that's like always exploding going nuts
I like the witty yeah, that's the guy
Frickin Joe Rose Mr. Hatchock Mr. Dumb Jack
Running around here like and the whole story this morning which I probably shouldn't tell us on here, but I were running because the audience likes this crap
Over a stupidly he tickets
Now I realized that Joe is important here, but I don't think that the general mangrove even as inept as he is
I don't think that Greg Reed is gonna be coming here seven o'clock at the morning to hand them tickets to get away on the air
You know Greg came in here gave us those hockey tickets we gave him away with a big song today. Oh was there a big pride? Oh they were beginning to a big fight about it. Oh no.
Game away a pair of tickets right on the glass there for night's game.
So I'm definitely Greg went to Pat who's a producer the morning show and said here you think they would like to be more a pair of tickets for the
Heat game and the sheriff why not?
Pat goes in and default there's a couple of tickets for the Heat game they want to figure out on the air. This is at nine o'clock.
Now if what could possibly be to get an argument about that unless you're looking for an argument unless you're looking to proud beat the underlings.
This is not what you're looking to do Joe.
Big jock with bad knees.
And so he goes into a big snit about how come I'm getting these now at nine o'clock where we get them at seven o'clock when we need them.
I mean that's juvenile very childish. I'm I got to be honest with you. I'm embarrassed for Joe Rose.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy.
I can tell you exactly what the night was to because they had some young lady producer that he was a chasing around and stuck a mic in her purse.
Yeah.
Interface.
Maybe that's why he's voting for Bush now to get back at you because he stuck a mic in her purse because you know Joe is voting for Bush.
That's what I've been here.
What do you want to tell you?
He's an amazing guy.
What could I say about him?
Him and Robert Creeper.
I hope they all look together.
What a match made in heaven that is.
Two Bozos.
Robert Creeper.
And you know something I think Robert hangs out with Barry Jackass.
I think Barry's mommy drives both of them to work every day.
That's what I'm hearing about that little Creeper.
He's a sleeper.
Well, it's not even supposed to be here in the morning.
Talk about it.
Is he does he get paid to work the morning show?
Now he does yes.
Oh.
So we kind of sucked his way in a mat.
Exactly.
He used to work the overnight and hang out.
And hang around.
And when Tom and I had a mat in the house, when Tom and I got moved into the production position.
Yeah.
He kind of just got sucked into that.
They just kind of sucked his way in there.
So maybe that's why he and Joe get along so tight.
Maybe sucked his way into that too.
Nine minutes past noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Grab the wood.
What a suck up job that was.
Oh, why please, Joe.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I'm a big fan of the game.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
I mean, they're not going to do much.
The former officer claims his supervisor,
Horanston, with the regulatory names like Sausage Boyd,
and created a hostile work environment
through sexual jokes and locker room addicts.
The officer, Wayne Hart, and the supervisor Jeff Langkor,
have since left the police department.
But the lawsuit continues this week
with the trial in Palm Beach County Circuit Court.
Hart claims that Langkor made frequent remarks
about Hart's shorts, pants, and genitalia.
According to the lawsuit,
Langkor said that Hart's pants and shorts were so tight
that they showed his private parts,
just like the Hart's nickname of Sausage Boyd,
and it can't be an sausage being placed in Hart's mailbox.
They were putting Vienna Sausages in his box.
Hart also claims that Langkor called him a Hermaphrodite
and a closet's fag.
Hart quit the police department in 1997
after he was transferred from the community
policing unit to the road patrol
on Langkor's recommendation.
Attorney Leonard A. Carson is representing Delray Beach.
Said the harassment did not occur.
Carson said that the police officers
received only one complaint from Hart about his nickname,
and that they responded immediately
by writing a memo telling other officers
not to use the name.
Hart's lawyer said the lawsuit is a bit unique
since it involved an accusation of one straight man,
sexually harassing another straight man.
The fact that the plaintiff is mailed doesn't make it
in any less serious,
said it turning out through showfills.
Sexual harassment is about power, showfills said.
In testimony this week,
Langkor denied harassing Hart.
Langkor said the officers in the squad
joke with each other and gave each other nicknames.
Hart's nickname came about because of the stung fit
of his clothing,
Langkor testified,
not because of his genitalia.
Langkor, who we tell from the department this year,
admitted that the officers engaged in horseplay
in the locker room by pretending to grab free
to those crotch.
Hart participated in the horseplay
with the rest of the officers,
Langkor said and didn't seem bothered by it.
Let me read that last one again, okay?
It's a date club you moron.
Langkor, who we tell from the department this year,
admitted the officers engaged in horseplay
in the locker room by pretending to grab for each other's crotch.
I read my case.
Have an hour, said this?
Locker room addicts,
all those macho jocks,
all these macho cops,
rabbit each other's jocks.
5605, 505, 505, 50 on the AT&C
and Verizon Marliss Line.
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood, hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, listen.
First of all, my daughter in Los Angeles
in reference to the Bush abortion issue,
when it was on the CNN website,
the Republicans went to CNN and said,
if you will take it off your website,
we will not charge you when you go out to broadband.
They have also told all the other networks and channels
so that what says,
well, you'll pay for it when you go to broadband.
The Republicans told them,
we're the media.
That's why Bush is getting the free ride
that they will not be charged them
when they transfer to broadband.
The other thing is,
the other thing is,
read Maureen's column yesterday.
She's got Bush down perfectly.
It is one of the best columns I've ever read.
And what's going to happen is Bush gets arrested.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
5605, 505, 505, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon Marliss Line.
Carlos, your other Joe's favor,
just get in and brought the mail in.
Have any conversation in there?
No.
Come on.
Loosen up a little bit.
Here's plantation, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ladies, absolutely right about Maureen's column.
You didn't see it.
Where am I going to find that?
Well, we'll get it over to you.
Okay.
A couple things.
If the Senate breaks 50-50 or 50-49,
is the leave of them allowed to stay senator?
If the court is elected, can he appoint a vice president?
No, Christmas.
He can't.
No.
Okay.
So there's no way the leave of the say,
okay, I can choose to go to the Senate.
Absolutely not.
I'm not going to be left.
You're not going to resign like Agu-Good?
No.
Well, I mean, he does have to resign,
but at that point, at that point, the governor appoints somebody,
and it's still up in the air, so that takes place.
They'd ask him about it again last night, and by the bill,
by the bill he, all about the mobile bill,
but at least for two years there'd be a Republican.
And then because the governor would be the one appointing,
he's Republican.
Okay.
Not a sole agreement has stabbed his own party in the back.
There was no question about that.
Another point.
I'm in a 1% and in the last six years,
I've probably paid an additional quarter million dollars
in taxes to the United States.
Right.
And in the last six years, I think that's not enough.
Yeah.
It's literally not the guy who had won a waste out process.
Right.
It's literally, how much percentage do you think that the economy has given,
generally, I mean, people of some stops,
is it between five and 10% more than they would if they had a bad economy?
Well, what do you mean, I don't know, I mean,
well, you have to do my question like, no.
No, no, no.
Well, if you think, if you'd close out a good economy,
that your funds, et cetera, would make five to 10% more than if they had a bad economy.
Oh, at least.
Sure.
Okay.
Well, if that's the case, then you've made your taxes burdened back,
in some cases, double.
Well, I'll speak for your sound.
Well, I'm just saying, for instance, I'm giving you, you know,
just a general, for the people in the 1%,
so you didn't give your money to make sure it's like,
either he's not losing your money like it's coming out of the faucet.
The next point, one last point, I've read Fudge Brown's,
he's packing one hell of a proposal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 70.
I keep losing the match.
Every time I should zig, I zag, and I call him up,
but it would, but only if there's any in conversations,
and it doesn't help.
And by the way, that great website you guys have got set up there
over there at first union, that's really a knockout.
I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
I can't make any more.
Last week I watched the Al Gore rallying and fending off their Clinton and still struggling to lay claim it was under administrations to mess in the economy.
And I watched the W. Bristling with confidence having good speech in Pittsburgh and closing up to John McCain and Colin Powell.
And I watched the W. Bristling with confidence having good speech in Pittsburgh and closing up to John McCain and Colin Powell.
I had this it very quietly and so of the fact that I might be on my way back to the future.
I had this it very quietly and so of the fact that I might be on my way back to the future.
Where we on the eve of restoration.
Where we on the eve of restoration.
Given that the Bush name was anathema in the GOP for years.
It is surreal that we may be only moments away from Bush to self made Midland business man.
Yell Gregg and Sportant is here with a bookish plane spoken life whose project is literacy.
Who we never seen by the way.
The world has been transformed into the last eight years with cyberspace colonized in the Internet until trading every corner of life.
And yet the Republican gang that couldn't shoot straight on the economy is ready for it to close up.
Angry white men have become fat happy white men and W. Withers sunny emptiness in a tax plan will protect the windfalls reaped in the Clinton goers is their guy.
Now comes another.
What is this saying? Oh, anti it's not a good copy now comes another anti president Bush reads sporadically and prefers reports to be delivered orally.
It just proves the staying power of the establishment.
The insiders simply call themselves outsiders and say they just stay in Washington and big government and then go other voters and the inside outsiders right back here to make the government bigger.
Their resumes longer and the private sector contacts wider for future self made cashing in.
The capital has been much better since the nasty congressional republicans faded into the background.
It was so exhilarating when Newt Gingrich and his hungard henchmen were shutting down the government eliminating school lunches cutting grannies Medicare and preaching the president and mocking Barney Frank.
We lost sight of new successes those vivacious values of this instance.
Trap lock time to lay in dicharmee when the bush campaign hit them in a lot box.
That's why they are there in that lot box.
But now we're on the verge of welcoming these bully boys from set up again is they be zoomed running their conservative agenda down America's throat.
The whole republicans have been secretly sniggering at the nominees Barney all that chuckleheaded stuff about compassionate conservatism and bridging the produce in gap.
Civility is not their preferred special interest and they think it'll be easy to maneuver the tyrant who scheduled could well make Lionel Reagan scheduled to look grueling to be even more generous to pharmaceutical companies monopolies like Microsoft big polluters and big business looking to limit lawsuits.
In Bush too will get to see more of that shrinking violet parents Thomas as one of president W's favorite justices and as someone tired by conservatives as a potential chief justice in the Bush regime he'll come into his own.
Perhaps you need a whole episode won't be the thing just as Thomas is remembered for perhaps overturning Roe v Wade will.
And it'll be so reassuring to have Charlton Heston packing heat trigger treat.
You're going to hear treat doing slam job wise at DC restaurants and dinner parties once the NRA opens up the office in the Bush White House.
It's been bragging about on breakfast with anticipation how about you how do you like that you're right great comment by good old marine dad.
What the hell is it?
Oh sorry.
Well that's what happens when you got you so much crap on the board.
Look at that this crap all over the place.
Thank you so much well and that was from rich Packard Paul Harvey do his class best personal front thank you rich.
Here's my any hello.
My any hello yes sir.
I am calling on I heard a scenario on if Bush will be a lesson that you that will come in to run again after four years he's not going to run again.
But can you yeah after after we waited another four years sure.
Okay that's what I want to know no chance not going to happen don't six six to sixty two to one against in the morning line and could happen.
Oh look at this here's another one of these letters from it's an inside job I think it's from Ray Perry.
5 6.05 60.
Pomp 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile and Cooper city hello.
So where are you.
Here's a mobile and popular it would be the group who's in there was okay.
Go ahead.
Yes sir.
Question where you call a call with the other person about that.
I have to be a nearer support I should have put the square that I'm trying but what is this.
So is anyone proposing since I know you are against Bush I should say more than four more.
Is anyone proposing that there's a difference of either Clinton and Bush both.
It would have they could the general serving of the other question there.
Yeah the point is Clinton is a running number one and number two Bush is running on being honest the integrity the character on a list that that's what this
election is all about Clinton's not running this time in case you had noticed that.
Well there is a conflict I mean I'm not so either part of it.
There is not a conflict let me say it again Clinton isn't running.
Gore who enlisted he didn't have to who is the son of a rich senator didn't have to but he enlisted but Bush wound up his way into the national
right and then didn't serve the last year.
It's a period.
I certainly understand but there's issues on both sides.
I'm a subject back on board not to beat him down but again you know whether it's the parodies or whether it's someone actually being articulate on the radio saying Bush is this or that of the other thing.
I often feel like yelling into the radio saying there is no difference between either party.
Gore is the bark lot of the rich established Washington family so it's Bush.
Absolutely untrue absolutely untrue.
The fact is that George W. Bush is the he's the henchman just like the thing I just read by Marine Dow.
He's the henchman of the far right wing fat cats and yeah Gore he's in the pocket especially interests you but certainly not to the degree that Bush is there's no comparison.
And for you to say that is just a tragic pathetic rationalization of the fact that next Tuesday you're going to throw away your hold on the man who has no chance not only no chance of winning the election but less than no chance of getting 5% nationwide and getting was matching from no chance.
So you can continue to be looting yourself from now until kingdom come if there is no chance that Ralph made was getting 5%.
This election is between George W. Bush and Albert S. Gore period and all the other is just window dressing by a bunch of pseudo intellectual group balls who refused to be honest enough to look at the facts.
And the fact is very clear one of the two I just named will be the next president period.
And if you don't believe there's a difference between clearance Thomas and a moderate the potential Supreme Court justice then you don't know what you're talking about.
And all that crap about well Scalia was voted 98 to nothing including our goal it's not a question of that because because the Senate unless they find something really totally damning they generally do that anyway with exception of Robert Bork and by the way
Julie women says he would have voted to confirm Robert Bork who's another one of his ex-nabers in Connecticut.
That's got to be their theme song victim on the street where you live that's got to be Julie women theme song because everybody they bring up to him oh yeah we used to be neighbors in Connecticut.
Everybody lived on his street probably used to throw stale maca at his house five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he would have voted to confirm Robert Bork that violent anti-rovy wage is lunatic.
And of course his good buddy Bill Bennett. I mean this guy is a Democrat like I'm a guy that I'm raving right wing Christian.
That's how much of a Democrat to you.
Luga man is and he goes in spears the Democratic Party in the back with that bait and switch deal from Connecticut.
What the hell is this or it's from my Arnold who looks a lot like Elvis on the phone with the bird Baker.
Oh it's all me up I guess it's the fat over five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile in midway hello.
Yeah Neil yes sir yeah I just think things I want to bring up my high yesterday the day before that nobody could find pumpers thick is or there was very little use for the pumpers thick is.
I just like to let your listeners know on 120 not be saw 25th Street and about eight avenue is a goal even then campaign headquarters.
I picked up from my pumpers thick is my blockers with the front yard okay and also something I think people should think about with George W.
You know we want a president like for the open.
If your wife is the first time that it's drinking yeah and using are we gonna have a performance yeah but it can't dance like you also not to that right now right up.
I know he can probably just I want I like you know he can only 10 dance okay pal nice going.
I'm going to go back to about 56 and 560 WQ and 430 560 WQ and I have a port Lauderdale a easily broadcast group station WQ and dot com with a world.
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
I'm going to go back to the
Can you please
Can you please
Can you please
One o'clock at 560 WQ I'm Hank Goldberg at 2. We got the Gelly on game at at 6 o'clock tonight at the
Hard Rock Cafe. Seven o'clock he got the islanders here to play the
Panthers. Any interest?
No. Let's do it.
A little bit?
No.
And Eddie K right after the game.
I'll be there with bells on
And leave me alone.
Okay.
I mean, watch your somebody who's nice.
It's not seriously.
Leave me alone.
Don't come, don't come suck it around.
Give me a check.
And that guy won't be doing it anyway, that wrong guy.
Given a lot of money, I guess it makes me sound ungrateful, which I'm not, but I just don't like people that give me money for
Curities that they don't believe in because they want to suck up with me. I hate that. It makes my skin crawl.
That anybody could be such a suck up that they were the ones. And you know, when you got that kind of money,
When you were a right-wing Republican and you got that kind of money, I guess it doesn't make that much difference.
You can afford to feed your ego with a check.
I don't like it. I hate it.
Plus, we don't put it good anyway for time to earn a little bit. We'll get away with over 100, man. I'm very confident with that.
Here's your field. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Let me show. Yes, sir.
Hey, I just got a quick question. I'm going to vote for Dole because I already understand that, you know, but everything they say they've done, they voted for that.
They voted for that. They did by millions of miles. But anyway, I don't want to play a higginer or anything.
I just want to ask you a favor if you could clarify what their differences were on their form policies because I caught part of it.
I think it was the second debate they had and it seemed like Bush was just following suit with everything that Dole had to say.
I didn't really understand it and I read a little bit. I still don't really understand it. It's pleased it's clarified for me.
I don't hang up in this. Okay. Hell great thing. Basically what it was down to is that our NATO allies are having a fit because Bush, in fact, his people had a clarify with NATO. They had a send in memo saying, well, you misunderstood me. He didn't really need to say this.
They were really bringing all the American troops over the NATO allies, fed for themselves over there and cross over and all over Europe.
Basically, he doesn't know anything about foreign policy and his comment was, well, you know, I'll know what course of words if he showed me where it is on a map.
You're dealing with a lightweight. A man who's got no experience in foreign policy whatsoever. I'm not going to repeat all the stuff about Gour, because I read that yesterday.
About the global warming conference that he headed up in Kyoto, Japan and all the other experiences got international affairs.
Bush is strictly a lightweight. That's a compliment a lightweight. Even just in the state of Texas he's a lightweight. Forget about anything beyond that.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd rushed to the phone because you shocked me a little while ago.
I was thinking to run for a third time. He can. A man can only elected twice for president. Two consecutive terms. No, two times periods.
Okay. What's going to make it the real point? I know, but it's so deep. Well, could they can go away for four years and come back again? It's a powerful. Sure.
You that when they changed the constitution after FDR, and you've only served two terms here. Yeah. There's no way it's not. You never end any years in between. Once you serve eight years, you're out for life.
But I was good enough to go over Cleveland. That was before FDR. So I was sitting out the night worrying about bubbles. But I can you can get a bottle. Maybe you can get a new phone. I'd love to have bubble come back.
Remember that song bubble come back by player. I think it was bubble come back. Don't want to play. The guy that's on that awful soap opera that George's wife watches. I think she's even more watch.
The half hour. It got to show us about it. So man, a half hour. All I ever soap operas for years. They've been on for an hour. That one's only on for half hour because there's only one character on a ridge.
Horrible ugly guy. He used to be in play though. They become back. Bubble come back. Okay. Whatever you say, sir, I really don't know. And I don't care. It's a stupid thing to talk about. It's ridiculous. And it's silly. And yes,
Grover Cleveland did when he was the 22nd president and then Benjamin Harrison. I'll beat him in the retro college. You know, I said when he was the 23rd and then Grover Cleveland came back and said, got you.
But that was before they changed the law. But what's the answer to make? What's the point? It sounds like Todd Drek again. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AP and T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile and pop it over each. Hello. Yes, they all I tune a little later. I want to hear this and I put the airhead was making or the empty soup is making a speech yesterday instead of saying resonate. He said,
he's a renegade. He mentioned that. The one he's a resident. He kept saying, resonate. I said, resonate is what he said. Yeah. Instead of saying resonate. Right. So I was wondering if anybody else had called me. Yeah, we talked about that. At least here. It's nothing else. He's consistent. He's consistently illiterate. One more thing, please. Where are these areas come now? Really still want to vote for Ralph Vader? How do they even think about that? That they can possibly even consider voting for the city? Well, beats are out of me. I think they did too much acid in the 60s. Have a great face. Yeah. Too many bad mushrooms.
And you look at me and you see that he's all full of himself and in the big ego trip for him. And he doesn't give a crap about 90% of what the green party stands for because most of it is ridiculous. Anyway, and so radical. Nobody who's not so in other mind would embrace it. But if you want to go ahead and feed an ego trip and depart the problem for the next four and probably eight years, go right ahead. Be our guest. You're the one that's going to have to live with your conscience. You can find one. Here's a mobile and vote.
Okay. Hello. Yeah. New logic came back from the Gore-Leberman campaign rally. That's a you. Was you Lieberman there? Big two Lieberman speaking himself. Oh, it's terrible. Like 80% of them were over the age of 81 foot in the grave. Yard at the 20 college kids you managed to show up. Did he mention a lot? How many times did he mention Bill Bennett's name about 20 or 30 times? At least probably. Oh, only about 20. Okay. He's keeping it monitor today. And it was a campaign launch is with throwing bottles of water up to the crowd. Uh huh.
Now I can be old. She's in the head. Which I would all find me eating if we didn't need to vote. Some of them. I think we love those old yet lost baby. At least until about two next Tuesday. Okay. Good right now.
Good news. How's that pull coming speaking as you Lieberman? Is she an asset or liability? Al Gore liable? Only 132 47.2% he makes no difference. 93 33.3% a third and an asset only 54 only 19 and third percent.
Leave his an asset. Most think he's an asshole and they're right. Thank goodness. Most people do not vote. The overwhelming majority of people except for the old Jews he's talking about.
They're both because of the vice president's or candidate. And I don't want to start ruminating about the possibility of him ever becoming president. Something happening to go in him become
president because that would be a real negative for me to be talking about out loud. I'll think about it myself. I won't discuss my feelings out loud. Or his bill.
Records say out loud. Out loud. Whatever happened to those record out loud. Oh, huh. Well, those are the days. What they. Those are the real salad days as they say. What I mean.
Here's a mobile and for butterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, how you doing? I was just trying to see if you still want to have your car. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've been doing these for five years. Not for maybe if you made a chance. Okay. What did you add? Just hang on and Joe will give you all the info. Okay, find out the what history is. Well, what do you look at me like that for?
No reason. Because we don't know who he is. That's right. Anyone coming in and pops you up my car and scratch it all up and stuff like that. He's gone. Anyone. He just got hung up on. By me. Well, you're right. You have a valid point. We have to know who the hell these people are. We're not going to just to give somebody a chance off the street. We know score effects are damn good looking. Yeah. And I'm trying to figure who was the. Oh, yeah. The reason I wasn't having it done here anymore was the previous guys that we're doing it here. Those bars. They're not going to be a lot of things. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm
not sure. I mean, those guys. They were they were screwed up the wheels on there. And now I got the new fancy wheels on there. I don't want those guys. Dicking with my car. I'll tell you that right now. I mean, this isn't rocket science. Is it active? If you got to find somebody who does a good job of doing your car. How was that exactly required to agree from Yale? But if you want to do it right, it takes a little bit of time. Right. If you take time, you don't make money. Well, if they're coming in here, though, they can wash the cars. You got all these big shots.
And here you got Maddie Bell and John Jerse Greg Reed. Well, Lindsay. That we've anybody on Hank? Hey, but it's after one at five 60. See, I don't there's some people here that just they don't register in my mind. I just outside out of mind. And then of course, there was always. Roy.
Yes, the best of Neil Rogers 2000. Just go to a specs music store near New York, the 2AM dot com on the net. The best of Neil 2000 with great hit. Tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. What do you think this is?
Almost. And this is about okay. And this one infected Haitian hotness. Probably down time riding the baloney pony. Those timeless classes. That's the Neil Rogers 2000 from sports radio 560 QA and Floridians down out there.
Good. I don't entertainment tonight. Come on a bush. Why did you outlaw the buns of steel workout video in Texas? I want you to have an answer. She can pass on from one generation to the net. I want you to have your own answer. She can call your own. Tonight on entertainment tonight.
Take your rest of the next real big in here. I'll tell you that one 13 at five 60 QA and here's a hockey fact. I've seen it and never dawned on me. I wasn't even thinking about both the long course of the plane again. His X team.
I think the hours of the starting in the next. I'll give you clue number 34. You need another clue. John. Fan. These are these are because he's in a one-goolly now and in which letter. So. I mean that isn't that set up a little bit of rivalry there. I'm a bird. Nobody cares. And of course you got Mark Parrish and all like Kavasha or like a senior who are playing pretty good for that.
I'm against us with our what's all the yoke and and we're both a long go. Well the fact there's here's some hockey interest. The islanders will kick the Schmidt out of the punch list. Pussy the Florida Panthers. The islanders are on a three game winning streak. It'll make the playoffs this year. Here's this year. Oh yeah. I like him. Any can play good to solid growth. I know what you mentioned the diesel and make quality doesn't mention be just then I guess to him bears Kenny Johnson actually making the hours up in commerce. The Panthers are pathetic and who the thought.
The big trade was maybe the islands would be Terry Murphy who effed up the Panthers or getting the Schmidt and the hockey stick. Murray boys are proven losers. It says here. And of course we all know. He's got a good point. So there you go. I don't know. Panthers have definitely picked it up last three or four games and vice three games.
Jersey game out of a game in the Jersey game. That would stay blue. But at least they play with a little more intensity. They can just keep the big Schwarcher out of the penalty box. You see the problem is they're complaining about the bad calls.
We see that there's a couple of bad calls but in sports your reputation precedes you and based on all the cross checking and the the rapid punches in the back of guys head and the crap that this guy was doing last year all year long will well.
Now that's the reputation he's got. So if he comes near anybody in the guy takes a dive. He's really a call. You create your own reputation and then you have to pay the price for it.
Every home game last year every time you watch him especially behind the play he's given guys rapid punches in the back of the head. He's cross checking guys. He's tripping and hoping guys and usually getting away with it. Well guess what this year they get away with it. Oh no.
So you can cry all you want to about bad calls but you got to go out there and play the game. You got to go out there and overcome all of these things. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. We're going crazy over here. Yeah. Talk about bad calls. I'm putting you back on it.
I want to talk after the stock after. Yeah. We got this lady in this guy on now. They're talking about direction problems and a call. It just called up while you were on. I was on hold and he was talking about you. He thought you know he was going to get Neil or whatever.
And they said that you're really not a solution to the problems that we have. You're just basically a comment with some sarcasm and once we get to know them we're going to like them.
And I just want to know what I would be. What are you talking about? They're on for a one o'clock hour. Now the food hour the one to two is now some doctor. Well guy in the girl talking about our sexual problems.
You have to be kidding me. I wouldn't catch you about that. Yeah. We're on. So how do we do everything they can to get us off. Oh, you know why? Probably especially maybe it's only a one of these things like before the election. They wanted me to give me off the year.
Oh yeah. And she's saying it's going to be the last coast against the east. I think there's syndicate or whatever somewhere but she is daffy and I can't believe what they're doing to us.
Nice going. Okay. Well, good luck. You're hanging there. Sorry. No to the bad news. I'm not. I'm doing my best. Oh my God. Doing the best I can. And what the bees. You do over there. You know, you got to lose your soul. What's that stock doing?
Oh, eight and one thirty second. It's covering just a hair above eight and one thirty second one teeny tiny like Maria.
Father. Romal says. And I'm going to say it again. CNBC is no different from those. That they have on Sunday morning with the football with the 800 numbers.
Going to give it the over is the under the 18 million winners. All of a sudden. No different. That's all they are about to tell us on CNBC. All these figures will bring on there.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. I have a bit of a problem. I want to be in system. What do you want to become a dynamicologist? Yeah.
Now five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18t and provides them one of the slides. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello.
Mobile in Naples. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil McCombard. I didn't I didn't really see your show too often. But the more I've listened to it, the more entertaining it becomes me.
And I was on one of the other radio stations dot com today. And I always felt pretty good about.
I was out of our course chances. Yeah. After listening to some of your shows and some of the callers that agreed with you are on one of the polls.
I guess this morning they had listed a post and kids under the age of 18 voted instead of Washington. Yeah. Yeah. I can't.
They have a whole bunch of those. They had a Nickelodeon one. And you got to remember that all those people had done on the Internet and every time. So are you really?
I guess over the last a lot of years has predicted the presidency. Yeah. Send by well, that in 40 cents or by about a half a cup of coffee. Doesn't mean anything.
Well, I starved on one vote for gold. But I like that. But I think it makes it feel a little bit better. The latest MSNBC tracking poll shows go at 12 points ahead and floater.
I don't think it feels better. How about Bush? She was pushing her foot toward you for this week coming out.
I was trying to get up there and roll it in. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Doesn't go so well. I'm going to try to work.
Okay. Whoo. Man. Talk about hitting a brick wall, baby. 16,000 open lines. We got four to minutes to go here. The elections only six days away. And the guy that caught early in the show was talking about the colors. God. Are you white on targets? So God bless you.
Man. More and more incoherent. These are the ones they're going to go up. Pull that lever like the guy in the paper. See, we're going to go pull the lever. I've been pulling the lever for how many years now since somebody dropped the lever.
I'm going to go by the soap. The letters to the editor in the Sun Central. They are particularly and particularly hostile. Most of them after their endorsement of our president.
Newspaper bias says Georgia and Michael Homestead. I was about to cancel another newspaper in favor of the Sun Central. She says, first of all, I don't think they deliver the Sun Central in Homestead. I didn't really do. But I doubt it.
Too bad you made the liberal mistake of endorsing growth for president for you to endorse an immoral arrogant man is poor judgment. Yadi, Yadi.
If they're everywhere fear on bias newspaper in South Florida, the two dominant newspapers would certainly fail. There's your chance, Mike and Homestead.
She was just about she was just on the edge, just like my little buddy, the mailman Rick was just about to turn the station there years and years ago over there at the post office.
They had their fingers on the knob right there on the road. They were just about to turn it. Oh, now see me. Good old Rick. He still listening.
Jerry far core of lighthouse points is you do not publish a news organ. You're a promotion element for the liberal left. How do you like that?
A new service would publish who would wear and when and spelled the names right then allow an enlightened electorate to decide to endorse out what cement to conclusion that you're heavily biased. Yadi, Yadi, Yadi. Of course, I guess all the newspapers that endure endorse your W they must be right down the middle.
Am I correct? Did I get a right?
Indoor cement jokes is Joe down, grouse key of baby. What if he's related to David? Thanks for O'Nepe embarrassing. Find out that they've been brought to you the GM of the Marlins was some kind of a right wing group call.
I would be pretty embarrassing wouldn't it? It says you endorsement about grouse a joke. Not as much of a joke is a Marlins, but a joke.
You would have endorsed anyone on a Democratic ticket. The mark of a great executive is qualified people around him. Obviously you don't need to this score.
The people around him like Trent lot and Jerry far well at Pat Robertson and Gary Bauer and Papa Bauer.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, me. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. Did you see all the stuff yesterday on Nader? Was it was yesterday, Nader Day or what?
Yesterday was officially Nader Day so I'm a calendar. Yes. Yeah, I mean at an Arab American day and it's Ralph Nader Day. Yeah, if I didn't know better, I would think the media is trying to prop Nader up just to start to.
To take votes away from Gour. Well, it's not working because he's dropping like a rock. He's got a two and two percent. Well, thank God for that.
And all these people who are going to vote Nader, I just don't, you know, I like Ralph Nader. I think he's done a good job for the country as an advocate.
Yeah, I don't like him anymore though because it's obvious that the ego is getting in the way of his brain. Exactly. You're right.
And I think that the green party is going to suffer from this. If he turns around and takes away from Gour and this election and bush gets in and we have to suffer for the next four years with Bush.
I think the green party is going to suffer and I think that those people in the Nader party or the green party for saying, oh, there's no difference and I heard Nader will say last night that Bush is the same as Gour and if you get George W, you're going to get George Sr. again.
It's going to be the same deal. It's not the same deal. This guy is a bigger dumbass than anybody that's been there since Gerald Ford.
But at least his father was an ex CIA guy and knew what the hell he was doing, the song degree, even though he was a money club.
You don't forget about the trial letter or commission and the voter, but it is in the Illuminati.
Absolutely. But I'm just saying that George W doesn't have any idea what he's doing and it's going to be more disastrous than his dad.
Look, what it comes to Belonis is this. How is it possible? Here we are. It's six days before the election. And I keep asking myself.
As recently as yesterday, this man was making illiterate statements in a speech that he was making on the campaign.
The man is clearly illiterate to say that he's not up to the job as the understatement of the history of mankind.
And yet we've got our neck and neck and neck ways and you've got millions of people out there who like dumb.
For the life of me, I don't understand. You're right. You've got great promotion and the people in the Nader camp should go out here and start checking out some of the information by Paul Bagall's book and so forth.
And I'm going to tell you where the girl people shot themselves in the feet when they decided to do this strategy of going real easy and not being the attack dogs and not really going after them. That's where they really grew up in time. You're probably right, man. Okay. Thanks a lot. Both three times.
Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. That's what Tony Orlando said. Both three times. Remember that song? Both three times. Huh? What do I despise Tony Orlando? You don't have to be a board again crazy person. Yeah. That would be a good question. Who's crazier?
Him or cat Stevens?
No, no, no, no. They should learn from John Lennon when you tube too many bad drugs, too many mysterious drugs and that too many mahari, she's new all crap, you know, starts affecting what used to be a brain.
God, even Tim Lurichard, even though Dennis Lurichard told him that. 26 after one at 5.60 W.D.C.Y.M.
Let's start with us goddamn drug people, okay? And maybe that's why Steve Allen died because he put a little goose on here.
Napster and company weeks deal users to pay a fee. Did you see this? Yeah. It was just inevitable and how to happen because in order for Napster to continue doing their thing, somebody was going to have to get paid royalties.
So are you punk's out there? Are you kids that think they used to still keep downloading for free? Yes, why?
Okay, wrong. Just a matter of time people make use of they want to get paid royalties for it. People make movies. They want to get paid royalties for it.
Yes, there are dozens of other things like Napster. Does that mention anything that all those other ones will be shut down or not to comply or not?
But this is a pretty interesting person, though, don't you think? Yes. Yeah. And those other scenes they're all going to wind up in jail together. In fact, if they get caught in Texas, they're all going to get the needle together.
That's right, especially if your lawyer sleeps to the trial. 20 suits after one at five, 60, WQ. This says it stands for nothing.
Even the problem is you're not talking to yourself. You barely say two words to them and you call me.
One whole hour of the hottest talk on radio. But Dr. Isan. Masterbait. Okay. And I masturbate and call me back in a couple of weeks. Dr. Visco.
Hello, you're on here with Dr. Visco. Dr. Visco? Yes. I know what a pain that I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding.
I am not the kind of doctor. Are you familiar with Dr. Dean? Yes. You should be calling Dr. Dean to show. He could help you out with that.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Do that. Listen. Well, you're unhoved. Masterbait. Okay. All right. Dr. Visco. Weak days at noon.
Yeah. I think that's the show they got to inform us now between one and two. Yeah. The racket while you work show. Some like that.
Yeah. I think it's that they would put that on there will be before the presidential election. I cry fouls what I'm crying. That's right. That's what it is.
A goddamn right-wing plot by the goddamn bees. I hope their stock was down to five. Just to teach them a lesson or two. There's right wing goofballs over there.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you. I'm in. Okay. I'll check this out. I just thought I'd give you a call. I was done in Hollywood here with my wife.
Yes. To the medical center, which is full of old people waiting to see. Yeah. And let me ask you stop. Hope that by any chance.
I didn't see five hope here. Okay. Show to my girlfriend this hospital. Right. I know that. Here was asked about him next.
I didn't see him. So I'm getting a cup of coffee with my daughter away from her wife to get to see if I was not there.
I hit this old man with a cane spewing through his daughter. Now, of course, for bigger government, what's the reduced government?
Oh my god. It's just spewing the right wing crap that I've been hearing from people. And I'm sitting there trying to take it easy.
He's just calling on and on. He said, he said something about alcohol. I didn't even remember what I was. I was just going to turn on him.
I go, you know what? That's not true. And the given is horrible. Look at me. And they go, what do you mean?
I go, I go, listen, you need to go to get the facts back. You need to go to an independent site that shows you both platforms.
So first you draw family. Oh, what is it? What is it? I don't know. I go, talk on this, you push and go, what I take. And he goes, are you a Democrat? Aren't you?
And I go, no, I'm actually was ready to rip open. But you know, I just can't really get the excuse. What you're all for in the last election?
I go, Clint, you'll see. See what I'm talking about.
I go, listen, I look at my face. I have absolutely sick of these thickened people. I go, look, Clint, there's a great president.
You'll go and a few people, cause they're great friends. What you had about to be screwed around the White House?
You know, I go, the different, the people that I don't care. I go, I go, I'll keep on thinking of stopping by and we could buy a picture.
I go, look at him, I go, look at him. I'm sorry, I confused you with the fact. I smiled and I walked away. It was just nauseating.
He's probably dead by now, anyway. I love you, you are, you are, you are, you are it, man. See you Tuesday.
Right. Okay. See you all next Tuesday, boy. Early and often over and over and over again. Just going to keep going, like a revolving door.
I can ourselves the public. I can revolving door in the bank. Just keep coming in and go out the back door, come in the front door.
Keep voting over until I find a catch on. And that's too late. I'd ever got like 25 million votes in there.
Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello.
We're going. I got an update for you. Yes, sir. I'm in Boca, Tom leaving the Florida's Atlantic University. I believe Lieberman's over here, given a speech.
Yeah. Where are we going on? Yeah, two Liebermans there.
Yeah. And I'm leaving up all the other supporters for going Lieberman or inside and outside by the grade that I did.
I got a bunch of British churny none nuts out there. And they're blocking my car. I can't even leave. I wish I had one of those four.
It's worth. So I can I took it over on them. And I view the man and I just want to know where they're going even though you can't.
Oh, brother. Amazing. How many times this kid can, you know, can manage to do it every day without having to just throw it off?
5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Out of town, we might as well forget that out of town line. Now they're just dissecting. They're just, I mean, what kind of programming is that?
One from 10 to 11 or whatever we've from 10 to noon, then they got the stock show at noon.
And then one clock. They got some maple. You syndicated the school show. Oh, only on Wednesday.
That's even better programming. Where the hell are they? Where the hell are they? Where the hell are they?
Man, we're going to have to start reading some of those D-L-L-JL stories on here again to get them straightened out.
Yeah, which one is it this week? Here's a lady in Del Rey. Hello?
Lady in Del Rey? She's gone?
What a bitch.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Yeah, sir. You know, if the native people were really serious about this thing, they would start their party in the off-year election.
Right. Start a real party. Absolutely.
And they're run for president. Absolutely correct. It's totally, totally bogus.
I mean, he native even himself admitted they're going to have a handful of green party candidates on the ballot anywhere in the country.
He's just a very small handful, which I'm sure is what he's got. And that's it.
And also, George Bush gets elected. It could be another shadow presidency, just like Ronald Reagan.
You can have people like William Casey running the CIA. You're going to have the whole government.
William Casey, huh?
You're right. You're bringing him back from the dead.
I think Vince Foster is coming back, too.
Okay, thanks for the good news. Whatever you said.
Now, William Casey, we know he's not coming back. He's real dead.
In fact, he died. I want to say something like that.
An instant tumor in his head and died. Kind of like Jack Ruby.
Yeah. Kind of like Dorothy Koehgallen, who just died.
They had that mysterious act in the eye just before she was going to interview Jack Ruby.
And then Jack Ruby went to bed, feeling fine. One night, woke up with a bad tumor and died like about two-day-one cancer.
All these mysterious things.
Oh, that happened.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Here you are. Yes, sir.
Hey, Howard. Okay.
You know, the one thing that seems to be constant that I, when I speak to people,
the support busher over here, other people's conversations.
And you ask them why they're going to go for push.
I'm going to always say over and over.
Well, Howard, you know, he exaggerates you, lies.
You can't trust him.
Since when, I mean, where did this idea come from?
The George W. He's representative of honesty and integrity and...
Where did that come from?
A big part of that is because the media has let him off the hook on almost everything he said from his military service.
Hey, it just appeared for a year.
To the thing he said about the patient's white-spirin Texas, which is a flagrant lie,
and all this belonging about he works together nonpartisan, he's been going to veto that bill,
and then the legislature passed it over his veto, and he let it go into law without signing it.
The same thing about the hate crimes, bro.
He lied about that during the first debate.
So when W. Y. is the media's works the other way,
because the expectation is he's dumb and stupid, there's nobody talking about.
But if we're exaggerates about something, or start fantasizing and exaggerating a little about something that may have actually happened,
then right away they have to make a big deal out of it to turn them into a liar.
Very close to that, best.
Yes, I don't understand the devil's standards, but...
Is there a way that you say Steve Allen does?
He's still dead, yeah.
When did that happen?
Yesterday, didn't he hear that?
Oh, and after all that centering he was trying to do, I get the sign from God.
There you go. I think God was trying to get a little pissed off.
And remember, a lick version, deep dick in 2000.
Okay.
There you go. Slowing everybody can relate to it.
I think that punk that called before was in the process.
At least part of that.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I feel like incomplete here.
I feel like we're missing something.
Like dessert.
Oh, that's what I was going to tell you about the timing of bananas books.
I think George was working back then.
I may have preceded him.
I don't think so.
There's a drugstore down at the corner of red.
Red road and bird road in Miami.
It's a very famous, I can't think of any road.
Because this is from A to Z.
I may not even be there anymore.
And it's the drugstore that's got the old time soda fountain there,
where they make like real sodas and stuff like that.
And we're a banana splice.
And so it was the same kind of thing.
And I challenged them to come in and make it on here.
And they did.
They came in, they brought all the ingredients.
They brought the tubs of ice cream and the bananas and the cherries.
And made a banana splice right there on the earth.
Oh, God.
So die for.
Huh?
It does sound great, but it's not going to be happening again, Joe.
Friday.
No, we're not be happening again.
Why not? I'm not.
Because I'm a diabetic or fart, that's why.
And I don't need to be getting my blood sugar up to 600 here.
And the middle of the show, maybe it's a plus to fallacy anyway.
It's a foul see what?
About blood sugar?
Oh, just remember you heard it from Dr. Joe to your mama.
It's all a foul see anyway.
As they amputate my leg from the knee down, all Nila was just a fantasy anyway.
That must have been from the fart you had and I'm stood on.
It wasn't that diabetes or wasn't your blood sugar, you had not put 650 from those banana splits.
Well, you are a hazard man.
You are unbelievable.
I know they're paying you like two bucks an hour bucks.
Get serious.
You criminalized pot in Florida.
Now from Washington, the McLaughlin room featuring Eleanor Clifz, Jack Jamon, and sitting in for a Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Oh, here's John the Glucklin.
This you on, George W. rings of vaults.
That one, all Clifz.
Well, John, I have to say.
Wrong.
Jack Jamon.
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I'm going to have to say to both wrong.
Actual answer, floor exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue.
Al Gore, favorite Broadway show.
Bring in the noise, bring in the funk or cats.
Eleanor, do you think it's wrong or?
Well, John, I have to say.
Wrong.
Jack Jamon, Jack Jamon, come on.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I'm going to have to say, not a choice.
Ricky Tiki Barber.
David S. Lesson, I wasn't a choice.
Wrong.
Correct response.
Cats.
He loves them.
Next issue.
The cast of big brother should be murdered.
How?
Eleanor.
Wrong.
Catch your mark.
Sign a mic.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I don't think they should be killed.
Actual answer.
Poison pudding.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
145 at 560 W.Q.
Here's a great article by Michael J. Fox in the New York Times, a crucial election for medical
research.
As a Parkinson's disease patient and a new American citizen, I look forward to election
today as something momentous.
It's not just the first presidential race in which I can vote.
I was born in Canada.
The outcome is likely to have a dramatic bearing on my prognosis and that of millions of
Americans whose lives have been touched by Parkinson's, what is it?
Am I a traffic lateral sclerosis, spinal cord injury, Huntington's disease, Alzheimer's
disease, another devastating illnesses.
And that's because one question that maybe decided on Tuesday is whether stem cell research
which holds the best hope of a cure for such diseases will be permitted to go forward.
Campaignates to George W. Bush who is not publicly addressed the issue stated on several
occasions that a Bush administration would overturn current NIH national health guidelines
and ban federal funding for stem cell research.
Why?
Because the research which uses human embryos discarded from fertility clinics has become
enmeshed in the politics of abortion.
Mr. Bush favors a ban on stem cell research, one aid said because of his pro-life
use.
Yet stem cell research has nothing to do with abortion.
It's not the same as fetal tissue research, the federal funding which was banned by President
Reagan and Bush but has since been authorized by Congress.
Stem cell work uses undifferentiated cells extracted from embryos just a few days old, embryos
produced during in vitro fertilization, a process that creates many more fertilized eggs
than are implanted in the wounds of women trying to become pregnant.
Currently more than 100,000 embryos are frozen in storage, most of these microscopic cumso
cells are destined to be destroyed ending any potential for life.
The potential for saving lives however may be unlimited, given the proper signal or environment
stem cells transplanted in the human tissue can be induced to develop into brain, heart,
skin, bone marrow cells, indeed any specialized cells.
The scientific research community believes that the transplanted stem cells may be able
to regenerate dead or dying human tissue reversing the progress of disease.
According to Cure, a coalition of 28 groups representing patients with cancer, Parkinson,
paralysis and other maladies, no research in recent history has offered as much hope for Cure's.
Support for stem cell research doesn't just come from post-COVID-19 like Al Gore,
but also from Republicans who have included in the words of former Senator Bob Dole
that supporting such research is depro-life position to take.
The list includes Republican senators like Strom Firm and the South Carolina,
John McCain of our Arizona, Connie Maccalflota, and Peter Menachee of New Mexico.
Even Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon, who the National Bicolast Committee says voted the white
way on abortion every time last year, supports the research.
His family has experienced with the ravages of Parkinson's disease,
and he has concluded part of my pro-life ethic is to make life better for the living.
This is the real compassionate conservatism, one hopes that between now and next Tuesday,
Mr. Bush will explain to those of us with debilitating diseases,
indeed to all of us, why it is more pro-life to throw waste themselves
than to put them to work saving lives.
Says Michael J. Fox, a Canadian boy in Outcherned American who's been a vote next Tuesday
and I hear in the M.P.F.K. could be voting for Bush.
Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach, hello.
Yeah, hi, me.
Yeah, man. How are you today?
I'm good.
I listen to you. I don't know what to say here.
I'm on the air, right?
It sounds like you, yes.
Yeah, it sounds like me.
Listen, I have a very, very, I just listen to that line stuff,
and we're there about Mr. Fox, etc.
I've got a very unusual medical situation where I have quote unquote here broken my neck.
I have TMJ. Do you know what that is?
Yes.
I have a sociable, John A.S. Cohen speaking to you.
Yeah.
It's a good quote to hold the phone to my head.
I have, I read with great interest in article about you by Mr. Chica in the newspaper the other day.
And you know, all of your good works that you have done for various groups and organizations.
However, I have a very bizarre situation here where I have been consistently denied medical attention
and has been taught to have psychiatric problems.
Oh, huh.
Well, my best suggestion is, Robert Nessie Jicke at the Sunsettle.
I'm sure that he can probably joke here for the right people.
Here's a lady mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
Okay.
Me too. I also go to FAU.
So it is crazy with these bush-entany people.
But I want to say, I simply tell super-tomorrow people actually are.
To actually think about voting for Bush.
Did you notice by staring all the debates how we had that nervous texting with his wife?
Uh-huh.
Not to mention, of course, the fact that he kept sniffling all the time with those bad nasal patients that seem to be one-away.
Yeah, like that.
I think it's like the worst decision.
He has, like, no experience.
And when he was talking about gay rights and stuff like that, and he was saying that he would tolerate that.
Yeah.
What about radio?
Which is an absolute lie because the article I read this morning from Molly,
Ivan pointed out that the reason that he refused and the Republicans with him text was reviews
to pass that hate crimes bill was because they included rights for gay and lesbian's,
which they were adamantly opposed to.
I think, you know, I just, I think the worst part of it is that when you're watching something like that,
like a debate, and you kind of have your authority that you watch like something like Bush.
And it's like, you see how sometimes certain things that he says are so human-like,
like people can be like, oh, wow, that's so nice.
But then he puts all these other little things in that are people just don't get it.
You know, they, they, they, they, he doesn't, he doesn't respond to any of these questions.
He doesn't talk stuff, and he talks about his generalities about Washington insiders and about helping,
you know, doing things in a bipartisan way.
He just uses the same half-dozen, glittering generalities, all of the pre-written form.
He hasn't got an idea in his mind.
And the best out of all the debates was when the, when that black guy, the older man said something about,
he seemed really excited about showing people.
That was the best.
Well, the only problem was that when go ahead an opportunity to respond to that,
he failed to point out because he's so terrified that people might think he's against the capital of Pummism,
which is not politically correct.
But he failed to point out all the people in Texas, whose defensive turnings were sleeping during their trials,
and the mentally retarded people were executed in Texas under Governor Rose.
That's what he should have done. That's one of the reasons that go his life and that's to try to win this.
I agree. I mean, do you really think with Lieberman, what do you think would happen if he had, kind of like, a social kind of person for gore?
Do you think he'd go to be like a total website right now of winning?
Believe me.
He's got a real social guy. Believe me, that's Lieberman. That's the best I can say for him.
No, but I mean without the Jewish part.
I think the Jewish part, I mean obviously it's got some quiet impact that you're not going to ever know about,
but the fact is he's awful. He's a terrible candidate.
Yeah, you know the one that I was like.
That was great. That was beautiful. After all of that, to go through that whole thing.
Our program is Joe Lieberman and I said, reliability, Al Gore, reliability 157.
He makes no difference. 105, acid 65. How do you like that?
Acid 65, asshole, all the rest. What they're really saying is, he's an asshole just like you, honey.
That was really brilliant. They really must do a great job of educating the FA in you.
157.560.
