Go agree, indeed, and grow, more than 560 on yourself, all.
You opinion the legal discussions and colors.
You must necessarily represent those of the monthly blood test.
It's that, advertising the agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 Q-A-F.
F-R-S-F-R-O!
Now take you inside the governor's mansion in Telehassy, Florida, where Governor Jeb Bush is seeing how things are progressing in the Bush counting room.
767.
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning, Governor.
Good morning, Governor.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
I'm David C.
But now he's the official anti-quite because now the Spanish language radio stations are labeled in as part of the neo-Ragges homicensual agenda or whatever it is
You're the underlying, or under something.
It's if they don't have enough important things to worry about, and how come it is this kid that is being held over there in Cuba that
Now what is it?
It is the mother that's over there with the kid and the father is over here and wants his son back over here.
Are they making a big deal about that? Oh, no, they're too busy down here in Miami day.
He'll and wait. Oh, son. Wait. Oh, son. It's not a deal. God understands. It's not a mob
Because we already know there is no mob. There's such a thing as a model. No, there is no mob
But let us in
Georgia's pool yesterday. What should I go do?
Kind of like a Latino and a godfather. What should I do? What should I do?
Strike them up the side of the face. Maybe wake them up already
You see one thing about these two candidates. They aren't any better now than they were before the elections
Just like I told you they both suck and the only reason I voted for growing the only reason that I've been praying like crazy
praying to his way in there is just to keep push out not cuz goers any good because they both suck all for them suck
I want to surprise the chain he had another hundred
I'll try to was just like me. Well, I thought I wasn't having a bit of a chain you last week
That's gonna be the new name anybody at any time. I have a little bit of heartburn real bad gas
What's in a heart attack?
We just just paint you just paint yeah
I just need to get a gift. I don't know nothing just a story
So tell you not our George but George W
Cuz he'd be smart. He's not like Fred or he's smart
Can't you tell so anyway Sunday night we get home from the airport just in time to turn on and there's bush making
Is hey, I am the president will be one speech and
Even Chris Matthews that right wing a group ball MSNBC that Nazi that chubby Nazi and drag
I think he's gonna roll up with rushes what I'm here on even he comes on there and head would miss
That it was the most pale ghostly
Performance in this you he looked like the deer in the headlights again there
He was trying to read it off the teleprompter and he looked like he was scared schmittless. He had nothing words out of his mouth
But who I think we got in I think we got in and you also must keep in mind isn't it fascinating what a genius jet bush must be
That he was able to tell his brother that he won at 2 30 in the morning on the election night
out of six million plus vote in the state we now have a difference allegedly a
537 in favor of W and jet knew all along don't sweat it we the fixes in we got it
What did you receive must be
And of course he's putting on this bag act like all while he's recused himself
But if you read between the lines and read some of the international newspapers a lot of the articles
They're probably weren't reading about here is that Jeff's been working real hard in the behind the scenes
To do everything is part of make sure that brother gets in
And of course we know that you know what we ought to do for a pool today
We have to find out who's got the best eye licenses. It really can't inherit some maybe care board and Palm Beach
Huh?
Let's say that for one day later on when we can never get this crap over with
So you're just poor yesterday. What should I go do take it from the rivets?
502 of course keep in mind that all of our boys people pretty much they're gone
Bye-bye. They're all waiting for they got their radios on doctor over and now waiting for it to warm up for a big fat rush
So the community can repeat the same tired or
Fascist crap that he's been spewing for years all the same rise all the same B.S
All the same pure unadulterated I'm tickled with it
He finally needs been on here for 100 years finally got a number of course they're all old
But that's okay. That's only a trend and they'll be gone after the election is over if it ever ends
Nice gun air fatso finally little little little inwards in his market
502 said Grocer take it to the limit 62.1 percent
306 said he should throw in the towel throw it in 37.8 percent of 808 votes
Pretty heavy duty total considering we supposedly have no audience
Anybody believe we have no audience? No, it's just that to see the bush people being the honest people
You don't understand that just just like Bush says oh he buries in people although they do prefer machines to hand count because machines are more accurate
Are they more accurate? No?
I
Mean you talk about wine to the teeth everything is a lot. I got an article from the
International Hill Tribune which is we printed to New York Times service from this past Saturday November 25th, which I'm gonna read in a couple of minutes
To show you how full of crap James Baker and all these other fascists are
About the recounts and about Dipper ballots and all this other crap right there in Texas they had a recap
Not we're not talking about a hundred years ago. We're talking about in this past election
In the state of Texas a
Henry County was a hinge job. That's right
They had a hinge on an estate of Texas
And all the limple ballots any one of them by the way which you'll hear in the article every one of the Dipper ballots was counted
How do you like that?
The way that's like Texas all these things that they keep making jokes about about Dipper ballots and pregnant chads and all this other crap
It's on Constitution and that's fashion James Baker was just under they have a they have a new legal team now
I think they're bringing in Johnny Coquering. I think they're bringing him in and again the legal team to take on the boys
It's just you got a laugh at it only people getting over with something new or friendsy. I guess it's it's beyond that point
And I was over there for 10 days and Amsterdam but of course when you got your satellite vision to see an M
CMD I see all of the crap you can't get away from it
Every minute that you have the TV turned on it. There even interrupting music videos now. I'll say hey Bush got another vote
Yeah, whatever and nobody you can't get away from it. It's part of your body. Everybody look. There's a pull for today
Who should rightfully be the next president?
Bush or Gore
Did you ask that question while I was gone?
Okay, well I think it's you know this is just your opinion based on the election the shenanigans the
What all of it all these things who should rightfully be the next president Bush or Gore pretty simple?
And I brought back something really good besides drugs from Amsterdam. Oh these are drugs actually these are for cut these are crop capsules
Not that I have a cough. Oh, I didn't think I was having a
big change last week
Or at least part of that
But anyway, now I tend out in this guy got reflux. Let's talk about me. I was waiting for this disease
That's more exciting than it's not really the reflux the suffigators
Yes, they had that ultrasound of a heart. Did you ever had that done? No, that's the new thing ever
It's in full color and you sit there on the screen and you watch the blood flowing in and out of your the red it's flowing
And I guess in the blue and back and forth up that phone computer for whatever whatever hell it is. It's great
And then they've been sheep punches up a key on the keyboard on the computer and now you see the
Heart waves and you actually hear the the heart beating and the blood going in up
But that the giant sucking sound but I did bring back retard capsules which I thought would be very appropriate
Not only for the management here at QAM, but also for the voters out there who can't seem to get it can't get away
Anyway, I want to read that article in second 10 out of 60 10 at 5 60 WQA
No function to serve. Maybe losodcast would have obsessed the Jillian. You can try talking so that Lane is
Entertainment ed Redight George W the election is over
This Go to
As we can
15 to 5.30 W to QM happy Tuesday to as the beat goes on.
Maybe we can milk this for like another month or so.
All right.
Smooth Texas rally dimples and all is the headline in this article from the International
Hero Tribune this past Saturday, November 25th.
It says state law and common sense by the county's trouble free recount.
On Monday morning this morning last Monday, county officials gathered on the second floor
of Smith County office building in Tyler Texas.
The hand recount requested by Bill Hollowwell, a Republican who had apparently lost this
bid to one seat and incumbents they represented.
Sheriff's deputies were posted outside the door.
Eighth and a crutch and eight Republicans go into four groups to the table set up around
a large room and began to go through the 11,121 computer cards one by one.
By mid afternoon, they were finished.
Ten ballots on which voters had depressed but not punched out the paper squares or Chad
had been added to the count three for Mr. Hollowwell and seven for his Democratic
opponent Bob Glaze.
There were no disagreements, no partisan dicking over the dimpled Chad.
Mr. Hollowwell's defeat was confirmed.
It's very obvious when you see how they have indented it said door is dunkey.
The deputy clerk in charge of elections in Smith County, common sense just tells you
that's the intent of the voter.
While four election officials have dragged through the courts of their disputes over what
kind of dimples count and which kind do not count, the legislature in classes has made
it much easier to handle such recounts.
A Texas law enacted in 1993 says that local election officials can count dibrivales
provided the reveal intent of the voter.
When we started this recount, the Secretary of State's office told us we'd have to use
our own judgment about what the voter meant.
Siddlery Craig or the public air yet county judge who worked with Bill Martin the fellow
Republican on the recount of votes in Mr. Hollowwell's race.
Nationwide the kind of guidance that is drawn from Texas law is rare amid the patchwork
of tradition, regulation and common law that governs the counting of votes.
In California, a card that hasn't been fully punched can be recorded as a vote only if
the chat hangs by a single corner.
In Ohio where state counts the courts have thrown out dimpled ballots, the Secretary
of State has directed the chat hanging by either one or two corners to count in his votes.
The state of Washington lets each county make its own rules in some different way they
count, but Texas largely follows the rationale of some of the state courts that have spoken
on the issue such as those in Massachusetts and Illinois.
In its decision Tuesday the Florida Supreme Court did not establish any clear guidelines
for judging dimpled ballots although it cited approving the 1990 Illinois Supreme Court ruling
that said the intentions of the voter should be given effect even if pieces of chat were
not completely dislodged.
In Florida, a Palm Beach County Circuit Court ordered the county's election board wins
that it considered up to 2010, indented ballots ruling that the canvassing board could reject
dimpled ballots only after seeking to determine the voters' intent.
In Miami-Dade County, county officials had separated out thousands of dimpled ballots
when they stopped the recount Wednesday.
Texas officials contend that their law adopted in 1993 before George W. became governor
so it's a tough standard for dimpled sheds.
It's a fairly high threshold so Jeff U. Bank has written the Republican Secretary of State
Elton Vol. 1 Bush appointee it has to be an ascertainable or measurable intent of the
voter.
Smith County officials had no trouble with that standard.
Mr. Howellbo who preeled Mr. Grays by 2000 votes the mandatory count.
Mr. Howellbo also exercised his statutory rights to specify whether he wanted it by hand
or by machine.
The right given the candidates in the 1997 reform signed by Mr. Bush.
There were no disagreements on any of them, Judge Craig said of the dimpled ballots.
In fact, there were no dimpled ballots that were not counted.
There were lots of folks there, Judge Craig said on everyone it was really easy to say
this was the voter's intent.
Judge Craig said that even if there was no preparation the dimpled would leave a gap
in the pre-punched shed that would allow a tiny bit of right through.
The main ones we changed were ones you could see the right through, he said.
Mr. Howellbo gained a handful of votes across the three counties that make up the district
and the vertical.
How do you like that?
And like I said before I left for vacation, the idea that this country with all of our
technology is going to have elections with punch cards with all the technology that we've
got, what we have these touch screens in some states or at least in parts of some states
in some counties, touch screens and then after you make your selection just like when you
go to the bank of the ATM.
Is this what you really wanted?
Yes, then you go to the next screen.
Instead of this cock-a-mainly crap with butterfly ballots and dimpled chat and all
of this other, and the meantime everybody's arguing about this like this makes sense.
Oh, of course not.
This is supposed to be served God-being important, at least that's what they all keep telling
us.
This is so important.
And the meantime, and they also keep by the weekend about the fact that half or more
people usually don't bother voting even in presidential elections.
And if there's anybody out there, I asked a question before I left for vacation and I could
always by time ask him it again.
But if there's anybody out there who really believes there will ever re-enove the true
outcome of this election, you're a wish-run up your back-to-mass, okay?
You're a wish-run in the dark.
I mean, I think I got a pretty good idea.
And I think the Bush people got a pretty good idea.
To the group, people got a pretty good idea.
I think they all know the girl run.
He won the popular vote by over 300,000 votes and he's going to wait a short of one of the
electoral college by winning Florida.
Otherwise, what would be the hysteria?
Why do they keep stalling and stalling in delayed-a-hand counts?
If there wouldn't have been stalling and interfering in the handcuffs, there could have been
done days ago.
And if Bush there would have been a hit, fine.
You're in.
Here's the keys.
Have a nice time.
Don't drink too much, especially while you're driving.
And let me say it again.
There's one sentence from the article I just read, thousands of ballots in Miami-Dade County,
Wimple ballots, not ballots just with no vote.
Undervote, overvote, no.
We're talking about ballots that were dimpled, that were set aside, but never were counted
because, among other things, David Leahy is a spymus coward in the mass rule.
Make no mistake about that.
At least.
At the very least.
That's the kindest thing I can say about him.
And of course, we had a couple hundred votes in Palm Beach County, but they couldn't
finish quite in time.
One of the reasons they didn't finish in time is because they kept doing counted in
the webters.
Oh, we're starting.
We're stopping.
We're thinking about it.
Well, maybe we should go ahead.
Maybe we shouldn't.
Maybe we have to wait for somebody to pass us on ahead and say, okay, it's going to
be all right.
If they just were to all started and kept going right on to this would have been over
a long time ago.
And that's what we do.
We have to be talking about that, alien, junior, whatever that kid's name is.
And of course, the part of the spingian that they're loving now, and that they're all
talking about the Republicans is, well, you see these pairs, the public are getting
impatient.
And of course, they're getting impatient for quite a lot because it's the thick and
28th of November.
The election was three weeks ago today.
And with the short attendance ban, let's face it, this is no Jay.
We had an insatiable appetite for that.
We couldn't get enough of that.
That could have been still being going on now.
But for stuff like this, especially when you're dealing with two of the most boring people
in the history of politics, excuse me, for the most boring people in this year of politics,
the public can't get revert excited about it.
But we're supposed to, because this is supposed to be very, very important.
All sorts of things are hinging on this.
And I'll say it again, when you've got all this amazing technology, and when you're
flushing money down the toilet like it's coming out of a faucet, I'm talking about
a tax dollar, to think that they couldn't afford a few billion dollars to make sure that
every state had state of the art technology so that your vote really does count instead
of all this rhetoric about it really supposed to be counting.
Then I'd be impressed.
But this is a joke.
And of course, they just like it, other articles I read right at the election, they love
doing this.
They love the paper ballots because this is the greatest way for Hanky Panky.
This makes it possible to fix the election.
All these abs and keep ballots, all these fanden ballots.
How about up there in what the hell is that county enemy that heard from Nassau County?
And they even know we had a Nassau County in Florida.
They did the manual recount and they came up with the 51 extra votes for growing.
They said, no, we don't like that number.
We like the machine count better so they turn that one in to our friend up there, the
secretary of Bush.
How do you like that?
Just out of a trill.
I mean, we know that we got 51 more votes for going here.
They won't go back and stick with the machine count.
Yeah, we don't do.
And this is the, these are the people who trust people, the Bush people.
They trust people.
But in this case, because it's not an experience for them, because they just make it up as
they go along anyway, whatever is it speeding for them on a given day, then they like machines
better, even though it's proven that there's a 2 to 5% aerobate in machine count.
And who's going to declare a president based on a thousand percent of the vote in the
state, that it would seem to me that accuracy is what we should be looking for.
The number we're looking for, oh, excuse me, I'm sorry.
Here's a colonel Evan Ture.
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Yeah, I'm a first time for you know, it seems to me that the, the, this, the LAN case
is what that, what the, because all the, all the children decided that it was because
President Trump sent the, the, the kid back to his father.
They're having an ice life, okay?
Here's a guy that wants to talk about LAN again.
Do you know what I mean about new people?
Most of you people shouldn't be allowed to vote in the first place.
How smart do you have to be to punch a guy named Card?
I mean, that's another issue here.
Oh, yeah, the ballot was illegal.
And yeah, there are a lot of dumb people who don't have to be a genius to exercise you
right to vote.
But how stupid is it possible to be?
I mean, if you want to come up with reasons, how about we often later, there's 98,000
votes in Florida.
How about two Lieberman who blew up in the gross space all over the South and who knows
and of course right here in Florida, how many thousands of votes did you leave them
in cost as opposed to the ones that he gained?
And what about all those thousands of absentee ballots from Israel?
Did they share it up?
I don't think so, no.
So, don't give me a song and an answer, but I was like, see, now I'm glad to hear this
now.
Now we've got some really, this town specializes in it because what it really boils down
to is David Leahy and Dave County.
That's, and did I also say that?
On election day before the first vote was even while I guess I had already voted.
But before most of you had voted.
I say, here's one time when your vote's going to make a difference because South Florida
is going to decide the solution.
And a lot of people probably thought I was nuts.
I was right on top and my thumb on it.
And Dave County as usual can screw up a lettering anything.
I mean, you name it and Dave County can do it.
And here's a guy in Evan Chura wants to start screaming with a Cubans again.
So, I'm not going to participate.
Call up one of the Spanish language radio stations and go, pop the gun down like that.
Don't know.
They don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Start making guttable sounds.
Because I'm nauseated with that crap.
How about the illiterate people out there?
I don't want to get into an ethnic thing here on the side you have them to.
But how about those illiterate people out there who can't read?
Well, I was sudden turned out in these great numbers, but couldn't cast the vote because they took out them stupid.
How about the elderly and the infirm who didn't got them punched the thing all the way through?
Forget about the ones who are confused by the Buchanan things.
We thought they were voting for James Buchanan.
Forget about them.
I mean, we're talking about a lot of stupid goddamn people out there if you ask me.
There isn't rocket science.
But it's a Cubans.
In fact, we need Amy Schaefer.
It was Cubans.
Cubans.
And you know something?
I saw on CNN at the big scene that mob they had in Dave County, all those people.
And I didn't see any of them that looked at it.
They were all screaming in English to me.
Let us in.
Let us in.
None of them look cute into me.
And believe me, I can tell.
Oh, yeah.
That gave me that 4-scam thing.
Of course, I was watching over there in Amsterdam.
I could have been just outside of Wanda.
Floridians, dumb out dirt.
Say it against me, Dart.
Come on.
Floridians, dumb out dirt.
1041 at 560 WQM.
So, let me tell you this problem.
We are total for a pan-parenthood.
60,800 Navy bucks.
Think it's pretty good.
It's all right.
I hope we got all of these December to go yet.
And a couple more days in November.
You can go to your spec stores, all over South Florida, including over there in the West Coast, Naples and Fort Myers.
Spec music.
Pick up the best of the North Sea Ds and cassettes.
Let us 100 Q-Chains remain.
I should point that out.
Really?
That's what it says here.
Let us 100 Q-Chains remain.
And the only way we are going to get those is on our van hits when the girl goes out in the QM van or to our website.
You know, rockers.com or WQM.com.
If you care to go to that one, which I doubt.
But I mean, you know, they like to get a couple extra hits on there.
Huh?
But do it.
Let's get up over 100 grand.
We're going to be pretty guided and embarrassed about this whole deal.
560, or any of these lines working, they are not.
Because I know line 5 is still out of operation, which I see is what's happened about six months.
Oh, yeah.
Don't overwork these guys.
Don't come back and start pitching.
You got to ice check for being away for 10 days again.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, here.
Hey, Neil.
I'm so depressed.
What's happened?
About what?
Oh, man.
They're going to be allowed to buy money from the dolphin's jacket came.
And the dolphin's lost because they just got flying and they didn't play high enough.
And I want to reach out.
I want to sue them and make the judge.
Yeah, okay, great.
You're real genius, pal.
Call up rush.
Okay, call up on your Spanish language radio stations.
Everything is reduced to a ball game with people like this, just like these assholes on there,
even James Baker and these other idiots.
Well, you know, they want to change the rules of the ball game after the game is over.
Now, the answer to what it is is that the Bush people want to declare the game is over in the seventh inning,
or like in the top of the ninth.
That's what we need for a fountain.
So you're intelligent here.
Your ingenuity just astonages me.
It helps me realize where I am that my feet are back on floor to soil.
Thank you for letting me know where I am.
Thank you so much.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 and T and for why is the wireless one.
The entire world is focused right here on top floor of the Palm Beach.
By the way, congratulations to Brown.
We're going to slow getting their act together.
But once they did, they finally said, okay, I guess we were supposed to go ahead and copy.
They did. They got it done.
That was it. All over finito.
Here you go.
Here's the right number.
How do you like that?
So we're going to know people are going to pick an honest and broad,
because there's a lot of oral people up in Brown, believe me, including me.
But the fact is, at least we got it done.
But Palm Beach and Dave County, that's the Chigar in the wood pile right there.
Okay, let's see if we get a real call here yet.
Paul, who should write for me the next president?
We're 33, bush 17 out of 60 so far.
But that's the scrub because the bush people are all over there waiting for their radio to eat up for rush.
Watch it up, I'm going to start the ride every day.
And then those people will start putting this down in their diaries again,
because they won't be so first off.
So if you just go, it makes sounds like that.
Yeah, and then they can play some of that music they like.
Yeah, something they can relate to.
Here's Pumbal Pine, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
I just came out of the idea since the Republicans are trying to make a voice for like it was a comment.
I'm a Vietnam there and I hate to see you when people use the military.
You're probably going to make a voice feel like he's a communist?
Yes.
That's what not mean that Bush is trying to make alcohol look like he's a communist,
with his military vote.
I was in a military vote in America.
The Marine Corps and I know them well that if you don't sign your name and if it's not posted, it is illegal.
This was the directive from the secretary of Bush herself, Catherine Harrison Tyler Hassey.
Yeah, but they're trying to put the blame on alcohol.
They're blaming everything.
Let me say it again.
Nobody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail can believe that because the secretary of state who we,
who the Bush people believe when it's expedient, she's the one that's in the directive.
The Erie County in the state that if a, that if an overseas ballot had no postmark,
it was not to be counted.
That was her directive.
Yes, but they pointing the finger, our goal makes an envelope like you.
Yes, thank you for repeating it to four times.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, good.
God almighty.
This is unbelievable.
What does this state political consultant, Herman H.A.Varia?
Approach Mayor Pierce to see if he might talk to the canvassing board last Wednesday.
Well, that's great.
We have a lot of right wingers masquerading as Democrats because it's a southern term.
I don't know what you all getting so ripped up to a frenzy, but because like I said, they all suck anyway.
All four of them.
Including that meeting about due librenment.
And if there's anybody who thinks in hindsight, now, but all the way said it ahead of time.
See, it's easier to say when the deal is all over with.
Or anybody can have hindsight.
It's always at least 2040.
But anybody who thinks they're putting due librenment on the barrel will say a positive for the poor people.
That probably by itself could have crossed the direction.
The under the surface anti-Semitic vote, believe me, it's out there, especially in the south.
And all over here in Florida, on the funny place in Florida.
Too many Graham.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hey, Neil, what's up, buddy?
Yes, sir.
We're at your back.
Swap in Miami.
Listen.
Star report.
I got a pass on the fishing crew.
He, uh, the Mayor Pina Picanis was there on the show.
He hit him the month so far in the wall.
He couldn't breathe.
Yeah, the cut, uh, the enemy's show because he couldn't have another question.
Yeah.
And he had a pat, but then he owned the accident about the while.
And he had, that's the pic of that.
Big, big.
Listen.
Yeah.
What's the thing with him?
Who are these?
Listen, Neil.
If that one had been a group of swathes, uh, uh, by Russian 18th row, we'd have been a, we'd have been a death row right now.
Yeah.
And Texas probably, yeah.
In Texas, though, death row right now.
You'd be in the needle right now, would you want it or not?
About a room full of crackers, or a storm, the room, they, they tell them to stop them.
I'm pissed off now.
I'm, I'm ready to shoot me a, uh, shoot me somebody, bro.
All right, little bit.
Okay, well, just let me give you one piece of the device, pal, before you go off the deep end, chitting in the leg.
Okay.
Okay, come down.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, at least we got somebody that fired up and pissed off out there.
Some sparsaries all whipped up into a frenzy.
I wonder if they got all that crazy, uh, before after we all shrugged and showed up.
Yeah, we got Jesse down here.
We all shoved him down here.
We got James Baker here.
We got Erie O's jump of Akator that ever was born.
He's right down here.
The hotbed of incompetence of crap.
That's what the state specializes in, whether it's Arianne, whether you name it, we got it.
We got an un, and never ending your supply.
Just open up the window.
Just take one quick sniff and you'll smell it.
Yeah.
And you'll lower your 21 before 11 and 560 WDQ weapons.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio, 560s, few, a half, what you found out?
Thank you, Bernie.
I'm Bip Kudal, Lawden Pog Beach County for stealing.
Talking with residents, I believe they should be allowed to vote again.
What is your name?
It's Marius.
Right.
So you believe you should vote again?
Well, this is okay.
This is me calling Kruroch.
Let's talk to this woman.
Ma'am, why did you age?
Well, I'm ending in 46.
You actually believe you're 146 years old.
I voted for you, Bernie.
I'm free.
And how about you, sir?
I still have sex, and I peed my pants.
Yeah.
What about the election?
I already told you.
I still have sex.
Look at you, I have it.
Well, residents in Palm Beach County, Florida, has to print these strong ideas about this election.
Thank you.
Okay, this is 202-560.
WQAM-5607-0560, POM-560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
That's something somebody fastened me, at least on one page of it anyway, which makes a lot of sense.
It says, the majority of Americans were united throughout the dreary election cycle by a lack of enthusiasm for either candidate.
On election day, half the population that chose not to vote expressed its wishes, at least as clear as the half that did.
When the results are finalized, the lesson to pundits and politicians will inevitably have an absurdly tout is that despite the need for a few technical fixes, the system worked.
A more sane conclusion would be that it didn't work, and that we need to scrap the electoral college, publicly finance campaigns, your free airtime to all candidates, and disenfranchise corporations.
Yeah, there you go.
The whole thing was just a big gigantic force, and here I look, my luck.
My luck. First time in years, I waste my time voting.
I could have slept an extra half hour on election day.
And then there are going to be those people saying, oh yeah, but you know what this person was?
Your one vote could have made a difference.
Why?
They just don't understand.
The fix was in before any votes were counted.
Here's a mobile and a West Palm Beach. Hello.
Over the West Palm.
Oh, they must be still trying to fight with Holes stick it in.
Here's a lady mobile and Cooper City. Hello.
Hey there.
Yes ma'am.
I have something to say about this election.
Yes.
Those votes were counted in West Palm Beach and Miami-Gate.
If the Bush campaign and Catherine Harris kind of filed lawsuits and put up her votes and don't stick some tantrums and get everything in the power.
Right.
They kept the blanket until the obvious deadline and then she kept making arbitrary additional bedlines.
Just out of nowhere.
Well you have to look like the largest somebody who's letting it go.
Because George W. Bush knows that those votes were counted.
That he was the happiest winner of this state is Albert.
Right.
And he did everything in his power to make sure that people's voice was covered.
And I'm sick and tired of these polls.
Nobody's called me and asked me what I think the elections over or not.
Okay.
Good luck to our president.
That's what I feel about it.
George W. Bush stole the state of Florida.
He stole it from the president.
And the reason why he's running towards this transition team is because the inevitable is going to happen.
He's votes are going to get counted and he's going to be stopping his track.
Okay. Well, cross your fingers and your legs.
That was a good idea.
At least the last part.
560.560.560.
On the 18th and the rise in the world was one.
I'll pull 84 votes.
Who should rightfully be the next president in your opinion based on all of the events, all of these things?
Will it be 62?
Bush 22.
Somebody you'll 4% to 26%.
How do you like that?
Of course, that's our heavy-goer audience.
And then of course we have some emotional cripples out there.
Some weaklings who are caving in and saying,
well, I don't know.
A Bush wanted to just give it to him.
It's all over.
Okay.
I mean, if you feel that strongly about them, why did you about reporting in the first place?
And if you've needed that ignorant and that stupid and that easily swayed by the spin-back doors of the far right, the spin machine,
even your Goddamn washing machine don't spin it as hard as these Republicans have been spinning your rhythm.
As they try to purer wet and spin their way into the White House, though, I'm surprised.
Forget about the key to that Goddamn, the transition team office.
Forget about that.
I'm surprised they're not trying to knock down the doors of the White House.
Here's a call from Samford, Ho.
Yeah, Neil.
Don't give them any ideas, you know, they will be knocked them down.
The machine camp, that was all right with the Bush folks because, you know, they were behind a couple hundred votes.
Handcamps would be the next best things since sliced bread.
They would have said, look, we have handcamps in Texas and it works just great.
Right.
And why don't you like those?
Right.
Like I said, whatever is expedient for them to end the thing as quickly as possible for long as they were ahead and they were going to be in the White House.
And to avoid counting votes that they're pretty sure are going to go the other way, then that's good. That's great.
Right. And there were six Republican counties in Florida that were handcamps.
That's correct.
And that was good, too.
That was fine.
But anyway, the seminal county was also fine in that South County when they did the handcounter.
They had 51 extra votes for where they said, I would not think so.
We'll go back to the machine camp.
That was fine, too.
Well, actually, that was the second, that was the automatic machine recount that Dave Gord, 52, won votes.
They said, forget it.
We want that original count from election night.
We'd like the first number to be better.
Yeah, that was better.
The seminal county case with the 4,700 illegal, ancient key ballots, I guess, you all heard has been moved to Leon County.
That's supposed to be heard, I guess, today.
And then the Andre Padawawa suit in Palm Beach County for the re-vogue is also going to be heard by the Florida Supreme Court.
So don't be surprised if the Florida Supreme Court does say re-vogue.
Well, you know, something out of each county.
I said it to George before the show I've been talking to other people about this.
The Bush people may really want to be, in fact, they're probably thinking about it right now.
Maybe they shouldn't have been quite so harsh in their comments about the Florida Supreme Court about how they re-vote the law and change the rules in the middle of the game.
And they all do all these other things because they just trashed the Florida Supreme Court and these great states rights people.
And now all of a sudden that the issue of the re-vote is in the Palm and the Florida Supreme Court, they may want to get in there.
Well, it's only up to us and the Lord of God and the Lord of God.
Okay. So the Florida Bible.
Yeah, God.
Yeah, yeah. Okay, sorry.
560-560, Tom 560 on the 18th and Verizon, where I was wrong.
We're going to have a plague of locusts that get Lord to sow pissed off.
Even though he's a loving God, we're going to have a plague of locusts because he sow pissed off about all these things.
You watch. You mark my words, man.
We've already had the bull in the heart of the tech.
You know the food? That's right. I thought I was having a dick-chaining myself.
There was a squirrel ran across the screen on the outside of the town, the outside, thank God.
My pet was, and my dog's right out there was screaming in the oven.
I think that was a sign.
No, no, what are you laughing about? There was a goddamn squirrel.
And my dog's right there trying to grab his nuts.
And that's a sign from God that this is just the beginning.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Wait until you open up your goddamn window on a nice surf fall day like this.
Thinking you're going to air the house up and all of a sudden a plague of locusts, millions of them come flying in there.
Because this load above that you crazy people out there keep talking about this, this kaka, this nonsense.
This wrathful, hateful, his wrath is waxing hot, just like my heartburn.
Oh God.
Well, I feel better now.
So that's a good piece of advice when you have that little idea that you know, in your body just filled with all my cash.
First thing that I'm later in bed, this is when I had that like bullet in my heart feeling and it wasn't really my heart.
I'm later in bed and I'm just, I'm getting, I said to myself, I'm getting every bit of gas.
This is literally out of this old body and I got up to the next morning.
I felt great.
When in doubt, it out.
I'm telling you right now because God also invented that.
Here's a lady in bulk.
Hello.
Hello, is that me?
And he invented that aroma that goes with it. Yes, ma'am.
Good morning.
I would like you to tell your listeners that tomorrow is both of a tone at 630 at the moment.
Well, is this some rally you're having?
Yeah, this is.
Okay.
I'm not, I'm not playing again.
You don't want no pop luck sufferers.
I will not participate anymore rallies, any more civil disobedience, civil obedience.
I'm sick of that.
I'm tired of it.
You know, and next thing, they'll be the busing and people will grow and leave them.
And you know, first we have to show a Luzerman placards and I will be growing and the original ones again.
They're all busing in their agitators.
I kept the crap already.
Well, what's the point?
Every damn quote in this state is busy right now.
And the judges don't have time to go take a crap.
They're so busy.
It's in the courts where it will be resolved for right or wrong or whatever.
But that's what's going to happen.
All your rallies and all your pop skiing around and all your screaming isn't going to do a bit of good.
Not going to do a single bit of good.
Keep your office through, I guess.
But you think where the holiday is coming up, you have better things to be doing right now.
An addition to which the retail people out there, they watch your waste in your time with that crap.
You're supposed to be spending your money right now.
Let's get that economy going, God damn it.
I see the NASDAQs taking another night's afternoon, which my philosophy now is fine.
Let it go down to 2000, I don't care.
That's when you move in like a vulture and you gobble it all up.
And then you watch it go down to about 1200.
And I get that asshole out there, all these experts, everybody's an expert.
Remember the guy who was talking about Chipwitch?
And it's up to like, it was actually up to 31 one day.
That's about 28, it's hanging in there.
But I think it's making a little bit of a comeback.
If ever gets close to 40, you just wait and see how fast I sell like crap.
I mean, that's a good, full order note.
You got it at what, 70?
150?
300.
Hey, that met your shman.
Is he know what, huh?
No.
He don't know crap.
He has nothing.
He hasn't got a clue on anything.
Then of course, there's always remember with that $0.07 and $25.
I hear that some oil bearing is just bought up.
30 million shares is $0.00.
I'm jagging on it, just thinking about it.
You know something, I think we had a sick building here.
I'm jagging, I had a...
You had a...
Huh?
This is not a fresh new building.
No.
Still.
You need to get like some of that air in somewhere,
at least your incense.
So, yeah, that's mommy in here, really is bad.
You almost see the haze.
Mobile in North Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Nobody's talking about the real side pick here.
Who's the blinker?
Oh, he's the man that we're in right now.
Yeah, and who's that?
Well, I'll be the...
Yeah.
The man hadn't gotten in, we wouldn't have to be all be recomping both.
No, let's be...
Okay, great.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60.
On the AT, I think they got a call before the first guy in Evan Ture was right about the Cubans.
I think he had a good point.
Here's cross-spring, hello.
Yes, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back from the Netherlands.
Uh-huh.
George did a great job.
Yes, he did.
And the Germans worked.
What?
He did.
The Germans worked.
Uh-huh.
Listen, did you see the article in the Wall Street Journal yesterday about...
I don't read the Wall Street Journal, it's a right-wing rag.
Okay, well, they came out with a story that said that the people that were there in Miami riding
inside the building when they called off the count were brought there by Tom Delay with funds paid for by the Bush camp.
Right.
They were bust in, they had all the factories or all the facilities.
They were the ones who were paid by the Bush camp.
Right.
They were a professional Ojohn provocateur in Miami.
Well, I think it's against the order that disrupt an election process.
Well, don't confuse people with the facts.
They still have fair and square.
Don't you understand that?
When you go out, you think they got caught, though.
They still have fair and square, man.
Well, I think you're watching them in the process of being caught.
Yeah.
I mean, if Gwall would have conceded on, you know, election night, they probably could have claimed they still have fair and square.
Well, they gave it their best shot.
And that's why W. said, hey, my brother told me I won Florida.
How come you're not conceding?
How come you're changing your mind?
My brother told me I won.
Yeah.
And he's got his thumb on it.
Well, as Al Gore said, your brother isn't the final decision maker.
Mm-hmm.
Well, let's hope that the courts did the right thing.
Okay.
All right.
You'll cross your fingers, sir.
I'm my leg.
Say a blow.
Okay.
He's on his knees.
560.
560.
560 on the AT.
I mean, I don't know about you, but I'm ready for this to be over.
Here's Jesse.
I've picked this shirt.
From the rainbow coalition.
Hopping people are asking them for their voter registration, the ID, the driver's license,
forms of intimidation.
Yeah.
See, now he's talking.
This is yet another issue.
This is the smarts who are intimidated and kept from voting on election day.
Because the Bush people knew damn well who those smarts were going to be voting for.
They're going for Al Gore.
Hey, hey, hey.
Go on, dark folks.
The only problem is, have somebody stand over your shoulder and teach you how to read.
So you can punch through that thing next time.
And just one of them, please.
This one, hold.
1056 at 560 WDQM.
What we're here, those stories from African, I am the punching to behold, and sight is
what I'm here.
And Payment Wicked Price for us.
But anyway, another story for another day, another show.
I bet you'll all ask, won't be talking about that.
No.
All you professional right wingers out there, the white males, that's where the problem is.
Of course, that's most of our audience, but that's okay.
Don't bother me when we did it.
I get paid regardless.
White males, and that's where this whole big rushlin' bar thing, all of a sudden I don't know where.
They said they're hero.
He wrote it on his big fat goddamn pet pig.
Yeah.
435-572-QAM by Ammy Port Lagardele of Beasley Broadcast Group Station, WQAM.com or the World.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
But first you get in the pizza sh**.
First you get in the pizza sh**.
First you get in the pizza sh**.
Because the junior is a pizza sh**.
The rich spoiled men, that's a ghost can't judge it.
But be fun and do it all, I can't pay money.
He don't give a crap, a bus, people go on a drink, a joke of bruising with stuff back.
We can't find you left, she is just as prepared.
We look in all over and it's still like this.
Hey, Georgie Junior, where's your left, she's low.
Why do you want to raise a group like that?
That you get lower to a average college kid, a drunken party, and you can teach,
a possession of drugs.
But a wispage like you, you can hire a judge who gets a rate, cash, blend it, and the pig gets fired.
Wow man, what's your unit in the pizza sh**?
But first you get in the pizza sh**.
What's your unit in the pizza sh**.
You're gee, you need me to pizza, sh**!
What's your unit in the pizza sh**.
What's your unit in the pizza sh**.
Bye!
Du you want me to pizza sh**, you need me to pizza, sh**!
So I can do it in the pizza!
Alright, level 2 of 5.50 WQM and like I said before, you're dealing with rampant media
which I think is perfect for this country.
I think it just fits like a rubber glove and of course if it don't fit then it must be full of strength.
Just exactly what we deserve is what you got there.
I mean these two sounded like there's voice declaring he and Cheney are the... they're in.
In a ghostly performance that like I said in the first hour even Chris Mathews couldn't believe how gansely and low-pest he looked.
Parafide, deer and headlights would be an insult to the deer of America.
And then here's Gural last night and it's most important 5 minutes of his life to try to win his PR campaign
to try to stop that spin from moving out of control in the other direction.
And while I didn't see the whole thing, I mean the two minute clip that they showed on the news this morning.
He was an insult to cigar store Indians to make a comparison.
It will be.
He was more wooden than his goddamn counter that I'm sitting in front of this piece of crap.
And this is what they give us to choose from and we're supposed to get all ripped up and out in there.
And then we're supposed to go and conduct what's called an election.
It was supposed to be the freest and most democratic country in the world with a bunch of paper or toy ballots
with little swing and chads and pieces of crap floating out all over the place and people holding up to the right people most of whom are over the age of 100 and can't couldn't see if you stuck it right in front of their face in the ballot too.
So excuse me if I failed to get as agitated and psychotic about it as most of you evidently are or at least a lot of you.
Because it's I'll say it again I've been consistent all the way through.
They're both crap.
Bush is a bigger more dangerous piece of crap but they're all for them pure on a dog-ready crap.
Where is Jesse if we can just hang on for four freaking years for Jesse Ventura to come riding in on his goddamn horse.
And you just see that riding across the frozen tunnel of Northern Minnesota.
Of course it's kind of hard to get across those great lakes but maybe go freeze up just in time.
Maybe it'll be an act of God at the great lake.
Oh God!
The freeze over and Jesse will ride it on his chariot right down there to Washington DC and you have to leave the G out.
You don't understand that.
No, what Washington?
This is WTOK.
You got to talk like good old guys out there.
Washington DC like you like your kind of a little bit like you are a little bit.
Which he is.
Is he a little bit?
He's gone.
Here's the needle springs.
Hello?
The needle springs?
Was that a hang-up or was that the... he just dropped it.
I think he just dropped it in the phone too.
Here's full of waterdale, huh?
Oh, hello.
Yes sir.
Is there anybody awake in alignment with this goddamn town?
There's waterdale! Speak to me sir!
No, I'm sorry, my mind was floating.
Okay.
I apologize.
How was your vacation?
Great.
Sensational.
Good, good.
Now I'm back here with the same picking up where were we left off?
I hope you don't mind if I get off the subject of politics for a second?
Yeah.
But I'm interested actually in your opinion about something if you don't mind.
And what is that?
Well, first of all, I'll give you a little back.
I'm 22 years old.
Okay?
I've been living in Fort Hutterdale now for about three months.
I was born here.
I was raised there I guess.
And I moved to Knoxville to Tennessee.
Whoa!
And I probably sound like with this girl.
I'm being serious.
All Tennessee's on the side.
Yeah.
She saves me.
I guess.
From a lot of things which I won't get into.
Well, let him get you saved you.
She saved you from what?
Myself.
A little bit.
And it worked.
And she made me help here.
You know, I mean I did a lot better without her when I was a little bit better.
Would you let her do that?
Or something?
She's shaving you a bath?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
She didn't do that.
Actually, she was a dominatrix.
So occasionally she did.
But anyway, so about an hour I'm getting back on the greyhound.
Because I don't have too much money.
Yeah.
I was kind of like a writer's wife.
And I'm here to there.
It's not for you.
And I'm going to go.
I'm going to go to back to see her.
She doesn't know I'm coming.
She has no idea that she was just down here two weeks ago.
And we provided up to ten times together.
And you know, like I said, you know, all so-and-so has on the side.
What do you think?
What do I think of all one?
What do you think I should go?
You're calling.
I have no idea who you are.
I have no idea if this dominatrix, what else she's all about.
And you're calling some, some bulls-o-one, a radio show to ask me about your wife.
What do you do?
The bus.
The bus.
The answer is of course, go forward, man.
Get out of here.
Okay.
While her getting is still good.
Okay.
And Leo, Leo, Leo.
Leo.
You're a good guy.
You're almost angel.
Don't be so bitter, my friend.
I'm not bitter.
I'm just telling you, get a life.
How did I time pal?
All right.
Okay.
Show me a few more shades.
Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
No.
No.
So that he was a shripper, like he said.
Well, then, look.
And now that he can be a big shot like you.
At least one good thing we won't have to be asking about those bonus checks anymore.
Who won't?
Not as the numbers keep on like those.
I'm still waiting for the summer.
I'm not the summer.
It's only the 28th November for Christ's sake.
You just better calm down.
You better know your place, Mr.
Thank you.
5.670.
So this guy, seriously, get on the bus and go.
What are you asking me for?
Just do it.
Christ almighty, even not still Tennessee looks pretty good compared to this joint.
Just look through a few more of these calls.
If I haven't convinced you yet, you will see a few of these calls.
You'll be flying on that bus.
You'll be driving it.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Leo?
I'm doing great.
Well, you know, guys, I have a problem.
I'm going to get back to Max.
I'm not strong because I have to kick Jim's Baker out of a bedroom.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, what do they really flage me is all these people talk about how American
public is looting its patients for this thing.
And you know, it's a good because the Republicans really didn't care about our patients when
they, when it's not to use drag to throw impeachment for a year.
They have no problem whatsoever with the American patient.
That is correct.
We were supposed to sit back and however long it takes, we're going to nail his ass.
That's correct.
Exactly.
And the other thing about time is that, you know, they're talking about December 12th.
December 12th is a drop dead date.
Well, I don't really think that's true because, you know, according to Florida laws, if the election is overturned, the judge will simply put in an order of
ouster and they will remove whoever was elected.
And in this case, it happens to be the electors.
And so it doesn't really matter when it is.
Yeah.
So, more or less time's going to interior.
I don't think any judge is going to do it.
Well, I mean, that's what the law says.
You know, the final thing I want to bring up is, how are they going to deal with this blatant problem of the fact that
the law says they shall manually recount.
So, how do you get the rat that's going to go out?
Can I tell you where the problem lies?
Who is responsible for that?
Those seven bozos on a Florida Supreme Court.
What was the big rush?
Why can they have given them two weeks?
Why do they sit at deadline, especially over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, when they knew that it was virtually impossible for them to complete counting over six months.
And so, over 700,000 ballots in Bay County by hand, why didn't they give them like two weeks to do it?
And we still had plenty of leeway before the December 12 deadline.
Well, I completely agree with you.
So, you know what a Supreme Court blew a big time, baby.
Right.
And James Baker said this morning that the Democrats asked for an extension.
That's completely untrue.
David Boyz not only did not ask for an extension, he suggested that the judge lift the restraining order on the certification, allow the certification to go through immediately.
And rather just prevent them from appointing electors.
So, to say that the Democrats asked for an extension as a complete mischaracterization of what they were asked for,
you're right, the Supreme Court took it upon themselves to make that extension.
And it was terrible in hindsight.
Absolutely. The worst.
All right, Neil.
Good luck to us.
Yeah, it made a worse.
Instead of making a federal made a worse, because they said, okay, well, you can go ahead and recount.
But you've got to do it in a half an hour.
I mean, that's really what it boils down to.
They gave them an unreasonable amount of time.
It was they knew they couldn't get it done.
So, it was a catch 22.
What do you say, 22?
Oh, Bush just got 22 more votes.
Yeah.
Any number you say.
You say a number in the state of Florida.
You'll say it out loud.
Yeah.
You just got nine more votes.
That's the new Florida F and law, man.
Ten past 11 and five 60,
but when you might need them as a buffer, he might need a cushion.
I know that the God even loves Neil Rogers.
Hey, you want a run faster?
Jump higher and make that blind see again.
Why?
You want to move like the wind?
So are like an ego and raise people from that dead.
Oh, yeah.
But there's only one few little things.
They've got to move.
Here, Jesus.
Jesus.
Here, Jesus.
Take a put up there, huh?
What they'll do for your game is a miracle.
Oh, God.
It's all a lie.
You're supposed to get out.
You're supposed to get out.
You're supposed to get out.
Yeah.
Why?
And just one of the buttons, man.
You're supposed to get out.
What the hell?
You're supposed to get out.
You're supposed to get out.
You're supposed to get out.
Where are the only few things that you can see?
The secret of here, Jesus, the lines of a civil,
the packet of cushion jams is filled with apios.
Carefully laid into this scene.
So every part of your footage always walks even the other way.
So now we're responsible for any water chamber that turns through water.
Come here, come here, Jesus.
Look to the only air Jesus cross-trigger.
Air Jesus.
And it'll make you feel like you're holding your head.
One fifty to five sixty w.
You're stopped by the pack.
We are located at nine sixty five.
Not a hill or plantation for all your shipping needs.
In this holiday season, mention the lodgers.
They give you ten percent off.
And we thank them for feusing for the great job.
They're doing a handing over our shipping for our fundraisers.
They're the best stuff for our plant parenters.
Sixty thousand eight hundred eighty bucks so far.
It's okay.
It's really pretty good.
I mean, considering that it's this radio station,
if it was on my computer radio station,
you would have had over a hundred grand already.
But it's on QAM, so we're doing the best that we can.
So stuff by specs and pickup our stuff.
We're going to neo-wages.com, please.
Now, hey, Grover, get flying with a crew today.
We got Hank with Robert Jones at five,
Boogshombie six to seven fifteen.
We're going back to the ball.
I'd North Carolina show it at seven fifteen,
but it's an 8K after the back seat belt game.
How come we haven't had no calls on reflux as often as so far?
On neo-wages ailment.
Huh?
So, and it's a lot more interesting
than talking about the stupid guy demolition.
Seriously, if you had like bad indigestion,
which you would tell me just the people you know,
something like this bad indigestion.
Keyline pie would have all of that back to the road.
That into a bad goal of grit and giving the schmitz.
And it's bad.
In this instance, it was real life.
That's some bunch of bozos up there that they want us to think
that they're important.
Are they important?
No, they're not important.
They're bunch of assholes.
They're bunch of grave robbers.
Reflux is suffigitis.
Just everything.
Oh, yeah.
And it gets up into your like upper chest,
like on the sides, you know?
And then you think it's a heart thing.
And then you get all panicking.
And then you have that stabbing thing in the middle of your chest.
And you think for sure you have it in the dick chainy.
And you go, oh, wow.
This is it.
And then you go to your doctor.
Yeah, actually, you know, my doctor's a cardiologist.
I actually found out something you know something about yesterday.
About the heart.
And that's something, after all of this time, Dr. Dick.
And his little friend Jerry.
How you doing, Jerry?
Hey, Jerry.
Oh, we're going to the airport.
I went in for my plan to Amsterdam at MIA.
I'm sitting there in the, you know, I was in the lounge for a while.
And I go down by the gate waiting to board the plane.
I'm hiding my own business.
And here come two guys over to listeners.
And they're friends of Gary from Dr. Dick's office.
They're probably listening right now.
And the whole conversation which went on much, much too long.
And even when they got on the plane, I'm sitting there up in business class.
And the shoppers that they are, they're passing me going back.
And they see me, hey, hey, boy, do we bust that Jerry's balls or what?
Gary, it's already talked about is how they bust Jerry's balls.
They're going to knock on his door through the morning and wake him up.
Yeah.
Well, what do you do for a living?
Well, I bust Jerry's balls.
Yeah, I mean, what's your claim to say?
I bust Jerry's balls.
But anyway, Dr. Dick knows his heart stuff.
That's a great thing that's the machine.
I mean, I don't want to get anybody in cells upset.
But it sure as hell, I mean, the heart test was good.
That was important.
But this is much more graphic.
It's much more, and also there was a little bit of calcification.
You know, that showed up in the heart test.
But much more beyond that.
For a color no less.
Have you never had that done?
Yeah, they have.
They have it done just for the fun of seeing all that stuff going on.
Those sort of short.
Although watching the heart is not a very pretty thing to see.
It's a gross thing.
And it was squishy in the movie.
Yeah, but oh man.
Let's go open heart surgery show.
Well, it's just a, well, test.
It's like, it's like, it comes through in your, it's dark.
And they said I have like a little leakage in the order,
which is not all the, not a big deal.
I guess I've had that for a long time.
I said, I said it doesn't like a little leak.
I've always said that.
But anyway, it's okay.
And I just got a lot of bad.
Yeah.
So if you hear some sounds, if you're like sitting around and listening
your radio and hopefully in the dark room and you smell something,
you want to doubt, you got to let it out.
It brings you great relief.
Also, it's, there's a lot of things you're like losing the excess weight.
You're getting a page of instruction.
Things not to weak.
Fatty foods.
Like those clear cuts, there'll be no fatty foods.
Oh, sorry Scott.
And no chocolate.
Damn it.
Now, this should be chocolate in the first way.
No citrus.
Or there's no citrus.
No citrus.
Like a canker.
And coals, man, I drank diets all over there by the gallon.
By the lea.
Take me to the real leader.
I mean, just drank tons of it.
And it was just killing me.
Diet cola.
Even our caffeine-free.
But the cola thing, what does it mean cola that is a killer?
I don't know.
More sour than any.
Huh?
You have to have chocolate.
No, I can have it.
It's up at the coals are real bad.
Also tomato products.
Like a very acidic.
Especially if Jeff Cormorings is because it said Jewish Italian food.
They were real hot acidic.
By the way, speaking about hot sedum.
Oi!
Directing up in Israel again.
Can you be- I just don't understand this.
Because over there, of course, we get CNN International.
And then with all this stuff, they keep breaking in and hooking up with the US food.
But every newscaster leads story.
Middle East.
The Middle Eastness.
And you know something I don't want to hear about the Middle East.
I'm sick and tired of here.
I don't give a flying crab about the Middle East.
They're all crazy.
Whatever they get, they deserve it.
All of them.
Every single one of them.
They're crazy people.
Oh yeah, but we got a shoot and killist Palestinian kid.
Just so what's the thing to feel better?
Shuron.
I think it's what we just ate.
If they were just took up a seat with a new aerial.
He'd feel better.
He wouldn't be so hostile.
Well, he can't see the guy.
Then pictures on there.
Either get in the cable or put a new aerial on his TV.
That piece of crap.
That's that Jew.
Oh, you shouldn't be saying these things.
You're gonna- first it was a bush people he chased away.
Now it's gonna be the old Jews.
But you know, I'm too bad.
We're out of vote.
Yeah.
Have somebody punch it for you in a ballot too.
You silly old Jews and Palm Beach.
Serve you right to vote.
You know something?
Now that I look at it, I think it serves them right to vote for Buchanan.
All of them misery that they forced it on the rest of us.
All these old Jews down here.
Serve you right.
Vote it for a Nazi, huh?
And James Baker, by the way, said they're gonna track down those Jews and vote it for Buchanan.
And give them like a free tattoo for Hanukkah.
That's what he said.
Serial?
No, no serials, not kosher.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
I made it for Sunrise already.
All right.
You're hitting in the right direction.
You're in Broward now.
You got out of Palm Beach County where they can't put one and one together up there.
Those days, they're idiots.
I know, it took a long time.
Obviously the judge reports, whatever his name is, is...
Why?
Why?
I was just going through the radio because somebody talked.
And he says, you know, he's whining that the Democrats are trying to steal the election.
And to prove the point, he says that popular neo-Rodges, Amos-Half-Lorrod,
it told everybody to vote 100 or 200 times.
And then he went away on vacation.
Can you blame this?
Yeah.
Can you blame what I could blame what he said?
You must have done it desperately for material.
Yeah, but you're a native.
You told people to vote 100 times.
I wish they were to listen to me and tell them it wouldn't be in the special right now.
That's true.
Okay.
Good luck to us.
Matt Rij, where is really desperate?
That's all right, Matt.
Just spell the name out.
I can use all the publicity I can get.
56670560, pound 560.
Here's their Schneider-Ronner again, hawking a Chinese base problem disappearing.
Yeah, disappear with police.
And they'll come back.
Of course, this has been a tremendous bonanza.
CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, even at awful white wing Fox News Channel,
with a little swastika in the bottom of her corner of the screen.
The bonanza for them.
Their ratings have been in the crapper.
We know most of ours are right now.
For a long time, the last good thing the headroom was alien.
And then we went through months of despair, of desperation,
and the election that nobody really seemed to care about.
And all of a sudden we get, we get a goddamn girl, my man.
Like Diana said, we struck the motherload.
Do you think these people have any idea what I'm talking about?
No.
No.
Okay, I'm enjoying it.
Here's Papro Beach, hello.
Hey, Neil Howard.
Okay.
One of your conservative looks in her face.
I get one of the few.
One of the few that has, of course it's not noon yet.
So it noon, I guess you'll be turning over to her.
Well, if I got to work yet, I might listen to Russia.
I try to go listen to both sides.
I want to do, um, want to comment on what happened in Miami.
And then if you don't hang up on me, talk about the other hand count.
Um, what happened in Miami is, you know, the way I see it,
you might disagree with me, is these people, uh,
were counting votes or started to count votes.
And in turn, they had decided that they were going to take the 10,000 votes
and move behind closed doors and count.
That's when the quote unquote riot broke out.
So in other words, they should have just like all those hundreds and hundreds of people
who were bussed in those professional agitators.
They should have just let them in there and had chaos.
Well, Andy, what would you expect, um, you know, from your point of view,
if you had three Republicans that wanted to take votes that had not been counted yet,
and then we're going to hang out closed doors and count them on what's, you know,
if the result is, you're going to like, uh, not the other way.
So you're telling me that the work ought to be any observers watching this procedure?
Absolutely not. Newsweek was the first one to file a lawsuit to let say,
hey, you said you just let us in here.
The first one, you newsweek was screaming a lot of them in.
Well, I wasn't here so I can't really comment on that.
And I don't have any reason to doubt you.
But if that's the case, it just proves to me that David Leahy is even dumb enough that I already said he was.
Well, you know, I mean, just goes to say, I mean, I really can't fault somebody for long to make sure
they could at least see how the vote was counted. It's my thing. That's why that's why.
Well, what do you mean seeing how their vote was counted?
What makes you think that any of those people who was their vote?
Well, it's very interesting.
So those people who have bussed in, some of them weren't even from Florida.
They were bussed in from, uh, got only a little who were?
Well, they were. How were you voting for the president of Florida?
They were voting for the president of state.
But those went to a vote?
Well, that doesn't matter if they're voting, it was for their candidate.
They have a right to watch the process.
No, you know, you don't have a right now. If that's the case, the 250 million people all have to come in.
So you're talking crap, okay?
I'm going to get ahead here if I listen much more.
I'd like to, you know, show you what a great guy I am and how fair I am by letting you spewing more bull crap.
But I can't listen to it.
My head is just climbing from that.
Well, what is it saying, the constitution that we all have a right to witness, uh, to be in the room to watch our votes counted?
Does it say that?
Oh.
Was the public allowed in the room in Palm Beach?
No.
I mean, if there were not observers there from both parties and I, and now after him saying that, I really have no way of knowing.
One way or another because I wasn't here.
But I would agree with them on that.
But the idea that people who were brought in and God damn buses by the busload, the time delay, right wing professional agitated lunatics,
that these people had a way to be near your crazy, so you know that.
And what is it that you were afraid of?
Why are you so afraid to have those 10,000 ballots counted?
That's what I'd like to know.
And you want to know the answer is easy because you know that if those ballots get counted and if they wind up in the certified total,
it's the court rules that they must be part of the certified total that goes to the election.
You know that.
I know it's a bush people know that everybody, even a moron knows that.
So at least if you admit that, I'd have much more respect for it. So here's an honest guy. An honest fascist.
26 past 11 and 560 WQAM.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560.
QA. How young is two young?
The leader of the leader.
And that's the whole election of the leader.
The leader of the leader.
And that's the whole election of the leader.
But by yourself and your spirit, it's not just a piece of shit.
It's not.
You got your name on the ballot.
And you never have a chance.
You got your name on the ballot.
The way you were the head of chess.
With Bill Lolligan.
And the man that will ring your hand.
Thanks to you, the right winger.
The leader of the election very well.
And now the right winger.
The leader of the election very well.
So are the votes for a guy.
Try to be 60 miles from there.
The leader of the election.
And that's the whole election of the leader.
The leader of the leader.
And that's the whole election of the leader.
So by yourself and your spirit.
And drop the deck into the smart one.
And see if you can lay the mouth and say it up.
Try to lay the head to the sweet one.
So try it.
Your call out.
And to your street.
Anybody out there want to join the Ralph Nader fan vote club?
It's 11-33-5-60WQL.
I tell you, this is the best thing, the best place
of those that's happening in a long time.
I forgot.
This morning, you noticed a couple people came running here
very concerned about me because the word was,
I guess it's pretty well in the building that I'm going to have my heart checked out yesterday.
Because I had a little bit of a arge it over there last week.
And one of my salesmen, I see the bad part, it's going to come back.
If I don't talk about this fast enough.
One of my salesmen, who I've seen four times in the three years past that I've been in this building.
By the way, congratulations to Ken Morgan, the employee of the month of QAN.
That's been all one place, Ken.
Take the pin, you'll never get it again, like I said, take the money.
But anyway, what was I going to say about our salesmanager?
It came in here.
I've seen this man three times in the last three years.
And I actually was sitting here just a minute ago during that commercial break.
And I can't think of his name.
My Alzheimer's isn't kicking in.
I can think of everybody else's name.
I can think of I could tell you names of horse races from 40 years ago.
My memory is just fine.
I can't think of his name and I'm thinking, yeah, what my mind is doing.
So let the other way, it's it's cleaning itself.
Yeah, it's throwing out the trash.
And because I've seen this man so barely, and because he has so little to do it,
but he was so concerned, obviously, to make sure to actually see with his own two wives
that I was still here in breathing and touch you in the, no, not touch and feel.
Give me a clue as to what he's named.
There was an airport in Pembroke Pines.
Ray Perry.
See, that was bad.
That was too easy.
Not just I forgot this man's name, and it was sensational.
Nothing is a bad guy.
He just, what's the word I'm looking for?
Useful?
Yeah.
Useful.
We have a lot of people in this place who fall in that category of useful.
Some of them are nice people.
Some of them are not.
But useful is the Bible here at QA.
Speak at radio stations.
Tom Zicker writes, had you seen this or used it?
No.
Also sports kind of a thing, so you wouldn't have talked about it.
Sports station sells time to religious show.
Oi!
Sports station WAFN, the fan, 17 million on a radio dialer seeking salvation.
So it's Tom Zicker.
Strat Procation having lost a dolphins coaching show because Checks bounced.
WAFN will begin selling blocks of time between 9pm and 6am on weekdays to religious broadcasts
they're starting December 4th.
Oww!
Oww!
One consequence will be an inability to continue building itself as mine is only 24 hour sports station.
This is a jab at competitor WQM having 4 hours of the Elijah show needs to spline up.
WAFN will continue program the mixture of locally produced and Fox Sports radio programs
from 6am to 9pm and around the clock on weekends.
WAFN General Manager Tony Yikara Kawa-Wir to you, whatever's name is,
said the infusion of cash from religious broadcasts will keep the station solvent.
Let me like that.
Let me trust you guys.
Since I even read Perry would laugh at this.
Since signing on in August 1990,
WAFN has failed to draw a measurable audience in the arbitrarial ratings
rumors of WAFN's possible demise were fanned.
Nice plan with your time.
WAFN will fanned with programs featuring dolphins offensive and defensive coordinators,
Chan Galean, Jim Bates,
and after their coaches Checks failed the clear.
Collapet Yudd said the Checks bounced because the station for its bank account.
Or he must have picked that up from Watar and the Beeways over there.
Nice going there Tony.
Yeah, that's the thing they learned from the freaking Beeways.
How's their what's your name doing?
It's right next to the bus.
How's the Cheon?
Yeah, sorry, actually.
What's going on?
I'm up the job over this hot toilet, I think.
She's doing the bank account.
Yeah.
WAAAAD!
Yeah.
So you're admitting that you've been listening to the radio?
I do.
I took a little bit of time.
You got a little bit there here, Randy.
She's a goddess.
Thanks for going to start turning on your gun if you start through an attic.
He's going to turn on you.
Hey, stupid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, C.
I talked my way all the way to the next break.
What we had about a 45-minute break there because we had two pompadoparks brought back to back
because Troy Schradfer can't seem to get his ass together down there.
You know, Troy, who's this year's...
Troy!
He's a keen front.
So that's the thing we have to have some sportser, extra dolphin player, whose name has got the
letters R-O-Y.
But we have Rob Conroy.
We've got a Conroy on it.
Yeah, anybody that's got a...
Troy!
In your name.
Or is Rob Conrad?
Well, change it to Conroy.
As long as it's got up in the name, you can work here.
And maybe he can do his uselesses or what he means.
22 before knowing that if I'm serious, I forgot his name.
You could have paid me a million dollars.
I forgot his name.
Outer site, out of mind.
This is 560 Q-A-L.
If I had the authority to do it, I'd take you out of the right now and take your goddamn
piece in.
And I had a checkmate pay.
One day she chewed away.
She chewed away.
But with the right name censorship, there are words of nothing but food.
To each other, how do I feel for a day?
So, if you see pay, if you have...
I'll see you in a video on a tune.
The thou is Q-C-K.
Tell her I'm a seri-save.
And the FCC won't make me sing this.
So, I'll night-roll, she say, now it's Q-C-K.
Take her hand, gently say.
That after the transmission, I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see pay, if you wanna...
Then I'll see you with key.
I'll see you with key.
I'll see you with key.
15 to 0, 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday, Tuesday.
It's only two weeks after the election.
What the hell is the big rush?
560, oh, and I say the big rush?
560, 0560.
0560 on the 18 and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of town, 877, 785, 6345.
Pretty quiet over there in the West Coast, huh?
You get all the calls from the four buyers?
Mm, couple.
Ah, they still trying to figure out what election we're talking about.
Here's a mobile and a hallowed dial, hello.
E-O.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
I'm on a winning and I'm getting off this elevator.
Sorry, I'm sorry, I came back with a bird.
What?
It's not a bird.
Remember, we had those spots for a while, that bird.
No.
It's the...
Did Ray Perry sell all spots?
Yes, Joe, a top of the GLE flood system.
Oh, is that what it is?
Yeah, it's something I've heard.
Everything's got a name.
Yeah, it's pretty, it sounds pretty gross.
Yeah.
Is that what they told you, Hannah?
Yeah, that's what my doctor said yesterday.
Of course, he didn't know too much, but that's what he said.
Because my heart looked great.
Well, you had a heartburn like more than twice a week.
More than twice a week?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's...
Technically, it wouldn't be a diagnosis of a bird, which is what you're talking about.
What if he puts you on any medication?
Yeah.
What do you put...
I have no idea.
Something to be able to pee.
I have no idea.
I hope it's a trial effect.
Yeah, what was that?
Fantastic.
Is that good stuff?
Are you peddling that?
That's the best stuff in the world.
Actually, that's the only...
It's called a post-component inhibitor.
It's been out for, I don't know, 12 years or so.
What does that do?
Basically, it shuts down all the answer production in your stomach so that you don't...
There's just no answer being produced or enough, anyway, that's two of these blocks up back into your...
Did you tell you about your lower self-adjeele stinger?
No, you did not mention anything about my stinger or my...
That's right.
What happens is the...
Well, you haven't had just been nitrous throughout the day or...
Both.
See, what happens is you have a sphincter at the bottom of your stomach,
it's very poor your stomach.
Funny, I never knew that you had a sphincter down there either,
but it just relaxes and allows that to add to the shoe back up through your throat.
And that's what you've learned all that time.
Exactly.
The only thing that's got all kind of instructions and the one instruction that I find really amusing is
lose any excess weight.
Yeah.
Yeah, they try to use these, you know, lifestyle amount of conditions initially,
but I'm glad he puts you right on the TTI because a lot of the conditions are...
You know, they're afraid to do that because they say that it's...
They get a little too strong right off the bat.
Oh, no, my doctor never met a pill he didn't like.
He's digging the pill.
He'll deny it for his digging the pill.
Not perfect.
But that's a good thing to do to the doctor if you do an act.
A lot of them will try to put you on the sand tack or a tagging mat or some crap like that.
And was there each two or a...
No, he goes right to the bomb every time.
Well, my...
I just...
You're right.
I just still happen to work for the pharmaceutical company in the world.
You'll pay for sure.
That's okay.
Everyone's got to have some functioning life.
And I vote for the one by the way.
What is it?
I voted for more by the one.
Yeah.
But anyway, which is probably not good for my industry, but that's okay.
It's a humanitarian vote.
Anyway, I'm in this area, so I told George somehow and I can maybe slide by the...
I'm not that many.
I continue to use a lot more.
Very expensive.
Yeah.
About $107 a month.
I know you get big bucks for you.
Too much for me.
I can't afford it.
It always helps.
I think I could talk to George up here.
Okay, thanks for the advance.
Hang on, thanks.
Okay, talk to him and find out.
I'll give you some pre-drugs.
Maybe that's some good stuff for you, too.
What is all about free folks?
Don't ever forget that.
And especially free drugs.
I don't know.
Yeah.
$5.6705, 60.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Benito Springs, hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I just wanted to let you know about the new report and the paper that they have at George's
store all this stuff because he's going to make everybody all bitter and mad.
So, in 2004, it comes.
Everybody's clinkin' his right into the white and off.
Uh-huh.
What's your thought about that?
You want my honest opinion?
Yeah.
$5.6705, 60.560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
She's going to be sliding out of the White House very soon, so in a couple of weeks, she's
going to be sliding out in about four weeks.
And we'll not be sliding back in any time soon.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, it's caffeine that's in cola that's bad for you.
Well, I hate guys who are in caffeine-free.
Well, I don't know what to tell you, but that's what it is.
No, the reason that.
But that's not what it is because they bring out what they're in caffeine-free.
Caffeine-free, no caffeine.
And it still just turns your stomach.
It turns it like a cauldron.
Then I don't know what else is in cola.
I mean, God knows what it is.
God knows, I'll ask him.
Listen, I just wanted to add two more names to those 40 Democrats.
Yeah.
That's Theresa Rappour and that Judge Bergen and West Palm Beach.
Because in my opinion, these were the people that divide.
Please be heard of Raymond.
Judge Bergen's out of Democrats.
He's a Republican.
No, he is a Democrat.
No.
He's the one Republican under the tree of them.
There are two Democrats in the cauldron and Theresa Rappour, and he's a Republican.
Oh, because I thought I read that he was a Democrat.
No.
Okay, well, that's one down.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay, bye.
185 votes are far.
Who should rightfully be the next president in your humble and probably not to well inform the opinion?
Grow 129, 69.7%.
Bush 56, 30.2%.
But keep in mind that the Bush people, they're not listening to us.
They hear us like boys now and too bad.
They don't care.
Do we care?
No.
No.
We're more interested in our GRD.
What about the code?
Good.
Good.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I'm going to have to go to the office.
I haven't seen blocking like that since the cavalry
went through first of a nation.
I haven't seen blocking like that since the cavalry went through first of a nation.
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct entire sentences using nothing but made up word.
Oh, man, now.
What an auspicious malaprasim of affiliated nine and six.
So if you are a fan of such a legendary sportscasters as John Matroot, Terry Bradshaw, and Don Meredith,
then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting and become nothing like that.
I felt that Dennis Miller reminding you that classes could start this week.
Well, have you on the air making references to the House of Plants?
That you did it just six weeks.
But Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, it will today be for Dennis's own ceremoniously quiet at the end of the season.
And should be, you know, it can be fully in the season.
Trouble, sure, at five, 60 WQM, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Count five, 60.
U.S. Supreme Court, please start, push appeal to it four p.m.
I mean, there's really nothing going on out of this school.
The majority of Americans believe that, yeah, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
You see, the fact is that what a majority of Americans believe doesn't mean anything at this point,
except for the fact that it gives these talking heads something to talk about.
Oh, let's take another pool.
I can't stand people who take all these pools except the good ones we take every day.
No, seriously, why do we have to keep pooling on what they're marking out?
How I'm great there are patients.
Just forget about their patients.
That's getting right.
Is there something wrong with getting it right?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's Kendall.
Yes, sir.
Glad to hear you back in the radio.
Here I am.
Hey, I want to do a comment on Joe Lieberman, you know, his effect on the ticket.
Not you, any?
Yeah, well, I want to pop it through a march, but I say, what am I best friends with the guy named Eddie?
Yeah, he's got a loyal listener of yours for years, and I keep turning on to your show.
And, he told me about a week ago, he's like, you know, well, I'm not going to listen to Neil anymore
because he's become a show for the Democrats, the thing he can't stand supposedly.
And I'm like, whatever, dude, this guy ends up voting for Bush.
And I'm sitting around in a party when they were hanging out.
And I want to find out why he ends up voting for a right-wing asshole who's backed by the religious nuts that he can't stand.
You know what he came down to?
After an hour?
You know what I mean?
Yeah, he goes, I can't stand having a Jew about the delay from the President.
Yeah, so I'm in another friend of mine, also.
So at least once we don't have to wait about Cheney, he's not a heartbeat wave in the person's face,
because there's ain't beaten anymore.
Yeah.
It's not very often.
I know, I know, but you know what's amazing about this is like when we were initially picked people,
and I was really worried, you know, but then the election started playing out,
and I was like, maybe it's not that big of a deal.
But now that I think about it, you know, people aren't going to come out and say,
that's not the reason they voted for Bush.
Well, of course not, it is a hidden factor that no poor is ever going to show.
Absolutely.
And I know what the cause factor is real.
What do you want to say, Israel?
Stay in your own clothing?
Yes.
Bye, bye, bye.
Okay, see you.
Wow, he had a red up to the goddamn folder, and it's a little thing too.
It's a little thing, red up to the phone.
Bye, bye, bye.
5.6705, we still get line 5.6 too already.
Okay, come on, dumb, dumb, dumb stuff.
And get off your ads.
Get off your lazy ads.
Thanks for getting my check, by the way.
You know how they played dumb anytime you ask for money around here?
Money?
No, it wasn't really.
Yeah, even though I wasn't here, but the last time I checked, I still would have paid
like a regular pay on vacations.
And you'll also notice that it almost never anymore comes like willingly, like,
Automate.
Like, used to be in the old days before he got sick again, and I remember her name.
And I haven't seen her in a cruise age.
But we used to bring the check, remember faithfully on payday.
But since they don't see her very much anymore, it's always like,
can you check around and see if Pat's got my check and be sitting on it down there?
He's hiding under a reflector.
And maybe we'll parry.
What's his name?
What's his name?
5.670560, pound 5.60.
I feel so much better thanks to the pilot second.
Thank you so much, my drug guide I called before.
Thank you.
Mama, let's go.
We're getting some feed drugs up here.
Plus there's a guy that cares about my health and about my good.
And that's just about this stupid crap all over.
Oh, bush moves ahead with transition.
Does anybody care?
No.
No.
Like I told you, they're spinning their way in.
We're moving ahead.
We don't care what they believe in us or not.
We won.
We don't care who believes we're moving on.
And when if we all let us in there, the regular place,
or move on our own goddamn penthouse suite somewhere,
every race 5 million bucks, we're going to bunch of rich fat cats.
No corporations, by the way, only from individuals.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, great afternoon.
What's going on in Miami?
The Cuban Mafia under money.
But we created this monster and now it's devouring us.
Okay?
Thank you.
It's eating us.
Okay.
Eating it me over the rest.
It's devouring us.
I'm devouring the death.
5, 6, 7, a Cuban Mafia.
I am.
I am.
I am.
That's right.
There is no Mafia.
Okay.
It's just the coast of Austria.
First I think.
You have your thing and I got my thing.
And I don't want to see it, lady.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I didn't know I was on the air.
You went here?
It sounds just like you.
Yeah, while I was listening, I heard about this dollar pool area to the fisherman.
Isn't that amazing?
Yeah, but this app was very appletable because there's something fishy about what happened
in the election down here.
And I can just say this, both gone and bush.
Born, bush, yeah.
Is it what I say?
Born, bush?
Born, bush.
Go, go and bush there.
Really a couple of four letter words.
Go and wash.
You know, and go, go, go, he has no one to blame but himself that he, you know, I agree with
The Rannacractic campaign picked the wrong guy for VP, picked a wimpy fanatical Jew instead of
just like he was going to pick a Jew.
I kept saying this over and over again.
Nobody would listen to me.
Not some damn orthodox fanatical word on your sleeve.
A holy roller Jew.
And then?
All he needed was a paste in the goddamn deadlock.
And then to make sure that he wouldn't win, he told Clinton who was the best campaigner for the
office of the prison.
Yeah, they know it.
They have it away.
If they would have brought Clinton out in Tennessee and Arkansas and really ran him all around
those two states, go what it was, his home state.
He only lost both of those states by three points of peace.
How many electoral votes is there in Arkansas?
Enough.
Yeah, because he had 261.
So, Tennessee's got 11.
Yeah, so I would have given him 272.
Yeah, 262.
Okay, so I would have put him over the top.
Right.
But he didn't want Clinton to be in the office.
He wanted to keep him in the closet.
And of course, I guess what?
He ain't no Bill Clinton.
Where the hell without the blowjob?
He ain't no Bill Clinton.
Trust me when I tell you.
Bill Clinton's got more personality in his penis than Al Gore has gotten his whole body.
Make no mistake about that.
That's what Jennifer Flowers said and Monica Lewinsky and Kathleen Willie.
Yeah.
Here's Middlewill.
He's just thinking about that bitch.
All these sluts, all these whores, all these carpet...
I was going to say carpet munchers, but that's in January in his office.
What was it that Monica said she had her knee and knee pads?
Yeah.
She had a presidential knee pads, and then all of a sudden she is the poor abused one.
That by the way, saved the dress.
Just for posterity.
And I'm sure that all of you women out there that go out and hang out in the carousel while we're guys.
Squared Squared.
Who have bad aim?
I'm sure you save the evidence.
Just for posterity.
Just for your collection.
Yeah.
It's called the Monica's Erection Collection.
Squared Squared.
That's a sluts.
And then there are the abused ones.
And then see, this is the typical right wing thing.
It's what they always do.
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
They try to embarrass him when they get against what it doesn't work anymore.
Because then come to fight out, we got all the violence.
Living's been in all these other assholes.
With all their own skeletons and their own closet.
How about that cancer and heras?
Can you imagine her closet?
I just can't stand that for that.
Yeah.
She looks like a cheap hooker that bitch.
She got more makeup on than Perusela tracks.
That freaking bitch.
I still think that's a good pull.
Keep in mind for next week.
Who's got the best eye eyelashes?
Who are our characters?
They're all good and from beach.
Maybe we can have a rash off.
Can you fake it?
Yeah, in fact, you know something.
Why can't we do like New Mexico?
They said that if they had the extra law in New Mexico,
because it was so close at one point that Bush was head by four
and then goes ahead by whatever's 400.
But if they have an exact tie, it's settled by.
And then they candidate, they decide among themselves,
either a game of chance, a game of poker,
or they can flip a coin, or what they can have like a door,
or something like that.
We would do.
Yeah, let's get what the what was his name that was in duel?
A Ray Perry.
No, what was his name? Dennis Hoover.
Was that who was in there? Dennis Hoover.
Well, see now I can't get Ray Perry out of my mind,
which is a frightening thought.
Because I'm sure I won't team again for the last six months.
I'm hoping.
You're right, you're in since here.
Not fooling anybody.
Ten past, what is it? Ten past, nearly five, 60, QN.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio, five, 60, QN.
Hey, hey.
How the heck is fucking going?
And now the newly elected Florida election supervisor,
look down.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for your time.
I was a call.
Did I fail or something?
No, I didn't.
There's a movie, there's a movie, there's a movie,
there's a movie, there's a movie, there's a movie,
there's a movie, there's a movie, there's a movie, right?
There's a movie, there's a movie, there's a movie, there's a movie,
there's a movie, there's a story for the Gulchi Ace,
That's why, it's due to any of those things,
what do you think is,
what should be,
what do you think is
what do you think is
He's right outside.
I think the finger's not gonna have to count as just like me.
What's the thing?
It's four to five.
I only have four.
Oops.
Sorry.
And hurry.
Five, two, three, four, one, two, three, four.
255, 50 WQA.
I'm stock exchange thousand, seven and a half.
How's that Nasdaq doing, huh?
Flip that thing.
It eats you both.
Those, I know that time it is.
Just flip the damn thing on an Nasdaq on CNN.
Oh, God, they slow.
And they were back to the elegant, down six and a half.
See, they make your chains of channel because they suck.
They suck on CNN.
They should only die on WQA, 84.
They don't want to show us Nasdaq's down to E4.
You know what the material is always saying?
I think the worst is over.
This is the end of it.
Yeah.
As in, this is the end of your money.
How's that the shipping student?
Here is the call in the Fort Myers, hello.
For Myers?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Neil, you know, it'd be nice to see a purple election out in Florida, but you've got to understand
one thing.
Well, you have a lot of pulling out in Florida.
Fine.
Go ahead.
That's the Republican is not going to let him out of it.
I mean, the fix is already in the legislature.
How many delays got its people out in Congress?
And they're going to not accept the, even if the overturned, they're going to say the court
overstep their bounds.
And they were not going to accept these.
They were not going to be there slogging by hooker by crooks.
Right.
And they don't expect it.
They're going to pick it up.
They're not going to, you know, people say, well, they wouldn't do this, but they would
do it.
They should do it.
They should do it.
They should do it.
They tried the impeachment route with the penis gain and all that stuff.
They tried that and then worked with the craft and wasted $70 million in taxpayer money.
And now this is the only other way they can do it is to have a fixed election.
And what a coincidence that the governor's brother just happens to be governor of our
state.
And they just acquitted the scapular and Harris woman.
She should have recused herself.
Oh, yeah.
She was, I mean, I mean, anybody knows that.
And Alan Dushy would sit a cook and a total partisan.
And the past, just really, does not get it, you know, does not do a good job of exposing
it.
Now they should give a merely mouth view, you know, they're doing a green apple
crick-stab.
All they want to do is grab up their ratings and make sure that they can keep people
blue and look at for as much as they can get.
I mean, there was a time when a Tom Delay would not get away with their demands.
Right.
I mean, the fact that he has done that taking those people to show these raw FBI files.
Yeah, the good news is that here when it's all over, he's open with James Baker.
That's where I heard.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
And you're okay.
Batten down the hatches.
Start with the one.
5'670560.
0560 on the A2.
Yeah, he was on the A2 yesterday.
He weren't snatched.
Bap, bap, bap.
They're all pontificating.
And now I know the fly and the like this governor from Montana, what's this guy saying?
Murder.
Law school.
Law school.
He's the ass of crap.
Maybe anybody.
Well, who the hell is this guy?
I'll come out of a bunch of a bum-fork place like that.
He's a good buddy.
And now he's a late pontificator.
Yeah.
Now he's looking bush.
Every time he's gone TV.
There he is looking bush.
Mr. Stuff like this.
Mr. Inignant.
Mr. Aholyr.
Then now keep your nose out of it.
And this is the media's fault again.
Yeah.
Because they got to fill up all these hours.
So they bring all these totally non-credible partisan assholes in there.
Christ.
And he'll be next.
He's under that.
I think we'll have to deficient.
5.6705.505.505.505.
It's the fisherman.
That is good news.
I'm going to go.
That's going to be a personal.
Who do you either run into in the like a shopping mall?
It's the hallway season.
The fisherman array period.
Huh?
It's a toss-up or a matty bell.
How about you, Matty Bell, who said it about those trends, huh?
Can you imagine the gnashing of peace?
I'm an amateur, kind of a sick perverse way I'm delighted.
I'm delirious.
They deserve it.
They deserve it.
You know, and the bluff is running.
Oh, gee, I did the extrapolations and those sport shows in the October G.
Some of them just fell like right after.
Well, guess what?
Not everybody in their mind.
At the time like this, most people are interested in hearing about the stupid god Dan B.
S. A. Pol and about, isn't far about a half too high of a spread on the game.
And that was the last thing I heard as I drove out of here that last day before vacation.
I'm listening to Hank, and he's talking about the election.
I mean, he did his damnedest to try to, you know, make some sense.
And because he knew this is what most living and breeding people wanted to hear and talk
about.
And what's the first call that I hear after Hank here?
This is Dietrived About the Election Day.
Some Jackass.
Oh, let's talk about important things, Ikelar.
Oh, gee, isn't 12 and a half an awful high number on this game?
The gambling station.
And we're sitting here talking about the fact that their checks are bouncing down the
guy Dan dialed there.
About there.
At least they got a prayer which we don't.
When I was in this program, I mean, we haven't got a prayer here at 2 am.
No.
And when does this place get in soul already?
God.
How you going to the old church?
Now why I fell down that time?
I went inside.
Even I prayed a few times.
There's a old place.
Tell us to anybody.
Especially somebody who wants to buy me out.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Anyhow, how you doing?
Great.
Bad news.
Bad news for you.
On the call earlier on who's paying the legal fees for all of these losses?
Don't tell me the taxpayers.
The today's paper, the Florida legislature, our Republican leadership authorized $60,000
of state of Florida money to intervene as a friend of the court in the federal lawsuit.
Don't be 50 dollars.
A friend of the court on whose side?
On the Republican side saying the Florida Supreme Court overstepped their bounds.
How do you like that?
So, the fact that W's brothers are governor and that the governor's brother's girlfriend
is our secretary of Bush and I was spending taxpayer money to intervene on their side.
Not only that, the Republican leadership said there was no reason for them to need to
talk to any Democrats about the money they were going to spend because they control the
Florida legislature.
There you go.
That's right.
Thanks for the good news.
You're welcome.
Have a good one.
And back to you.
How do you like that, George?
I don't.
I said time for a tax revolution.
I said time for God damn.
Keep a skein tea party or something like that.
Huh?
A palm makes tea party.
Bring green tea is a lot better for you.
I hear the black tea is very good for you.
I never had black tea to do.
No, I don't think I've ever eaten seen it.
I read the black tea is very good for you.
Of course, nobody wants to eat anything that's very good for you.
Like that sheet that I got to tell you all the things I can eat with my grude attack.
You can eat this, can eat that, can eat anything fatty, can eat chocolate, can't have any
like tomato sauce, tomato juice, which is supposed to be very good for your prostate.
Can't eat anything.
So I'm just going on.
Every day is going to be a little bit cheaper in my house.
I'm just not eating anymore.
So after the show.
And of course, once we start finding a place that can make us a good omelet.
Besides the diners, although they do have pretty good stuff over there.
The diner only we have to pay for it.
No, no, look, I mean, it's not a question you have in the paper.
It's a question of like giving in, like throwing in the towel.
But I just can't eat all I mean.
Now with all the respect to people that have brought us to free food, that spicy tomato stuff.
And you wonder why all of us are running like a mad dash, anytime after those meals.
Yeah.
Now you know the answer.
We're having a grude attack.
But some places can make like a nice cheese and bacon omelet.
And that sounds good.
Without the potatoes, no crap at the bottom of the side.
Just the omelet please.
But last night at the trek, I had me a nice steak.
Who brings me without that breakfast in the morning, whatever you steal.
They don't like us.
Well, I mean, I don't know, but it's not one of our people.
That's my problem.
They go high.
They go high.
Well, they probably really believe that before it's yours.
They probably believe that crap.
That's probably what they bring in.
Or maybe it's for jolly.
Yeah, they do have good omelets.
Maybe they bring an omelet and give us.
Huh?
You can't eat the bacon.
But I don't know.
You need the bagels, but I sure I can ice-on with.
From bagel how.
And if we give them a plug, they might actually do some business as opposed to the morning show on this station, which has no audience.
I would just send a keep in mind.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
And how are you doing?
Great.
Once in a while you've got to have American publics think.
And if you think about this, what do you do when he came out left to the night and what Bush did when he came out there saying that the quirk you served the power.
You don't go to powerhouse and talk to a man like no green like that.
That's right.
And it might end up slapping you right back in the past.
Well, there are four challenges.
The butterfly, the seminal, and the palm beach recount, you know, with symbols with the national.
That's the weakest one.
Well, now there's only 52 votes.
What do you mean only 52 votes?
That's 10% of a difference right there.
Okay. Well, let's say that's the weakest one, obviously.
But palm beach symbols and palm beach butterfly, the day, day, day, week, count, etc.
Even if the Supreme Court of the United States says that the recount,
now your recounts are unconstitutional, which would be ridiculous.
But if they say that, you still have the butterfly and the 4700 seminal.
So what are the 700 seminales can't be wrong?
Well, that's what they said to the Sena.
If we take the Republican argument, or a law, a law, a law, you know,
this is what the legislature says, each of those arguments, you know, certainly, certainly Trump.
So the law was in the Democrat table on either of them.
So, you know, that the bottom line is they should not have coins of the court.
There's things going to wind up in the Florida Supreme Court.
Right.
They're going to have the final say.
Now, what palm the way does is he does what he's, you know, and gets the house to say, you know,
this is unconstitutional.
Well, the Senate's got a war, so it goes up a deciding vote.
So if you just...
That is provided that what's your name in Washington, they're doing the recount on that.
Now, she won by 1900 votes.
Oh, she won.
They already take the clear vote.
No, but they're recounting it now.
Oh, the Wichha County.
All right.
Well, I don't know, but the good news is it's only machine recount.
It's not a hand recount.
Well, it's a, let's assume that she gets in at 50, 50.
Right.
If thinking people, not emotional people, because every time everybody listens to the Wimbledon,
it's the agenda.
Wimbledon said yesterday, it's 60, 40, the public is against it.
How many Democrats crack?
And all day long, it's over here.
So, you know, it's part of the spin like I said before, what differences are make it?
The question is who really won and do we really have the right kind?
Now, what kind of summer public competence?
Now, that's why saying before the election, most of the polls show that Bush was anywhere
from two to five or six points ahead.
Guess what? Did he win by two or five points?
No, he did not.
Well, most of the polls show that's growing heads to the five and Florida and look what happened.
Right.
It turned out to be right.
Well, we're waiting 49 to face except Florida.
Yeah.
Well, they couldn't count all the F1DFs and D ballots.
So, I mean, if they, you know, on any way, any way you cut it, it's going to go to the
Supreme Court.
Right.
And Bush and Baker already raised their groundwork there.
They already did.
You know, all the A.E.
You got the two.
You got the Shaw and Quinn for a black and you got Perente.
And I am your rumors that they got the James W. Baker, the dark board, they've been using
the, they're just chomping it a bit.
Or you got a half or four out of seven.
Yeah.
So, one of these things, you know, that's why Bush go fighting people just so things that they
just bring out.
Well, and anybody that sends you out of give up is a quitter.
Of course.
Okay, have a great day.
Thank you.
I don't really care.
26, I mean, I care, but I don't care care.
26, past, no, the five, 60 WQM.
Here's the guy who cares.
Jeff Cohen, our good buddy at Pizza Lock, boy, what do you, what he told us last time.
That's him.
Say shh.
About him and our golf team.
I hear the two of my love, which is right in here for now.
When we were in Amsterdam, I won a phone call.
Not nothing.
I hear the two of them were doing stuff.
Who are the sucks?
Here they come.
Do the foes.
Oh.
In their murder, these walkers, and came to cast their boat.
It's too hard to see.
That's what some are complaining.
There's too many holes.
Should I punch it or not?
Look at this.
It's all on the top.
It's all on the bottom of all the confusion.
If it's both of my thoughts, they're using.
And got everybody's eyes crossed, trying to vote.
This hole of that chin is out of control.
The founders are lost.
And they can't find the holes.
Where did the fallen thoughts go?
Nobody knows.
It's part of order confusion.
It's part of order confusion.
The foes are closed.
Let's go home.
To watch Network TV for returns on the final results.
They say it's gone.
Wait.
Not anymore.
Now they say it's pushed.
We've been up all night and Florida still don't seem right.
Because some ballots were stuck inside somebody's throne.
Thank everybody in Florida who voted for Governor Jeff.
It should be very clear what happened down here.
Jeff wants to join you to win but they're counting again.
And that's how it's done in Florida still.
In that inefficient random, nothing that you could've done.
Now everybody around the world knows that Florida's voting with all the wrong votes.
America's flag is the land of the walking dance.
It's part of order confusion.
It's part of order confusion.
It's a whole mixture of order confusion.
Somebody's got your own conqueror.
It's just a solution.
Property 3 at 560 WTQI.
I'm so sandy.
A fellow Maple Leaf fan sends me a facts here.
Lindross says it's Maple Leafs.
Where Eric Lindross cleared by his doctor to be shown action.
Sister Ronda was the only place he wants to play.
Bobby Clark asked me to find a deal.
I think things are warming up.
He told the crowd reporters after non-ice work out Tuesday morning with former Maple Leaf Nick Kippuros.
Let's hear it for Eric.
I'm leaving, huh?
I'm just having to be tied for first place in the Eastern Conference with 28 points.
Also speaking of hockey, if I can't predict a few seconds because I'm so really nauseated with this other stuff.
To show you what a great town is, is I come back here.
First of all, Michael Russo, you've fat the turret over there at the Suncental.
That's got his top 10 teams that he picks every weekend of league.
And this week leaves Belize out altogether.
Has Tampa Bay in there because they want a couple of games.
Oh, God!
This place.
But here's David J. Neal.
The expert schwarzer from the hero who allegedly writes about hockey.
And he writes a thing, hockey must be family-oriented and more would bring more people out.
And I'm reading the article.
I'm thinking, yeah, this is great.
Death, not death in house production and crank the music down and give us a chance to think and on and on.
And then he says standard 7pm starting time, which I'm thinking that's a good idea.
Get the games earlier, especially in a week nights, and get people out of there earlier.
And then he says, exception granted for hockey night in Canada games, which would still start at 8 o'clock on Saturday nights.
So I guess what?
They don't start at 8 o'clock.
David, they started 7 o'clock and have for two seasons now.
They have a double header on Saturday night.
David, they started at 7 o'clock on hockey night in Canada.
You're Barser, you.
And this is a man who's writing what's supposed to be a real newspaper.
This is the kind of information you get.
Not just about hockey, not just about sports, about anything here.
God, I read that and I just said to myself, consider the source.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's one client.
The Supreme Court and the Harris case.
That's all the standard.
The standard?
Yeah, standard this.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
That was a good news.
What are the new Christmas tree?
We've got a lot of work to do, man, because all those bush people,
they went over to a lot of ass limbaugh.
So we got to build a whole audience again.
We got to start from scratch.
Sir.
Yeah.
Please do that, sir.
Yeah.
It's a waste because we got downwigs.
Yeah.
But I hope you're paying back scratch for your vacation.
I'm fresh.
They don't come out fresh.
That's what my mother says.
They're no fresher than me.
Good luck, pal.
And, you know, one is real at the present.
Is it bush or the tree?
The tree is going to give you like,
this is what he's been waiting for all of us.
The real president's going to be bush, but it's pop a bush.
You got it.
Okay, pal.
Stay out of the bushes.
I'll speak it at my mother.
Now, I know you're going to love this.
You can't miss a second.
I'm going to wait till you get that car on hold.
This is the all-time best.
So, you know, I come back and I was,
I was supposed to come back to work yesterday,
but I went to the doctor to get this sort of thing checked.
I would my guru to lay over this with my thinking I was having a dick journey.
And I'm talking to my mother on the phone because, of course,
if I don't call and alert her to the reason why Georgia's on
when she thinks I'm supposed to be back on here,
right away it's like, she's got something to convince you about.
So, I called her and told her about my ass and beef flux
and about my IBS, my irritable bowel.
She says, oh, you had irritable bowel for years.
She says, you can, you know how you can tell?
I said no.
By the big splash it makes when you hit the toilet.
Now, this is a woman who's at least as deaf as my golden retriever,
which is very deaf.
But somehow, when I go to her house and believe me, I avoid,
unless I'm really desperate by the time I get there on one stage at Monty's,
I try to avoid that function in her toilet.
But somehow, she's in the kitchen.
I'm in the bathroom and she can tell the sound of my hitting the water.
That's kind of like a Schmidt hitting the fan.
It's my Schmidt hitting the water.
And she can tell by the sploosh that I have IBS.
Are you sure she's not listening with the door?
She might keep talking with the thing, but it's a door.
I'm going to go and stuff, bring in the keychain,
making some loud effects there, just for her to be an enjoyment.
Yeah, there you go.
Another one.
Yeah, she can tell I have irritable bowel because of the loud noise,
the big splash that makes in the toilet.
See, one of the things that amste to them on my straight level toilet
don't make those splash because you can't splash on ceramic whatever that stuff is.
I'm porcelain.
Now, it's got to like before it hits the water,
yeah, it's got to sit there on the ledge and think about it.
Before it goes sliding on down, to wherever it goes, probably the canals.
Oh yeah, you ever seen the canals in Amsterdam?
Brown.
I mean, brown is...
5, 6, 7, that's my mother.
That is my mother.
In fact, this is the same mother who's telling me that it's criminal
to have my little dog that's so constipated.
Why would I please give him some of the different kind of dogs who,
because even a dog shouldn't have to do that on constipated.
See, just in case you don't know,
that's what it's all about getting old.
That becomes the most important thing in your life is bowel movements.
Bottle talks.
2121 at 560 WQAM.
The Neil Roger Show.
New Sports Radio.
560.
QA.
Ham.
Look at him stick his mind.
I'm a stomach-eat-hat-out-hole.
My legs just didn't grow.
I don't know where my knees be tied.
I've changed my toes.
I'm distilled to my nose.
I'm not dependent Jerry's diet.
Do fat to reach my whole.
But I'm on the tour with all.
And from the start, I'm lying.
As far as exercise is concerned,
I prefer loose footing clothes.
I just think of point and trying cause.
I'm a big fat dog.
I'm a big fat dog.
I'm a big fat dog.
I'm just fat and sweaty.
I need more of my data.
I'm not driving me out.
I'm a big fat dog.
I'm a big fat dog.
But I can't make that fucking.
And I just begin to go this and this sort of.
The first booting eyes, and this is the surface.
It's a usually pretty good until they start to move.
This is spread off from the back.
I thought I was a bitch who put on a peel.
But she don't know what's in there.
Good deep respect, though, on those floor.
Good thing they invented clothes.
They hide my balls.
Ah!
I'm in a gutter.
Ah!
I occasionally have to go to the feet,
store the five whole fine lubricants.
Of course, I do it from the chase.
But could it honestly have this flat?
But it's nice on my gutter.
I'm a scratch boy.
12.45 at 5.6.
That was one of my highlights in my 10 days and Amsterdam.
I didn't hear once from Fat Al.
That was a real surprise.
I mentioned about Ken Maldon.
I guess it was just briefly.
Here's the memo.
I'm very honored to announce the QANNVP for October.
Ken Maldon writes where I read.
Ken is one of our esteemed reporters.
Very reliable.
Put it along.
I always a solid professional.
You know we can always count on.
Ken is one of those unheard of QANN sportsguys.
They make this station work.
I, for one of you all,
should be proud of work with such an experience
inside of Broadcaster as Ken Maldon.
I'll get all the remarks from him.
Ken will receive a $2 bonus or a WQA in pin.
What is achievement?
Please join me in congratulating Ken Maldon
as the QANN October employee of the month.
I'm Greg, with the 85 squeaks of the name.
I asked a hand-wraiting expert about that.
He says that me is a sign of a deep-seated and career-erdy complex.
Yeah, which is why I bought those capsules back.
Those retard capsules from Amsterdam.
You think they'll help?
No.
5.670560.
How is there a real period of them?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Joe Castella for employee of the month.
Yeah, next month.
What, no, what happens if the Gore campaign wins
the legal challenges and the recount shows that he's ahead.
But the Secretary of State,
the Bush Coat Chairman of Florida,
Catherine Howes, refuses to certify the election.
Well, the Secretary of State Supreme Court would have a rule on that.
Ten of the State Supreme Court's four certifying it?
Of course.
Okay.
Well, but then the problem is then the legislature.
I mean, the possibilities here are endless.
The legislature can screw it up by appointing different electors.
The Congress can screw it off.
I mean, there are no ends inside of this.
But in order to meet for a special session of the legislature,
they need two thirds of the legislature to go along with it.
And right now, there are two votes short in both houses.
Yeah.
So how can that happen?
Let's cross that bridge when we get to it.
Okay.
Okay.
Good yourself.
5.670560.
That's our motto for the arrest of this whole soap opera.
Good yourself.
5.670560.
I think we just got a sign off from moving the three.
I mean, they're all listening to the law that's anywhere.
See, this is where you get a really good unbiased view over there.
Yeah, I'm the law that I show Mr. Perinoia.
Here's a mobile and bouquet.
Hello.
Hey, hello.
Okay.
Welcome back, friend.
Thank you.
You know, I keep hearing how all these Republicans are saying
left and right.
Oh, the Democrats want to rewrite the law.
Democrats want to rewrite the law.
But I think the one who's actually rewriting the laws when they stop the recounts every term, every corner we go around, they stop the recounts and they're just doing everything they can to impede the truth.
Yeah, I'ming out.
Yeah.
And this is ridiculous.
And then they got everybody so brainwashed, nobody really steps back to see what the truth is.
And we got these national syndicated shows like Rush Limbaugh and you got this G. G. G. Libby, not their stout and all this crap out.
And everybody listens to them because they're syndicated shows.
People we have, who do the Democrats have?
Well, but you say everybody listens to them.
Who listens to them in this market?
Before this last couple of months now, before the selection business, Rush Limbaugh couldn't buy ratings in this market.
He's been on here for at least 10, 12 years.
Never could buy ratings in the day.
And now all of a sudden in the last month, when we get this trend that just came out a few days ago, and now he's gone through the roof because all the Bush people wanted to know somebody's going to reinforce all this paranoid right wing book crap.
It's only one in here.
Well, it just goes to say that people just want to believe what they want to believe.
Right.
Exactly.
All right, now have a good day.
And back to it.
See, and at least one thing, I've been supporting Gour in bashing the heart of Bush.
But I told you right from the beginning, they all fraud them suck. I both pickets.
I'm not going to sit here and pretend.
I mean, I'm embarrassed by Gour.
That performance last night, they showed on this CNN thing and now that what we'll better call it, show again.
The victory show.
Now, that's the same thing here at 1230 every day.
We'll grab it.
It was.
We're burden of proof.
And they showed at the beginning a clip from that wooden speech of his last night.
I mean, who the hell was doing his makeup?
They make him up.
It's like when you get on the tram and answer them and you get close to the damn square.
There's a place called it's a Madame Tussos, but it's not called the last name.
It's called those some kind of other.
There's a Madame Tussos.
I swear that's where they get in the makeup from to make him up before they put him on the air.
He looks like a wax dummy.
It looks like a wooden cigar store Indian.
He's got the push knotty of a goddamn pencil of an eraser.
So who now ever made a great case for him?
He was the buffer.
He was the one that was supposed to keep the dangerous one out of there.
That's all.
And it looks like he's still going to blow it.
He still couldn't do it.
With all of this stuff he had going for him for eight years of great prosperity, with all these economic groom times,
low unemployment, all of this stuff going on.
He still looks like he's got a fabulous, he was fingers.
And wasn't it great that Kennedy asked performance of his show in the football around?
Remember that a couple of weeks ago?
His only public appearance was several days.
He's just playing with those family football games all over Kennedy's death.
Who the hell is he?
Kidding.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 6, 6.
I'm just sitting here thinking how ridiculous it is to compare him to a Kennedy.
I mean no matter how much banging and reclaying in the Kennedy and dricking and whatever they were doing,
John Kennedy had more charisma and his fingernails than our boys got his whole body.
And they do our Kennedy family football game out there?
Who are you people kidding?
Here's a mobile and proclam.
Hello.
Hey, Nail. Welcome back buddy.
Thanks.
Hey George is great but you are the main.
I'm the main.
Hey listen, I'll talk to Professor's minor mantra all today.
He will tell me about a little local publication.
They have a mantra.
Yeah.
And it says our Southern neighbors say they have a problem with the election.
George is not the president.
Bush is not the president.
So what's the problem?
Yeah.
What do you think? That's it.
Okay great, thanks.
Come and drink some more Pepsi.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Montreal sucks.
Maybe in the city doesn't just the people there.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how are you?
And we're hockey team.
Yes sir.
All right.
I hear you got good off the hook.
Yeah.
Hey, so do I.
What are you doing about it?
I'm on Pepsi.
No, I'm on Pepsi.
It's each twice, three times a day.
A lot cheaper and it works.
No, wait a minute.
What kind of a conversation is this?
You said, what are you doing about it?
I told you, first of all, I'm cheaper my doctor gave me sample list today.
So it's free, which is what I like the best.
That's good because I couldn't afford it, but I was sick because I got too damn expensive.
What's the Pepsi?
Well, how long do you have to take it forever?
I'm doing right now, but also I've cut up tomatoes and chocolate.
Isn't that a bitch tomatoes and chocolate?
And citrus along with oranges.
So hey, that's what I got to cut out.
If I don't want to get sick, let me tell you.
It was like once a month and I even had my heart attack last year.
I'm only in my 40s.
You had a heart attack?
Yeah, I caught you a little few months back when I was on my listen to the doctor.
Yeah, I had a heart attack last year.
Now it's having this good, this good beer.
So in other words, that stuff can wipe you get a heart attack.
Can it cause one?
Well, I can't say for certain if that cause or not.
I have color daughters.
So you know, I don't have color daughters.
Why have color daughters?
But I still get sick even after.
I still do, you know.
But ever since I started taking the Pepsi they see and I do use roll ages as well.
How about thumbs?
No, no like thumbs.
Why not?
I just, I mean, I tried thumbs, but I mean it's actually all the same.
It's not gonna happen.
Yeah, I don't know if thumbs were for me to do that.
Two couple of thumbs, it was great, it was like a miracle.
Well, I think it was a pinch, but it really tastes like chalk.
Well, hey, you gotta have a twist where that's the only thing, you know.
But I cut out the tomatoes, which is a fact cause the doctor even told me that cuts tomatoes,
cut the chocolate and cuts the citrus.
And because I don't think a lot of citrus even after I had my heart attack, I was still getting sick.
And I didn't know why until I went to the doctor and they finally told me this is why.
That's why doctors told me to get rid of your citrus.
Because I had exactly, yeah.
I don't know if that's stock, I don't know what that was.
U.I.S. or U.I.S.S. or U.I.S.S.
Unises?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyways, that's what you need to do.
Okay, I'll do it.
How are you, they see?
Good luck.
Thanks.
And back to you.
See, I want to spell all good stuff where we got a stick there.
And this guy had a heart attack.
See there?
Cause I'm wondering if that pressure that all that stuff puts on in there, had probably not good.
Let's push you on your organ.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And of course when you're overweight, your organs are oversized to begin with, you know.
And even the literature that the doctor gave me talks about laying down in certain positions.
Because when you're overweight and when you carry all that fat around,
and you lay down like in all of the organs kind of like squished together,
not good.
Here's the mobile and phone Myers, hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, I did.
How's he got?
He was in at 30.
I had to have my gall bladder removed.
Come on, I don't mind.
I'm a 43 year old male.
It is diet meal.
My dear, until I'm toologist, if I said that right, told me three things cause it.
It's alcohol, caffeine and nicotine.
Okay, I don't smoke.
I don't drink it.
I don't eat anything with caffeine.
That's the one.
Yeah.
The last thing he told me was I'll probably never be able to eat like a York pepper in this
pan, he's the rest of my life.
It just fires me up.
I couldn't eat cereal and milk without getting heartburned down.
Don't eat cereal, don't eat milk and do diet.
You're not eating York pepper and panties.
I just wanted to make that a comment.
While you were gone, George, you know, did an excellent job.
The phones were smoking and George too, Neil.
And one more comment.
That's captain here.
But if I should got a face pain and an ol shot.
Okay.
If we're in 1995, well not bad.
5607-0560, calm 560 on the 1810 Verizon Wireless Line out of town.
Is 877-856.
Are we still on the earth for buyers?
I forgot to ask that.
Five more minutes, probably.
No, I don't know.
This is the out of that we're not.
Yeah, so we're not.
Well, I'm a little bit over here, a little bit over there, it's the beastly FNW.
It would know a radio if you're stepping up there.
Recognize the beastly.
Although I heard they liked that.
I heard that last night.
Yeah.
What's that?
Oh, yeah.
So, I'm traveling.
I want to get you nervous, Eddie, because he needs the job.
But we got some.
Maybe Eddie can put on a scope cap.
And he can play for a cut to cover the spread.
Oh.
Yeah, we have like a religious sports show.
My work up out of nowhere.
We need another touchdown.
Cover the spread.
Oh.
Yeah, something like that.
If it's good enough for Waffin, it's good enough for us.
See, and they're checking me about over there, but at least they get him.
So you can't have everything.
Profit the six of five, six, six, eight, W.
That's what you're just thinking.
Second, maybe they're not cash, but at least they look promising when you get it in your hand in the check, too.
At least this company doesn't make up crap like we changed bank accounts.
We put the wrong zip code on the FedEx.
Right.
No, the Beatles would never come up with a cockamany lie like that.
Sport radio, five, six, six, seven, eight.
I have a port love deal of easily broadcast group stations WQAM.com.
Oh, right.
It's the one to two hours.
I have to buy a padlock.
I think it's thinking to the world.
So I wish I had my money on.
You don't do much for panic, do.
Those I can't tell the buzzer's way.
Oh, three to seven, fall.
Let the team win this boy out on.
And now we're getting raw.
Look at this, right there.
Oh, it's a rock.
Oh, it's a rock.
That's right there.
Oh, it's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
It's a rock.
That's right
1-0-2-560 WQAM, 5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Weston, hello.
Did you say Weston?
That's what I said.
Okay.
Hey, listen, first of all, George did a great job.
Yes, you did.
Second of all, this, this election would have reminds me of, is in a football game when
there's a questionable case, you want to hurry up and snap the ball.
Right.
That's what I said before I left.
Right.
You want to hurry up and get it off before they get the next playoff, right?
That's exactly what Bush is doing because he's got a transition team.
And he's going on like he's already won the thing.
And I can't see how he can justify that.
Well, because they're trying to go through the motions of what they're doing is playing
a psychological game with the public.
And it's working.
And that is by possibly saying, we won, and it's all over with, and the fourth was certified,
and now we're going into our, we're going to raise money to go to our own building, do
our transition thing.
And they're going through the motions of taking over and the game ain't over yet.
Absolutely ridiculous.
And it looks like we're going to have a scumbag for President for the next four years.
No, it wouldn't be the first time.
Well, okay.
All right, thanks, Dale.
Good luck to us.
All right.
56070560, pound 560.
Now, what's going to happen like six months after he gets in?
And then the story about that abortion comes out.
The very first story and over the woman, which we had the name all of us, all of the
sudden, in discussions should not be made an issue.
Oh, that's true.
And I've got a logo on that too.
You know, especially special effects.
Oh, sure.
A frog ghost, right.
And especially cocaine stuff like that.
Here's the lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, hi.
Good afternoon.
I just, and welcome back.
Thanks.
George, get to an excellent job while you were gone.
I just wanted to comment that the Florida legislature is very close watching.
They formed a joint health and senate committee.
Apparently, it's strictly for the purpose of seating their own 25 electors to the electoral
college.
Republicans want to guarantee that George W. Bush gets the Florida electoral vote.
Is that racist?
No, I mean, like I said, this is his brother's story.
And if the fix was going to be anywhere, this was going to be a unbelievable.
That they did their close watching.
It was never ending.
Foggo changing times.
I think there's a lesson to be responsible for my grid.
Well, eat right and get better.
OK, thanks.
Thanks.
I'm filing a lawsuit.
It's going to be a good suit against the name Bush people.
They're termed like Christmas.
And in fact, against both of them.
And all you old Jews up there in Palm Beach County, the voter for James V. Ken, and shame
on you, man.
Shame on you.
How many right in hopes to appear again?
5, 6, 7, 8, let's get our son trying to go up there to Palm Beach County and start
flailing those hemhawks in the air.
Shame on you.
Shame on you for being so goddamn dumb.
Yeah.
Here's what we're going to do.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
I just called about file sex.
Greatest stuff ever made.
Is it a big fat squad?
I went in with the same thing and they went through my hard hard spine.
He prescribed me a file sex.
I think it's like a million dollars of kill those stuff.
Let me ask you this question.
I don't want to be a worthy audience, but we have to commiserate with each other.
When you had this stuff, do you have it like in the upward chest on the side of the
heart?
Absolutely.
It was pressure all throughout my chest.
It wasn't like pain, but it was enough pressure and discomfort that I thought it was a
pretty loose or hard.
Right.
Exactly.
Now we're talking.
OK.
And the file is like, I'm telling you, it takes probably 15 days to start working if you're
taking it regularly.
And it's a dream.
I mean, I went through a whole thing for 30 days and I'm back to drink a beer and he's
in check in wings and being a big fat squad again.
All right.
The heart and body.
OK.
Thanks for the dude.
Keep it up.
Keep it up.
Inclot of the car.
Yeah.
That was the best out.
OK.
All right.
Thanks.
See, there's a guy that knows what I'm talking about.
We got a chemistry with each other.
It's the doctor show, which is a lot like I said before, it has to do with our real lives
as opposed to all this other stuff, which is good for a kill of a lot of time.
Get everybody whipped up into a frenzy, whether it's alien or OJ or the election or the
bogus election, whether it wouldn't candidates, the wooden and drunken and orthodox candidates.
Well, he is just, I mean, the most simple ring, whimpering, pathetic, embarrassing, humiliating
fraudulodite.
He is just pathetic.
Well, I think you're right.
And let me say this.
You know, not that I had this respect for people in the military, but what makes their
vote so much more important than somebody else who's overseas?
How about people?
How about veterans whose votes got screwed up like in Palm Beach?
Maybe some of those old you locked up here fought in the war, huh?
You ever think about that?
No.
No, I didn't think so.
Maybe they're James Baker.
But all of a sudden, if you're in the military, then your vote is so much more important
than we have to make all kinds of exceptions and stand on our heads to make sure that your
vote gets counted.
And these are the people that talk about how votes are going to be more important than
other people's votes.
Yeah.
If they reach out to votes, it's going to be illegal because it makes you vote more important
than mine.
Well, how about if you're in the military and you get some special exceptions, but if
you're some swab that's really going to look like an Amsterdam and they're all drugged
up like Al Guerraths, then any Senate absentee ballots, then you know, it's not going
to count.
If you don't have a thing on there, a postmark, or you didn't sign it, or you just scrolled
and they can't read it because you're stoned out of your mind, calling a lot on the ground
and a glory hole there.
Five, six, I can just envision him in a dark room with the adonis.
I can just see it now.
Oh, man.
In fact, you know when I started getting this grid when he brought in those new pictures
of him in school magazine, here's an over-informed Meyer.
So, hey, how's it going?
All right.
Hey, for the people who don't know over here, softball Meyer and football Meyer, you can get
five sixty on the radio.
Right, probably better than that piece of crap, seven seventy.
Yeah, and enough for Meyer, it's a little static, but you can listen, you know, it works
all right.
You can listen, closing, Georgia, a good job, but he didn't do anything about eating
abs.
Well, that's next vacation, ten parts a year.
Five, six, seven, or in fact, he's going to be talking about eating cubanass, I'm next
to, yeah, which I can't give it all that, but a little bit of a different flavor to it.
Yeah, I heard the real reason that Al hangs out.
I don't want to go into it on the air, but Crystal, he's got his eyes set on your wife,
and daughter, and daughter, and he's got about as much chance to get even close to you
to one of them.
I think he's really got a sight set on Jeff Cohen, like I said before.
I think, first last year, a lot of similarities there.
I think those two would make a lovely couple.
She's in the back here using the back one.
Nine minutes, I think you're going to say back side.
Nine minutes after one at five, fifty, eighty, eighty.
What was that?
All right, we joined us out.
And we'll talk again.
What did it say?
Well, I was busy listening to judicial watches, busy re-examining the ballots in Palm
Beach County, Larry Clinton, and he's going from New Zealand.
Yeah, that's the Neil Rogers 2000.
Oh, it's getting there.
There you go, too.
So what the hell are we doing here?
It says, grill statement expected shortly on CNN, and some kind of like between a rock
and a hard place.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Civil of humanity.
Talk show host, Kamuoyd sufferer.
Folks, with over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new preparation Rush and my Rush to Eximate Suppositories, now you can end the pain and
itching of Kamuoyd will teach you just for my picture on the box of depositories and
the applicator tube, another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcast rating network.
Okay, thanks, FedEx.
It's 114.
It's 560 WNQM.
Here's Coconut Creek, rhymes with Peek Hello.
Coconut Creek.
Long on, probably expired up there.
Here's Margate close by, hello.
Yeah, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to talk about this Theresa Lapour.
Yeah, bitch.
Yeah, first of all, she claims to be a Democrat, but she was the one that designed that butterfly
balance.
That's a stand-up slide.
Yeah.
And then, low and behold, they decide she's on the board that decides to take off
the Thanksgiving to stop the counting and then falls two hours short of being able to
count on the ballot Sunday.
That's a fucking bitch.
Yeah, how come it is that in Brown County?
Well, wait a minute.
How come in Brown County, they were able to work on Thanksgiving to get people to volunteer
since they thought it was more important than needing a little bit extra turkey?
Because the same bitch that designed the ballot also said was one of the three that sent
on the board that made that decision.
That's a stand-up slide.
Yeah.
So, you know, I don't know how small people are out there, but it doesn't seem to be
if they're able to connect these dots.
You know, it's really very frustrating.
I called up a couple of people who have claimed to be friendly with this Lapour and their
Democrat saying, oh, she's a wonderful person.
She's a hard worker.
She really has a hot and a right place, but man, something really stinks there.
Let me ask you this.
I mean, she deserves a lot of blame, but how about the Democrats and Republicans who
approved that form of the ballot?
She was the one.
No, no, she designed it.
No, she approved.
No, she couldn't approve it.
It has to be approved by members of both political parties in Tallahassee.
It was approved at the state level by Democratic and Republican representatives as well.
Neil, at this point, I'll tell you something.
Sir, you're not listening to me.
I'm just telling you that those people are going to be dumber than dirt as well.
Either dumb or corrupt.
You've given them too much credit.
No, not really, because I don't trust anybody.
Okay, have a great day.
See, this is the problem.
And you get too much information.
And you start like manufacturing things out of it.
You're in mind.
And you just discarding whatever he doesn't like and making up theories, conspiracy theories,
as in five, six, seven, eight.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Hillary didn't have something to do with all of this.
That's what Russia will be talking about tomorrow, probably.
All the Bush people that we used to have over there now are listening to all these hysterical
paranoid conspiracy theories.
So anybody else who's got conspiracy theories call off Russia.
We don't want to hear them.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, six, six, six, six, eight, eight, and three.
And Verizon wireless line.
Look at that.
Bokka-Blyan looks the same as he did before I left.
Oh, at least he did that stupid wig anyway.
He started to look like, what's her Catherine Harris.
All these G.I. lashes.
OK, we got six, seven hundred open lines here.
Right now, see, all I had to do was say that Gore's going to make a statement moment
here.
Right away, half the lines disappear.
They're all running to CNN.
We'll have it on here for you.
Just relax.
Here's Sweetwater.
Hello.
Yeah, whoo.
Yes, sir.
I've got to take it as style with the Cuban people.
OK, good.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, and five, six, eight, and four, and Verizon wireless
line.
Do you want to talk about Cubans?
Call up Rush.
I figured out my Cuban thing.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
Listen, before I get you angry, because I'm not going to talk about George, would you be
good enough to play a country version sometimes I feel?
And also, as far as George goes, he's a wonderful person, but he's a pseudo-indulictual
pinhead, and I'd rather listen to Bill McCragg do trivial pursuit on Friday, like he used
to do.
Yeah.
And other than that, I call him Esteban King.
Have a great day.
What?
Esteban King.
What is that?
Esteban King and Spickshot out once.
Oh, Steve.
Oh, I hear he's in a talk show.
He's in a conversation with me.
Well, I'm so excited about that.
So, get about it.
Just consider the source.
All those light bulb people.
I'll give you one chance, Selma.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I'll give you one more time.
I want to get your opinion on the telephone conference with Gore and Dashel and Gephard.
Yes, the Futter was at joke.
Can I give you my opinion?
Yeah.
That's my opinion.
Yeah, I think that's part of the problem with Gore is that he just can't communicate with.
He hasn't got it.
He does not have it.
And he just seems so insecure to try to talk to the people as a regular.
He has a reading.
He has all the warmth of an Arctic ice cap.
He just doesn't have it.
Yeah.
Oh, the wrong time with the second time caller.
Keep it up.
Love your show.
Thanks, pal.
Well, sir, we're all survivors.
That's all I can tell you.
I mean, one guy is a moron.
He comes on air looking like the deer in the head lights.
Oh, we won.
We won.
We're getting ready.
We're moving in.
We won.
And it looks like a terrified.
Yeah, we got the other guy that's standing up like a statue.
Like I said, like somebody out of a madam two-star senior ram.
I think they're called by the name that damn square.
You can't say that damn square on a register by that God damn square in Amsterdam, okay?
Man.
Oh, and you'll be pleased to know you'd be very, very happy about this since you like that crap music.
Like you're trying to relive your teenage years again at Limp Biscuit crap.
I don't listen to Kitty Bays.
Limp Biscuit.
But anyway, you'll be pleased to know that in Amsterdam they don't leap out.
Since all of his record, oh, I've come down a repetition of one word which we never hear anyway because it's always, uh, yeah.
But in Amsterdam they don't leap out the F, but this repeated over and over again.
Excellent.
You see because they really understand what freedom is about as opposed to this constipated goddamn country where you maybe can still take a crap
but you sure as hell can't say it.
And even if you do take a crap, make sure you don't hit the water too long because mom started listening at the door.
You know, I just want you to stop and think about that story.
Forget about the election.
Forget about my good.
Forget about all this sort of stuff.
Just think about my mother.
Make it a comment about how loud my.
Hit the water.
And this is a woman who is always talking about how deaf she's getting.
Who puts on the act she can't hear what you're saying.
But somehow miraculously in her kitchen which is many feet away from her toilet.
But occasionally I have an experience when it's desperate time.
She can hear the, she's probably got a rickshaw in there.
She's probably got a rigged up in there.
A rickshaw.
Oh, and I asked if it had been one.
You're a crazy person.
Here's a mobile and cutlerweights, hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just moved out a drop over the election.
I'm so sorry.
Okay, but what I don't understand is the lady that was calling earlier about the
butterfly ballot.
Yeah.
Doesn't it suit a Florida prohibit butterfly ballots?
Well, it doesn't prohibit it per se in those words, but it prohibits the,
it says that the names have to be on one page.
It says that we have to vote to the right of the, the herd must be the right of a name.
Right.
And the butterfly ballot it was in a right answer to that.
Right.
So that's like, I agree with you.
You're, you're preaching the choir.
So I agree with you.
It's a little, legal ballot.
Exactly.
I'm here to be public.
And the Democrats both approved of it.
Right.
You should have never been through.
That is an action election.
What is it?
And my eyes and my heart go one Florida.
I believe it.
Good luck to us, pal.
Okay.
I'll play.
Who should rightfully be next president based on your humble opinion out there?
We underline the humble part.
We're at 2013, 67 and a half percent.
Bush, 132.5 percent.
116 votes so far on our survey today.
Keeping in mind that now there's 125 in the afternoon.
And most of the Bush people over there would walk it up their own preparation rush.
Now that's the most non-geating.
See, it's the same thing all the time.
Over time, they want to hear their own stupid cock-eyed news reinforced.
And here's somebody that they couldn't give a crap less about 99 percent of the year.
For all the years that he's been on.
But now all of a sudden they're all rallying around.
Look at that, too.
They put up to the mobile station that day to get gas on the flamingo there.
And here's the guy.
One of my listeners.
Young guy in his 20s, 30s.
Got his pickup truck there, gas.
And up and he's got the radio on.
So well, you can hear those centurion paranoid right wing phones coming out of the radio.
And as I'm walking in to go, we'll get my soda or whatever I'm getting.
I've been in series.
Oh, sorry, Neil.
I'm listening to Rush.
And I thought to myself, you're not half as sorry as I am, sir.
You're not half as sorry as I am.
Even the dervement in the back of this pickup was like trying to cover its ears, losing.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Who are you?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, last week on either CNN or MSNBC, they reported that Shepard Smith of the Fox News report.
Shepard Smith makes me want a puke, yes, sir.
She ran over some guy for taking a parking space from him.
Really?
They probably ran different recences back in the channel seven days.
Maybe they went for the same driving form.
Could be.
I think just to serve him right, this coming weekend we had a head Kennedy driving both home.
Well, I was going to recommend that we take the three of them.
The next time the humans are protesting and laying down in the street blocking the street.
Yeah, there you go.
We take off three of them.
They're all littered out.
I'm the little one in the other cage, right?
And let them drive on the same street where they're laying in traffic.
Excellent idea.
That's it.
Welcome back and George to the great trouble you're going.
Thank you.
You know that talk show groupie that's called before says George is a pinhead in the suit of intellectual.
You write about a little bit back.
You are right about the suit of intellectual part.
But I mean, pinhead.
Come on.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the 183 and horizon.
So it's just, it's just a, it's just a territory.
Bill McCraight.
I mean, who would even remember who the hell light is?
I hit a better chance this morning remembering Ray Perry than Bill McCraight.
And I haven't got any idea who Ray Perry is.
Even now, even though it was in here.
God.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's you, Lieberman.
You can possibly have strategy where focused on simply counting the votes.
We're working now.
Get out of here.
You make me want to buff.
Look at that.
He's got like a little circle you want his forehead there just to make sure we know that everything he says is kosher.
Talks a voice to you, Lieberman.
You crossed the the election.
You far-bissen.
Funny thing.
Look at that.
Broke his guy is a yummaker.
Good.
That's a thank God for that because he didn't got really upset.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio, 560s, QA, and so you're back.
The last wing stole the election from me.
So my last chance for the captain is David Ford.
David Ford.
David Ford.
David Ford, boys.
As the earth will now be the leader of the world.
Thank you.
Yeah, that you have a chance to the world.
Yes, David Ford has a fine night stage tour.
Tell me, David, I'm going to have to make some legal noise.
I'll be back on the floor.
I'll be back on the floor.
Only forwards.
Yeah!
ralols boys!
All right, you haveaint restricted Returner.
Oh half!
For more federal president trackers.
For national favor stated pin opt.
t I'll be at the ladies' votes.
ONE FOR GLOUSTICAL.
Any soccer champion oror Gazette?
Where's that one from?
I think Actually very dived here.
Okay, positive, Magetare.
Negative first.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so, okay.
Okay, so...
Okay, so, uh, watch, watch, watch.
Watch, watch.
People want to say word prayers.
Who
says
I can't believe it.
What do you mean you can't believe it?
How much do you think it's going to cost the taxpayers to pay all these people?
I mean, there were some volunteers, but there were a lot of other people.
Right. Well said.
It says something about Wake Croc.
What does that say for the Supreme Court taking bides or taking briefs?
There were briefs?
Wouldn't that be great to get up there from the Supreme Court boxes or briefs?
Then of course, what the hell do the women say on there?
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the ATT.
See, you people are taking this out too serious.
I don't know what's wrong with you people.
Why not a little bit?
Especially your smarts is out there.
Why not several shades?
God.
What's in my looking like?
Idiot mean data.
Here's open part. Hello?
Just one to tell you.
I think it's very unfair that they're criticizing the Bush family.
They won't be election.
They paid for it and they should have it.
Yeah, okay.
They're still a foreign school.
Okay. Very original.
560, 0560, 0560 on the ATT.
And Verizon was one to the side partners, other people who are calling the show all the time,
like this last one, they voted.
These people actually voted.
Somebody actually drove them there, yanked them on the cars, stuffed them in from the goddamn thing,
punched the hood for them and they voted.
They cast it.
Here's representative Jim Moran, Democrat of...
I thought that he was losing this con just because of these kinds of irregularities.
He would be fighting justice hard to see that justice was served.
That's an A, baby.
Also, I want to talk to you next hour when we come back about the...
A large...
Under Count in Palm Beach County, what's there upset about?
Because they think those are the votes that are for Gordon are out there.
And also the confusion over the ballot, which resulted in a large over vote.
I said, I said, another count, I meant under vote.
A large over vote also.
That is multiple...
Come on on here and overhang.
Overbite?
Is that what you said overbite?
Yeah.
Something's got a big overbite.
Probably that's Carol Roberts.
Okay.
She got a big overbite and huge eyelashes.
She makes that pattern here that is secretary of Bush, killing the wind significance.
I'm sure if that's like...
Line the truth about just having like draw a line on the floor there at the Atatome Beach joint
and having like draw a line on the floor.
And seems for offers.
And then say in whoever wins that set, like it's...
Win the foot of the coin be a lot less stressful than all of us?
I think it's bad for my grid.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hi, Roy.
I'm doing okay.
Um, reason I called is because I wanted to point out something about this guy, Roscoe from Montana.
Yes.
One of the reasons he's been on so much on the MSNBCA, CNN, whatever is because he's
one of Bush's candidates for Attorney General, shocking.
And secondly...
Isn't that interesting that the secretary of Bush here too wants to be an ambassador who
should...
All of these people who are just looking for a nice, posh job and appointment in the Bush administration
just happen to be running around being his lackeys now.
What a coincidence.
You know, a lot of time my way, I extended it.
You were sloppy as ambassador there.
But I know there was a second point I want to point out.
I was watching Channel 23 last night, you know, Spanish news.
See?
And they had one of their Republican analysts on there, you know, of course he could Spanish.
And this guy made a comment that if you're a Schroitzer, you know, you've got to be up in arms about it.
But since it's in Spanish and most of them don't understand it, you know, they allow this stuff on TV.
He basically said, what do you want?
All the college or, you know, the other word that's pretty straight-out racist.
You know, he said that and I just couldn't believe they televised this sort of stuff.
Do you want all the college what?
I understand the world what the world is.
He was making a comment about the play.
That was his life.
No.
No, he wasn't.
Oh, sorry.
He was making a comment about the votes, you know, hanging shame.
I don't know why the Democrats are crying after all all the college or niggers went out and voted for them.
You know, and that's just...
Well, that's Spanish language media in this town.
They can say whatever they want.
But I mean, these are the people who...
I mean, if I say cool, and I'm just joking about it, right away people get all bad out of this area.
But it's just that this is some mentality.
Oh, I'm joking.
This is some mentality of the people who are going to be in the White House.
Yeah.
It's just disturbing.
Well, maybe someday he will be going up real close.
And get a vote what?
Okay, thanks for the good news.
5667-0560-0.560.
Can I get a vote what?
No.
Now, boys are going to speak any second.
It looks like Blue Waters to me.
George Bush.
Yeah, yeah.
Too much Bush.
I've been talking for years.
Too much Bush is a bad thing.
Just like Jesse says.
He had a lot of bushes.
Oh, here's Papa Bush.
Oh, here's Papa Bush.
That she wouldn't watch the television.
And for a while she wouldn't let me watch the television.
We had to debate the one of the last primary debates.
And it's a true story.
She said, where are you going?
I said, I'm going in to watch our son, David.
See, I don't want to listen to it.
I find.
So I went in.
Oh, man.
It's Papa Bush.
In fact, next thing, W is just going to disappear in the background.
It's going to be Papa Bush and Dick.
Yeah.
And then W is disappear.
It's a lot in the play of video games.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
Plenty of time.
So I put that in the background, but I don't think there was other coming exes who said
it would come alive that comes back and gone, but I didn't happen to tell them.
You just wanted to tell them.
People don't want all the reporting to say where we left.
F Unswares.
So they still have a hundred letters for the first time in their life.
And they will  us with it.
We have different IPP letters and references here.
Tourfy letters, and Pepsi phones.
In every moment.
That's interesting, rather.
This scene, well.
I constantly thought, but you know we are still on the Prof Merc WhatsApp.
We're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
So, we're going to set to the ship with gecko's ring before they're all out.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
He's not on this air as yesterday.
Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560s.
You A.M.
I can't do that.
You know what I'm saying?
Everybody's talking about his decision 2000
and now here's your chance.
He won a piece of history with his musicals
they do our own goers sing Wesley Goers.
It's not party.
Now he comes to call wanted.
Recalcify wanted.
Recalcify wanted.
Recalc fly ball
Tak truck
Ham truck
Dog
Johnson
Cloak
Patrick
I think
who
The four-year group.
The shot states Philips and Tom Notty of the Reds, but that's not for good too soon.
It's that weird old Grover.
Yes, it's Al Gore.
Cheking R4 of Wesley Gore is great.
It's a terrible Netherlands-foot-routen near you.
A. W. All.
Al Gore is here to score.
Number one with two bullets.
155 at 5.50 WQM.
Grover is going to speak any second, any?
No, that's what they keep saying.
All I see is a Regis on here asking what color is my tie.
It's a walk away.
Yeah. Okay, where are we going here?
Is the lady mobile in Parkland? Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
I just have this to say about that X-ray in Harris.
She is a washed out dish-land.
Yeah.
And I was going to wipe that smart-golf-a-half face.
She is repulsed.
She is, you're right.
Anyhow, have a good one.
Thanks. She's sub-human.
She's a scumbag.
And like Alan Dushewitz said, and of course, if he said it,
a cook and a piece of crap.
I think that's what he said.
Yeah, a cook and a piece of crap.
And of course, you know what happens when you have a cook and a piece of crap?
It hits the water with its tremendous force.
That's what mom says.
But it will kind of affect the taste of it.
Even going to be telling me pretty soon what angles are coming out of that.
Oh, that was like a 45 degree angle.
That was like a right twist and a half.
Even Mark Spitz couldn't do that.
I wouldn't even have skid marks if it were to do.
Hey, from now on.
In fact, you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to create a new one.
It's like a whirl on.
It's just skid on.
Yeah.
He has like band-dee whirl.
This is like a whirl on your whirl, right on the goddamn bowl.
Big brown skid marks.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, new wish up.
Oh, yeah. Here we go.
They're all back.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Volka.
Oh, oh, oh.
This new one.
That sounds like me.
Hey, sir.
How are you doing?
Hey, you remember a little friend called Alien or Alien?
What are you talking about, sir?
The Gonzalez guy?
Yeah, what about him?
Okay, remember how many lawyers came out through...
Yeah, Kendall Confie and all the other ones.
She's not that heavy.
