10 out to 560 WQM happy Friday too.
If by the way somebody in the audience please do me a big favor because that wouldn't waste
your time with this.
I'm going to give you a phone number.
Call up the, oh it's not a toll free.
Well, somebody out there will spend the 50 cents.
Call the libertarian party and tell them to go to hell.
I am so sick and tired of their wasting our fax paper and why they keep faxing is the
libertarians are a bunch of fascists in a drag.
You know, it's not fashionable to wear the hood and the sheets in public so they call
themselves libertarians.
Wasting our, you know, how many trees do we have to chop down for all the crap that comes
in on the fax machine that nobody wants and goes straight in the basket and take a look
at what they send me today.
Gun training, not gun bands can help reduce tragic child violence.
Talk about whistling into a farting into a wind storm.
Exactly.
So here's the number you might want to give them a call and tell them to cut the crap.
Tell near Rogers doesn't want their faxes and stop killing all those poor little innocent
trees that we have to chop down to make the paper to print this fax crap on and take
it and send it over and over again.
You know, some people like our former friend Caroler, etc.
One, some people pretend they don't get the message.
Just go away, you know.
And her case, believe me, the less said the better.
But at any rate, the libertarian party, it's 202.
It's a Washington number.
333008 extension, extension 222.
Do you think somebody will call them?
No.
George is the RNN's is too cheap.
Now call them 202, 333008 extension 222, where you can fact them.
Just send them a caustic fact.
And say it because we don't want to waste our any more fax paper or our time.
Their fax number is 202, 3330072.
That's the libertarian party of American Washington, DC and tell them they're full of crap.
Some of you have enough right wingers out there already with another party, which nobody
even at sparts your Allen keys has got more attention than them.
Right?
And he gets 3%, 5%, 2% solution.
So anyway, speaking of sparts and Allen keys are pulled.
I got so much to talk about with this guy.
And I know it's boring with that internet.
Anybody in the audience got the road runner?
No.
What's going on with that?
Eight days it lasted.
Minio one, you're a curse.
Okay.
Eight days it lasted with a high speed internet access.
And it was great.
And it's instant no more time up the phone line.
And you hop on that thing in the internet right away.
And all of a sudden yesterday the thing starts slowing down to a crawl.
And by last night and all this morning you can't get on the internet anymore.
Just that ugly black page.
You know the one I'm talking about, the black one, white page comes up that says, oh,
this page forget it, get lost and you can't see this page.
You can click to refresh if you want.
But it won't do anything so don't waste your time.
Just go a spray under your arms and they'll refresh that and get out of my face.
What's with the road runner?
So we'll see if anybody else out there is having that problem.
And it's also astonishing to me.
See if I would have taken this poll myself up until the last couple of days I would have
been right there with the majority of the people who took our poll about racism.
I would have said that I'm somewhat racist.
But based on the events of the last couple of days, different story.
We got a call in Tampa.
Maybe it's about the road runner.
Hello, I doubt it.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I have a big fan of yours for a while now.
Listen to the film.
The film Henry, he's been mentioning you a while.
First of all, he wants his book back.
First of all, he didn't loan me any book.
He gave me a book as a present.
That's obviously a joke.
He sent us on his book.
What?
So anyway, getting back to the poll.
452 votes.
Some are racist.
284.
That's 62.8%.
Not racist at all.
103.
22.7%.
Very racist.
Only 64.14.1%.
And like I said, I started to say, and I thought we had a real call there.
Did we ever real call it?
No.
No.
So only 14% of this audience considered themselves.
Again, the question is, do you consider yourself?
You follow the difference between, are you really?
Which they don't know?
Because they know, I think a lot of people who are very racist don't consider themselves
that.
But up until this week, I would have said right there with a majority with a 63%.
I would have said, yeah, I'm somewhat racist.
But not anymore or less than most of your average bucks out there on the street.
But this week, I am very racist and I'm going to make no bone about it.
So we have 103 people not, not racist at all.
Do you believe that?
No.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Not an ounce of racism in their bones.
No.
Does anybody believe this?
Is there anybody?
No.
No.
No.
I mean, not that I want to question any of the people who vote in our polls, which are
going over very big by the way.
And also speaking of that, there's another problem we have with the internet and maybe
Eric, I'm sure, is listening at the moment.
And that is that depending on how you get onto our web page on theoranges.com, onto our website,
a lot of people aren't getting the right page.
So they're not getting the vote in the poll because they're not, I don't know how that
works.
If they're using like Yahoo is a search engine and they're getting on theoranges.com,
they're not getting the right page.
They get some old piece of crap on there or something from the QAM website.
I have no idea.
So how do we alter that?
What's going on here?
They're doing it wrong, basically.
They're doing it wrong.
Instead of using a search engine, you need to click the, you just need to type it in manually
at the location line.
Instead of searching, you are looking on whatever comes up as a search.
But a lot of people don't do that.
I know.
Well, they need to.
Because some search engines don't show, we could be getting thousands of votes on the
poll every day.
These people at any clue.
You do search, some search engines give you different crap.
Some don't give you what I don't understand is how search engines have old crap on there.
Why is that?
You think that's as much old as it is different.
Or they're not listing what you want to do with.
But why?
They're black.
If you live at one main street in Batavia, New York, and I send you a letter and it goes
to one main street, you should be the one getting the letter, right?
So if you're address, if you're internet address is neoargers.com, how can people be winding
up in different, you found out what I'm saying?
Right.
That's our address engines won't list certain sites because of whatever reason.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Good.
I'm calling about the medium one.
I'm also an Acres resident and I was experienced it too.
Really?
And of course you call that.
I forget that.
Here we go.
You go through 17 different, oh, did you get a thing that were experiencing trouble?
We're experiencing troubles in your area.
I didn't get that.
Yeah, that's what I got.
I got to use your one around where you have to press four and one and six and go through
17 different things.
And then finally, you get a fast busy and it comes on and says, oh, we're unable to
process your call this time.
Please call us again and vote out your ass and then you get hung up on right away.
Yeah, for the most part, medium one is much faster.
But let me tell you, when they have these problems, I mean, it's just frustrating.
So the road runner is great when you have it, but it's going to be just like the cable
and that is that some days it's just going to disappear altogether.
So luckily, I still have my other thing on here, which I re-hooked up my mind spring.
Yeah.
I still have to use the phone connection for, but at least I can get on the internet.
Yeah, I kept bail well too.
Right.
I was having problems with that yesterday too, but when they give you this lame brain excuse
that we're experiencing problems in your area, break, just be honest and let us know.
Yeah, why did this put a recording saying this is media one and we suck, but you already
know that and good luck.
I agree.
I'll have a good day.
Come back to it.
Yeah, media one sucks.
Come on.
Let's all say media one suck.
Oh, God, they suck.
But eight days, you know, after that bizarre business I went through last week.
Remember, I went through that whole song of the dance and my friend Dave was the one that
found the connect they break into connection in the cable in that one room.
And if it wasn't for that, I still probably, and by the way, did the woman ever call
me back to see if my service cuts right now?
It's satisfactory and I'm like, no, never bothered to call me back.
Media one.
Say it again.
Media one sucks.
10 past 10 at 560 WQF.
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced without the express written.
No, WQAM, these we read acquisition calls.
And hate that cater me.
No, settle down, class.
As you all know, we can no longer put up the ten commandments in our classroom.
Additionally, in an effort to avoid defending anyone who might have been politically religiously
or ethnically offended by our collective allegiance.
The politically correct arm of the Justice Department has rewritten the pledge so as to
be completely non-sectarian and non-offensive to any special interest or protest group.
So let's begin.
I voluntarily affirm my devotion to any symbol I choose from whenever my ancestors
country of origin may be and through the conglomeration of various special interest groups
that it symbolizes a diverse melting pot under a deity that may or may not exist with
the discretion to be divisive at our own stem and the freedom to burn this symbol or
fear it in elephant on whenever we see six.
All right.
10 15 at 560 WQM.
We got hand coming up into RALA 2.
We got the books to read six.
Panthers after rangers.
Uh oh.
At 730 tonight at Kaplan after the game.
So anyway, here's a thing in the paper this morning to make sure that you put it out right
now.
Okay.
Put it out and don't ever light up another one.
Study links marijuana used to heart attack.
Oi.
Reprinted from the New York Times.
The prestigious Stodgy New York Times, which by the way, it's really great to roll one in
the New York Times.
Roll it up in the sports section if they had a real one, which they don't.
And it goes on about this, uh, the Boston group, the American Heart Association study produced
important information on search for factors that bring on heart attacks and the yada beat,
but I move, but I'm up and it says a study has found that middle-aged person's risk of heart attack rises
nearly five fold in the first hour after smoking marijuana.
And talks about how it raises their pulse.
40 points.
How do you like that?
Some others, if your pulse is like 75, it raises it to 115 for a while.
Is 150 like a dangerous pulse?
No.
But at any rate, it says the Boston group study 3882 patients who would survive heart attacks and found that
124 reported using marijuana regularly of those 37.
They had used it within 24 hours of their heart attacks and nine within the hour of their attacks.
The relative risk of heart attack increased 4.8 times within the first hour, but dropped to 1.7 times higher in the
second to hour.
Now here comes the best part.
The same group that's reporting on this study, the group previously reported in other triggers of heart attacks,
including cocaine, exercise, sex, and psychological conditions.
So no more cocaine, no more problems in the head, no more exercise, and certainly no more head, no more sex.
Oh, seriously, because I mean, you know, so smoking, the weed, sex, and exercise.
Those are three things you definitely don't want to do to do.
No.
No, okay.
Because we don't want to piss these people off.
There's another example of the propaganda of the American medical establishment, the American government working hand in hand to try to justify
their so-called war on drugs and putting all these guy-damn people in jail for having a little weed.
Absolutely ludicrous.
Come on.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Male.
Yes, sir.
If you keep the road runner, you're going to be blowing your brains out.
Why is that?
I had it for six weeks and it was six weeks of pure hell.
Really?
I had four or five good days and most of the days I couldn't connect.
And when it did connect, it would be like a snail face.
Why the hell is that?
Well, they give me the excuse that it depends on how many people are on in your area at the moment.
Because they have, they can have as many as 1,500 people on one section.
Yeah.
And that slows everybody down to a crawl.
So in other words, after I came on the ear and talked about how great it was, probably a whole bunch of other people signed up for it.
Now you can't even get on the goddamn thing at all.
I was going to blow my brains out.
And then like you said, you get on hold with them and it takes forever to get them.
Don't forget about that.
Anybody who calls Media One, believe me, should have a gun in their hand.
And they'll definitely blow their brains out.
I finally told them to come and get it. I called Bell South. I got the Bell South fast access and it's great.
But that's a phone line thing, right?
Well, yeah, but it's a special phone line. It's put your phone line in half and half of it goes on the internet all the time.
You don't need two phone lines.
Right.
But it works great.
What is it called, Bell South One?
Uh, GSDL fast access.
Okay.
Give it a shot because you're going to kill yourself with Media One.
I'll give it a shot.
You have a stroke.
Thanks. Bye.
Okay. How do you like that?
And here I've been singing appraises of Roadrunner because I had eight great days with it.
And I just tell them like it is.
I mean, if I have experienced something that it's good and I'll tell you.
And then all of a sudden, if it sucks, I'll tell you it sucks.
And right now, it sucks.
So how do you like that?
Just when you think you're making some technological progress and you think you're moving to the 21st century.
And all of a sudden, you discover you got real serious problems there.
And like these, everybody will tell you, I mean, calling the cable company is a fake worst in death.
See, this is one of the great problems we have in this anti-social country, bars.
All your kids out there, I know comes in a great shock.
But once upon a time, you would call somebody and there would actually be a voice on the other end of the phone.
As opposed to if you're a full of crap, if you think we're full of crap, press this, press that, stick it up your.
A breakdowns that away, you know.
I can't handle that.
That's part of the impersonalization of American society.
Talks or recordings and keep punching buttons.
Keep punching it.
I got to take this tampocall because I'm really curious.
We're really going to get one. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
By the way, I tried to get in the other day on your anniversary day.
Wish you happy anniversary.
Well, thank you so much.
Thank you.
And listen, since you were in Tampa, we really miss you.
Yeah.
God, you're on the internet.
I don't know who's paying for it, but I'm happy about it.
Well, we're used to paying for it.
Yeah.
Neil, I was at your last caller talked about DSL.
Yeah.
That's definitely the way to go.
There's just no doubt about it.
I had road runner here in Tampa after three weeks.
I called up.
Don't take it out.
So, otherwise it was a piece of crap there too.
I was no good.
It was just suddenly horrible.
I ran across an internet website to find out if DSL service is available in my area on
my telephone exchange.
Right.
I put in my area code, put in my telephone exchange.
It came up with yes, it's available and gave me the telephone keys number to call.
Yeah.
I called the phone company three weeks later.
I had DSL.
I've had it for 18 months, 19 months, and I have not had one single, outage glitch or problem.
And it's lightning fast like the road runner is on the days when it's working?
Well, DSL, unless you want to pay a lot of money, will never be as fast as road runner.
Yeah.
Unless you want to pay a lot of money.
But at least it's the same speed all the time, which is about 20 times as fast as your
motor.
Well, that's road runner when nobody else at all of your area is on the line is faster.
Yeah.
The problem is nobody else is there's never a time when nobody else in your area.
Well, I must have just been lucky.
And then I think I screwed myself by it.
We're touting it on the years so much because a whole bunch of people must have got on
there because yesterday I mean it was crawling.
I've seen snails crawl faster than that.
And finally last night and all this morning, you just can't get on the net.
You can't hook it up.
Is there, I need to send you a link to this guy.
This is some computer nerd.
I don't know who he is.
It's Clearwater Beach cam site.
Yeah.
But it's not, it's not links listed on his site.
It's pages behind his site.
Yeah.
You know, it's a private, some computer nerd.
He's got all kinds of tests for DSL and road runner and all kinds of stuff that link
directly to telephone companies.
But I'll take your word for it because it sounds unanimous so far.
It sounds like I got another lemon.
Yeah, it's, I know how to do it.
Yeah, it, you know, how could you expect a cable, telephone service would be better than
cable TV service for sure?
Yeah, but I mean cable TV when a pigeon flies over does go up at least at least 99% of
the time it's on there.
Well, the same pigeon can drop on your internet access.
And definitely did.
Yeah.
Neil, thanks a million.
Keep up the super, super great work.
Thanks, thanks a lot.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay.
So there's the guy from Tampa called and says he added over there and it sucked.
Road runner.
They should have stopped on that.
Road runner's asked a long time ago.
I'm telling you that that coyote should have got his ass before they started taking our
money.
And it's only a bargain $39.95 a month, by the way.
Oh, man.
How do they do this to us?
How do they sell us a bill of goods like this, a big song to dance?
And like I said, of course, when you start having the problems, can you get a hold of anybody
to do it?
Oh, well, we're calling for tech, tech assistance.
Is anybody going to answer the phone?
No.
No.
See, I don't know one of those people that handles that real well, you know, sitting on hold, listening
to soft music in the background for like 30 minutes, 40 minutes, five hours, six days,
five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60, 50, and D wireless line.
Yeah.
That real generic.
Yeah.
Sounds like you're listening to life.
Lifeless sound like something we might have heard at the Indian Cathedral last Saturday if
they wouldn't have music.
But no.
No, they didn't have any.
They wanted to disturb those people.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
OK.
Media one does blow.
My cancer is their cable service because of charging me $19 a satellite fee, first of
all.
So they're going to charge me that.
I'm going to get a desk.
Right.
So that's what I did.
As far as the road runner goes, I've never had it, but I've heard that everybody else
has been saying the more people they have it, the slower it goes.
Wasn't that great?
I mean, it can't get any slower than it is right now because it just won't connect to
the internet.
I mean, it's just frozen in time.
Right.
Why have to build a stop which I've had no problems at all and it calls as nothing
competitors to it?
Well, as usual, I know, like I said, I don't know how to pick them.
I can't miss, baby.
OK, thanks.
But.
Yeah, road runner sucks, OK?
And I feel, do I feel real bad now?
No, no, because I was just giving it an honest estimation.
I had eight wonderful days.
It was fast.
It was smoking.
It was sensational.
It was problem-free.
But I'm being, you're like on there and no phone lines, no crap.
And now all of a sudden, they love you with a false sense of security and there's no
way ever getting a hold of anybody.
That's the problem.
I mean, I've already signed the deal.
You know, and I'm hooked up and they're going to be expecting the money, I guess every
month.
And the bill, I'm sure, comes very regular.
You know what I'm saying?
That bill?
They have no problem getting in the bill.
Bastards.
25 past 10 at 560 WQA.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Again, you're upright.
Yeah.
Yeah, super Slow it out, you've got a little business to do.
Get them to things out of it.
their priorities are, you know, they got the WWF and Jerry Springer going because then we
have a problem. But they don't care about the issues, all they want to do is, in fact,
if they just give them like a big tub of mud and they could like sling mud, I'm not talking
about, you know, I'm talking literally, not just theoretically, if they could literally
throw mud at each other, it would be great.
Food fight, yeah, something like that. Public would eat it up, they get a 90 share on
that thing easy. Our poll question today, by the way, is, do you like the Nearodgers show
better without, with calls, without calls or no difference? Yeah, see, we never did
that on the internet. We did that here, which of course, I don't trust that. That's our
poll question on nearodgers.com. Do you enjoy the show better with calls, without calls,
no difference. Three categories, got it, Eric, good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60,
here, the good news is, Bob Lincoln, our close personal friend, we want to go to Vegas
with Bob Lincoln. No. Okay, just asking. And anyway, Bob Lincoln says he's had the DSL
service for a long time and it's great. The bad news is that somebody, evidently, one
of my neighbors called and said, we don't have it in our, not available in our neighborhood
yet. So you see, this is, this is the dilemma you wind up when you're stuck between media
one on the one hand and bell south on the other hand. Talk about Helen Perkator, you're
right in the middle there somewhere. Talk about a rock in a hard place. So the roadrunner
sucks and I do have it. It wasn't easy, but I do have it. Does it work? No. But I got
it. And DSL is great, but can I get it? No. No. So I say just take the computer and
shot can it. Just take a goddamn shotgun and blow that goddamn piece of the piece is
already. See, I really wish that Al Gore would have not have invented the internet, you
know, and you come right down to us. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your 24th anniversary. And on the day of your daughter's wedding. I go
back to the KAT review and Alan Bartolome. Wow. Listen, I'll let you know, but I signed
up for media one on the 26th of January. I've had four visits from the technicians who
courts around that. Yeah. But nothing yet. You need for the roadrunner service? No,
for the cable. Oh, and then for the broadband. I say, light up the TV first and then we'll
see about the computer. But until then, I'm sticking with the medical online and the
bell. Well, you're your way ahead of the game. Believe me. It's maybe slow, but it's
islovable at this time of the day. Exactly. Okay. Hey, enjoy it every day. Okay. Easy.
And don't forget, by the way, because he sounded like one of our very few said, you've
got to stick your scooter at last. Don't worry. It's not going to break. 5 6 7 0 5 60. See,
I hesitate to bring this up again because last time I brought this up, it made for a
horrendous show. And I was very frustrated and aggravated. And I'm sure the audience was
too because it's a boring topic, but nevertheless, I mean, if we're going to like live in the
modern age, if we're going to be with it, if we're going to communicate with each other,
et cetera, and so on. And all you perverts out there that, oh, and they've had a study
that came out the other day. Wait till you're this. Now, what do they call it? Not sex
addicts, but because they have a new catchphrase for it. People who are addicted to sex online,
do you see the story? No. If you spend more, I think the number was two and a half hours
a week online on sex, so websites, then you're addicted. Now, if it's like two hours in
20 minutes, I guess you're not addicted. You find, I mean, how do you make that determination?
And if it's only an hour and a half, then you're not addicted, you know? I mean, what
does that mean? What if you like to mix it up a little bit, you know, a poor note here
in the magazine there and then a little bit of a run. Then you're really a pervert. Yeah.
See, I don't, I just, I find it very disturbing. It's just like those, the chat rooms, you
know, a lot of these people, but it does keep them off the streets. Maybe that's why crime
is down so much. Look at those broad statistics, baby. Where the hell is that? I bet you can
Jenny at the BS. I bet you he's spreading it. And I, I guarantee, and just like you were
saying this morning, the reason crime is down is because they rated those twin clubs,
rounded up all those perverts and put their spotlight right on under the spotlight.
Broward County crime statistics way down. You feel any safer? Oh, no. Only 69 murders last
year in Broward County. I think they made that number up. 22 and 4 Lauderdale. And guess where
the violent crime is up or just just crimes in general, I guess in Hellendale Beach, a lot of
teeth being stolen in the Hellendale. And I think they stole one of the portapoddies too out there,
the outhouse gang. 22 murders last year in 4 Lauderdale, 9 in Hollywood, 8 with the
BS clearly unincorporated. Let's see, plantation had four open park at four,
Pampino Beach had four, sunrise had three. And then there's a whole bunch of places on here
like Weston had none. And they should make you feel better. All you women out there, only 473
forcible rapes in Broward last year. What a great statistic, huh? Only 473 forcible rapes in
Broward County. Oh, man. Got you women for your lot safer? No. Come on. I think line four
maybe I have no problem. Oh, how did I know? We're in the 50s baby, but you're two in the
Dreckage. See, I had a psychic premonition that line four is effed up again. Nice go on Greg.
As they continue dispensing the BS, your IBS and the BS is all the same BS.
How did I have a feeling that that line is just listen to that.
If you'd like to make a call, blow it out your ass. Come on, aren't you? At least go to come on
to give me one of those. Come on, sweetheart. If you'd like to make a call, stick your finger in it,
wreck them, squeeze real hard, stand on your head. Not sure you could even give me a gig,
but racist. I am racist. Yeah, no kidding. No, I think we didn't add the question. It wasn't
asshole. It was racist. Okay. Not that a lot of racist aren't assholes also, but he's an asshole.
Right. Here's Miami. Hello. Meal, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I heard you talking about the DSL.
I happened to know a lot of addicts. I just had something set up in my mind. Well, it's not
available in my area. So it's I mean, for the right of the audience, that's fine, but for me,
S-O-L. Well, the DSL, that's a well reason why it's not available is because the phone
company's put something called load coils onto the lines and that you can't get it in your area
because there's too much, you know, it adds mileage, but I work downtown in the
lines in my area. Have too heavy of a blow. Is that what you're saying? Exactly, exactly, but the
DSL's an inferior product because it goes over copper wire. So what does that leave us now? We
like the thing is you want to buy you want to buy it from a tier one provider. A tier one means
they have more broadband and you can do a lot more over it. I had a guy come in, worked for a
company called WinStar set my company up. I'm saving about 20 grand a year, you know, between
we do the local, we do the local forest, long distance, and then you video conference.
I mean, this is just in my house I'm talking about. This isn't for a business. Right. Well, I mean,
they, you know, they do, you know, specifically commercial, you know, but they're I believe they're
spanning out the residential next year, but it's something that's amazing. Well, I mean, you know,
it's you can do anything over it. Everything except for like, you know, but I don't want to wait
till next year. So I'll run it like in you cool business. What about getting in the office there?
Where you work? Getting what? No, the broadband. I mean, I know you don't have it at home. You probably
do a lot of your stuff at home, but I mean, and who's going to pay for that? Do you think WQM is
going to pay for that? No. You think I'm going to pay to provide to hear in this building for
this radio station where we already provided our own TV and VCR and set like this? No. No. Well, I'll
tell you the guy's name was Art and he worked for Winst are and he did a good job for me. So if
he's listening, I'll give a shout out to him, but I was calling about this thing. I got caught up
on Rich the other day coming home, you know, to the beach from downtown. Okay. Rich Tenders,
psychotic. Well, it wasn't it was it was guys protesting there on 395 and see on the Italian,
I understand that not every Italian is a guido gold, you know, gold chain wearing,
irons, each riding sweatsuit, you know, type of grease. You know, I understand exactly. I
understand that not every every every Cuban's going to run out down the bridge, but I mean,
I don't think that it's appropriate, you know, and I was protesting about it was I thought you
were talking about the truck drivers that were protesting. No, man. The Cuban protesting. Exactly.
They were, you know, in their screaming Liberty Liberty and, you know, of course in Spanish, but
where was this on 395 on Wednesday night? Took me an hour to get home because they're out there at
the Coast Guard thing, you know, with the big flag and the cops are just sitting there watching them.
And I mean, I don't know what kind of a down-to-repeable this is. I mean, how could you be here
more than five days and not know what kind of a down-to-repeable it is? How could you not know?
You're right, you know, you're you're 100% correct. Well, thank you. I can say hi to your buddy there
at whatever's name was. What was his name? 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's just,
say every time you think there's something good waiting for you out there and you sign up and you're
all gung-ho. Oh, man, this is really great. And then turns out to be a big come on again, but
pilot cramp, a big smelly, heaping pilot Schmidt, like a bunch of elephants have just invaded the hood.
21 before 11 in 5 60 WQA and
was there
because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home. Search all around, but you won't see
a seat in the boat with the GDD. No.
When nothing compares to the marvelous feeling of making butter patties, stick to the ceiling,
smoking in the bathroom, making out in the hall, or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodge ball.
Yeah, I remember that.
And throw a paper wand over the fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry fond of
diced a frog in biology class, find yourself a nerd and what's your name?
Will you be a hit in chemistry when you make a class of bachelor's disease? Start a food fight,
you milk out your nose, who when you go to school, what anything goes, say in school,
don't go out on your own. This is all on a stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with the GDD. Search all around,
but you won't see a seat in the boat with the GDD.
1611 at 5.60 WQM. We've got somebody that's faxed the message that the libertarian party
told them to go to hell and get out of our face and stop wasting our fax paper. Thank you, sir,
or ma'am or whatever you might be. Also, it says, it says, I think Roadrunner was a cable
modem service. That is correct. Cable modem set up a LAN, a local area network for your neighborhood,
the bandwidth, which determines your internet access speed is shared by the LAN and divided
among the users. Thus, your access speed will slow down as more people are online or during the
service. Well, I'll tell you one thing. In the last week, there must be a whole Schmidt load of
people that hop the board. It says the DSL service avoids this. It uses a phone line, but you can
still receive a make phone call, seven, and so on. And also, it says, be sure to, to wait to hear
this, be sure to turn off your file sharing in your network setting in the control panel.
Otherwise, other cable modem users can access your hard drive since they're on the same
L.A. and the local area network. Oh, no thanks. Yeah, there you go. Another good reason to just say
to the Roadrunner. Just get Wiley Coyote in there and make sure that he kicks his ass.
Oh, boy. How do we do it? Huh?
Oh, wait a minute. We don't have that fast, fast, that fast, dizzy anymore.
Online four.
560.560.560. Honey, AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
You're talking about crime being down before. That's what it says. Now, do you notice how everyone's
taking credit in Miami. Penelope takes a credit in New York, Julie, and he takes credit in the
president's taking credit for crime being down. Yes. Now, is it just a big coincidence that crime
is down all over our country? Are people not global enough? They don't see that this is a trend that
the baby boomers get older. They're committing less crimes. Yeah. So it no one to take credit for.
It's just a fact of nature that it's a bit older. If you're going to be a politician, you've got to
take credit for something. Everyone's claiming it crimes down because of them. The only reason
crime is down is because as the baby boomers get older, the weather's good. The mayor gets out there and
says, hey, look at what I did for you. Old people don't go around busting windows and robbing people.
It's young kids who do that and we have less young kids now than we did 20 years ago.
Hunk. So naturally crime is down. Hunk's running wild in the streets.
It's just a societal trend. What's jumping on a bandwagon saying, I did it. The president did it.
The mayor did it. The police. You did it. It's just no. But don't forget when Rudy Giuliani sent the
SS out there to the storm troopers out there that didn't hurt. No, that can never hurt.
And when he started routing up the hotdog vendors, see Rudy Giuliani's got a weeny thing.
He's got a weeny fetish. That's why he closed down all the porno joints in Times Square and then
the hotdog vendors. Anything that even has to do with weeny indirectly, he gets psychotic about.
Well, as they say, at least he made the trains run on time. Then of course, when it comes to weeny,
Giuliani got to do his look at the mirror. Have a great day, sir. You too. Just like Mussolini. That's right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Great article by Gwen Worm. W U R M in the herald today on the op-ed page.
Gwen is a medical doctor. She's director of community pediatrics at the University of
Miami-Jackson Children's Hospital. All the gun squeezes are prepared to be upset because I'm
going to read it in a few minutes. Great article is the Worm turns on the gun nuts.
Couple of really outstanding points in this article. I'll go on Gwen.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi, Neil.
Enjoy your show. Thank you so much. I just want to like, no, I'm a road runner.
I'm a client. I'm over here in the old section of sunrise.
And it seems to be working okay this morning. It's working in sunrise?
Yeah, it's zipping along. It's been. It's why I think when they were first putting it over here,
we did have a lot of problems. And once they got the lines all in and everything,
there's been a lot less problem. But it's been pretty good. I'm now out through eight days of
heaven. There was never a problem. Never a glitch. Never in anything. And now starting with yesterday,
when it slowed down the way you snail space. And then last night in this morning,
when you can't even get on the guide. The internet. It's a nightmare.
The last night was pretty slow, but this morning seems to be zipping along.
They just checked it about five minutes. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you. Enjoy your show.
Thanks. Bye. Bye. There you go. So there maybe we can get somebody in the acres to
check it out for us. Somebody out by me, somebody in plantation. Well, he's in sunrise right around
a corner. I don't want to start, you know, jumping in conclusions or ripping media one.
Although, you know, I enjoy ripping media one because they deserve it. A big time. They suck.
Somebody once told me that, maybe one sucks. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
18th. He went not as much as the libertarian party, but a close second, I would say.
Apology sought for bushes remarks. I'm going to tell you between George E. W. and the
Jemster. They have a little bit of a problem these days. They just can't, you know,
and they're pissing everybody off. It wasn't bad enough. John McCain made the Goop comment. That
we got the Jemster saying that this is beautiful. Sixteen South Florida legislators demanded
an apology from Governor Jim Bush yesterday for defending his brother's controversial
appearance at Bob Jones University by comparing it with his own visit to a South Florida synagogue.
Don't you see it from at a similarity between Bob Jones University and South Florida
Synagogue? No. Any other synagogue? No. Now, if anything, it's a shot. It is a shot. Well,
the governor said both of the kinds of visits, politicians make sometimes, even when they and their
audiences don't share the same views. That was his stretch. That was his spin. He's spinning it. It
makes it worse. It's an outrageous comparison. It makes it state representative. Denny Wasserman
Schultz Schwartz Jones, Democrat of Davey, one of the lawmakers who signed the letter asking for
an explanation of his outrageous remarks. It's highly offensive. The leader of our state would say
such a thing. We want an apology and a clarification. How do you like that, Governor Jemster?
The people of this guy, damn state, are pissed off and fired up and they want a fricking
apology. How do you like that? I will. I give it to you. Well, that's what they want. We want
an apology with a man in apology right now. I will. I give it to you.
Prick. So he's pissed off every, every dark complaint. Even Malcolm is, anybody darker than Malcolm
is furious with this guy, even though I agree on affirmative action, but nevertheless he's written,
he's kissed them off. Now the Jews are going to like, you know, including the, do you remember,
remember that election? How he sucked in a bunch of unsuspecting blacks because of Willie Logan,
and they sucked in a bunch of unsuspecting Jews. And he was running around with a smock on his head,
going to the sholes and putting on a big act like he wasn't the right wing card carrying fashion,
which we all know he is. The trouble began on NBC's Today Show Tuesday when Bush defended his
brothers visit to the South Carolina School, which prohibits interracial dating bars,
gays and whose father once labeled the Catholic Church as a tannic cult.
Republican, and by the way, his founder will be on tonight.
I'm Larry King to suck his ass. Bob Jones, the turd. Yeah, I wonder if Larry's going to say,
you turd, he's going to put his lips right deep on his neck and kiss away like he always does.
Presidential, presidential content of George W. Bush campaign at the University last month.
He spent weeks and two were trying to distance himself from the University's fundamentalist reputation.
On TV, Jeb Bush said he too would be willing to speak at Bob Jones, adding it already spoken to
groups where people are not supportive of my views and I'm not supportive of theirs. But as a
public servant, I think it's my responsibility and as a candidate, I've done the same thing.
Maybe you'd like to attend a clan rally this weekend, just because his views are a little bit
different, right? Yeah, maybe you'd like to hang out in the hood or just wear a hood.
Well, I had a Bush boy say I was thinking coming to work this morning listening to my music,
of course. I was thinking daddy at least, George Sr., it was like a moderate. He wasn't the right
wing. I don't think any of us ever envisioned him as being a right wing fanatic like Reagan and
like Pat Robertson and like some of these other, and like his two sons both had turned out to be.
And he wasn't a moron. Right. He was and he actually had some qualification. He was, of course,
the leader of the CIA. Right. Can't get to that and be a dummy. I don't remember the trilateral
commission. Oh my God, Jesus, there are people swooning in the audience right now. Do you think
it's just a coincidence that Jimmy Carter and George Bush were both once members of the trilateral
commission? No. Don't you think there's a conspiracy there? Oh, comic conspiracy? Yeah.
Give yourself a two on over the weekend. Get your all whipped up. Just look up Illuminati on the
on the Neoragia. Yeah, let's get Illuminati on Neoragia's website. So anyway, they got a lot of
backtracking to do. And these 16 people says this whole deal set off a wave of anger among Jewish
and black lawmakers who called on the callous and hurtful analogy. In the letter of the 16 told
in governor, they found his remarks deeply offensive. Please explain governor Bush, what is
there about a synagogue that matches the anti-Catholic and racist sentiment of Bob Jones University?
What is it about a meeting with African Americans, women and other minorities expressing their views
that is so similar to the Bob Jones University belief that the racist should live separately
the letter asks? In the email to the heralters denied Bush maintained, there is no need for an
apology. In other words, I will activate it. How do you like that? As the Bush boys just continue,
digging a hole so deep that we could very happy God damn statement. Unbelievable.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Mobile and dear field beach, hello.
Yes, good morning. How you doing? Okay, sir. Good. I have a media one road runner. I live in
Plain Asian. I'm a little east of you. I live over towards University Drive. Right. I've had
road runner row about I guess four or five months. And you're still here to talk about it?
I believe they're not last night was the first time I ever experienced the problem with it.
So it wasn't just me? No, I mean I didn't know what it was. The thing was just
small that we just you know wouldn't get to that home page. You just sit there and sit there and
sit there and but it's really the first time I've had a problem with it. Now my area for
whatever reason I don't seem to have too much problem with the cable going out either.
Right. I mean there's crappy selection as you know there's no problem with the cable at the moment.
So I think it's one of the cables with everything works. I know I got a something else.
But what do you mean as long as the cable is good everything works? There's no problem with
the cable right now but the road runner is not functioning. Right but I mean if the cable goes out
you know cable PV then your road runner everything goes out. Oh great. And for what I understand for
a friend of mine who you know is a technical person he says you know they offered sometimes you
get this thing in the mail they offer telephone service through media one. Yeah. What a nightmare that
must be. But that's where your cable also. So if your cable ever goes back then you've got your phone
going out. And a flock of migrating pigeons comes over the house. You're not going to be able to
call anybody or your CTV or get on the internet but other than that life will be sweet.
But I've got to tell you the truth I'm very happy with the road runner. I mean you see what it
works well. I mean it's fast. When it works well. Your life is worth living. It's it's heaven.
It's phenomenal. It's it's just unbelievable. But it really was last night the first was the first
time I had a problem with it. Well what about this one? I did try it this morning. Yeah I did. When I
left this morning about 915 I left the house and it was working fine. 915? All right. Let's hear it.
So it should be working hopefully not what I am hoping is that there's no truth to the fact that
if a lot of people in the area sign on to that it's going to flow away down. I sure hope that's not.
That's why I'm not going to so big to them trying to help us out and get a lot of people off of it.
Yeah we'll keep knocking it. Okay thanks. All right thank you. Thank you. Yeah get off of that
thing. Okay it sucks it's going to take years off of your life. You don't want that thing. You want
it? No it blows. Say goodbye to the roadwater just kiss him goodbye on the beak okay get him out
of your house. I think he's got some kind of infectious disease two last time I heard. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 I was lying for coming because I seem to think it's having a perfect here listen to that.
Now you see that? Just like lion 8 spontaneously pops on that one spontaneously popped off.
I'm not I'm not discussing it okay. I'm not going to discuss it. Maybe my hot shot attorney.
Norma can't my hot shot well highly publicized limperist at attorney can discuss that at lunch with Greg
Reed today. Since they're going to talk about my doing the show from like other places. I mean this
has got to be one of the great jokes of all time. I'm a little sense of humor. We can't even get a
studio that works here in Miami. I'm going to do the show from like more than 10 miles away. Oh brother.
But don't forget that new phone system. It's on the way.
Okay there's all this amazing technology all around and for some reason we just can't
sing the tap into it and the technology either. Four minutes before 11 to 5 60 WQAM.
Friday you were scared.
And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush today.
America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory.
Right to be here in Nevada. South Carolina Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate
to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world.
I never have worked today my entire life. Hands, smooth, silky palm olive. You're soaking in it.
Let's go to the next question. Yo, my. Yes sir. Yeah, well you're going to go and now water.
Good question. Important. Substinative marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not.
Cocaine. Yes.
Heroine probably.
And that means without a doubt. Without a doubt. Now you.
Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close.
No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot. What? Can I get a lot?
I sure told me to thank you very much. We got to thank the one.
You got to go.
Yeah.
Same trail with George W. Bush.
Okay. At 11 o'clock three at five 60 WQAM. Happy Friday. Here's one of the best things I've
received in my life in the mail. It's the what's the date? Spring 2000 edition of American
and Heritage of invention and technology magazine. Not because there's anything innovative in it
because on page five. Is a picture of a woman spritzing pesticides. I guess DDT it is.
It's just as a point of information in your article. The short-lived miracle of DDT.
There's a picture of Mrs. G Goldstein of Brooklyn spring her Brooklyn apartment with Army DDT
in 1945. Are you getting a little idea where we're going with this? Of who the fat chubby maybe is
in the crib? By the way. I'm a fat Jew. The caption says her young son is present to demonstrate
it safety. It may not have been so safe that baby grew up to be porn mogul Al Goldstein publisher
of the newspaper screw magazine. That's a trailer. Yeah. And there's and wait till you see the baby.
Talk about a chubby baby. She's about I think like eight months old and I picked you was 155 pounds
already. I got air out. God. I got to save. We got to save that for posterity. Thank you so
much whoever sent me that Steve. Thank you Steve. Chubby Al Goldstein. I'm a fat Jew. And if that
isn't the good yes it's all coming together now. It is. That's what he always says. Let's all
come together. Squirt, Squirt. South Carolina blocks King Holiday proposal. Columbia South Carolina.
South Carolina legislators block the bill Thursday establishing a holiday for Dr. Martin Luther
Coon leaving the state the only one in the nation refusing to wander the slain till the rights leader.
Of course remember back in Arizona when they were trying to block it too which they did
effectively didn't John McCain vote against cabinet. Yeah until somebody said it's politically
incorrect. He said oh yeah it was a bad idea. I'm all for it. House Republicans in Columbia South
Carolina effectively killed support for the bill by tacking on an amendment changing the proposed
holiday to civil rights day and adding language defending the Confederate flag as a symbol of the
state's heritage. Are you ready for that Utah this is just like the jet bush thing with Bob Jones
in the acidigock. So not only don't we want the Martin Luther Coon Day but also we're going to
help defeat it. We're going to tack on their thing with a Confederate flag.
Civil rights day for rednecks is what they want. Now that yeah in South Carolina. And by the way
didn't George W. in South Carolina bake all them good right wing Christian conservatives need to
pretty good. He done good. South Carolina. So next time you're up there in North Carolina just
remember like it's only a turn drop away to South Carolina. That's why there's a border.
No you don't like each other. They have some nice beaches though. Oh yeah they do.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18. Too bad we got rednecks on the beaches you know just like
over in on the west coast Panama City. God are those beautiful beaches. The people over there.
Speaking of people on a west coast here's a call from Fort Myers. Hello.
Yes thank you for taking my call. Yes sir thank you for
down here from Montreal the Fort Myers vacationing and notice that Jeff Rimmer is doing the telecast
along with Danny Puth van. Yes sir. Along with Denise Puth van. That's good.
I'm glad. Yeah it's okay. Wondering you know Denise is most famous lion since he's been in
Florida. I feel really really. Yeah that was his famous line right on the air.
Anyway you know how are the panthers attendance wise. Very weak very close. Not even close.
We have one cell out all year. Is that right? The attendance stinks and it's a pretty good hockey team.
A very good hockey team. It's in first place. They did a very last time I checked but the crowds
they stuck. Yeah that's what Rimmer says the crowd. They stuck.
Up in Montreal Rimmer had a sports talk show and if you ever get to talk to him you should
ask him what he never gets to talk to him. Yeah do you ever get to talk to him. I was in his house
yesterday and he was showing me pictures of his former very fat days. He was he was a monster.
I don't know if it was in Montreal where he was. He was a big fat guy. He was huge.
But he's good looking today. He has jet black hair. I wouldn't say he's good looking but he's
not huge anymore. Oh boy he's got a Hollywood haircut. Not my type but anyway. No. Anyway he had
some wrestlers in as guests and they almost destroyed him in a studio. So if you ever talking to him
you ask him about that. Okay if I ever see him again I'll be sure and ask him. Okay thanks.
Okay I'm never ready to do. Nice talking to you. Okay. Oh that's right he's from Montreal they don't say
that's what I was saying when did I look like the Leafs left their A game home or is this
Ancerado? They left their game home. A 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line is just sitting there drooling for you man just waiting for your first
vacation's comment. 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5. That lady ever called from media one by the way.
Oh. You can clarify and rectum find and let us know what's going on and make sure that we're
getting certain. No. No they don't care. Just pay your bill please. It's kind of like here
with our clients you know we don't care whether your spots on during my show at a ball game
pork lock in the morning. Just pay your bill. Here's Hialia hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I am. Hello.
Let's try one more time. Hello. Okay here's another game player. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami. Hi Neil. I live in the acres. I'm six blocks south of where you are. It's official.
You're up and running. I just spoke to my wife. Oh right. Yeah. No problem. So in other words it was
only a day out of my life so far. Well you're a very lucky guy. I can't tell you the problems I've had.
I'm unbelievable. Really? I mean including they had to rip up my lawn and which they ripped up my
phone line they ripped up my sprinkler system they are good about paying you. Yeah it was a nightmare
pretty good. For the first three months I had service maybe three days. So I already got to
beat I've had service eight days. You certainly do. How do I'm not bad. Okay thanks for the good news.
You're welcome. And the bad news too. So it's like everything else a little good goes a little bad.
It sucks but not all the time. Kind of like Monica sucks a lot but not all the time.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 7 85 63 45
Speaking of Monica punch up line four years and I thumbs up for it right there
and see and it just clicked off. Well there's nothing wrong with these phone lines.
There's nothing wrong with this system. Everything's wonderful right?
Love it on 9 at 560 WQ way of spreading and safe cheese.
An outside for language lesson of the day. Repeat after me. Me and more at ace maspovmita
for accepto to moustache which means my love. You're very beautiful except for your moustache.
I still want to be going. Okay it's a lot of 13 to 5 65 WQ. I'm Eric from
Univerica with our website. He's on top of it taking care of those problems. I talked about
before with a website and with this and that and about to be put about etc.
Don't forget our poll question today. Do you enjoy the show better with calls without the calls
or no difference? And then we should have put one on there that it sucks either way but then of
course they would all vote for that. All the smartasses out there. Like that great chat room
that we had. I remember that. Oh boy. See that's the thing. The internet has got so much
interesting crap on there and but in the meantime unfortunately at this stage of our lives
it is still dominated by a bunch of nerds and lifeless assholes. That's the real problem.
Computer nerds. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey God how you doing Neil? Great.
I wanted to firstly ask you about the panthers. Do you think that they're going to get somebody
for defense or are they going to get anybody when the trade comes up and also what about the
with the Miami heat? I mean they were great at the beginning. What's the Miami heat? Why do I
care about the Miami heat? I only care about hockey. I couldn't care less about basketball.
I only care about I tell you I only care about you. You're the best. Right. You know but I like
it when you do it. Splash yourself and I miss you from whamming and I just want to ask you about
you know the supposed to get a defense of wine from the panthers. Yeah and you know. Very nice.
Very great. He's right under a must a guy from Pittsburgh. He's under. Yeah I look over.
I'm over. Number one number one goalkeeper. Number one goalkeeper. Yeah.
He got a defensive line. Okay listen have a great day pal.
Palm Elberiz the number one goalkeeper and he's just under the defensive line and just on
top of Anna is what he said something like that we're just in between. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 by the way speaking of John Henry my good close personal friend John Henry you know him.
I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah that's the guy.
They got 624 thousand letters to the editor in the heraldous morning and
urging every one of them says no to this cruise tax idea. It says the heading they got for the
letters here in the readers form cruise ticket tax is a terrible idea or like yeah terrible idea.
They got like I said four million letters here in the paper this morning and every one of them says
to John Henry with his cruise tax idea. See he thinks that because most of us aren't too
fond of Mickey Harrison who don't pay anybody any taxes here and it also is in bed with the
mayor of Penga Pakenia he thinks that all while a cruise tax nobody cares about that because those
people aren't leaving us any money here anyway so who cares about those people and well guess what
evidently a lot of people do including the people who make their money in that industry
as draining as it may be in other ways than the economy above the community the fact is
their answer is no and everybody else's answer whether they're in a thing or not just like the
poll we took last week where we had seven million votes and six million nine hundred ninety eight
thousand nine hundred ninety nine whatever the hell was said absolutely positively no no tax money
for stating for this billionaire dickhead is what they said isn't that the way they said it?
Oh yeah that's what it said no oh and speaking of that you'll be really upset to know
that starting this Monday I already mentioned this but this is just a reminder because you don't
want to keep this too far out of your mind see I'm excited about it I'm ecstatic Georgia's
delirious about it starting this Monday at 12.50 pm it's Marlon's exhibition baseball right here
in the middle of the day we have a whole bunch of exhibition games right here in the middle of the day
screwing up my ratings and hangs also but nevertheless we're just doing the best we can
Marlon's baseball exhibition style anybody want to hear it? No no anybody interested? No I must
be crazy I must be nuts I mean letter after letter just excoriating this man for having the
hootspa the nerve like for example Arlene Feller and Miami in a relation to Bob I'm sure
I'm sick and tired of private sports corporations using public money as their private trough to drink from
if the Marlon's can pay its players millions of dollars then it should stop
axing the public for more and more whether it's land grants or tax money besides the idea of
tax and cruise passengers puts us at a greater disadvantage when Porteverglades doesn't have such
a tax since Arlene and Miami nice going Arlene where would it help you are?
and on and on it goes and here's Jim Church in Miami lakes who says the cruise ship tax would be
legalized robbery why not let tax left handers redheads or the businesses of those who support
the cruise tax yeah let's tax the left handed people if cruise passengers are taxed let's use
the money to improve the port and other facilities these passengers use let's not be sneaky legal
robbers who give Miami a bad name john Henry you're giving Miami a bad name I must be crazy I must
be not yeah they're pissed off and worse than it used to be how do you like that I think anybody
could do that give Miami worse than that already had but john Henry I must be crazy doing it he's
doing it you're giving us a bad name okay john go away take your team and go play someplace else
there is no interest none zero I have never I haven't spoken in a coons age to anybody who give
the crap about the Marlins does anybody know the name of anybody on this team no besides big Alex
Fernandez with a hundred 180 pound belly yeah he weighs three forty all of it say 180 pounds
around the middle the only player in history of baseball they added a beautiful number for his weight
here's western hello this is this is crazy they pay you for this put the calls on the call
we're called go go he said it this is crazy yeah right like he said I must be crazy I must be
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line let me just remind you
after hearing that our full question today on our internet yeah the calls really you know I
did my thing there for three weeks in December without the calls it was a glorious experiment
tremendous a positive reaction and then of course starting January one I went back to this
January February not a couple of days in March we've experimented attempting desperately not only
don't we get a lot of calls but we do get is pretty much like what you just heard there that guy
that mistreat that simple then that the wack off that's what we get here's a mobile in Miami hello
hey Neil yes sir I was gonna say I was for the calls but after that last video I'm not so sure
but anyway I represent about 50% of the calls that we get yeah that's true I live in plantation
have media one for about six months yeah and there wasn't a day where it wasn't down for either five
or ten minutes or sometimes just about the whole day now after they had about 15 different
Tom Dick and Harry come out there they couldn't figure out the problem they finally had this one
tech out that came last week and it's been up ever since and let me tell you a few things you did
and maybe it's applicable to you yeah one is you only need to have one line coming in for you don't
have a cable anyway you just have satellite right I have cable okay well you have to have the
separate cable line just for the the road runner you shouldn't use the same line for the TV
and the road runner so he separated that you put in an amplifier to boost the signal really
he made sure there was no filters on there because the filters that they use for the cable aren't
applicable for the road runner you did all that it hasn't been down since so maybe I do know I
do know I have a borderline very weak signal for whatever reason they I mean it worked great for
eight days but when they put it in they said it was a weak signal but they got it to work put
in an amplifier maybe that'll help you what do you mean put in well that they put in an amplifier
telling that you got a bad signal how did you actually get a hold of a living person that
media wants her yeah good luck on that yeah okay thanks all righty 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT
wireless line here's Miami hello yes sir I know how are you good happy anniversary it's all over
as far as the poll question goes it makes no difference now the poll question is on the internet
now okay we'll skip it then by the way crime is way up and coconut grove apparently I don't know
if you saw the article in yesterday's hero no they found a dentist down there that's apparently
trying to prop it from marijuana they found a bunch of baggies in this house yeah the
case is a paper yeah we saw that and but if they say if they can prove that he you know made like
10 cents off the cell in this lecture well I'm not using lecture cheer anymore in Florida
will make an exception in his case right I'm just going to take his house in this car and
everything he's got his own child and his towawa guess how much marijuana they found ounce five plants
so this guy's a big time or I guess five plants yeah but they got a lot of seeds and a lot of
seeds they you figure out how many other plants could have grown from those seeds and all of a
sudden you got a whole coxies armies worth of weed oh I guess that goes you got to have farm unbelievable
thanks for the good news all right what is there to say it's just stupid the overwhelming majority
of the public we'll take a poll on a one day next week they're opposed to all these stupid
idiotic laws everybody in this audience is smoking a good stuff right now yeah but you're all
criminals and you're gonna have a heart attack and the government says this I got news for the
food that the government the food and the drugs the prescription drugs that the government
approves the FDA and a our hell of a lot more hazardous to our health than any god then weed you're
ever going to smoke in addition to which probably a lot of the danger comes from the
impurities in the craft because people are buying unknown stuff off the street you know
i'm talking about as opposed to like a good crack i'm pretty sure he's just appeared by the way
is it just a defensive bit now why do you make him look like you would do her in a heartbeat
yeah strong cool on you skinny this is got an ugly nose and he's a lot prettier than she is he
knows five six seven oh five sixty right next
yeah there's a saying I always have on a serious situation like those two what a waste five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Carl spring's hello
deal yes sir i just want to let you know i got the libertarians back for you i wanted to
call up that number you gave out on the air yes and what they said to me was that they were
shocked that you reacted that way after one of the guys next five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the AT&T line here's the mobile informer's hello right now let's shake
what is it oh what's shaking he said come on let's get with it sir you're keep on
so slow to let's go let's go jesus christ i don't think i have to take the poll on the call
god yes speak to me say something seal baby yeah i got down the road one day
got deserve a lady in front of me yeah she she stumps on the bright squirrel run out in front of
okay right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line out of town line eight seven
seven seven eight five sixty three forty five better hop on these phones today baby because this
could be your last chance with me i'll take it that regardless of what that poll says i mean
this is we have reached an all-time low it's been you know getting worse and worse and worse and
worse and worse and here like yesterday when i had this brilliant forty five minute monologue and
i get on the phone there in the first the first car is yeah and that was the best of the bunch by
the way when we had like two people and anything to say the whole show yesterday how's line four
doing by the way hello here's a mobile and store it hello more new area okay excellent one
okay there is a viable alternative between a mediocrity one and blow south yeah it's called direct
duo and you have direct TV correct yes i get all my downstream from direct off the satellite my
upstream request i have to go through a phone line but that's for my downstream and it's where
you want your speed is it four hundred kbps it's a smoker maybe you're to check into it
so you who you who do you call for that you call direct TV yes sir okay and you change your dish
out it's kind of an oblong shake dish you added you change your dish out yes sir you still have
the same lmb right beside the new lmb they give you for your modem plug it into it plug the
modem into you have to be ported your computer and you are jammin okay so check into it looks thanks a
lot thanks go passers all right and i'm taking my computer when i leave here today i'm going to put
it in the bottom of my pool i think that's the best solution on all this crap i've had it five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five
sixty three forty five twenty six past eleven a few minutes
vood
every night i check in to make sure he's breathing
He's far, he's far in the dark
I just hope that he's always seen
On life
Just in
They say I'll have twins
But I know what to do with not true frozen
Furn will survive
Boy you talk about annoying it's not that maybe we'll do that one day next week
Don't let me forget who's the most annoying of the following and she's definitely got to be on the list
So lean Dion, boy. She just makes me want to
Pukes Christine Aguilar is right there with it. That's tough
And we'll find one or two more and don't put no Jessica Simpson on here
Okay, just because you've got a bone. No, but I'm not past the first one. So lean Dion. Oh, brother
Just really annoying anorexic looking can't sing for Schmidt, but other than that. How about that John rocker? Huh?
Oh, I'll tell you one thing
I never allow the way somebody looks to influence the way I think about them unless I always do
You mind the only one? No, of course not. He's a good looking guy that John rocker especially for a big guy
Most big guys are real freaky looking. He's like a little you can see a little aintry in his background
He can do no wrong in my book. Okay, even though we don't like the facts. You don't like the black. He don't like anybody
At least he spreads it around even he's not like a discriminatory guy. He spreads it around
Don't be knocking my buddy John rocker. Okay. He looks okay to me
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Got a couple lines actually working here today not too many. Here's Parkland. Hello
You yes, sir
Long time listen. I heard this might be the last time you actually allow calls on your on your show
So make sure I got my two cents in before you disappeared
My first question is I'm not disappearing the phone just mine the phone's well
I don't blame with all the trouble you're having but
With all these people calling so I'm like I'll cash from deliverance, but I just wanted to
To ask I heard and I'm I'm not entirely sure if they're gonna start interrupting your show with the Marlins. Yes
That's crap man. No one likes the Marlins. Yeah, I
Mean why would interrupt your show with the Marlins because that's part of their deal
I mean they got to carry so many exhibition games and of course all the regular season games
So whenever there's a Marlin game on they got to stick it on there whether anybody wants to hear it or not
That's part of the great deal like read made with the Marlins so that for the honor of losing the millions of dollars every year
That we lose because nobody wants to buy those spots that is ridiculous
So it doesn't matter if they all your fans go out and call them and wouldn't make any difference. Oh that is just weak
Yeah, I also wanted to say why would you want to do that then it cost me all those hours off?
Oh, true. I don't want to I don't interrupt your
I'm not gonna time off man. Yeah, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to go to those times
I also wanted to mention I heard this I think was on the news last night
It's really just floored me with the whole
Case in and New York with the 41 shots and the guy with the wallet. Yeah
That they were gonna try to prosecute the four cops under violating civil rights
Yes, which just floored me because that's what they first used to bring down the crew clicks plan
Was they couldn't nail them with anything else but violating the basic
What they did with the Rodney King thing in LA is same thing
Right, so it says it's amazing how it just keeps on going around in circles. It happens like this happens
Everybody is also in the up and arms like this is the first time this has happened
Mm-hmm. It happens it happens every day. It happens every day every day
And like you say life in this country is like stepping on a cockroach
Have a great day pal YouTube. Thanks for your uplifting comments 5 6 7 0 5 60 how about line eight is line eight working
Now what?
I'm sitting here chewing out the audience again
I wonder how come we can't get anybody with IQ of over three except maybe one or two to call in here
The whole guy damn phone systems all screwed up
This is a great day for Greg read to be having lunch with Norma can't you know? Oh wait, what was that?
I was lying forward doing two-hour at it
There you go with that phone system. It's coming in one key at a time
Yeah
One one number at a time the number one's coming in this week and the number two is coming in next week
So like in 10 weeks we should have the numbers all taken care because that's as fast as we can afford to pay him right?
This is really special today
See I see if I'm Greg read I don't I couldn't show my face in public
You know, I'm saying I walk around with a bag over my head. I walk around in disguise all the time
Because you're out of the closet Greg everybody who listens to this show knows that you're a total hundred carrots phony or full of crap
Promises and promises and promises. Oh, here's the invoice
We actually paid for and and last week it was gonna be here this week. Is it here? No, it's coming in piecemeal
Peace here. Peace there. Peace. I've been over there
You just get the feeling that you're sitting back helplessly watching them parlay you ended on existence
You know I'm talking about you follow my address. Yeah, parlaying you like right off the map
And how about those spots did we ever see a John Jarris again?
We ever see him all the big news about those spots that they came here with a may hey make up and all that crap
That was weeks ago weeks and weeks and weeks ago. We ever hear any more about that. No no
And by the way that quiet period's gonna be over real soon. Oh
Man, I can't wait
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile and coconut cream hello
Yeah, I am Neil. Yes sir. Yes, I'm yesterday subject about the double standard
There was a nautical in the USA today in January due the National Football League playoffs
Where does black defensive lineman said he drools when he sees a white quarterback back there and he said the reason for that is
They can't move now. I want you to reverse that had a white man said that about a black man
They would have come out of the woodwork
Yeah, but it wouldn't have said that because the black guys move real fast. They're used to it, you know
They move that yeah, but they can't but the idea behind that is they they once said made a remark
They don't think as fast as a white man
Uh-huh, and when they said that about maybe about 20 years ago. They came out of the woodwork
So there's a double standard right there not one peep out of any of the writers the sports writer
Yeah, that's right. Okay. I had a number two that got a call yesterday about taking everybody over 65 off the roads
I'm Friday night going them back to Monday, right and keep more of the golf courses
I like to tell this guy something I shoot a very good game of golf and I also am 72
Yeah, I drive a truck for a living have not had an accident at a very good driving record
Some day this jerk is going to be 65 and we like to see how he feels getting put relegated to the part of your dead wood pile
Okay, actually see you see it to your casino five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
So line eight
And
Got only those maybe even live to everybody had a little bit of problems. I got a problem on air
No, seriously, we got a phone back today that hardly any of its working right
And I sit here over not gonna take any more calls and the audience is dead or an adorn it. I'm doing a show in a vacuum here
I'm doing a telephone talk show but a guy didn't phone it doesn't work again
Greg bluff all you other fakers all you want to be all you pretenders all you silly people on
You liars
Oh, it's gonna be March 1st. It's gonna be here, but like everybody says he didn't say what year that was the problem March 1st
You should live so long okay liar liar pants on fire
How can this man he's gonna have lunch with Norma can't is this man out of his mind or what?
Uh-huh
22 till noon at 560 Q.A.M. This is 560 Q.A.M. It's Friday you
Friday night on five it's the WGW championship in the higher ball
Blikton style versus Christopher the pressure
You're not gonna run my unloovicated vote up your two
Rapparves around your waist and slap you in the belly
Feast you're a preeler still with your mom, but I'm gonna play you with show two
Just watch I got my red frequent gown on and when you hear me sing like Tommy to
Daddy don't you understand I
Oh
The
Jappy
17 till the 560 WQM. So when does a busy hockey superstar like Pavel brewery have time to do on a huh maybe in between periods
Pavel brewery's got a huge pair
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line out of timeline is waiting on you 877 785 6345
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. All right. First of all, I wanted to
I was listening on the radio the other day and
with one of the
Coalers were saying about locker John rocker what he says and I remember a one time ago the one of football season last year
There was a redgy white thing something and I mean I think there's no
Nothing happened to him at all right
And black and when I was assuming that's because he's black
Well, I mean with a formative action today and I mean this is the past and the past we I don't know
I'm a white American. I don't know nobody to I don't know nothing to know
Especially black Africans and I
Africans
I like that Martin Martin Luther Cundo. I like that. Yeah, but I feel that I don't know them nothing
We all should be together and nobody should be putting anybody down or anything like that
But we it's still a constitution where where we could say anything we want and you would express yourself as you always do
Which is very good and you know the other thing is that when when people
Especially today with the formative action. It's what you have upstairs
Not what color you are and you should get that job not to question your white black
Yeah, right. So I mean there and also did you know that blue cross blue shield is running the insurance for Medicare of Florida
That's a private company. Okay. Thanks for the good news
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line got 1400 open lines and so I'm actually working this morning
This is a quite a capital a really great week
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Okay
I'm with Yanuki we're dying over here, man
Started last Saturday with that appearance at Seminole Indian casino with us 400-year-old people
I wanted to call you a couple days ago, but it hadn't had time and gone downhill ever since yes, sir. I
The comments you were making about you know like an extreme racist now and change your mind. I didn't take extreme
I said I'm very racist very racist. I am pretty much the same thing
But anyway, I people have called your show. I've been listening for over 10 years now. Yeah people have called your show
Pretty much express your opinions in their sentiments exactly what you were saying the other day
Never criticized called intolerable bigots and so on a lot of people call just being smartasses
I understand that
You know, yeah, I'm listening. I don't know how to click but anyway
I had to listen if you if you still hear me on the phone. It's a miracle forget about the clips
Anyway, um, I consider myself
Erasus but not for reasons of being an uneducated jackass who just hates people because they're black. Yeah, I just
In my self-erasus because I watched the news. I see what goes on. I don't move my life in my eyes closed
Okay, I see what goes on in it and the day of I'm sick of it and every but every one of my friends
I know no hang out. I got a few black guys who were friends, but I don't know hang on every one of my friends
It's it's almost comical
Nobody likes black people the white guys
None of them it's not because somebody's skin is black. It's because well
Let me ask you something how come they all go to see the heat games the NBA now one of my friends do
I don't know who goes to see the I mean
I'll tell you right now all white people there are no black people in a crowd that can't afford the tickets
Those are all white people and they're almost no there
You know it's mattering a handful of white guys playing in league, but 90% of the players are black
I honestly so white people all just like the black guys so much how come they go to see him play?
I honestly couldn't talk about how come they pay money to see Mike Tyson with all his shannified. I don't know
I think it's ridiculous. I I tell you they do I don't like basketball in the one because it's a black man's sport right?
Okay, number one. I don't watch you. I couldn't care less about it. They drive you're not answering for why all the white people go there
If they all dislike black people, what are they doing there? I think you answer it every time you
Every time you talk about basketball you answer yourself. They just go there to make it some sort of
Status statement you're going to with yourself. I don't know if they're really
Fans of the NBA I couldn't tell you. Maybe they they enjoy this sport whether it's white or black or not, but
In reality
They might not say to you to out in the open, but when they have a conversation
You know 90% of the white people hate black people. I don't know that I don't know that
100% of the black people hate white people. Why do you say I know that?
Why do you say I'm not going to talk to you because you don't want to have a conversation
Just want to keep rambling and rambling and rambling and rambling you know this and you know that in other words
The whole world is through this guy's eyes. That's why I took the poor yesterday to find out what people do think
Even though obviously there's some people out there who don't perceive their own feelings very honestly. That's that's obvious
But this guy I know this and I know that because that's the way he views it. So therefore I must know it. Do I know it? No, I don't know it
I
I just keep rambling it man rambling it
He'd be rambling it five six seven. I think boy he was basically trying to say he don't like black people
Is that what you try to say I'm gonna say that in about 10 seconds. You don't like black folks. Okay. You're entitled
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. Oh, that was Jesus. Yeah
First off from hearing you about an hour ago. Media one best sucks
And second off the thing about the marijuana and the heart attack
Thank you, but I'll die with a smile on my face. There you go. Yeah
Happy be laid at anniversary
Didn't get to call you that day out in a field secondation. So I was in someone's house through most of your show and missed out. Okay
Your two-hand management sucks. I don't know who those people are but they are just running you into the ground
Sure are they're doing a good job
Reading your nerves and your nevermind. Well, thanks for the others. The your website is excellent. I just I love it
I downloaded Tritner of love and it's wonderful. Okay. One of my favorites. Anyway, um the national back to
Two associations. Yeah, if it wasn't for professional sports most of these guys would be in prison
You know, it's phenomenal. Happy to be in prison anyway. Okay. Thanks
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line four Myers West Palm Beach
Boynton Beach Viro Beach Ford Pierce Jacksonville Daytona Panama City
Raidenton clear water luths
877 785 6345. How's line four coming along by the way
How about line eight here on his phone? How's that coming? That's not any better than you. It's like crap to me. All messed up all I have to
Day after day week after week month after month, but I mean, but I'm about but I just I like I said
I can't imagine being in any way responsible for something that this is the most listened to program on the station by far
Everybody in this town is hearing it everybody knows about it and these people don't care
They're oblivious
And he's talking to my lawyer about making a setting up a studio somewhere we're gonna do the show out of town
You know something I could be in my pants thinking about that
These people are the most inept the most unbelievably incompetent in history of the business
Mark Coney is right if he had a guy then gun in the box. He'd blow his brains out just to make sure he stays dead
Just thinking about this place
And their reaction it's always the same the world of things on the way and through the one piece of the time and bob the mood said this and George Corso so that and
Wow
I really must be desperate for the money and all I have to be
Why also in a world where I come in day after day well and most days now you just know for a while there
Remember they first put this new thing and I came back from vacation
We had about three or four days in a work. Okay, or maybe well five minutes
And then the line eight things started it happened this morning George and I were sitting here talking before the show
We're having a conversation and all of a sudden here
He pointed the guy then the monitor for the phone system and here's line eight is popped on by itself
Just it's just popped right on like a like a big zip right off way and put a push
And you know bluff is walking around maybe
You
Here's hi Alia hello
Good morning. You yes sir. How are you happy Friday to you sir? Yeah, I hear you all right. I'm okay
I'm not gonna get sick again from these people they made me sick for six weeks with that ibs
I'm not gonna do it school. I told you that if this is the way they want to run a radio station and that's their business
There's nothing I can do about it. I told you to try to die before that that way we have to live up to their contact
Yeah, that's true could be I got a few things to talk to you about long me $50. Yes, sir. Okay
Whenever I have you know the people about friends or coins is
They talk about all the racism that's here, you know
But you know and they try to take the color of the skin as I excuse
I just point to the Haitian community
You know, I have a lot of friends that are Haitian and here here's a group of people
That's come from a third world nation, but a fourth world. Yeah
Many of them without you know a higher education
Many without lower education, right, you know speaking
Not even not let's say not even the English language but the prevalent language here with his Spanish
Right in this community. Yeah speaking either of the above exactly with a color of skin darker real dark or even darker than most dark
Is the ace of spades right exactly right and here you are
I mean, but you know I lived in North Miami and I said you could take care see that community is with mainly
Malia Haitian American at this time. Yeah, you know, so
What if you did they finally stop put the diapers out there on the front lawn now that was
I said when it first came here the Haitian. Yeah, I mean they were like peaceful, etc
Yeah, but they kept your under diapers out there on the front the lawn people start getting a little bit out of shape about that
Yeah
And we make a nose 20 and 30 babies in each household or one. Yeah, so how can how can they make a lot of babies?
I can like you're using a you know the color of the skin and it's cute when these people have come with you know
Well many are well, but they've come and done what I mean what what is he you're trying to tell me what have they done?
You know, they come here without nothing
Because they work cheaper than the African-Americans. They work the cheapest of all
But they work hard and if the American black people work for uh, you know eight cent an hour they'll work for five cents
But you know, at least they you know, they've accomplished something as if they got their own houses
They got you know, decent jobs. You know, they put their kids for common
I'm not really sure which one which group actually spits in the soup a lot, but they will have to do a survey on
And in the same note remember what you said about Helen Dale's crime rate going up. Yes, sir
Have you taken a drive through Helen Dale lately? No, not not recently. Thank God. Well, taking you know the complexion has changed slightly
Yeah, yeah, that's it, you know, but that still depends on which side of the railroad tracks it is. It's tracking up a lot
Yeah, well, you know, you take a drive through there. You'll see in some changes. Okay. You might explain the crime rate. Thanks for the good news
Okay, they have it right there. Is he trying to say that dark folks are committing a lot of crime? I'll be god danged
But to those Haitians ain't doing it
5 6 7 0 5 they may be spending a soup of
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Let's do Cape Coral. Okay, because we have so many articulate intellectual people in Cape Coral. Hello
Thank you. Yes, sir
I had a couple things I wanted to talk about first. I love your show. It's refreshing to hear somebody speak speak their mind
Yeah, too happy about is here. Don't understand it. Yes
I don't think
Although it appears that black people commit crimes and people of color
It's actually poor people who commit crimes because they have nothing to lose and it's just so happens that I mean like Ted Bundy
Well, he's an exception. Oh
But I think it's the poor
The poverty that causes this they they have nothing to lose. So they're going to try anything to turn a buck
And over here in Cape Coral and Lee County you have any poor people over there do you? Well, I was going to say we do we have hope not
We have a done bar area that's very poor predominantly black. We also have fun coastal states which is
Very poor and predominantly white the problems are similar crime and and abuse children and it's because of poverty not because of color
But what I really want to talk to you about was gun control
I wonder what kind of gun control you would like to see
What gun control I would like to see I'd like to see no more guns in the hands of
Private citizens and how would you go about that can't do it. Oh, that's what I confiscate them
But could you get them all huh?
Could you get all you can't get all of them but you get as many as you can you go around and you're not going to the North
Three in the morning say we're here to take your guns and cut the crap and that's it you go in here and take the guns you do a search
The problem is you do a search you look up their
Backed home if they're hide where you can't get out. That's right. Let it down yank it out
The problem is the genie's out of the bottle. We can't make guns go away
I can just let's give one to everybody. Let's give them all the little kids at least put them on kids
No, seriously little kids and they are on even footing so like that little kid in flett of people's gun. At least you got a chance too fat, you know
Yeah
Well, make sure there's make sure there's a bullet in the chamber already because it takes they were showing how much force it takes to
Pull the trigger but if it's no sip but if there's a bullet in the chamber, but even like a little six-year-old kid
No problem can blow your ass away. Listen have a great day man. Okay, there you go three minutes till noon at five sixty W
Q.A.M. This is five sixty Q.A.M.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixty
Q.A.M.
Oh
Idiot of Othley on the prices rest. What would you bid on that fine oak cabinet? Yeah, uh, uh, six hundred ninety four thousand twelve cents
Yeah, that that that definitely six hundred ninety four thousand twelve cents. Yeah, and the price is six hundred ninety four dollars and twelve cents
Your own winner they may not know what year it is, but they know their prices and prices
112 items that they show yeah, yeah, yeah, that definitely 112 items that they show don't miss a second the video
It's the bond week on the price is right
What's the other guy in first?
Oh, the guy in first, the guy in first, what's the other guy in second? Who's the other guy in first? I don't know
Who's saying?
Probably one at five fifty WQ. I'm I'm gonna leave it a little while because the phones aren't working too good today
I'm getting really sick and tired of this crap and Joe Costello came in so George will be doing a show of twelve thirty. I'm getting a hell out of here
No seriously
I'm just getting a hell out of here as well. I'm doing I'm gonna go to Vegas
I'm gonna go on the planet go to uh
While Keegan, Illinois. I'm gonna go to Ishtra, Ming, Michigan
I'm gonna be touring the Midwest over the weekend. I'm gonna go to goddamn Omaha to get ready for the college world series in a couple of months
I'm just getting out of here for a while
Because this is a very debilitating experience trying to work for the guy
Right now
All right
You got it that that's the epitome of WQA right there and these people think I'm gonna buy their
That's right. We can't talk about that yet today but a couple of days
Here's a pop it'll be chill out
Hi Neil yes, sir
Yeah, I'd like to join you on a quick plane out of here. Yeah, let's get out here for a couple of days. Get out of this place
Sounds good. This station depresses me
Well listen Neil. I'm a you know this crime rate thing. I've you know, I've been in and out of the truck. I'm a truck driver
and um
I don't see any you could feel real safe right about now
I didn't actually I stopped home for some lunch, but I see on my schedule tomorrow
uh, I'll be down in uh
um
And candle tomorrow well like I said I wouldn't feel too safe if I were you
Well, have you heard anything where I keep checking the newspaper every day about that prostitution ring down there?
It can't believe me right no having heard another word about it
Well, you know about those crooked cops
Horon out some minor some underage girl and all the cops in date county from all kinds of different agencies
Going down there and screw in their guts out with some little minor girl
Which has been swept out of the carpet not another word. How do you like that? Well, no, I was you know
I mean my buddies we preferred you know
older women, but we really do yeah, what are we really doing joy? It could brothel
But what we're curious about is that you know these guys are on paid administrative leave now I hear um
So now they have both
But how come we never heard about all of the other they said that air be agency and every police agency in date county
Was well represented there with all kinds of officers there morning noon and night banging their brains out
What about those guys how come nobody ever heard another word about them?
Now come there still running around the on the taxpayers that will get in paid when they ought to be in god
They'd be hide bars or something that's a good question. I that's why I was curious
Maybe one of those guys could call in and lighten us there you go, you know, uh, we'll get the tracer on her right now
Well, you know, Neil
Jesus is it all that he at least they could have done was opening it up to the general public
There you know, I wouldn't bend so well
I don't want to call yesterday
He said he heard she was real hot so that was good news. Have a great day pal. Take care. Good luck you. Bye-bye
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We've got a couple lines working here today
Then we got something that are like a little uh, just have a little bit of a problem
Just for a second there I thought maybe we were thinking to come back
You think it's making a comeback? I don't think so. No, no name. I can't come back
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Yes, sir
First of all, I do think one minute and then I'd like to hear what you're gonna say number one is when I was
An elementary school, okay, I see a lot of things in my school
It was uh, which was able to palm elementary my guess in my name oh
That was up a few of the black people were my school
Everyone was stealing girls old chains. Everyone was fighting
Everyone every black was fighting and stealing and feeling everyone and the guys don't lie, okay?
And the other the other thing is when you know, they want the wrong private school with colleges, you know
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
8777785 clan
8777856345
Here's sunrise. Hello
Hey, you know when you're the crappy host of a talk show. Oh, hey, you got to
Here's North Miami. Hello
Hey Neil how are you? I have no idea
Was this lost lost in the wilderness? Oh
And listen, you know the word I use for that is the Miami attitude man. It's called arrogance
You know, I think it's called stupidity is what is these a bunch of vacuum heads correct me if I'm a arrogance correct me if I'm wrong
You just had three colors ago call you and say the patients came off the boat and at a hard time speaking the predominant language
Fan yeah, how do you live it? How do we live in that kind of arena? What do you mean by that? How do we live?
Well, it's it would either
Out of the world are planning mr. Fresh air. We're here. Yeah. I am a business in North Miami. Yeah, and he had said that he
Move out of North Miami because patients and this and that I have no idea what he was talking about
What did he say other than undercutting the working price for of a Malan African-Americans?
Right, what of the Haitians done here? They built that way to me here in the South. I don't know what he's talking about
I'm a white guy and I don't have patients become highly educated and the very skilled and
I'll let me tell you let me tell you since since they've moved in the North Miami area
Okay, and I like I said I've been here about 10 years. You even know me if you tell my voice
Um in the in the last 10 years I've watched the Cubans come in and move out of the neighborhood because they can't stand black people
Yeah, the patients have moved in cleaned up the area the price of property around here has risen. Yeah, okay
So yeah, you know, there's the old thing about the diaper thing in the home on yards in the front yard
Yeah, but the reality is is
Haitians are real family oriented people. Yeah, really family. Yeah, huh? Well, it's the truth. I mean, listen
There's bad Apple everywhere, but
Listen to me people who are slippers. Oh, yeah, when you listen to me, can I finish just a sentence?
People who are slippers can't be reproducing like rabbits. It's irresponsible. Okay
Well, what does that have to do with what what I'm talking about everything to do with it? Well, the good
They're 90% good out there
That's not who's 90% good. Well, I'm talking about a patient. How do you know? How do you know that because I deal with them on an everyday basis?
So the words you've done a survey and 90% of the Haitians are good people. Yes
Do you realize how assamine that statement is? Well, do you realize how assamine saying that
Slepper you're you're you're bunching them all into shlepper
Then they're not I mean the bulk of the people that I do business with yeah, they're not they're assollent
Well, no, come on. I mean, I'm just saying I'm listening to the big the people who are very bigoted
I'm just saying a positive film. Look man. I've been here as long as you have. I've dealt with all kinds
I mean, I've watched people come into my store and if I don't speak Spanish they turn right around and walk right out
Okay, but so so what so what are you doing? You're saying in other words the
The Haitians are great. No, I didn't say
People are
I don't know what you're talking about. What is your point? What are you trying to say? All right? Well my point was this
That I heard I heard a guy call and say that Haitian people moved in the North Miami and he moved out. Yeah, I'm saying. Thank you
That's my point. Okay, they did move in the North Miami. Well, you're welcome
And have a great day you're too rough. Have an idea. What are you talking about? No, I don't I need interpreter
I don't know what these people are talking about here
So far you enjoyed the near Roger show with calls 41 without calls 33 no difference 14 out of the 88 we've had so far on our
Near Rogers dot com which will leave this one up all weekend long, but I'm afraid it's gonna be right down the middle again
More with calls they like these calls. I like the calls today. Oh, they're dynamite. I love them five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty my favorite one was
We called several times as a matter of fact to say
Yeah
In a generation a television show comes along worthy of every accolade
So worthy in fact it's worthy of its own award
Ladies and gentlemen welcome to the first annual subpartos award
And the nominee for best lead character in the subpartos James Gando
The nominee for best supporting character to play the wife of the lead character in the subpartos
Edie Falco
Who will take home the coveted mobby award which until a week ago didn't exist
The sopranos awards finally more of the same honors. They've already won over and over
Will be bestowed on the actors who have so many awards. They can't walk through their family room without tripping already
Oh
The subpartos awards with special appearances by Nancy Martian
Michael Imperiali
Dominic Chiadisee
Tony Cerrico and that guy who used to play guitar for Bruce Springsteen
The subpartos awards only on HBO the only cable channel with us stones to make you pay to watch an award show
Call 14 at 560 WDQAM
Here's a call from Chicago. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir
You know, I want to get some kudos to your website designer. Yes, it's excellent
It is very quick surround no problem right and please I hope the
Call and vote wins because um, we we like to talk to you
Really, oh, we like to talk to you
But that I can see that back to the website. I mean, yes great. I've I've launched to in in Collier County recently and
I know how tough it is to access an STP and blah blah blah but
Give him a race. He deserves it. Okay. You got to raise Eric. Thank you. Put the check in the mail pal
Thanks so much
560. 0560 our website is great neo-rangers.com that's any IL without a d by the way neo-rangers all on word.com for those illiterate people
We have many of them in the audience. Uh-huh. Several of whom we've talked to today by the way. It was nice hearing from them
I mean, I really don't care. Kill some time if you want to hear bozos every day. That's okay
And the caller is you know, just like this guy said the caller is will win by a small margin
Probably just like it has been although we got all weekend to go so care keep that thing uh
Smoking over the weekend now George had a great idea was that your idea was that something very own original
I think we have these stupid marlin games coming up and that idea would be that
Wouldn't take it off a lot technologically speaking and I would even be willing to make the investment of getting a real good computer and putting it in here
Speaking of our website and we could continue when they have like the marlin games on these horrible marlin games that always listen to on the radio
We can do the rest of the show like from 1250 to 200 PM or so whenever we run another steam on the website
And say whatever the hell we want and say whatever the hell we want we can say uh
We can say
Schmidt without the n and frick without the r and whatever. Well, how are that goes play the uncensored versions play the uncensored versions of all the stuff
We got in here and really entertain like a real audience out there of people with IQ large into their at the toenail
That's a very good idea
Just sitting here in the room and of course does the FCC regulate content on the internet. No, they do not
And if they know what's good for them, they never will
Because Don Corleone ain't going to be too happy about that
Here's the keys, hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to talk with you about these uh, yokels that are calling up about the racership. Yeah
Uh
It's kind of frightening really but when you hear these people call all the Haitians are good people
Well, none of that
All in nobody is good people. Can you break? Well, that's my point. How come all what you make such a
Of gratuitously idiotic statement 90% of the Haitians are great people 82% of the Jamaicans ain't too bad
And 47% of the Italians never stole a freight train
And of course they're basically of course it's based on this personal experience
And I give the guy a lot of credit for calling up and defending the Haitians. That's the first white person
I've ever heard or met
It's definitely defended a Haitian that since I moved down here
And uh, the ones that I've met
Decent people and I'm sure there's ones that I've met not so decent just like there's plenty of white chakasses
And you seem to be calling your program correct, but uh
The problem is is that you notice that I can sort of tell by the the sound of their voices and the
And the man or speech that the the really gung ho rates is tend to be older folks
You know, they tend to be a little bit, you know middle aged maybe even older or even elderly folks that this is what they've grown up with
This is what they've been taught. This is what they've learned
Because they you know, I I met a kid down here that I worked with and he used to use the dreaded inward all the time
And he was from Detroit and I bowed side Detroit actually and I said do you actually did you have a problem with black people one point your life
Did you ever run in he said no?
And I said did you grow up with him? He said no, I never knew any black people
I said yeah, how can you live in Detroit and not ever know any of the suburbs?
Oh, and I said how could you possibly call them?
You know what you're calling them if you've never dealt with them. Yeah, I just hate them
I'm like wow and that's that's the problem is that the really gung ho rates is that the clan types the really
Evil nasty ones, yeah, yeah, very little experience with actual black people and I grew up in Philadelphia
And let me tell you they're not all nice, but I don't have a problem with them any more than I have a problem with white people
You just need to read and experience life a little bit and you start finding out that
It's not this country
Love to divide stuff up by race with the real division is made by class. Yeah country
And that's you know people let me just repeat the two things I said yesterday two education and birth control
Those are two things to keep running through my mind education birth control
You too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in somewhere. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
All right, I like you like to call it and um, you just got through Swatza history
Well, I called you about that a few weeks ago way down now in March and I want to do it on the affirmative action
Now from the vaccine and get me deadly squad right okay, I'm black didn't even get both diddly squad
Yeah, that's why I like this you show man, you know what I worked your website and you got all the best stuff stuff
Right and then being the black person turned on by you
I mean even though you white and you're doing your gay death not the issue right defective. I like your stuff man
There you go. Well, one kid white guy you know you tell it like it is all right, and you know and um as far as I beat a bomb, man
Don't forget it
You know, yeah, yeah, whatever. Yeah, word up. Yeah, um anyway, um as far as George
No, yeah, Bush and George Bush and jet bush. Yeah, I'm the burning bush
I'm talking about jet bush is um
And miss you the crap. I mean in the sense I I hate saying this but
That uh from the vaccine gotta go like I say you help me you get me nothing right you get me nothing
I'm playing on going to school next month to major in something. I don't want to talk about over here
But I think a good living at it. Okay, and and I just want to arm robbery
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't want to uh
Uh, I don't want to be stereotyped. That's what I try to get to. Okay
Okay, well listen got to run. Yeah, okay great. They come take care of yourself
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
Isn't that considered at jokas still over bring his bong in from home for the show this afternoon when jod George comes on
That was kind of considerate
Especially after that nice talk of cake. I gave me the other night that was given me by the panther organization
And that bottle of wine and bottle of a gram album. That was pretty nice
Here's my Annie. Hello
Hey, I'm doing now great
I'll be using to your show all week
Um, I won't say I'm a Haitian American. Anyway, yes, we have a Haitian caller
I've been listening to you for the while now
We're going on I must say it's like quite like the color till you're yesterday. Anybody who's generalized
I think we should stop analyzing stop generalizing deal with people one at a time
That's one second of all I like to say that as a black person whether it's a person is an idiot
We just don't like it. I don't care whether they white black Spanish wherever I don't have the person is an idiot is an idiot
That's right. Second of all, there's an old Chinese saying and asshole isn't answering actually
No, I don't worry. That's correct. Second of all was something I would like to say to you but
One of the other way you from you're gonna have people are good. You're gonna have to go back
Okay, so that's that's that's too in second of all when it comes to affirmative action one thing
We have to say that
I'm sure that you know that more not everybody just people because they are good or they can do a job some people most people
Just you don't like black people you come in for no them. They just on deal with you and some of them just because of that
Affirmative action they have to deal with us and they have to give us a job not because they want to but because they have to
Even though that even though that we have the credentials
We are smarter and a lot of time some of the white people must have me that
When they give a black person a job is because a person is as good and he has to be twice as good as a black
As a white person some of us have to admit that and I think that it's not
Not all of us get a job because we black because we cannot do the job
But because we can do it and we can do it twice as good that's most good
I'm a lot of us to get good job because we can do it twice. We have to be twice as good and some of us have to admit it
I believe I like to see what you have to say about that and I'm like your stuff. Bye. Okay
You like my stuff everybody likes my stuff
I wonder if they like my stuff as much as like Chris Ackon stuff. No remember that
Wasn't any of that movie and I didn't have the night in heaven. We want to see my stuff
We're different. I always said. Yes
Poor murve Griffin, you know so best understood. I wonder was it even before the pig that he was really smitten with you know, which one was it really
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Listen, I've got a real problem with this art kissing pandering medium in South Florida. Yes
Jesus Christ got Rick Senses doing this special on the real Cuba
I don't think they've looked out their studio windows for a bloody decade because the whole place is a bloody war zone
I go to the Miami arena sunny morning. I get down this I take a wrong turn some I don't know how I got lost
Sunny morning. I should put them on it. It's like a bloody war
For some book or something or some bloke to me. It was like a bloody war thing
When you know something that's what that guy that Rick hit you know when Rick was a little intoxicated out there in front of
Here's a guy that's what the guy said as he was falling he said it's kind of like a bloody war zone
And then he said
We'll cheer eventually he died. No, I know and then it makes me sick these Cuban
Askissing pandering media filth. Yeah, what sort of a country we living in?
They couldn't even clear their own backyard and they're pointing a finger at Cuba
Holy moly. They have you look at that. I've been down the studios down there's a bloody war. Are you caught even stop your car?
This a bloody war. We're gonna be able to see it. I'll see in Las Malvinas. Okay. Okay. Tata
Las Melvinas 24 past
Uh
Well, at least the brits are smart enough now. They only pick like little tiny people that can't fight back, right? Uh-huh
Maybe if they didn't have quite so many queens and England they might have you know, but shut up a little bit
But in any rate the uncut wonderboy of the airways
George
Captain for 15 minutes is that so much to ask now you know, I'm as the staple of MSNBC news and now the long awaited CD is here
The Ramsey sings their favorite beach boy hits where we're not
Racking but we kill our daughter and had enough money to
Right the authorities with plenty left over if we should decide to kill
ah
Rather
you
Get this tickets all the plus
Pack the bags.
Not much time.
You know fries.
Won't explain time.
You're a bit faster?
My bitch will.
Yes, it's the Ramsey's.
Singin' their favorite.
Beech Boy hit.
Now available from guilty pleasure records.
Oh, thanks for the co-op crop, by the way, Joe.
But I don't have any time anymore.
Well, I knew I wouldn't.
I'll talk on it later in the co-op crop, too.
1229 on 560 WQA.
It's been George's show now.
So I'm gonna hang up on all these people
because they don't want to talk to me.
At least I don't think.
If you do want to talk to me, call back.
Because Daniel Gawney's on his way to the airport.
And whatever it is that they wanted to talk about what he was talking about,
I guess the race thing.
We're talking about that.
Still or again or whatever.
And I didn't want to talk about that.
I wanted to talk about citrus canker.
Have you ever had a citrus canker?
You don't know because you probably don't have any citrus in your yard
or in your parents yard where you still live.
Look at this.
I had to put a sweatshirt on in here.
Did you notice how cold it is in here?
Because that people like it cold.
It's freezing in here.
My nipples were all rock hard.
Or was that for another reason?
So they're slashing all the citrus trees in and around town.
And they just changed the, I want to say law,
but I don't know if it's a law of the policy.
It used to be only 200 feet.
Now it's 1900 feet.
Or something like that.
Because God forbid we should destroy Florida citrus industry.
And I don't want to destroy Florida citrus industry.
And far be it for me to be the one person who destroys all of the citrus trees.
And they're not being destroyed by the way.
The fruits just come out with blemishes.
And I don't know what else it is.
Maybe somebody who knows something about citrus canker can enlighten me.
We see the PSAs on the TV.
Have you seen those at least?
The PSAs on the TV?
That there come feet.
You've been in my backyard, right?
And besides the dock, what's the coolest neatest thing about my backyard?
All the trees.
All the trees.
Which one in particular?
The giant 30 to 40 feet tall.
I don't even know how tall it is.
It's so tall you can't see around to the top of it.
You know what I'm saying?
It's so tall and broad.
And it is the primary plant in my backyard.
It's not only is it the primary shade tree,
but it's in the perfect spot.
So it's like in the afternoon.
It shades the whole backyard from the afternoon to the sun.
And it also makes a nice convenience of border between myself and my neighbor on the one side.
And it's a big ruby red.
The bright ruby red pink grapefruit that tastes great.
It tastes sweet.
You don't need any sugar on them when you eat them,
but I put sugar on it anyway.
And it's going to go from what I hear.
I've got two other, I've got two orange trees.
I don't care about them.
Who gives a crap about them?
They can go.
We'll replant.
And the thing that I'm hearing is that they're going to give you $100
for every tree that they cut so that you can replace it with a shade tree.
That grapefruit tree is worth more than $100.
I'm sorry.
As a matter of fact, it's to me it's priceless.
It's big, it's huge.
I was thinking of hanging a swing from it, a tire swing or a punching bag something.
It's massive.
I've never seen a grapefruit tree, any kind of citrus tree, that huge.
It's huge, isn't it?
The grapefruit tree.
It's huge.
It's enormous.
The grapefruit tree.
And it's the star of the yard.
Pretty much.
Can you imagine that backyard?
I mean, it's pretty lush and it's got the ferns and the high viscuses and palm trees all over it.
And everything that they're all great, all the trees and everything is really great.
But it would be nothing without that giant-ass grapefruit tree.
You could put up the gazebo and put the each-coosy-hundredth.
I really, really like that tree.
I mean, a lot.
I might have to take the bucket out of storage.
You know, the crying bucket and tell that I'm saving for when Neil goes off the air.
I might have to break that out and get some advanced usage of it if they come and take that tree away.
I mean, I'm beside myself and I don't want to sound like an asshole.
I don't want to go on and say, oh, you know, screw the floor to citrus industry.
Can't hear this.
Yeah, I'm not a hard-ass.
I know that the economy depends on the citrus industry.
But I've been hearing people talk and the articles that they've had in the paper have people saying things like,
it's no good anyway.
There's nothing we can do anyway.
We just have to let it run its course.
Well, okay.
I like that idea.
My trees don't have canker.
I don't know what it looks like, but they look really nice.
They're healthy.
They're healthy either.
Whatever it is that they're supposed to have, they don't have it.
But oh, no, it takes a long time for the canker to mature and it could be a carrier.
And this and that.
That's what the other side says.
So we're just going to come and cut your trees down and give you a hundred bucks.
I'm just on beside myself.
I don't know what to think about it.
I don't know what to feel about it.
Please somebody help me out.
Miami Beach, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing?
All right.
First of all, I look much about the tree thing.
But if the wind blows, it can go on the other trees.
That's right.
On the residential neighborhood, a white east, we're on a, you know, a...
It would go like for instance, let's say a human in Miami has got something.
And it would head all the way up to Boca or New York.
But it's already like another word that's already permeated throughout the whole state.
So, splashing the trees really isn't going to do anything.
There's an open pack inside my little bag bag there, Jeff.
Yeah.
The other thing I could say today, I mean, it's not in the Boca on television, but put a condom over it.
Okay, I'll put a big giant rubber over it.
Okay, I can see there's absolutely no interest in this.
I guess nobody has any fruit trees that they're all depressed about losing.
Okay, no problem.
We can go back to Irish Shaff and whatnot.
I was really, for the first time, bummed that I wasn't going to be doing the show.
Usually I'm very relieved when I find out that I'm not going to be doing the show that day.
And, you know, the studios have been taken over by Arab terrorists.
You can't come to work that day.
That's usually a good thing.
But the last Monday, as you all heard, where we had the noxious fumes in here
because they wallpapered over the weekend and the AC conked out.
You couldn't get in here and everything was torn apart.
I actually had a lot that I wanted to cover.
I took massive notes during the Irish Shaff Friday and Saturday after spending all week on it.
Because, guess what?
Everybody's watching that day.
Email, email.
People came to the appearance that you were conspicuous by your absence of, by the way, even though Jack and Jill came by to say hi.
And here everybody was conspicuous by their absence.
Not them.
Not your good friends.
And your friends are better friends than you are.
How do you like that?
Nice people, your friends.
I'm going to start all the freebies and everything that I've been trickling down to you.
I'm going to start just skipping you and handing them over to them.
I have a life on Saturday.
You're racing.
You're racing.
Better.
You're racing.
You're racing.
You can't do anything on Friday night because you have your show in the morning.
And you can't show up to any other people's appearances on Saturday because of your racing thing.
I would have loved to show up to the appearance.
I was, we had fun.
It's nothing else.
We were having fun.
Just chocolate and laughing.
We were, since it was a casino, we were having gambling games of our own as in which one of these people is going to kick off first while we're here.
We had a little pool going on.
A little pile of money at the table.
I was voting on the guy with the electric wheelchair who was held to, held together by his tumors and nothing else.
So you missed a good time there and, uh, and how did I get onto that on the appearance?
We had people coming up talking iron chef at the appearances.
And so, I even took notes on that big Friday night iron chef battle with the salmon.
That was a great battle, by the way.
Dude, that was a perfect battle because it had the traditional guy against Mordymoto, who's, you know, who's the wild man who breaks all the rules and they hate him for it.
He was cooking rice on his traditional cast iron pot.
He was scooping the salmon meat out with the abalone shell because he didn't want it to get the taste of metal
He was winning the over and then he reached for the broccoli and that's it right there
No broccoli broccoli a little update. I've seen the beginning of the show now. Okay, good
Isn't it doesn't it just set it all up? It brings a tear to my head
It is so it's so ridiculously
Ridiculously funny
They just they build it up big but so anyway
He reached for the broccoli and then he lost me and also Morty most of did this thing where he took the
the salmon and stuffed it with other salmon salmon stuffed salmon and so did all up and baked it after he dried it with a blow dryer
Of course that makes them crazy the Japanese because they're so all traditional and everything's like oh, he's using a you know
a blow dryer on it and then the the following night it was him again and he used a blowtorch on the tofu
Which I wish you know it was fun to watch the tofu battle, but I
I've never tasted tofu where it didn't taste like whatever it was it was with what is that?
Bean curd. Oh boy. That's a good ingredient
But by far the best battle was the yogurt battle of since I've since we were talking about it
That was cool because because I like Chen Kenichi. He's my favorite and he had no idea. I don't think he ever saw yogurt before
He made such a face when they when they displayed that bowl of yogurt
Like what is that crap and what do I do with it? And I told the wife I said he's gonna
He's gonna taste a big group of it
He's gonna be sticking his fingers in it and tasting it trying to figure out what to do with it because he's got no clue and sure enough
As soon as he got the bowl back to his area he took a giant spoonful of it stuck it in his mouth and made this face like
What is this crap? What do you do you put this on your feet? You you put it on your face?
How about the night before iron chef Italian making all the disparaging comments about the Mexican food?
Dude he was being harsh. It's calling it all simple and based
You know, it's not as sophisticated as the Italian cuisine which I got to agree with that
But still like the other guy
You know the the challenger who went to Mexico and studied he was getting like
Hostle and threw it there was almost a fight and one of the the peanut gallery there said some stupid stuff about
Italian food being derived from Mexican food that that was stupid
I think that sent all the Italians in my family just bouncing off the line
I well they don't know what they're talking about anyway the Japanese but they were saying they're matching it up because it's all
It's all Latin as come in from the Latin, but that iron chef Italian
That's my Halloween costume
I took all these notes. There was so much going on that weekend on Friday besides the iron chef
A&E did a couple of really great shows on the Mormons speaking of Mormons because we were talking about them earlier in the week
And you know how we mentioned the welfare people that it's trailer part trash
Well here's another huge segment of the white population that's on welfare are all these
Polygamous families there are whole towns in Utah mostly but also Wyoming South Dakota
North Dakota and
And another place was where the entire town
there nothing but polygamous and
They they have these little
Cottage industry kind of things like they sell
Homemade shoes over the internet or they sell doilys or hands-zone
Pot holders and things like that over the internet that their primary source of income is welfare because there's no way that they can feed their hundreds of children
Each family has like hundreds of children because that's you know having multiple wives is only the beginning of
Polygamy you have to have a whole slew of children also each wife has 10 kids
That you've bothered off and so you have these entire one-man clan
You know I'm saying one father and then just this entire brood of people and I don't care what business you're in
You can't possibly support all those kids so they're all on welfare. Guess what?
So that was going on
Over the weekend. I wanted to you know bash the Mormons on Monday and then we had this the poison gas thing and so I feel all backed up now
Like I like I want to go to the bathroom which I do you were right Neil by the way about that happy meal
I had that just one little McDonald's cheeseburger and boy howdy do I need to go I'm clenching it
20-told one five sixty WQ I am this is five sixty Q.A. Yeah, you call that a penis when you put it in your mouth
It doesn't stick to your tongue. It's sort of now
In my mouth
Attention ladies and gentlemen
For your amusement today you can step right up through the Neil
Brothers table
For WQ I am in the wheel and when a prize

I'm curious.
What do you mean?
These shorts.
I think it's...
This is this.
This is this.
But David had...
Who's this guy over here?
But he knew...
New hoop.
Yeah, David's a spender wheel.
I said, who's this?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
What is that?
All you do is you just sit there.
Let you get up and dance and something.
Let's get ready.
Come on.
I got a digested schmuffin' I had earlier.
I'll see you here and watch.
Come on.
Now dance is fun.
That's it.
Come on, David.
I need a free top.
I'll get my free top.
I'm going to get my free top.
I'm going to get my free top.
I'm going to get my free top.
I'm going to get my free top.
I'm going to get my free top.
I'm going to get my free top.
I think you had some fun because Dad and I have fun.
Dad and Dad are basically just the right way.
Dad and he went on a trip, probably got a little tired
At least I'm enjoying playing in this girl 50 years away.
Here it is, isn't she where you're?
The no show 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line toll free nationwide for what it's worth
8777 856345 that's that toll free number is going to really start kicking when we do the the e-show the
Fibreshow whatever it is that we're going to call it during the Marlins game and we just continued broadcasting
Out of here, but it won't be on the radio it'll be on the
On the website on the page Eric ought to be liking that a lot and then we can say everything we want we can say and
And we could say that again and again and play the un-sensored version. It's gonna be great. Quarrel Gable to low
Hey George. Hey one that iron chef show over the weekend, but I
Didn't like the I like the salmon. I hated it when they unveiled yogurt
Yeah, I did you know the other the tofu both of those things I look at that and it's like oh no
Well Lee at least you know what yogurt tastes like I you know
They're talking what during the tofu battle they're talking about oh, I like tofu just just by itself with salt and sake and I'm thinking
Yeah, yeah, but that's a Japanese for you
You know what I can't figure out answer one question for you can't why are some of the people dubbed and other people have
Subtitles you'll notice that the only one who really isn't
dubbed is
Chairman Kaga. Yeah, everyone else is subtitled and I don't know why that is I have a theory
I have a theory that chairman Kaga being the big ego the big dandy that he is he's like no one speaks for me
You use my voice and just put the little subtitles on it. You know it's amazing
It's been probably 20 years, but it seems to be that they still use the same people to translate that they use for the kung fu movies
Oh, yeah, 30 years ago. That's just awful. It's so but it's camp of course. It's all oh yeah
Oh, that's what you love about it. That's one of the things you love about it
But right I would just rather see sub-tiles because I like to hear them speak to Japanese
I'm trying to say that
Kind of confusing me
Yeah, I and what up but he's oh I like about the translation is that they translate the grunts and groans. Oh, yeah
You gotta like that you love it. That's it. Yeah, I mean you watch the show half for the cooking and half for the can't be crap that they
don't know
You see she's translating the last the translator's laughing. I know it's bad. It's so anyway
All right, but my favorite one is whoever gets to translate a big robust guy right
You know the very good
Room of runigai by the way tonight is the asparagus battle. Oh, that's not bad and tomorrow night abalone. Oh the shellfish
I don't know okay. Yeah, there's something you can think there you go
I don't know if people I don't know if people like to be surprised, but I'm gonna ruin it for everybody just as a matter of course
Thanks a lot sir. I think it is, but I just I like to be surprised you like to be surprised. Thank you. Oh well too bad
Don't work the show anymore
Mobile what is that that was the I don't know what that was I think that was the the peach battle
That's how you say peach in Japanese apparently mobile
You realize those salmon were how much were they I actually took notes because I wanted to sound informative on Monday
Which this the show that never happened 300 bucks of fish for that salmon because the unisex salmon that they were using
Their rare one in five thousand salmon is a unisex salmon. They were big the meat was so pink
So yummy looking
Tell me that salmon stuffed salmon didn't look good when he pulled it out of the oven and
When one one guy was scraping with the abalone shell
I guess there's the abalone I don't even like fish have you ever had abalone? I've never had abalone
I've seen you know, everybody has an abalone shell astray in their house or at least used to
I've never had abalone see I want to see ingredients that at least I've had so that you can you know a
Possibly attempt some of it because not all of it is all complex
You know sometimes a ota will will rattle off like 500 ingredients, you know in this pan
He's the iron chef is mixing
And there's all this stuff in you never know in a chant, you know
You don't have a chance but some of the stuff is just real simple all salt and sugar and flour and there you go
But the stuff that you've never tasted how can you even
How can you even relate to it starts relate to it like the tofu or that pork now that was gross
I think that's the one with the iron chef lot or maybe not you didn't see the pork battle did not they had these kind of Japanese
hogs that were like all fat
I mean seriously when they sliced the meat when they brought the meat out everything was white
There were just like little tiny ribbons of meat throughout the entire pork and they're cooking all this stuff
And oh this is really good and they're just eating it
They actually sliced some up and just handed it to the panel to taste it and it's all fat
I mean it made bacon look lean it was
Gross and they're making all this stuff and soup and everything and I'm thinking
And I like pork but that was all fat. Where's the meat?
Here's a lady on a anemobal in Hollywood. Hello. Hi. Hi. I love iron chef
My husband and I watched every week it's a taper and by the way for the people that can't tape it or they're out
Parttering partying it they repeated at 1 a.m
Well, we have no life because I'm pregnant
Oh, well no, and you won't have a life for about three more years. That's why I understand but he is
His way I had to stay home. He's on his way to New York. He's going to know about tomorrow night, which is iron chef Japanese's
Home restaurant. Oh many told them to bring me back a t-shirt or something
I'll pay it's calling up say you know bring back a
Motto t-shirt or something. I'll see what I can do. Okay, all right, but you're doing a great job
And I enjoy listening to you. Thank you very much. Take care. Bye. Bye. Bye. It is and far be it from me
I was the hardest sell for a cooking show. I hate cooking shows
I mean, what's the freaking point to me? It's just this far removed from watching a sports show
You know what I'm saying because again, it's watching something that's actually fun and interesting to do
But this is actually a cooking sports show
Without a doubt and the funny thing is the other night I call you to ask you a question and we end up just like to
John snow was watching the game who you're rooting for tonight
Oh, I'm rooting for the challenge. You're right exactly
But you know what because neither one of us could possibly even attempt that
And yeah, we can make macaroni and cheese, you know
I'll make a mean omelet or french toast or something like that
But what they're doing never in a million years. That's why first of all you can only watch that and it is a battle
It is an end of the battle
But again, what what makes it good is it's the comedy of it besides the rooting and it is exciting and here
I'm talking about a cooking show and saying words like exciting never thought it would happen
But not only is it exciting to watch and you don't know who's gonna win although it's usually iron chef
Unless he does something crazy
But oh, I know what it was no, I think you won that too. We need to get this stupid emerald off of there and get I
Amo just five nights away from us. I know but
It's funny the bottom line is it's funny to laugh at the Japanese because they're so incredibly silly
6-1 on 5-60 WQ-A-F
This is 5-60 Q-A-L
Look like
I'm going to be on the right, it's over, just like a bit in my girlfriend.
You're going to be on the right, it's over, just like a bit in my girlfriend.
I'm going to be on the right, it's over, just like a bit in my girlfriend.
One till one, five sixty WQAM.
Why are you months so early here, Joe?
Why'd you tell me to take that break?
I didn't even read the clock.
You just made that break thing and I bailed.
We're too early, man.
No, you never be too early.
Because no, we still start taking them early to the last hour.
Who cares?
Palm Beach, hello.
Hey, George, how you doing?
All right.
I wanted to talk to you about Florida canker.
Oh, please, God, thank God.
I had my inspection yesterday.
Uh-huh.
Oh, so it's not automatic, it's just they actually inspect.
They go everywhere, I'm in South Palm Beach.
Okay.
And so these guys come up to my door and I'm like, uh, I have any citrus trees.
Well, we have to check anyway.
It's the canker cops.
So I'm like, okay, uh, let me put my dog away.
Is everything okay back there?
They asked me, I'm like, yeah, everything's cool.
Come on back, they check all four corners of the yard.
Uh-huh.
And as they're leaving, I'm saying, well, what if I wasn't here?
Well, if you're going to learn here.
If you're open, we can go anyway.
If the case closes, we can go in as long as it's not locked.
Right.
And I'm just saying anyone growing out there,
bring your stuff inside.
Hey, then.
Have a good one.
Okay.
See?
Well, that wasn't the answer that I wanted.
I mean, they don't have to do an inspection.
I mean, you could see the grapefruit tree from the front yard.
It's, it's fixed up.
It's twice the height of the house, at least.
And it's going to be gone.
I'm, I'm afraid.
I'm a feared.
But nobody, nobody knows, nobody cares.
Apparently, I guess, well, they pick up this show in the, uh, in the Redlands, in Homestead.
There's, there's groves down there.
Not the major kind of groves that they have, you know, up, uh, towards the central part of the state.
It's going to take way more than a hundred bucks to re-sod your lawn.
The size of the hole you've got, after the tree has gone.
Well, maybe they're not going to pull it out.
Maybe they're just going to cut it and leave a, a big old stump.
And, and we're, we're talking a big old stump is what that's going to lead.
Unacceptable.
See, I, that's how I feel.
See, there's this emotional thing that I'm feeling right now.
But, you know, I try to be all open-minded and a reasonable kind of human being.
And I'm a good citizen and all that wonderful stuff.
But, you know, I don't want to be part of this plague.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not going to hold up.
Then trying to rid the state of Florida, canker.
Okay, it's bad.
It makes, it blemishes the oranges.
That's the big thing that they're talking about.
If that's all it does, then, then I'll get hostile.
I mean, who cares if it, if the orange has a, uh, you know, a blemish on it.
Oh, well, you know, if they have blundishes and they can't be sold, well, they, they, they, if they taste the same, what's the big deal?
No, at the point is if they're going to cut down your tree, they should restore your yard to some sort of level.
A hundred bucks isn't going to do diddly.
Okay?
A hundred bucks is going to cover the dope that I smoked just to not kill myself over the loss of that tree.
I mean, seriously, when we first went and saw the house, I mean, besides, and they, they had it all open.
So you can see from the front door all the way out the back windows, you know, immediately we just ran right through the house because, hey, we're on the water.
Look at this dock.
Wow, this is great.
But the second most visible noticeable exciting thing about that yard is that big as tree, huge giant broad limbs and branches and, and the fruit.
The fruit are incredible from that thing.
I've never had, you know, I've, we've lived in houses or, um, on property that had fruit trees, but it's like an orange tree.
An avocado tree, maybe a low-quot.
Nothing like that.
Nothing like this tree.
And it makes a lot of fruit, by the way.
Did you ever get any of those when I was pulling the fruit off that thing?
Bagged the fruit.
I was giving bags.
But I can't create fruits.
Okay, that's probably why you didn't get any.
And it's going to go away.
And it's going to leave this really stark blank hole.
I'm going to get an incredible wonderful view of the back of the neighbor's shed.
You know, nice rust.
And then what?
I'm going to plant another little tree and then by the time I'm dead, it'll be half the height of this one.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, mobile in Miami.
Okay.
Nice talking to you.
Here's another mobile in Miami.
Yeah, George.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Look, at least I agree it's not enough 100 bucks, but at least a compensating you.
I had 12, I had 12 palm trees.
When they went through that yellow blight.
Yeah.
And they cut every single one down.
And these things were huge.
And they didn't give me a penny.
And all they did is they cut them down, chopped them up, and put them in my front yard.
And they kind of keep on taking them up.
And they didn't give me one red cent.
And I planted them trees from coconuts.
Do they take the stump?
Do they pull the stump up?
No, no, no, no.
That's your responsibility.
You've got to hire somebody to come out for $100.
A tree.
And use the stump grinder to grind them down to nothing.
And if you're doing it back yard, it's going to charge you more because you're going to have to use a special machine.
You can't get...
I'm sorry, I got fences that...
I mean, you can't get even like a little bobcat back there.
You can't get...
Unless you bring it in from the canal.
You can't get anything into my backyard unless you fly it in.
Well, do that...
Do that goddamn with two of my trees in my backyard.
I turn them into like tables.
That's what they were like.
I'm going to make a table so that I can sit and put my elbows on it and cry.
And that's a...
Believe me, you talk about the strut when you plan a tree from a coconut tree.
Yeah, that's an old friend.
I mean, that's even worse than this thing.
And it...
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
And I live in a self-date.
And they haven't been by to inspect my house yet.
I've not got two trees.
Yeah.
So I'm okay with that.
I'm not going to lose them.
Yeah, and that's...
And it's like you said, it's the stupidest, most lame thing because the citizen industry says,
well, it's not going to sell because the arches have got blemishes on it.
Yeah.
What are they going to do?
If it goes to the whole state, they're going to be...
They're going to be...
43 acre lime trees are lime grove down here.
They're going to be wanting to bulldoze.
They're dating a talented guy.
Right.
Yeah, I mean...
Oh, no, you don't have a choice.
There's nothing you can do.
I mean, I'm thinking...
Because you know what they do up in the northwest.
The tree huggers, they spike the trees.
They drive these spikes into the trees.
And if you come and try to cut it down with a chain saw, the chain saw is going to, you know,
bind at best or explode at worst.
And possibly injure the guys that's trying to cut the tree down.
That actually went through my head.
Oh, shit.
Woo!
I mean, you know, I like to tree.
All right, sir.
All right, buddy.
I'm a good one.
Of course.
I mean, you know, again, I'm not...
I don't want to be an anarchist, but I really, really like that tree.
I mean, I'm expressing myself way nicer than the way I'm thinking.
You know what I'm saying?
Because my thought process is kind of like, leave my tree alone as whole.
Or I'll shoot you at.
I mean, that's...
That's how I'm feeling.
I love this tree.
I'm thinking of, you know, chaining myself to the tree or something, but no.
Because, you know, the no just drag me off.
It's your tree, damn it.
It's my tree.
Where does it stand?
Stop.
First, they cut down your tree.
Next, who knows?
Next, my pot plant.
Your daughter has a disease.
We have to kill her.
To keep it from spreading.
Mobile in homes that, hello.
Hello?
Hello.
George, how are you doing?
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Now I get the same feeling about the trees.
I was on vacation a week ago.
And a couple of vans pulled out in front of the houses in my area.
And there's about seven, maybe eight people on them.
And what they were doing, they were inspecting for the gas tanker.
And my gays are locked.
They didn't even bother coming up on the door.
And they didn't knock on the door or anything.
But they left me a tag saying that they would come back out and reinspect my trees.
But my brother-in-law lives in full load.
They did go by and inspect his trees and give him a clean bill of health.
They didn't touch any of the citrus.
Oh, you mean they actually inspect them?
They actually inspect them.
And if they do have the canker, then they're supposed to be the ones that yank it out.
Well, what about this 1900 feet thing that I'm hearing about?
You could have a neighbor 1900 feet away, which is what?
I don't know, four-billion.
Well, see that's what I'm worried about.
Because my next one neighbor has a lot of citrus trees and his are beautiful.
Yeah, they find one within 1900 feet.
They're going to cut everything within 1900 feet of the infected tree.
Yeah, well, I know.
And I'm a little nearer about mine because I've nurtured him for the last year and a half trying to get him to do a pretty fruit and other full of blossoms.
And I mean, they look great, but you know what you can have it look like?
For me?
What does it look like?
It's supposed to be like a little spot on the bottom of the leaf.
It looks like basically like a pimple, I guess.
And it's black with a little spot, the middle of it.
I'm sure it's one of her leaves or more than that.
It's on the bottom of the leaves.
But it's like groups of them?
I mean, what?
Yeah, they started on TV a couple nights ago.
And a couple of my trees, because you know, if you're like I am, you're not a fruit nut, but you're not a tree nut.
I don't like it.
Yeah, well, you go try to find something that you can spray on a tree to kill whatever it is.
It's a fungus or whatever.
So I try to do that with melapion and talking to people what would take it.
You know, any kind of stuff off or kill what they call leaf rollers.
Because they look very similar to the spots that...
So black pimples under the leaf?
Yeah, I don't want them to mess with my trees either, but...
Hey, no, it's my trees or cankeres.
Rib them up, even the grapefruit tree.
You know, whatever.
But if it's not, just because some asshole, you know, what if he's downwind?
What if he's on the other side of I-95?
Exactly.
But, you know, just to let you know that I mean, I didn't inspect my brother's lost trees.
It's what clears hope.
All right, there's hope.
Yeah, there is hope.
Okay, thank you.
I don't have to implant the spikes just yet.
Kendall, hello.
Click.
Nice talking to you.
That's been going on a lot.
Of course, we don't have no idea if it's the phone or what it is.
Davey, hello.
Hello.
Yes, how are you doing?
I'm doing all right.
You're not doing so well.
At least not your phone.
Sorry.
No problem.
Have you talked to your insurance company yet?
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, no.
What a very, very good point.
I do have really good insurance.
I'm going to hang up.
I can't hear you.
Okay, I can't hear you either.
Why am I such an idiot?
You know why?
Because this is my first house.
I'm a brand new homeowner and I know nothing.
Excellent point.
Excellent point.
That's at least a grand possibly $2,000 tree.
Way above the obstacle.
Good point.
I'm feeling better already.
But then once again, even if I had that money, I had that money.
I'm not going to spend it on no tree.
I mean, I like it, but...
Here's another dilemma.
The insurance company.
If I get an insurance check for that tree, I'm not going to spend...
If I get too grand for it, I got way many more things that I could spend too grand on.
Except another tree.
I'll make it...
Like you said, the gazebo.
So the jacuzzi under there.
Yeah, we'll be over all the time.
Absolutely.
Mobile and Cooper City, hello.
How about a boat for the dock?
Hey.
There's an idea.
Well, unfortunately, the boat continues to cost.
The initial cost of the boat is the least of it.
I've got...
You know, too many people in the family, too many friends that all have boats.
Tell me about the Lord Almighty.
I don't know.
The fact that I have a dock means that they can come by, park the boat, pick me up, and then we can go off.
That sounds cool.
Okay, I don't know.
Excuse me.
I don't know about the insurance, but my old man lost 15 trees last year.
Fittress?
Fittress.
They come in, they inspect.
They find it.
They orange market with a big X.
Week later, they come along, they chop it.
They chop it and leave the stuff.
They chop it and leave the...
In his case, they let the...
Let the foot stump...
Okay.
And he was not very happy.
No, I can only imagine.
Yeah.
I don't have to imagine.
I'm psychotic at just the thought of it.
But they haven't even inspected it yet.
You don't know.
And those cankers, the sores...
The thing looks like a basically like mildew.
Okay, under the leaves.
Yeah, under the leaves is what they look like.
Okay, and they watch him on his soft day.
I don't think we have that.
I mean, I looked at it.
I looked at it, trying to figure out, you know, without knowing what to look for.
And it's like, okay, it looks, you know, it looks like orange trees.
They start to tree.
They start messing around with these old Cubans, man.
They get really, really pissed off.
Yeah.
No.
Anyway, they can get calls from buddy at dish bags.
Yeah, go ahead, call him right up and call him that.
111-560-WQIS.
What the f*** are you doing?
Sill, think it easy.
I'm losing my balls over here.
It is f***ing more like playing Hazel.
Get the f*** out of here.
I was just trying to treat the trees right for.
Why?
Why now?
Leave it there.
I don't know.
I was just...
What?
What do you get these f***ing idiots, huh?
Where do you get them?
You don't see any secret cheese on China.
Leave the f***ing cheese there.
All right?
I love f***ing cheese on my feet.
I s*** mother f***ing a buffalo on my flat tonight.
So they smell like your sisters clashed in the morning.
All right?
So leave the f***ing f***ing f***ing cheese where it is.
115-560-WQIS.
You see what you're missing, Joe?
By not watching the soprano?
Fun things like that.
I don't want to perpetuate that anti-italian stereotype.
You're the one that told me that that was just a syliente.
That's true.
Okay, so what are you worried about?
It's actually very good.
They're too close for comfort.
They nail it.
By the way, thank you very much, Santa, who came by,
the appearance, to say hi, and talk on your show.
Any cuties?
Shaw?
At all.
You're good.
One's your show on.
Oh, tomorrow morning?
Why don't you tell us about that, by the way?
Oh, great.
Motorsports talk, 6am.
Nobody else in town but me.
So if you like motorsports, you got to listen.
6am.
Oh, that's it.
It's just going to be you.
All right.
I'm working on some guests right now, but I haven't locked them up yet.
So, okay.
But anyway, she facts me and reminded me.
And yes, I was thinking this, but I wasn't sure.
Motimoto lost the bamboo battle.
And again, the bamboo back.
Everybody over here is going bamboo as food.
Like we're panda bears.
You eat bamboo.
It actually looked appetite.
And some of it.
Some of it.
See, I just, you know, that's one of those things where you don't think of it as food.
It would be like, you know, Motimoto unveils the secret ingredient.
And it's paper.
You know, we're all going, huh?
You know, the secret ingredient today is going to be a paper clip.
It's not something that we identify as food.
It's something, you know, we make furniture out of it.
Little folding accordion type walls out of it.
We use it to to cane people in other countries or panda bears eat it.
And the panda bears eat the band.
And he was scooping it out with a, he was scooping, I guess it was soft.
I just, it's now in, um, didn't they cook that ice cream?
Is that some of the stuff?
No, I didn't, they didn't, uh, not that I know.
But did you see the bamboo battle?
Yeah, that's right.
I did.
Um, he lost that.
You know why it was his American hot dog platter, especially that photographer.
I just kind of agree with that.
A American good dish.
They hate that.
They hate that.
Motimoto is always under the gun.
If he wins, it's, it's by sheer miracle because they hate them over there because he sucks American ass.
And you know, they want you to be all loyalist.
As a matter of fact, last night, I'm, I'm clicking on some of the links from the Iron Chef dot com.
And I go to the food GTV site wondering, trying to find somebody where I can write somebody and say, hey, you know, like we get Chairman Kaga to call us up on the show and maybe sing a little rap for us or something like they have on the site.
And they have this disclaimer of it.
They have this little message about the subtitle and I clicked on it just out of curiosity.
And it's this real Millicent attitude towards we're not going to subject where we're providing programming for the Japanese audience abroad.
That's why we don't subtitle and basically screw you.
Unlike, well, thanks for the attitude.
Do you understand that the Fuji television, Fuji TV that produces Iron Chef and other Japanese programs makes them available in the United States, but they intentionally don't put subtitles who won't put subtitles and refuse to let anyone else put subtitles on them because they're not for you around I.
Therefore our Japanese people who live abroad, do we need to get another bomb ready? I'm telling you, it's like, you know, hey, we want to like you.
We're just going to how about if we just take all of that US military protection that's surrounding your island and bring it on back home.
What a hostile attitude. So I don't, I mean, I could email them if I found the address, but something tells me that we're not going to get very far with them like with their militant jab attitude.
But anyway, so they hate that over there. They hate him because he sucks up to the Americans and that's what killed him is he made bamboo shoots and noodles and he put them in a hot tub.
And I got to say it looked gross to me and he just put ketchup on it. Did you see that?
He's catching things with the driving home at that point.
He took a round hollowed out bamboo thing and stuffed it with mozzarella and fried it.
That looked good and put that in like an affront by cup. But then he took he sliced the bamboo in like fliver fashion and then he took spaghetti and put that in with it and then put it in a hot tub one with lettuce and put ketchup on it.
Maybe they would have preferred a more traditional use for bamboo in the Japanese culture like jamming under your finger.
But why did I know that's where you were going? New anti-jap bastard. Hollywood, hello.
Hello. How you doing?
All right. What are you talking about? Canker, huh? And you're expecting to have problems with it?
No, I'm not expecting to have problems with it. I'm just seeing all these people's trees being splashed by the Canker police.
And I love my grapefruit tree. I have a big beautiful grapefruit tree that I love. How old is yours?
Dude, I don't know. It's gigantic. It's the biggest citrus tree I've ever seen in my life and I was raised down here.
I've been around. So probably at least 20 years old, no? No, at least. I mean, I was brought up as a child in the redlands in amongst all of these groves with giant grapefruit trees.
And I've never seen anything this big. Not only is it tall, it's really broad.
You know what I'm saying? You're estimating it's about $1,000 worth of a tree and then probably more.
Probably more. Like I'm guessing too. You're going to feel if they do to come and get it.
I heard a couple people giving you examples of what to look for. I've actually had a problem and they've come and eradicated all my citrus last October.
What you can get rid of it? No. What they look for is that they're not necessarily only on the underside of the leaf. It's amber lesions. That's what they really are.
Amber lesions on the bark. On the leaves on both sides and around the lesions there is an absence of chlorophyll.
I feel over yelling. Why don't have that? Right. And you'll notice it on the fruit and you were talking about earlier that if that's all it is, no big deal.
Eventually you're not going to have anything growing because a massive leaf drop.
I see. So the tree is not in the leaves no life. Okay. Like I said, I know nothing about it. Yeah. Apparently you say you don't have it. So I'm congratulating you.
I looked up. See, I didn't know what to look for, but I just looked at the tree and like every citrus tree I've ever seen, you've got those green spots every now and then on the bark.
You know, that's just that kind of fungus that grows on everything. It would have to be way along. I would think.
And they really get into them before that every every citrus tree I've ever seen has got those like really pale green little spots here and there on the tree.
We have that, but that's I know that's not it. And nothing like what you're describing. Right. What they did to me, they came back and last year of October and they came to gave me the axe and the arborist or the person that comes the fancy word they get to this person to come and inspect.
They gave me a white X. You know, that's what they were doing before that means that they're it's due to be infected. Oh, right.
And the person comes around and that's their job to see if it's going to receive a red X and that's she's the actual person that puts it on.
Oh, so first you have a guy to come out to see if you have any citrus. Right.
This is a suspected tree of it and then another person will come along and actually give it the death X.
Okay. That's what we are now.
And the reason why it came I thought it was quite funny is they didn't really seem to me to be in too much of a hurry about it because they didn't do anything about the tree for at least three weeks.
You know, it just stayed there and you know in a death now you know of dance. Right. And spreading all its disease and that was only a five I forgot 1200 feet back then.
I thought it was sort of neighboring tree. I thought it just went from two hundred and nineteen hundred just blew all of a sudden. Right. All of a sudden like that. That's the magic number now.
And where do they get the one of five thousand? I mean just saying let's...
Well, the thing is my neighbors had this conspiracy theory and I didn't buy into it. You know about that nobody's a government not wanting anybody to do it.
They had fruit and a tree to bite in the store. Come on. And I didn't buy into that a little bit. But I did buy into the fact that my own theory is that they're trying to protect the big growth of their central Florida. Right.
You know because of the orange futures and you know just attacked. I mean that's the big part of the other Florida economy. No question. Right. My sister lives up there and ten minutes north of Latin countries of Fari and there's just nothing but orange grows up there. Right. That's it.
And that's who I think for protecting billionaires that own that. Okay. Thank you very much. Yeah. That whole thing like that's why the pot laws are in effect because the government can't tax it because they think that everybody's going to grow their own.
You know we can grow our own tomatoes. Guess what we don't. I mean I do you do. What kind? They're big. You know we know we have a really exciting rhubarb patch too. That doesn't mean I'm going to start growing rhubarb.
I don't think it's important. You grow your own eggplant. Oh they're great. I'll give you one. That's the big eggplant battle. Speaking of iron. No I did not. Oh that was a pretty exciting. That's one I would like to see because I don't like eggplant but they made some stuff that looked like I could sample that. I mean that looked really exciting.
I'm going to score some pot.
I'm so in peace for daddy.
Thank you.
Martin. Hi.
I go to the famous house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
I'm going to see the house.
