But the rough day for all you parents are young girls today. It's gonna be a difficult weekend
I hope you get you know keeping my occupy go out and buy him some two combers or something
Because they're really in mourning today
Two of the backstreet boys announced they're getting married
Kevin and the Bryan which only of course leaves AJ who's already we know we know he's straight because he's got a girlfriend
It leaves a howie and Nick. I don't think they have to worry about how he or Nick do no
Why is the number 13?
Keep going through my mind today. You know that number is just it's like give her wake up
And there was just even though it's the 18th of February the number 13
I just everywhere. I look I see it on a wall. I see it on a mirror. I look in air and Georgia. It's on his forehead
13 maybe it's because Danny boy was on this morning with the worst team you think that might be it no
And did he say anything? I heard that I heard that Danny was on it and Danny sounded good
Like you said, they must have given him the good microphone and the other guys were
Yeah, what was that? What kind of a show was that?
And did anybody here notice that? No, the worst line I've ever heard in my life
It's not like you guys were coming through a strainer. I don't why I hate to tell you now, but it's too late to do anything about it
Yeah, the back street boys two of them are not so getting married and the girls out there are just swooning
See why is it that these young girls they really think that they got a chance in the first place with most of these uh
boy entertainers
Here's our first call of the day on a Friday from Gainesville
Hey, now yes, sir. What's up? How you doing, sir? Great. Good morning to you
How come that number 13 keeps going through my mind? I don't know
See their Dan merino or maybe it's a stock price. I saw this morning, but anyway
Yeah, it might be uh might be the dow the way things are going
Yeah, maybe the uh unlucky number 13 the dow's already off to a bad start today
We don't care. It's only money. That's what Alan Green's fancy yesterday. What are you worried about? It's only your money
Yeah, that's right because smart ass bastard. He is you can't hold any stock or anything. So what does he care?
That's right. He's got all his money in there. Oh, he's got his don't worry about him. He's got his
Oh, yeah, he's definitely got it and if he keeps up the crappies doing now
I think he's gonna get his if he doesn't cut the crap out. Oh, yeah
But at any rate. Why do you what are you worried about you don't have any money?
That's right. I don't have a poor college kid don't have a pot to pee in. That's right
Well as long as you got you know pot to smoke who cares about a pot to pee in right? That's right
They probably got the good crap up there in Gainesville. Don't they have the good shmit up there? We we try
Yeah, it's tough though because you know what where do they bring it in from?
Uh
Well, they try to bring it in from like the golf. Yeah, but when I get a golf
Yeah, that is a problem. Yeah, yeah
We don't have like we don't have a port
Well, we're gonna start sending both boat loads of weed up there over this weekend because we know that you guys are desperate
What's wrong with that? In the boat loads of weed don't send any boat loads of anybody else. Okay. Well, man
Maybe we'll bring some of those guys up there to bring it to you. Thanks. So our complex it does
Carvee in types. We'll have to we'll have to take a look first
That they last a long time in Gainesville. Yeah, the red decks have a field they would have some things going up there, huh?
All right, it's a very quick day out
Yeah, 80 degrees right no problems and you're listening on the internet. I am great as I do every day
I'm uh, I'm a freshman at brit university. I got hooked on to you all right. Oh, yeah
I got hooked on to you when you first came to q.i.m
Because I used to listen to q.i.m. with my dad and the car and stuff and I just kept on listening and then you found out
What a real radio show was all about when this show came on the stage it was a lot different
I used to listen to a for out at night
by
Wow, and he was like the mr. rock and roll
DJ and rock and roll it was got yeah, right and and then he doesn't have you ever heard of your show called battle dome?
No, it's like remember American gladiators. Mm-hmm. It's like American gladiators and professional wrestling combined. Yeah
I've been real both commentary floor. Yeah
Yeah, and then one time yeah, I've been making up a like
I
And then what's the trip man? What time I was listening to one of the one of the hockey games that I heard in
Swanson's like what is he doing hockey the worst that the most I'm embarrassing ever heard but in Atlanta
They don't know the difference. Yeah, he's almost as bad as Barry Melrose trying to trying to say how wonderful
I think Barry's got better here. I assume you're at the ranger game, but yes, I was sure was
Pretty good to me. We were like we were watching the game in the door room and Barry Melrose just
could not get off the fact how great Peter or well is how
Big athlete got him on the line with
And such a great player and he's gonna get a lot of pads on the back after you got the penalty
I have to hire a big black guy named somebody named anything
Give Barry Melrose a haircut real close real tight and if you ever watch your money
He always tries to impress you. He says that they're mom-blown pen and his hand
Well, I'm impressed by the fact that nobody will hire him
He's been out of work for about three years now three or four years and nobody will hire him
That tells you everything you know. Well, listen have a great weekend pal. You can now and the boatloads are coming
I love you. All right. Okay. There's a young man from games. We're let's hear it
Of you of F. I think that's from F you that's a good start for the day. Let's go home
What do you say? Oh, we got to get some food in here a little later on and by the way Tom jicke of thanks again
They got a nice picture with air. I always like having my picture next to Howard. Although I'd rather have his back account than mine
But nevertheless
I look lovely compared to Howard on a picture. It's on page four E in the sunset of this morning
Listen to your stay oil. Don't touch that dial
One little factual error and you had no way of knowing this because when the time got the numbers from bluff
We didn't have the breakdown but from three to seven heck was number two and men 2554 for but from two to six the Humper is number one
The six point five. How do you like that? That was fun. Yeah, number one. I just thought I would clarify that
So we're number one in men
2554 by a wide child. We got a seven point eight in midday
Thanks got a six point five. He's number one when you have to know and where's the weak link? You think
How come we didn't make that secondary bonus for being in the top three
2554 men
You think it could be the morning show?
You think the morning show is like slacking off being number six mid-days number one
I mean, okay, they're not going to beat Howard. Okay. That I'll give them. Oh, they got you know
They got Howard to contend with they're not going to beat him
The number two or three would have gotten us over the hump would have gotten us a extra bonus money
Number three would have been nice
There's
There's something wrong there in them. I mean, thanks doing his part. I'm certainly doing my part
Big fat part especially the fat part
Like the morning show
Maybe we're gonna take a poll on that one of these days soon. What's wrong with our morning show in this radio station?
I have no clue exactly. Maybe that's what's wrong with it
Nine minutes after ten
Maybe that line they were doing the show on this morning. Maybe that might not have helped either
Front of us this on the water. Yeah, that could have been it
They'll come along. Are they gonna come along or what? No, as soon as we get the cast and over over here. He'll kick some ass
Huh, as soon as we get Bob and Tom on them. Oh
Ten past ten yet. That's right. We're starting to squeeze our nipples were so excited and thought I haven't Bob and Tom is a lead in
God would that be great with that be great. Uh-huh. I'm here in the rumors that we're going over there to a TMI
Oh, and by the way if any you classical music assholes are listening the word from the inside of Cox
We have some post
Connections over there you can kiss your classical music goodbye. Bye-bye. See you. No more Mozart no more Beethoven no more Ludwig von
So grab a hold of your snake in the squeeze for dear life because they're going bye-bye
Ten past ten at five fifty WQ a.m
No portion of this broadcast maybe no without the express written permission of WQ a.m.
Equivision course
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob
Tonight on VH1 storytellers. It's a very special evening with Christina Aguilera
Like I got the idea you know for for this song one day when my manager told me I had the singer get the story behind the music from the woman
The lady the adolescent who conquered the pop music world with their own unique style
I got my idea just for this song from
Britain fair, you know, then I like to my record company and
Yeah, they had a guy write it for me and stuff Christina Aguilera on VH1 storytellers
I think like a big turning point for me musically, you know, was was like when I finally realized
Well, I didn't rest in class when they write the pop music history books
They'll file Christina Aguilera under a well
Oh
Christina Aguilera tonight on VH1 storytellers the show where people who have nothing to say say
Just stuff and I'm gonna tell you if anybody wonder why vanilla ice cream is so popular just take a look at that pitch
She's 48 by the way
Going on 18 40. What is it 52 this week?
She looks like crap. She can't sing for Schmidt, but other than that she's dynamite. I don't understand she weighs about 82 pounds soak in wet
She looks like a scarecrow on a bad day and she she looks scary to me, but nevertheless. She's big baby
He is big here's a very distressing thanks to start off my morning. I'm really upset about this am I upset no no
It's an email no less and it says for once in a long time. You'll something you've said. It's caused me to stop listening to your show
I can enjoy the shots you take at blacks in America. This is obviously from a darkie. Am I right about that?
From a dark, complexed person. I'm not really sure how dark on a rickshaw like maybe a one or a two or maybe a ten or eleven on scale of eight
Like who's real dark? Give me some of the that's like real like I'll tell you who was real black. Roy
He was real dark to PaxiCorps was now. I'm talking about somebody who's still alive. How come we just mentioned two people well
Roy's not dead, but he's departed somebody
Roy's good
He's good for what good for what?
I'll tell you one thing you sure like that dark build though
But at any rate it says the shots you take at the countries of Africa just show how ill-informed you are of history
I don't know anything about history. I don't want to know anything about history George is the history expert
I know about important things like hockey and harness racing George knows about the other. I know hockey harness racing and homos
Those three h's yeah, what's wrong with that George knows about the other h's that's history. Well, who cares? I mean history's in the past
It says it wasn't until the last half of the 20th century that most African countries were free from colonial rule
Democracy and equality were not part of the system during the colonial period
So how can you expect these formally oppressed people to immediately turn them on and have a country that's anything like our own
First of all did I ever say I expect them to do that? Did I say that? No
I just said that there are a bunch of barbarians living in the Stone Age for the most part and that's true
The colonial powers Britain France, Belgium, Italy, Germany, etc. in the European countries
Made sure to keep the masses uneducated and shackled with either tribal religions or with Christianity or worse yet
Some bizarre mixing of the two well look how Christianity look how good it's working in Northern Ireland
There's a one that did that mixing by the way
If you want to talk about African problems you should do as your website suggests yet literate and educated
No, see you don't understand the philosophy here my dark-completed friend
That's for you to do don't do as I do do as I say you get literate and educated. I'll take home the paycheck every a twice a month
Right get smart too late for no far like me
I'm just getting whatever the hell I can like an Amsterdam and believe me
It says I this is the one of the great lines I've ever heard and this is definitive
I want you to listen to this very very carefully because this is the epitome and at least he's honest about
This is the epitome of all of the people who say all you pissed me off this time. I'll never listen you again
Guess what?
Right
It says I know I will tune in again tomorrow. Oh, this was from back on Tuesday. So he's been listening ever since Tuesday
On Tuesday see how there I go saying that again
I'm starting to talk black ease. I know I will tune in again tomorrow, but for the rest of today
I'm not listening. Oh, yeah, welcome back to South Florida
Kind of grudgingly welcome back you asshole you something like that
This is from Joe Joe mama. Well, I'm sorry Joe if I offended you my really sorry. Oh, but it sounds good
Because if I don't offend you then nobody would listen to the show the idea of the show is to offend as many people as possible
And then make him realize that they're taking things too serious
Just lighten up a few shades Joe that's all light enough a little bit. All you darkies out there
All you smokies and clouds and spooks and porch monkeys see where that's only not even 20 after already to start to make these comments racist
Bastard you fag. Oh speaking of that
Here is one of the great stories in history
And this you know what they're going to be seeing all over town today about this
Yes
Come on. Yes, come on. Yes, come on. Oh man. This is even going to get him off that alley on crap for a little while
They might even put it back in his pants and let it rest for a while after they hear about this
Cuba spy was i n s officer FBI says
That's whom we're talking right supervisor had access to sensitive files agents charge and we'll tell you this guy's name by the way
A high ranking supervisor with secret security clearance of the US immigration office in Miami was arrested yesterday and charged with spying for the
Cuban government. Oi
Mariano
Faggot 54 of Kendall that damn baggot. I can't stand it was being held at the federal detention center in Miami on through the evening while 10 FBI
Agent searched and photographed his two-story house on a call the sack. It sounds like a sack. I smelt to me the FBI said
Is that the same FBI that covered up for that guy that killed the two people driving the wrong way drunk out of his mind?
Yeah, that's what I thought the FBI of gay Edgar Hoover
Today three law enforcement agencies will hold a news conference just in 40 minutes from now as a matter of fact at 11 a.m
To unveil the extent of Faggot's association with Cuba that damn
Faggot I can't stand it and it spies in Miami and other US cities whom Faggot met with secretly the FBI said that damn
Faggot I can't stand it. Faggot it was born in Cuba. Well, I'm assuming I'm pronouncing that right. It's not Fagget
He's not a Frenchman is the Afrag no
And there's no way you'd pronounce that in esponule mariano Faggot
He's a Faggot
He was born in Cuba. Well, of course there's a lot of Faggot's born Cuba and
became a well-liked supervisor at the busy mommy I and us office
Was charged with a federal violation of the espionage act and making false statements
He is scheduled for his first appearance in US District Court today. Fry his ass
Faggot's dead daddy Fag
Who had the same name was a well-known police commander in Cuba charged with hunting down communistism in the 1950s during the reign of Cuban President
Full Hince you about Tista who was overthrown by Fidel Castro in 1959. I love saying that by the way. Full Hince you about Tista
Fashista rhymes with Batista. Do you think there's a coincidence in that that Batista? No rhymes with Fashista
During the details of the espionage charges lies against uh, oh, I see that's a mistake here as usual in the
What's paper's this to her? Oh, the answer here?
The details of the espionage charges against the Faggot were sketchy through the evening
But FBI spokesman Terry Nelson called the arrest a major case that's been in the works for two years
He had real good access. He said of Faggot's ability to view INS records. How do you like that?
Someone called to say that they were pronouncing it to thigh-hit on the news last night
But that's not nearly as funny
His name well, they're saying that because they just like Ed Koch
His name wasn't Koch. How do you spell K O S E H? How do you pronounce that?
Not Koch, but they don't want to pronounce it that was once they had cocked that that's bad
Especially in his case because you know
We all know about it. Kai. Whatever his name is and the same thing here
The media always likes to play with these names because you can't say Faggot on here. Can you say that damn Faggot? I can't stand it. Can't say that
And daddy was uh, well hunting down communistists. So it runs in the family
There are a bunch of subversive about commie pinco spies and whatever. Oh, no, he was the daddy was hunting down the communistists
And then the sonny began looking like a mission
Yeah, he missed he missed well he was too busy on the outside. He was like her birthday. Philbrook
Remember her birthday. Philbrook
No, I led three lives. Oh, okay. Yes, Jesus Christ, Mr. History buff
What could be more important than help during the commie a red baiting days of the early 50s than I led three lives
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello
Yes
Yes, uh, this is uh
The gentleman will call you a while ago. Complementing you I come from Europe very close to Piazza and let it go
Piazza, then I republika. Yes, uh, right near the other right near a Lagrange hotel
Yes, in Dagnino where they had that bakery when they have those great pastries. But how are you? Are you familiar with are you familiar with Dagnino?
I'm familiar with the old area. I grew up. I was born in a very good
Dagnino, too. Motobanne but anyway
Neil, I was just old in when you brought up the issue. I wanted to talk about it. What's about this immigration situation?
See and I have a very close
personal works in the system and she's amazed in
all these green cars, older, they're being employed by the INS which I don't know if it makes much sense but
It's pretty much uh, pretty much a
Cuban colony in that place if you go and break off
So that's all I want to say. Okay, I read energy. Ciao Neil. Ciao
What do you say? Anybody know what you say? No, he said it's a Cuban one
colony colony
Yeah, I didn't know that they were colonializing. Well, of course, they already have in Miami, but other than that
Maybe they'll branch out maybe they'll move in some other direction. Maybe up to Gainesville at the kid that called earlier
He said he'd like to have some Cubans up there to have his way with
Already by the way that's our poll question for the day who gets laid more who gets more ass?
Seminoles are the gators
I think that's something that's worth exploring
Who's getting more ass and of course I use that term only in the elusive possible sense of the term
I'm never going to find a stand thing that I'm looking for one earring to put it on the website
What is that the poll question? Yeah, that's a good idea. We're not talking about women all put out of here. Will you please?
No, that's a good idea. Let Eric put that on our website. We'll find out who's getting laid more the
Gators are the Seminoles who's getting more action up there in Tallahassee or in Gainesville at all those yahu
Because what else is there to do besides get drunk
Of course, if college is all over the country. That's the number one priority is getting as drunk drink as much beer as you possibly can and getting as much ass
As much ass we're that talking about women necessarily as you possibly can
That's a great poll question. Yeah, let's stick it right on the website
See if we get a response on that
Well George would show me that he had a where we're going to start actually doing that
Which if we ever got our own computer in here
We wouldn't have to rely on Eric we could do it for ourselves and the poll question too
But George was telling me about a conversation the ed with some cops that were putting up road blocks while I was on vacation
Under the guise of looking for drug addicts drug peddlers of junkies all this other crap
And the full question was who hassled you more in your life?
And here was the result was it cops or was it junkies that you were hassled by
305 people said they were hassled by cops more and only 69 people
That's an interesting number said junkies 81 and a half percent said they were hassled by
Pork more in their lives only a small handful by junkies
And of course that just makes common sense
But that's just another excuse that the
The fascist police out there have you know to hassle everybody and pull people over
Well, you know if we pull over a thousand people and we find one or two drug peddlers
It's really worth hassling your life
No, it's not that what is absolutely not in addition to which
Most of the like I told George and Amsterdam all those dark
Completed drug peddlers in the streets that are annoying me all the time was roster guys coke crack those guys
The only people that ever stop into business with other scumbags
So who gives a crap
The reasonable people the clean cut people the living and breathing people they just give them kind of like a dirty look and they move right on by like the on
Warwick said walk on by is that what she said?
No something like that no, she said please give me some money because I'm starving on a bankrupt and calling for my phony psychic network
Don't call Dion Warwick by the way cost-progryphan. She's our buddy. She's got a better phony psychic network
1027 at 560 WQA it's Friday
You
And I wish waste we're gonna party like it's 1899
So
Sunday and you've received foreign recent actions with the ultimate Amish raceway showdown as Jevon Daya Johnson takes on his a tie a Johnson
In a head-to-head funny fudgy showdown that'll make your buttercher
Sunday
Amish raceway winner take all handy cat-mats what am an easer the quilt showhands and meet Ardimer fake hat
To the end one comes out who will take all the orange triangle
On the seventh day god may have rested but for this Sunday only you snooze you
And all these raceway
1032 at 560 WQA and speaking of the Amish shopped to Rilana, which isn't too far away from Amish country
Big primary tomorrow, baby
Thinking of myself you start out with new Hampshire well first the Iowa caucus Iowa
New Hampshire then they stick Delaware in between because it's like 10 people over there and now South Carolina
And this is what's going to set the stage for what your choice is going to be in November for who's going to be the next president
And I have his finger on it and the button too. I mean you talk about a cockeyed ridiculous assistant
Who gives a for in what way? I mean why wouldn't they start out first of all they should have a national primary
They've been threatening that for years that would make all the sense in the world of course it takes the fun out of it for the media
The presented all happens in one day and then what do they do
But that's the way to do it and why are we still using electors by the way
Because that's the way the founding fathers did just like when Jefferson had his slaves
You know something let me say this to you if slavery was good enough for Thomas Jefferson
Then what the hell's wrong with George Jefferson? You know I'm saying why isn't it good enough today?
And of course people would say how could you say that and I'm only joking when I say that
But it goes to show you all this crap about well our founding fathers our founding fathers were very brilliant in some ways and very primitive in other ways
So all of this crap about wow, you know the good book says and the founding fathers said who gives a crap here
We are in a year 2000 how about if we use our own brain what a concept yeah, oh you can't do that
That's on American man
Our founding fathers they were like geniuses. Yeah, that's why they wore those white wigs
And had wooden teeth because there were geniuses
I mean, what's how are you people thinking about are we ever gonna get beyond that? Oh, I don't think so
But what's wrong with the national primer if you're gonna have primaries there tonight
If we're gonna do it the same way that we're doing it now
It's that a start with I own New Hampshire and Delaware and South Carolina a bunch of bumpkin Yahoo States start with New York
California, Texas
Illinois
Florida
Michigan and exit have rows on the same day to get it started
And whoever can survive those primaries if we have to continue with this
Share it in this game that we go on so that the media can make a lot of money with spots and the can look this for all
They can
Then then then move on and have have the smaller states later on
But because of the fact that you're dealing with emotional animals and all the so-called momentum like like like it's a ball game
Not like it's an intelligent thing like an election that has some significance of importance. No, it's like a ballgame
Who's got the big mole
Yeah, that's right who's got more for your money?
And the thing that shocks me also is that yesterday
Yesterday I'm watching and they're saying this thing is this is as of last evening
I'm watching that five to six thing they have on CNN the political thing inside politics
And they're saying they have never seen a race this close as the Republican race in South Carolina Bush and the McCain
I'm watching this morning on the same CNN and the guy they the expert they bring on says oh
Well, Bush now is he was ahead like 8% last week and out of the latest pull
He's like move further ahead his lead seems to be pretty comfortable in South Carolina
What does that mean and of course the reason that they can't measure is because they don't have any idea how many
Independence and Democrats are gonna cross dress and cross over and vote in the Republican primary to screw it up
See it used to be the other way a lot of Republicans would do that and screw up the Democratic primaries
Intentionally to try to get into the candidate. They think would be the weakest opponent
And that's another thing what senses to make if you're a registered independent or Democrat
Why should you be able to vote in the Republican primary or vice versa?
Right you shouldn't you should only be able to vote in it because what what primaries are
Is people who are members of a particular party selecting their candidate to run for the office
Oh
What a concept in other words the Democrats pick who they want and their Republicans pick who they want that's the way it's supposed to work
But just like the founding fathers. This is all dark age crap
Just like the thing in New York that McCain had to fight tooth and nail to get his name on a ballot after his landslide win
New Hampshire because this is another game they play all well if you don't do it by a certain time
Even if you got 70% of the votes and all the other primaries we're not gonna get you on a ballot in New York
Well guess what two bad they got him on there because of political pressure
Because it was two-guide in embarrassing
But it is gonna be pretty interesting and I'll see who do we want to see win? I would say a bush
Huh because McCain McCain scares the hell out of me not because he's a good candidate
Not because he's a great speaker not because he has any great ideas, but because he's a war hero
War hero
Right
And America loves war heroes
I mean no matter how anxious they are just like how about the Lindbergh lucky Lindbergh
He was like an American hero because he flew to play in there spirit of St. Louis
And so even though he probably did kill his kid
And that whole thing with Lindbergh baby was a fake and even though he was a virulent anti-Semite and thought just like in Austria
He thought Hitler was never such a bad guy never stole a freight train
American hero lucky Lindbergh America's big on that crap heroes
So I say Bush is gonna win in South Carolina tomorrow fact that there's any Republicans out there
I get my pickup truck right now head up to South Carolina Columbia South Carolina
That's a good place to stop off and both 10 or 20 times tomorrow for Bush
Just to make sure that those damn independence and Democrats don't screw up your your waist because his name is Bush
He's supposed to get in isn't he that's the way it works. That's right daddy told him so
Just like you're in Florida. We got a guy named Bush. He was supposed to get in right?
That's why they put a dead man up against him a pumpkin
Yeah
Right buddy. Hey buddy. Hi, everybody. Oh
Oh
God I can see this is gonna be someday on a phone man. I can see this is gonna be a tremendously musical Friday with all the stuff
That's going on all these important things these people have anything going. Oh boy. It's been a bizarre week
Been kind of a mixed bag
We don't have a single call on the board there right now. We got important stuff going on like Tom Zickas column
Like the two cases against this priest and date county are settled finally, which I'll get into
But no matter what it is the cats got these people's tongues and like Tom says we I love his line
Last line in his article, which I'll get to
Talks about the fact that I'm number one 2554 and help Hank also be he says number two
But Hank turned out to be number one between two and six
He says however when women are figured out the next Rogers is only 15th among all the students 2554
He was a favorite Rogers line
You could put all the women listening to his program in a fumble and still have room for the Chinese army nice going time
When I Tom jickas really coming along, you know what
He is really even though
He's
My only great hope left in his town. He's the only guy to even knows my name nice going time god bless you sweet
I'll pray for you good old Tom jickas
But he's our good close buddy
And he also by the way said Greg reads an asshole. That's one that's one more reason I like Tom a lot
Because he's been in this building. He's seen the schmutz on the walls. He said boy that plays as a toilet
The only thing about time everyone I used to have money used to grepselot. What is it?
Maybe we can get Tom some of those pills on taking
We'll ask it in digestion ibs because it says that bad sour or stomach
21 before 11 at 560 wq a m
50 over out the more mine
Hi Felicia. Gigi. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
God chick. I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders anyway
Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives
It's just called head. Let's tell them about it girl
If you tie your dog your own hand
Grab a bag and then be lazy
Yeah, every number
Where can I get head lots of places chick you can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you the
In 50 minutes. I'll have you shampooed
dials and blown dry
I'd love to say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than 10
Goliath that price everyone should be getting head that's right chick when you say head you've got a mouthful
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond the latter
First at lubricate each limp hair follicle leaving in a wreck listening shaft then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root
Leaving your hair soft shiny and exhausted nothing does the job like head great
Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first
What hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head
Available a price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day
Connie we're out of shampoo. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head. Oh thank you sweet Jesus come going down down
And head makes a great holiday gift last Christmas my wife gave me some head then I gave her a pearl necklace
I've never seen her so choke down my girlfriend used to give me head then we got married
Now I'm lucky if I get jerkin's lotion in a national
You get
Head shampoo come on give it a shot my hair looks great
And then we ever tell your kids don't eat with your mind don't talk with your mouthful
It's like when you go to the dentist not about your dentist, but my good dr. Gary
Why every time I go to him and as soon as they start putting all those instruments in your mouth and packing it with all kinds of crap
Then they like start asking a question
Like that. What are you supposed to say they all do that? Yeah, you say
Yes, an act of sadism. Well, what do you think?
How's it going?
Anyway, Eric has got it on our website Neil Rogers dot com if you want to vote if you're a seminal or a gator
The poll question. They is who gets more ass gators or seminals
I think that's a great poll question fine on
Of course, there's more sheep and gains bill. We do know that
Here's the facts from Mike and Kendall a chronic factor who says this wanted let you know that sour 96 is given away a hundred dollars each
Car during the next 20 minutes
Apparently they're doing this several times today over the next few weeks once again
They've chosen to buy an audience as opposed to an eastern phone system. I guess that's the Greg Reed F and way
Uh-huh is what he says
I scroll in here Mike and Kendall, but we are getting that the new expensive very
Fancy shmancy phone system and of course the interesting part about that is that even if it is the phone the phone companies problem
That isn't going to change anything, but nevertheless we've worth in the spend some money
Why is that number 13 keep coming back into my mind again? It just keeps popping up over and over again
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line if we've got anybody in this audience who's ever been in Africa
Besides Gilbert
We don't want to talk to Gilbert. They need him desperately on that point to show in the morning on stupid talk
I'm talking about like a real person who's ever been in Africa
Maybe they can educate us as to what it's really like there and I'm not talking so much about South Africa
Which is far more civilized than most of the rest of that barbaric country, but that would be acceptable too
I'm willing to learn
Maybe there is more than just a bunch of cannibals and spirit chuckers over there
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
And rapist mobile in Miami. Hey me. Yes
Uh, I registered my penis. I just wanted a really quick. I read I believe those in my hailed
That brown has the highest population of
Preest dying of eight. Yeah, I don't know what's going on with that
God bless you. Okay
These are facts in the church two cases against priests settled by and of course this article in the Sun
Settle they written by James R. Davis religion editor
So you always you have to raise at least the three eyes up in here when you realize that he wrote the article
Because he's a real shill for organized religion. He's the one that wrote that book review
Of our great buddy what that was our good buddy's name Charles Templeton farewell to God and ripped the book a gigantic review
This is long after I mean like two years after I was talking about the book and what a great job Charles Templeton the ex uh
Preacher did about the debunking all this religious crap and he just ripped it to pieces of course because James Davis
Isn't a religious editor. He's the religious promoter
But nevertheless he writes this little article which they bury way back in a paper today two cases against priests settled
The Archdiocese of Miami is quietly reached settlements with two or four plaintiffs against the four-later-dale priest
They had accused of sexual misconduct the set the settlements were made within the past couple of months under terms that they are confidential
Said attorney Russell Adler for Latter-dale representing the four men and the four men against Reverend Joseph Sinesi
The two plaintiffs who settled with the Archdiocese lived in the neighborhood of Saint Jerome Catholic church in southwestern for Latter-dale
Where Sinesi served until late 1998
One of the plaintiffs accused the priest of stalking and harassing him the other accused and EC of sexual conduct while hiring him for odd jobs
Around the church
Adler said what kind of jobs was it odd
Arts diocesan attorney Jay Patro, but I don't you like the way I said that that was great. I'm really proud of myself
Feel good. That's a big word for me archdiocesan attorney Jay Patrick Fitzgerald was out of town unavailable for comment
Mary Ross agosta. He's probably killed a kind to a Ilyana Ross gross the Rosanna Dana
Mary Ross agosta spokeswoman for the Archdiocese confirmed the two cases had been settled
But gave no details citing the confidentiality stricter in the scripture. That's what she said
The other two plaintiffs say so and they see a sexual conduct with them about 15 years ago when he was serving at immaculate conception church in
Hylia. I heard he was immaculate. Yeah, I always had plenty of towels around unlike that goddamn Bubba
Those two cases have not yet been resolved. Yeah, see if he would have just been a little more immaculate
We wouldn't have had no mess on the dress. We wouldn't have to go through all that can start penis gig
Sonesi was pastor of St. Manuel paris St. Maurice paris share had manual on my mind
Because you like to do it manually
Between dating and Hollywood when the first accusations became public in august news reports of the matter prompted the two men from immaculate conception to call adler the attorney said
The fourth plaintiff one of those from the Saint Jerome neighborhood came forward only late last year
Augustus said on Thursday she didn't know Sonesi's whereabouts, but said he is not an active priest in the arse dynes
He did resign from Saint Maurice and was not reassigned she said not yet
His wearables are unknown. Maybe he's up there getting a sex change with Denise up there in Albany. I bet you they look charming together
I mean just day after day week after week story after story all these things come burrowing out of the closet all the age cases
And yet the masses out there and I hate to use that to a mass
But the brainwash masses keep going out there and subsidizing this god this garbage this god awful grotesque hypocritical garbage
And there's nothing that any of us can do or say to stop you because you don't have a brain to think for yourself
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the okay, I can see that like I said
It's gonna be all music today. I got one call on the board. It's a lady mobile in hell and they'll hello
Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, ma'am can I change the subject to something lighter?
There is no subject the subject is whatever you want to talk about. Okay. Why do I always have to explain that?
Okay, I ran out and bought the
2035 book. Yeah, and I began reading it and now I'm carrying it around
Going shopping now with it. Everybody's looking at me. I got nuts walking around reading this book and I'm
Absolutely fascinated what made you turn to this instead of the asking because the air can't doesn't work for me
Plus it makes you constipated and it's got too much fat and I don't think it's good for you
Yeah, I agree on it doesn't do anything for me
Yeah, and I just want to thank you for
And I'll tell you this much I feel a zillion times better on this side than the acting
Yeah, okay
I went to their website and
I don't know if you bother with that but you can ask questions directly
I have some questions and so people who buy the book they can go right to their website and it's interactive
Okay, very good and thanks a million just just say goodbye to all I read meat maybe once in a while
But I got me to cheese will kill you. Thank God. I was I was getting intimidated by all the people that were saying all the
Actions is the only thing that works. Hey listen if it works for them fine
I don't have a problem with that it doesn't work for me. It's just not my thing
I have diverticulosis is so I can't I can't hack the act can right? Amen. Amen. Good luck
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
This is you know, this is a town where we go through these phases and this is one of those weeks
I'm not going to fight it
They just got nothing to say this week because the Danny thing is pretty much over
They pretty much given that up even though we don't talk about that stuff anyway
But what little material they had before the same ponderous Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and whatever else and of course the alien thing
Which plays I don't want to hear that name again. And that's pretty much it
Just like that one fact said when it came back from vacation nothing happened here. Why do we're gone?
Okay, I mean a few murders stuff like that. Okay. That's just business is usual in the big city
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Mobile in bokeh. Yeah, sir. How are you? Okay. Good. I think the Africa
My taste
Yeah, I'm going up to the highway going, but you haven't been there
But when I get back I'll give you a inspired
What prompted you to want to go there? I said to my wife. I said name you some places you don't want to go
And she said, um Africa. I said we're going
So we're going up there to Zindabla. They're actually gambling there
Yeah, and then we'll get to gamble when you get off the plane. That's the first gamble
And I guess when you get on the plane they'll say oh
Stuitous is to Kwanda no more kidding. That's on South African Airways. They're supposed to be a fine airline
Yeah, although I do understand that every now and then the divert to Afghanistan, but that's just what I'm hearing you know
We're hoping not
Don't want to make too many detours. Okay, but then we're gonna head up to Sun City, which is all crazner's place
That's the way. Oh, I tell you what and uh, so we're kind of excited, but I when I get back
I will tell you whether it was worth going or not. Okay. That's it. I'm and I'm sure you don't want to reconsider now
Uh
Well, I got to take these malaria tablets
Have a great time pal. Thank you. We'll pray for you. Thank you. I think you'll need it
Why there's a guy in March 8th. He's going off to Africa. He's going to check out the Afro-Kuners
I mean, maybe Africa's a great place, you know for somebody else
Just like those cruise ships that uh, they after they would be these horror stories because I can't convince you people
That people are going cruise ships are idiots. They're fools. They're a captive audience for a Mickey
That's all there. They're suckers. They're people that want to have a bad vacation
I mean, I don't know about you. I get a lot of vacation days. You're most people don't get five weeks like I do
But if you do or whatever you get, that's what you get you got to make the best of it
You got to make hey while a son and you're your son is shining
And these people let the waste their time on those cruises and then they bitch and they moan and they belly
Let me ask you once the last time I went on vacation and came back and said I had a crappy time. Can you remember a time? No, no
1056 if I and just to prove you I'll be glad to start. I want to get in the tomorrow. I could get on a plane
You know just to prove to you. I know what I'm talking about. I know my craft
Motor sports Saturday
Yeah, well, what was that that was the same rejoined we used to play
Same number anyway. Yeah, it's been changed and that's the promo. I like those short ones man
That is
He that's your me off because it's the ID time
Sorry
Orgy bush says that his nose is clean and never put the fitted
He's running for the wide house
So he took Canada's manus
Stone drunken that's not all even down a few people
Johnny drunken dude he didn't drop some massive food
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it
He preferred the press would shut their mouth
But if any of your got them business
He did more than what you think
But he watched it down the sea
And he preferred cocaine to hash
That's the question that he does
Can he make his point much clearer?
Like a razor on a mirror
But he wants the two believes
That he didn't do anything
George is Bush's head and it's over clean and never put the fitted
He's running for the wide house
So he just can't get me
George is clean, George is clean, George is clean
11.03 at 5.60 WQM
I was just thinking now that Carlos brought the mail in there
And I don't want him to take this person unless you want
I mean he wants to
But why is it that all of these morning shows
Even in redneck places that maybe especially in redneck places like Tampa
Like the Ron and Ron show rest in peace
Why do they always have to have a obligatory flaming queen on the show
Just like a power 96
What is its name Carlos what name does he use on that show
I don't know he uses some other name on there
You don't listen to the morning show on power 96
You have a lot of company
Oh that's right
Oh I shouldn't have said that
Rick and Todd need your help
Don't abandon them for that show
But anyway he has some flaming name that he uses on that show
It doesn't have to act too much being some flaming queen
And they had feds on there on that
I don't understand that
Because generally speaking the audiences that these people
Panded to are pretty uh
Negro phobic leader
Leader oh what a lovely name
I've never seen leader that looks
Take me to your leader that look quite like that
She's really floating these last couple of days
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
We'll make it to you today in spite of this damn town
Or you just open the window and take a little sniff
Can you smell it?
It's the smell of instant death
Here's a mobile in bokeh hello
Deal yes sir
Hi do you ask for somebody who's been to Africa
Yes you've been there
A couple years ago on a business trip
I had to go out and take a couple deposition
Some anthropologists out there and in Kenya
Oh my god
In Kenya
And uh we went through Nigeria
Nicaragua
Yeah
They that the intercontinental they have an intercontinental in Lago
First first let me just tell you
Yeah
The people are extremely nice
Uh huh
Very
Very
Even like Hannibal I've taken your baby for the puts in the pot
Yeah very accommodating
Very uh educated
We never had any problems with anybody
The only problem is you know
That's the good stuff
The problem I had was
Have you been to France?
No yes
One
Well that was enough for me
You know when I was in France
You know you had that one and a
One about it every 10 guys pass you up on the on the on the street and they'll knock you down with this thing right?
Mm-hmm
Uh the dome bay then they they they they they so
This is this is the major league of not using
I mean you know you're staying at the intercontinental
And you order you know somebody to come to your room to bring cows or something
Mm-hmm
And the guy walks in your room
Yeah
Can't get the smell out of their
And I yeah
Now and now is that because they don't believe in sopards maybe they just a way to customize it
I guess it's not they're not stupid people. They're not bad people
They're just dirty. They're just dirty people
And and then we went on a on a farie
And we we ran into those uh the bushman and can you be the real tall guys?
Yeah and um the bottom and kneel 20 feet away
You're not though you your eyes start water
Yeah your eyes start water
Wow and we actually stayed in a in what and what we later found out was uh
You know you stay in this hut we stayed overnight in this hut
And it was made and I thought it was made out of mud
I really everybody has a lot of common sense
You know what this hut was made out of cow dung
Yeah and all night long
And when you're an artist it comes in handy if you're an artist
Yeah it's a long night long little flake for the stuff was on your head
You know
Isn't it a very common song?
Isn't it cow dung flakes keep falling on my head?
If you if you if you like Italy because I know you like Italy
Yeah um I don't know Africa is going to be an experience for you
Well what does that mean?
If you go to Africa I mean it's going to be
Well how does Africa compare to Italy?
What what would you say?
If you're if you're the type of person who likes Vegas
And likes their night life and likes the richness
And likes the well there's no like
Africa there's no night life in Italy
I mean they close the streets down eight o'clock in Rome
There's no night life
Let me let me just tell you the the the prostitution
And in Lagos at least the Nigeria was rampant
Really? I'm talking they see a white guy in Switzerland
They see a white guy and it is I mean if you're into black girls
Yeah
Golden Lagos Nigeria there's a lot of people
But you're in take your body condom with you too because you know
10 out of every eight people in Africa have AIDS
That's a big problem
15 out of every six people in Africa are carrying the virus
So you better take your body condom
Well it's on baddie had a great time and I hope your nasal passages cleared out
Yeah
Okay thanks
Thanks
Well isn't that where you're supposed to go through those dark passages
When you go on those safari
Yeah those dark
nasal passages
567056560
I'm the HZ and T wireless line
Didn't sound too appetizing to me
I mean this guy is a good guy but he's just stretching it a little bit so to speak
When he says if I enjoy it Italy
I really might maybe interest didn't go to Africa
And yes there are some gaming smelling people in Italy too
All over Europe
Although not so much in Amsterdam
You know they you know they learn to hang out of the soap real tight there
Because they don't drop it
But in France the guys absolutely correct
They like selling perfume and soap but they just don't like using it so much
Don't do what I do just buy my crap
And in Italy as well you get on the bus or get on the subway
And you'll find some pretty gamey people hanging around it
See one of the problems is that when you do your laundry
Not with like our modern washing machines and stuff
But when you do it the old-fashioned way and then you hang the stuff out to dry
And the stuff is still dirty you know
You know what I'm talking about
And the schmutz just kind of coagulates in the drives and permeates all of the fabric
And then you put it back on and it smells really really
The word I'm looking for is ripe
Right
You know I'm talking about when I say ripe
You know exactly what I'm talking
And there's nothing worse than being on an elevator
On a bus on a train
And they can find area with somebody that smells
ripe
So I thought the problem maybe they just spelled it wrong in the papers
They said that rape was the big problem in Africa
Maybe they meant ripe
9 minutes past 11 to 560 WQM
These firefighters remain cursed high on these long ladders
The hoses in hand
We're not dead
So that's why it's not so bad
That I see drugs and military damage
Now if the class is settled we can fix up for when you're broke
Or put in a hot tear
Now if they please
The child it gets the prison cold and it does some of my seats
I got a can of liquid cherries yo
No, baby
I couldn't put another smell in
Cherubles she proves it to me
No, baby
I can't even smell it in bed if I see
Baby is there
Just wait up and I'll close by
Just the afternoon
I'm in bed so
I know time's broken
I know
I got that
I'm so too far from here
The gill of the church there
It's a lot better to approach the problem again
But I'm proud of the complexity
This building stands in south
So I'm down south of Rome
In the fifth data supercowell
A little hodges stop to keep these
When they are getting around the victim of rape
Well..
Shullys
It's a bad day. Let me tell you just open up the mail which usually we get crap from
mail in this place, but this is one of the all-time best. My good post-personal buddy,
Cat Peterson, the editor of Cohutes newspaper in Hollywood, sends me a Gapilta fish decal,
made especially for Corvettes. It says, am I going to put it on my Corvettes? No.
But we put it up in an appropriate place here in the studio. It's lovely. It's the usual
Christian fish there, the decal, with the Gapilta in the middle. And even better than that,
if that's possible. What I just do with the letter, here it is. This is a choice from Tom
Denning, not Tom Denning, but Tom Denning. He says, I'm sending pictures of a stanchoy
put together. If we only had TV for this, how would you describe this? This is better than
the one with the Pope on our CDs. It's my post in the middle of a, with a frock, the
priest, the Holy of the Big Smotta, and the frizzy here. I look like Jesus on a bad day.
And also he sends me one of these. This is the righted down in the calendar. The first
day in my life, I've ever received 250 kels on the same day. And this one says, it's got
the fish symbol. And in the middle it says, in chips, in apostrophe chips, fishing chips.
Nice calling airtime. Beautiful. Put that one on the other side. What a great day for
the Irish and the anti-Guy. I'm up to that right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're talking about
Africa. We're talking about places that you don't want to visit. Here's a call from
Havana. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Probably I told to you maybe half a year ago, I don't
know if it was you. Yes, sir. It was. Yeah, I got a bit trouble hitting Havana, Cuba.
I'm trying to do something in the USA. See if you can help me please. I will appreciate
it. My wife is in Miami. In both my armies. And the operator, the telephone operator from
Cuba says the telephone cannot be reached from here. So I'm trying if you could make
a connection between my wife and me because I haven't talked to her for nearly two weeks.
Yeah. Did you give George your number? Yeah, I got a number, but I'll tell you the operator
who can reach this telephone number from Cuba. Why not? How did she reach this number?
No, she gave me the number before she left. Yeah, no, you're not following. If the operator
can't reach your wife's number from Cuba, how did you reach this number?
No, you mean the QAFF, I see. What is it? No, she told me the telephone cannot be reached
from Cuba, but your telephone number, I can reach it. Yeah, okay. Well, why not hang
on it? Give George the number and we'll try to dial her up, okay? All right. I'll
appreciate it. Okay, hang on, man. Okay, he's on it and see if this is a
logitor if it's we're just being boned again, which is possible. But you never know,
like the guy who called from Sweden in his car and was giving me the time 12 hours off.
You never know when you're sitting here taking these anonymous phone calls, but we do have
people listening to Cuba only. Now, maybe this guy's related to that damn
faggot that I and S. comedy pink or spy. You never know. Or maybe this guy's just a
guy who's really desperate trying to get in touch with his wife or somebody else's
wife. Or maybe he's looking for the baby Jesus. I don't know. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the AT&T line. In fact, it's kind of appropriate because I was just
mentioning countries that I would never want to visit besides any one of the
countries in Africa. And here's another one, a gentleman calling from Cuba. Do I ever
want to visit Cuba? No, no, whether it's a communist or a fascist and none of the
above. Now, no interest. Now, how are we going to do this by the way if this
actually pans out on the air? Hope. But can we put them both on together? We can.
Punch one twice and it locks it. When you hit it like that's right. You're right. No,
I'll say punch one twice. Okay, is anybody answering this number or what? Not
jet. Not jet. Can't see machine. Oh, no, I hate when that happened. Yeah, well,
why don't you leave a message for who to call our amigo here in Havana?
We'll only punch him up again. Hello, sir. Yeah, we are trying, but there's no
no star key. They're not home. Nobody home.
You're my god. The first time I can reach the connection between you and me. I can't
your wife call you? No, let it all. Why not? Because you're talking with Cuba. I'm
not. And of course one of the places you will not see. You will not able to see Cuba.
No, no, no, no. Because you don't want to know. Besides Africa and maybe the Lebanon and
Pakistan. Cuba each another place. You want to visit. No, besides they're in Pakistan.
That's a tune out of my favorite. Well, listen, I'll tell you George, George left a message
to Johnny answering machine and you want to try this again on Monday? And Monday? Yeah,
call me again. I'm sure. And we'll try it again. Okay. I'm about. Yeah, anytime between
10 and two. All right. Okay. Okay, pal. My name is K N E L. What?
Me? Don't mind. I can. That's my name. Senior Madakon. No, no, no, no. I'll talk to you.
Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, pal. I read it. Okay. Okay.
Love and kiss. Bye bye. Whoo. Heavy duty. You can speak. What message do you leave for
his lovely wife? I said, Hey, Elizabeth, your husband's trying to get a hold of you.
I don't understand how they can do that. The other is they can block calls out. Oh, yeah.
I'm going to let him know. Yeah. Everything goes through the Cuban operator to the switchboard
through the comedies to operator. Yeah. And she don't connect you with. You're not kosher.
Well, so maybe this guy must be some kind of subversive this guy if they want to let him
get his phone calls. Maybe we can give it a little bit like a rubber raft and she can
take alien back with her. Huh? And the two grand. Well, great. Five six. Yeah, for a picture
in a LF fielder, five six seven, oh five 60, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're talking about grotesque places that nobody wants to visit. Spare us all a lot of
pain and a lot of money. I mean, places where do people smell bad? I just I mean, do I want
to go there? No, no, I'm not into a bad hygiene. Can't get by the aroma. I don't care if
they look great. If they're friendly, if they're very nice to you, I just can't get by
that pungent aroma. Man, here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Mobile in Hollywood. Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. The last color that you had that said he had been to Africa. The first part
of what he spoke about happened to be absolutely true. I went on business myself two years
ago and the people were extremely nice. I spent time about 10 days in Sierra Leone, West
Africa, which is right on the West Coast. The area looks similar to what you would see
if you were standing at the beach on the East Coast here looking towards the West. It's
beautiful. They get a lot of rain. It's green and tropical. Yeah, it's light. The people,
however, of course, it's an impoverished country. So obviously there's poverty there,
but for the most part, the people do speak very good English. Communication is easy there.
There's Muslim and Christian religion. When I traveled out into the country,
I had no adverse experiences out there either with the people I was treated very well.
Yeah, I'm fine. The only thing is that because the country was suffering from a situation where
the military was not happy with the current political government at that time. A few months after
I left, I was planning another business trip to go back. They had political unrest and the country,
presidency was seized by the military and they took control over for about 10 months.
And they started covering people in the scrimmily too, which makes it a little bit dangerous.
Right. I haven't been able to go back over. I don't imagine I'll be able to go back over there for
at least another year or so. But when I was over there, and I was told this before I went,
I did some research and I called the US Embassy over here and talked to some people.
And everyone I spoke to said they're going to teach you very well when you go over there.
And I happened to be African American and I was kind of looking forward to the opportunity
to make a trip to Africa and this one came up and I took it. But as far as hygiene is concerned,
I never once had a situation where I encountered any bad personal hygiene in this particular
country and I traveled all to the other country. What country was this?
The early on West Africa. Oh, well, that's a horse a bit of in color.
It's a small, it's a matter of fact, the movie, the Amistad, the the the
slave ship that they had in that movie and the real story, those people came from
Sierra Leone, West Africa. They didn't smell so bad as well. I heard.
Maybe on that trip over it probably got a little right there.
You might have gotten a little gamey about half a little over.
I mean, I'm not I'm not saying I went around with my nose under everyone's armpit,
but when someone smells really bad, you don't have to get too close. It drifts pretty good,
especially in the sweltering heat like in the summertime, over there was 120 degrees in the shade.
Well, you know, there were very much like you and I wasn't in the desert, you know, I mean,
like I said, if you saw the country, it's green unless you couldn't start a forest fire over if
you wanted to because they get 150 inches of rain almost throughout a six month period.
So you couldn't start a forest fire there if you wanted to, but I'm sure in the interior of the
continent where you have dry areas and people are maybe out in desolate areas where you don't have
access to stores and, you know, personal hygiene stuff that they can buy. I guess they do get used
to what you get used to your product of your environment. Well, 150 inches and six months don't
sound too bad to me. Listen, have a great day, pal. Thanks. Let me have a great time. Okay, he
wasn't here at Leoni. So, and that's not the way you say that. It all depends. It sounds more
Italian. I was here at Leoni. I love that. I love hearing people speak Italian who can really speak it
with schmaltz. You know, I'm talking about Leoni. Mama Leoni. 26th past 11 at 560 WQN.
They throw the body in the sea.
In the whole of toilet, all sorts of longings are run as if you go playing all know
quite everything to its rusty chains. But the slaves, the idols have no food but you can
see sick. They feed it back to you. Life is very hard. I want to go check on the
1132 at 560 WQN. Don't go to Africa. That's what the first guy said. The second guy
sent him off a little bit darker. Maybe it's okay, especially if you go to Sierra Leoni.
567 O560. 0560 on the AT&T wireless line. Listen, there's stay loyal. Don't touch that dial,
says Tom Jicca. A computer glitch forced radio stations to wait several extra weeks for
the results of arbitrons fall audience measurement. In turn out to be no big deal in the mommy
four-letter-day market, Tom says. There was so little movement from the last quarterly report.
The most popular stations might just as well continue selling from the summer book.
Ratings dictate the rate of the ads can be sold. Ratings of the top five stations were exactly
the same among those 12 and over, which is arbitrons all encompassing category.
Moreover, there was only one relatively insignificant change in the order.
Rapper WEDR mains number one in soft hits WLYF. Life is again the first runner up.
How's that? Contemporary dance hits. Power 96 broke out of a tie last time with Spanish hits.
Radio Amor to take over third place by an infinitesimal margin.
Hot 105, who's urban contemporary music resembled EDR held the fifth spot.
The big mover in the survey conducted from mid-September through mid-December is the
salsa sound of WXDJ, which vaulted from 15th to number six.
Another Latin hits outlet, WRMA, Romantic, also jumped into the top 10 and number eight up
from my tie for 11-3 months ago. Spanish news talker, radio-mombi, WHUI held the seventh spot,
as well as the distinction of being the highest ranked AM station in the market.
It's interesting that at the time when the early Anguanzales controversy dominated the news
in soft Florida, especially on Spanish talk stations, it was the Latin music outlets that made
the most significant gains. How do you like that? Like I've been trying to tell you for all of these
years, most of the Hispanic people don't give a flying crap about all of this garbage. It's
those same two-thousand barbarians out there, the same five-six hundred people that have no life.
Jazz-oriented WLF-Love 94 was ninth with Contemporary hits Y 100 and TMI, the market's only
classical music station tied for 10th. The lofty standing of WTMI, which was recently sold to Cox
Radio, could be an important consideration as the new owners decide what to do with the station.
You think it's going to be important? No. I think the classical music is going to hit the road.
That's what I think. Sports talk WQAM is the number one English language AM, but 17th overall.
For the second consecutive book, WQAM's new challenger, WAFN, the fan AM-1950, failed the register
and measurable audience. How do you like that? Like I've been telling you, did they get one diary?
No. Did they show up in any demographic in any day partner?
No. Do they exist according to Arbatron? No. No. No. No. No.
Front page of the Herald, 50,000-part series by Barry Jackass trying to promote their ass,
and did it help? No. No. No. They have no measurable audience.
Says Tom Jika.
And he goes on about EDR to this. He says the shuffling of programs between WIOD and WINZ
stupid talk AM-940 resulted in a net loss for the station's owner, queer channel communications.
How do you like that? We like it. WIOD wants one of the nation's AM powerhouses,
but now a disjointed mix of news and mostly syndicated talk shows stand at the erosion somewhat
for with a fractional gain to wind up tide for 19th. However, sister station WINZ, which gave
up Russian limbo and Dr. Laura Slesnir to WIOD, lost a full point and now it doesn't even register
a whole number. In other words, fractions, Pete, fractions. WINZ plunged to 27th with a mix of mostly
inexpensive imported talk shows. A very expensive syndicated program Howard Stern continued to pay
dividends for queer channels WBGG. The suffered cleared King of all media is a runaway number one
in the look rate of morning drive period among his target audience men 25 to 54. Among all
near Rogers audience, sheers slip, but he remains as dominant between 10 am and 2 pm among adult
males as Stern is in the morning. The cornerstone of WQAM had the cornerstone of WQAM
has no serious challenges among 25 to 54, a category especially significant to a sports station.
Indeed, Rogers leading helped Hank over jump from 7th to 2nd behind WSDJ among adult males
in the afternoon drive. And let me see again that's on the asterisk because after Tom Rothus,
we find out to the six that Hank was actually number one in 25 54. They're like that.
Hey stupid. Right. However, it says when women are figured out of the mix, Rogers is only 15th
among all this news 25 54. To use the favorite Rogers line, you could put all the women listening
to his program in a symbol and still have room for the Chinese army. Nice call in air Tom.
My only pal that I got left in his town in the media is my good buddy Tom Jikket, the
Sun Central. He made me bald. He made me stupid. He may occasionally be two or three years behind
on a story. At least he knows my name. 5670560.560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I've recently called about some advertising,
but after listening to you talk a while, I've also been to Africa. Like to talk a little bit about that.
Back in the mid 80s, I was I was in the Navy and I pulled into Mambasakina on the ship. It was
not a business trip. It was a pleasure trip. So I went down and there's a lady and I went out
to a village with her, small village, and spent a few days there with her in a two-room mud hut.
Shacked up with her, yeah. Yeah, something like that. And one of the reasons, the very clean people,
but one of the reasons that we had trouble taking a shower and all that stuff, we had to go to the
village pump to get our bucket of water. Yeah, it had to go to get the warm water to carry back home to
take a bath. But folks were really nice. They just smell bad. Yeah, but there's not much to
get to do about that because they're not what he said. They don't have the facilities.
That's still thank you. They're living in the Stone Age, right? Yeah.
I really enjoyed it. And like I said, people were really nice. Now that was in the mid 80s. I
couldn't tell you what it's like. Well, I'm sure that maybe two or three people now over there got
in like running water in the house. Well, they couldn't they couldn't like this because they couldn't
get it. Yeah. But that's about it for my boss. He wasn't a business trip.
Yeah, just about there to check up for a few days. Thank you. Right. We're nothing wrong with that.
We want to work. Yeah. Now the other point I had I was going to call about your advertisers. I know
you don't have any control over that in the yield. Well, I'm going to tell you I'm just going to say two
things. I will never buy them. Yeah. And I will not shop at Fort Lavadale, Mr. Beechy. Okay.
And that's just listening to them people on the air. The guy with Fort Lavadale, Mr. Beechy,
I don't know for something wrong with your tape or what? Well, yeah, the tape is all screwed up.
That's not his fault. That's because the tape is defected and the station is so stupid,
we won't do anything about it to fix it. Don't blame them for it. Okay. I won't, but I still
won't buy them because that's repetition stuff. Okay. Just to turn you off. Yeah. He's done. Okay.
Okay. Thank you. I'll be in the sugar shack. Okay. All right. Okay. We got 4,500 open lines here.
All of a sudden, I have no idea what it is. Maybe because that's just a time out to read the
Timesic article too bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 21 till
I-
Oh, and it's blue.
It ruined my best decaying mind with my dreams.
And into my life.
Oh, how it makes me feel fine.
It's 16.
So beautiful.
And it's mine.
Forte-four.
I'm 45 at 5 fishy.
I'm going to make out at the Gulfine Park this afternoon at 2.
Josh Delo, beyond clearance, 6 to a 6.45.
Briefly, 45 minutes of clearance.
That's, you know, a good guy with 45 minutes is enough.
And then we got the South Florida Girl,
Bulls at the Hurt-Hoon baseball, and Kaplan after the baseball game.
Now, talk about bad timing.
One of our good personal friends, Cory Sabin,
used to be in our sports department with us here yesterday.
The first 20 minutes that he did with Hank yesterday,
by the way, we're really something special.
You know what I'm talking about?
Wow.
But anyway, Cory was in here with his lovely girl friend,
whose name is Karen.
And they asked me to do a favor for them.
I said, sure, no problem.
And it's for a thing that Karen has involved in called HELP help.
And what they do is they help South Florida's largely immigrant
and financially disadvantaged HIV positive community.
And I said, sure, I'd be glad to help.
And then I started reading about this.
And I thought to myself, gee, of all the days,
talk about bad timing.
But nevertheless, I'll read this anyway.
And then it says, throughout the entire Miami Heat season,
each event that's held at the American Airlines Arena,
the Amicia Arena, volunteers wearing help, ink, apparel,
and distributing information on help incorporated
will operate two concession stands.
Help ink receives 10% of the proceeds from the stand.
The reason I say it's bad timing is because we talked about yesterday.
The concession stands, and how bad the food isn't the joints,
and the people are calling in saying,
well, guess what?
Those aren't full-time employees, et cetera.
But at any rate, it says,
while this will lead to long-term financial stability,
it serves a greater purpose.
On a weekly basis, tens of thousands of people
learn about the plight of health clients
and their daily struggles and triumphs in the fight against AIDS
recognized by the community.
The Arena program is taking help's public visibility to new levels.
It's for this reason, it says,
we're confident that their fourth annual fundraiser,
a night of hopefully a remarkable success.
Throughout the months of February and March,
they'll be staging an extensive advertising campaign in the area.
Fliers and tickets will also be distributed
throughout the entire day,
by our and Palm Beach County areas.
A night of hope will be held on April 1, 2000,
at the Albion Hotel on Miami Beach from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m.
and help ink is seeking corporate sponsors
and friends of help to assist with the event.
Specifically, they're asking that your organization
donate appetizers and finger food.
Maybe we'll get a hold of Rucker Howard,
finger food for the event and a gift certificate
for the evening's raffle.
And if you'd like to help out with this
or get any more information,
you can call Karen,
that's C-A-R-Y-N, Karen Vogel.
And the number is 305-374-8919,
at help ink, 305-374-8919.
Always glad to help Karen
and especially our good friend Cory Sabin,
who's got some of his hair back by the way,
and is doing great over there in Fort Myers.
Oh!
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I was born and raised in Africa
and I tunneled my dogs.
I would all over the country.
Yes.
Are you born in South Africa?
Yes, I'm around.
How do I guess that from your English accent?
Yeah, that gives it away ever.
Right.
How about you born in Cape Town?
Yes, I'm around.
You're like that, got it, my, my brighter was.
Yes.
I don't know, you were the ticks and classes in mind reading.
Uh-huh.
If you want to visit, I mean, I've heard your other people.
No.
I've heard your other call this morning.
And they all visited different places.
Right.
I mean, it's a whole continent.
You've got such a section.
Of different places to go.
And if you go to a place like South Africa,
you're going to get a modern city with modern transportation systems
and everything just, you know, it was high as you.
It's fun, but if you travel out into the country,
you're going to get, you know, the, the, the reside,
jumping up and down, people going to shower,
you've got to, you know, pump your own water.
It just depends on where you go.
To be honest.
But I've never had any problems in the half-traveled
all over the continent.
So you recommended highly?
No.
South Africa.
No, I don't recommend it to anyone.
No, no, no.
I mean, I, I recommend it to certain people, you know.
I wouldn't tell everybody to go because not everyone's going to like it.
No, I wouldn't like it.
I've been to too many good places, you know what I'm saying?
I mean, with all the respect, I've been to too many places
that are like, you know, enjoyable, fun, exciting, more modern.
Oh, you wouldn't enjoy every nice modern hotels
in Johannesburg and Cape Town.
Yeah, I would enjoy Cape Town in like touring the wine country.
And that sort of thing you would, you would like very much.
But I wouldn't, I wouldn't I can gather
if your personality, I wouldn't go into the bush.
Okay, I'll stay out of the bush.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
I do my best to stay out of the bush always.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'll leave those a jungle explorations to other men.
I'm supposed to tell you that John Charles daily
from what's my line is from South Africa.
No, he is not.
That's what somebody wanted to say was he's been dead.
Oh, well, what are years he was from there and then he died and then he died.
5, 6, 7, 05, I bet your book of Brian's going to be upset to hear about that.
Probably burst his bubble.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the A&T.
Whatever that is wireless line.
Here's the lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
No, what diet are you on?
What diet am I on?
Yeah.
It's called the 2030 Fat and Fiber Diet Plan by Gabe Merkin and my RKIN and the Barry Fox.
It's high fiber and low fat.
Okay.
And that's the name of the book.
It's an orange book and it's got like a little chain in the upper lap 10 corner.
The book and attached to the chain is a counter to count the fat and fiber grams.
Which don't let that scare you because you don't really have to count them as long as you keep track of what you're eating.
Okay, Gabe Merkin and who else?
A Barry Fox.
No relation to sunny.
Barry what?
Fox.
Fox.
Fox, the animal like, you know, already then.
Okay.
Where can I get this book?
Any bookstore.
Any books.
It's brand new.
Alrighty.
Paperback orange cover or orange yellow.
Have whatever.
If you can less your color.
OK.
All right.
Hey, Mr. Good luck.
Thanks.
OK, 5 6 7 0 5 50 by the way, speaking of diets and by the way, also, I keep saying by the way, because I got all these things piled up here.
My good friend, Jethro, whatever his name is, it keeps facting in this stuff.
It must be some kind of a queen somewhere keeps facting in these pictures of Rob.
F these keep over.
And he finally came up with a good one.
That's all I can say about that old picture.
From about the 9 10 years ago when he was young and hung, I looked really, you know, I talked about Rob S.D.
In the past is a making a difference.
No, because we have the woman audience anyway except for these three African people are called here today.
But anyway, speaking of diets in all fairness, even though Bob Lincoln was the one that factored to me, but he got it.
This is by a third hand.
But it says Ray, Dr. Atkins, attached groundbreaking press release and said it was a great sense of satisfaction.
I'm writing to you today.
And long last week preliminary results from our first two official studies of the Atkins diet.
These two studies here with a new phase in our work, providing our critics and more importantly, our supporters with scientific confirmation of the safety and efficacy of the low carb nutritional approach that I've developed over the past 30 years.
So Dr. Bob.
And here's the release that says preliminary results from two scientific studies, both released today from where 18 leads to lend substantial support to the Atkins diet as an effective, safe and helpful approach to weight loss.
And like I said before, just because I'm not doing it or it doesn't work for me or I don't want to do it, that doesn't mean it's not great for a lot of people out there who've done very well on it.
Whatever works for you early results from the first prospective clinical study of the Atkins conducted at the Durham VA Medical Center.
Or presented today at the annual meeting of the Southern Society of General Internal Medicine in New Orleans.
The second study, retrospective research comes out of the Atkins Center for Complementary Medicine in New York City.
Of perhaps the greatest significance, the Durham Virginia study clearly demonstrated that the diet positively impacts on serum cholesterol levels, lowering triglycerides, while significantly raising HDL commonly referred to as good cholesterol.
According to the Durham VA study principal investigator, the purpose of the study was to determine the effect of a very low carbohydrate diet, nutritional supplementation and exercise on body weight, serum chemistries and serum lipids over a four month period.
They treated 41 mildly obese healthy community volunteers in an outpatient research clinic.
The patients followed a program, including reduced carbohydrate intake to fewer than 20 grams of carbs a day.
The results showed that over a four month period, there was an average weight loss of 21.3 pounds.
There was a significant reduction in serum total cholesterol of 6.1 percent, reduced in serum triglycerides of 39.9 percent.
In the cholesterol HDL ratio of 18.9 percent and a significant increase of HDL, the good cholesterol of 7.2 percent, there were no serious adverse effects of the diet program.
Here are two studies and of course you believe whatever you want to believe in all the so-called registered dietitians and also so-called nutritionists out there will continue poop-poing atkins and the other little carbohydrate diet.
If you can tolerate it and if it works with your system and it does okay for you, then believe me it works.
I've known that for years and it brings on your cholesterol for most people and your triglycerides just like I just read.
There you go.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you. Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Coral Springs.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
I got a little one of your experts talking about diet and what I talk about the panthers for a quick second.
Yeah.
Let's think about this idea. I've been throwing around because of our defensive little problems we're having here.
I've got a little problem. The defense is bad.
Okay, and a little controversy over our goal panthers here who's going to play, who's not going to play.
How wide are the goalposts? How wide are you going to be?
I don't have any idea.
Okay, what do I have to say? I don't forget a sumo wrestler man.
56670560. What is it? No.
No. Have it for me.
What? That's for a George.
Well, what's going on here? Now I have one call on the board.
This is the one of the most drastic days because everybody atkins thing.
What's wrong with reading the atkins thing?
There are a lot of people out there interested in the guy atkins thing.
I may just sit back and read my god damn it.
Eat my atkins lunch now.
How much just go back on it?
Just out of protest.
Here's our last call. A mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? I got a lot of ideas.
Yeah, more on.
A little more response.
I think we had a stick of sumo wrestler in his rectum.
I think he might enjoy it.
There you go. Listen, what were you reading off of there?
Can I print that out for computer somewhere? Where was that?
Not the atkins.
It was a press release from atkins.
I was on the dial. I lost 18 pounds.
It was great.
I had a lose like 20 and it was super.
Listen, go to Thailand.
I go to Thailand all the time.
I know it's a long trip.
Going to Thailand?
Who would say anything about going to Thailand?
No, I know. No, I go there all the time.
I know you don't want to go there.
You want to go to Peterfile?
No, no. That's weird stuff.
I'm not telling you that.
But the country itself is really gorgeous.
I know you like Thai food.
I have to go to Thailand to eat Thai food.
I don't have to go to Thailand to eat Thai food.
I want to try these food too, but that don't mean I'm going to China.
The main reason you didn't want to go I remember was because of the long trip.
But if you go from the Europe side,
like if you're in Amsterdam or Germany,
wherever you're going,
you're in there.
It's like an eight hour shot, which isn't really bad.
And you go from here to the 16 hours.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. You're probably right.
Because it takes me like 20 to get there from here,
which is the thing that's there.
There you go. Even worse.
I'm not going any 20 hour flights.
You know, Neil, you can say like five star hotels,
like a three star price.
No.
The service is super.
The country.
No.
The country is gorgeous.
I think you'd have a good time if it's a check it out.
No.
No.
Oh, well.
Thanks anyway.
5670560, petafile.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line out of townline 877-7856345.
Neil Rogers shows you sports radio.
560s.
Q-A-M.
Hey, believe this.
This is Chris Robinson of Black Cros.
I used to weigh 92 pounds.
I was a cow man.
Then I got on the slim crash diet.
Now I'm a deadly grim 48 pounds.
It's great.
The slim crash diet is so easy.
I have a deep breath for breakfast.
A deep breath for lunch.
A sensible, marbro cigarette for dinner.
The slim crash diet is fast.
And look, no more shoving my fingers down my throat like it fits.
Slim crash, the official diet of anorexic looking rock bands like the Black Cros.
From the makers of the Keith Richards Nutra Heroin diet, abuse as direct.
So our close friend, the Shannon, was just telling me she was standing at the will call
at the Macarena the other day waiting to get her hockey ticket.
And Anna Cornelhoi was hanging around.
And acting kind of like a belliger in two because she had to move to another window.
She was at the wrong window.
Oh, I have to get in that line.
To you.
Anna Cornelhoi.
Yeah.
Shannon also, by the way, to Miracles, she can get that story out because she's in mourning.
Because Kevin and Brian are engaged to be married from the back door boys.
5, 6, 7, 05.
First of all, she's much too old for the back street boys.
Okay.
Too old for the back door boys.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I know what you're going to say.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
You're never too old to be a Fag.
Okay.
Just keep that in mind, George.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
What's the cutoff page?
Cutoff at 110.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm in there.
I like the back street boys.
Yeah.
I'm 32.
Are you a Fag?
No.
Okay.
Well, there are only reason I asked that is because George always says there are no straight males who like the back street boys.
Well, I'll be honest with you.
I didn't like them until I started going out with my current Beyonce.
You're a Beyonce, yeah.
Yeah.
So, you know, she likes them.
So, you know, I mean, I just good music.
It's good music. You have to admit that.
It is great music. I agree.
I bet you if you tie George down and had like a true serim in him.
And you know, you have to tell you the truth.
You have to admit it.
Sorry.
He already admitted he liked the three singles ago.
I wanted that way.
No, you had already admitted you liked that.
Oh, but everybody likes that one.
I bet you liked that new one too.
And I guarantee and by the way, since he was finally admitting when I was on vacation about some of the good music that I liked like the Bloodhound gang and about the.
Oh, I finally heard that song by the bloodhound gang.
And the good news about that, by the way, bad touches that they actually are showing the video on MTV and on the box now.
How do you like that?
Oh, I agree.
The animals pumping the show in a video.
Show me the meaning.
And since I was the first one to say that this was going to be a gigantic single from that album.
And another example of how I know my crap.
That's a great song.
Even though the video is very morbid and depressing, but it's a great song.
One more thing, Neil.
I just want to say, make the comment that sports used to be fun in this town when there was only one sports show on.
And it was a depot at six o'clock.
Yeah, when I would be used to have the six to eight PMS sports show, right?
And then that was your fill.
You had the three or four hours of a sports and that was it.
And you didn't get oversaturated with these ridiculously calls.
I mean, and also I don't like the phone calls.
I wish I bet to the morning show would be a ten times better show if they stopped those phone calls.
Hey, you know, I've told them that a million times.
What do they need phone calls for?
Stop it.
There's three guys.
They've got eight million spots, first of all.
They've got three guys to talk and then they have all the guests on.
So what in the world do they have to have phone calls and put stupid, richy from Boorshead on?
And Billy the Jet span and all these other annoying terminally obnoxious guys that they like to think are really funny and have it a great time with.
Have you ever listened to the SDN radio in Saturday something once in a while?
Yeah.
It's pretty entertaining.
It's okay until that laughing Jackass Tony Bruno comes on and thought that fake force laughter is.
He's a Jackass.
I don't care what hand it is, but I'll respect to my close personal friend Hank.
I mean, maybe he's got naked pictures of Hank or something, but Tony Bruno is a jerk on the ear.
Oh, my Hank is an ESPN sucker on sometimes.
Well, maybe he's got to be, you know, although I heard him take a shot at some of their radio people.
So he's, you know, he's making a stride.
All right.
Have a great day sir.
Yeah, stop by the way recommending that we actually go to Thailand.
Okay, I'm not a child, I'm a luster. I'm not interested in children.
Anybody that calls and tells me I should go to Thailand.
You're not fooling me.
I know that you're a pedophile.
Okay.
A pederist, a pedophile, a pedo, whatever.
A Negro file.
Negro fold.
5667 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I had a couple of interesting calls there about Africa.
I mean, that's in the late enough spectacular.
It's obvious I'm not going to go there.
Anybody else in the audience want to go there except the one guy that's already going to go?
No.
No.
See, like I said yesterday, you've only got so many weeks of vacationer that I said that today or sometimes recently, like in the last few seconds.
So, you know, you have to be judicious about where you go.
First of all, you have to go where you can afford to go, like, you know, North Carolina.
But if you have a few bucks, you go to Vegas.
You go to places where you're going to have a good time.
And I realize we don't all like the same thing.
But it just tears my guts out when I get off at the airport when I come back.
And I see all these people getting off a plane from Toronto or wherever they get right.
And all these cruise ship parcels are there holding up their signs.
And they all congregate around them like a bunch of flamingos at feeding time, you know.
And they're schlepping them off on a bus right down there in the port to stick them on more of these cruise ships.
And they're going to wind up getting screwed more often than not.
I don't see that they have any complaint coming.
I mean, if people are that stupid, if you're that dumb,
that you're going to get on a stupid ship out there in the middle of nowhere,
in the middle of some body of water, and then all kinds of stuff happen.
And fires happen and you might have gone to the wrong destination.
And tornadoes and hurricanes and all the other stuff.
I have no pity for you.
It's a racket. It's a scam.
It's vacations for dumb people who don't know how to have a good time.
Just stop and think of all the great places there are.
There's still a lot of a jillion places I like to go that I haven't had the time to go yet.
And sure I keep going to a lot of the same places over and over again,
because like I have limited amount of time,
I want to make sure I have a great time.
I go to Amsterdam. I know I'm going to have a great time.
I go to Berlin. I know I'm going to have a great time.
Rome, whatever it is.
But I'd love to see zillions of other places.
I'd like to see other places in France,
besides Paris. People tell me that outside of Paris,
the people are most different. It's beautiful.
It's a great country, which I'm not so sure of, but nevertheless,
I'd like to find out.
I'd like to see some place in Spain besides Madrid,
which like Madrid, for example, I go into a little Havana.
I mean, it's it's old and it's stale and it's pasty.
It's bad. I'm working on my list.
I work on my cut. You do it all right.
Am I doing okay? I'll have to get J.P. to teach me.
And the list too. I'll have to work on it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
World of Long Signs on that last guy.
Oh, he's absolutely correct. These incessant sports shows I realize
you're a don't care. Try to carve out a living.
I don't begrudge anybody.
But so much sameness. How many ways can you say the same God damn thing?
And like I've also said before, I'm not saying this to suck around,
but it's true. Hank comes on the air and I love going home listening
to Hank rambling on. I love that.
Yesterday I didn't love it because Corey was in there and they were trying to be funny.
And it wasn't. But nevertheless, I enjoy that. It's great radio. It's fun.
But as soon as those callers start coming in, the gambling callers
and the callers that want to sue to intellectualize,
oh, who's going to be the right garden, who's wearing the right garden,
who's spraying it? It's terminal. It's kaka.
Awful. I'd rather here Hank talking about Vegas and about strippers
and about a million other things. Anything.
How many ways can you say the same thing?
You know what I'm talking about? I think you do.
Uh-huh.
How am I getting all worked up about when I got my nice lunch?
And by the way, I'll talk about lunch later.
Now, seriously, I don't want to look at gift horse in the mouth
and I love our friends at Tony's and they're out there only one guilty of this.
But the fact is that I'm getting off the meat.
Okay? There's only one kind of meat that I'm interested in
and you won't find it in the supermarket.
Well, unless it's, you know, packing the groceries.
They're packing it.
I'm getting away from meat and in a salad.
Why do you have to have meat in a salad?
Whoever heard us said something.
In a chef's salad, there's ham. Do I want a chef salad?
Oh, no, no, thanks.
And see, Pato.
I beg your pardon?
Antipo. Has the meat that's correct?
Although there are kinds of antiposters that don't have meat.
Where they have like smoked peppers, pepper or chini.
Ten minutes past noon at 560 WQM.
Neil Rogers, huh?
Hail Mary, no way. Forget about it.
Well, maybe it's like a kiss of the back of my rod.
Yeah!
Oh, yeah!
She's one bad sister that takes no crap
and she's got the biggest boss of them all, packing her up.
We should go.
Ninja Dines.
We should go and cook.
Yeah, right.
Whatever happens to Neil Rogers.
Okay, first time he ever sees.
Eating the rosary like numb chups.
Able to toss a Bible with the precision of a ninja star.
We'll get her.
She's one ninja whose master is the man upstairs.
What's your surprise?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Hey, children, what's your name?
Pufferstein at 560 WQM. Happy Friday to you.
I mean, what's wrong with being a vegetarian?
I'm not talking about being a strict because I think that if you get to be too strict
and anything when it comes to a diet that you do in your self or the service.
But what's wrong with having just a little meat once in a while?
You know what I'm saying?
What's wrong with that?
And like, I'm only naming all these fatty cold cuts and all this other stuff.
Even if you're doing the adkins, there's nothing in the adkins that says,
you've got to eat a lot of fat.
You can eat all the lean meats that you want.
And then low fat and no fat cheeses that you want.
Shellfish, that didn't have any fat.
All of that good stuff.
All of these things.
But why is it that people constantly are unloading on this cheese and meat and meat and cheese?
I'm talking about heavy fatty stuff.
I don't want no...
Heavy fatty stuff, okay?
So thanks again to our close personal friends at Tony's, Brad and all the very nice people over there
for a wonderful lunch today.
And I don't want to make them feel bad.
Because I didn't have to eat them eating.
Did I eat it?
No.
Tommy, I've thrown it in the waste basket.
Which is the pizza sure is great though, which I'll eat.
Yeah.
Well, they're pizza sensational at Tony's at 190 or 3rd North Los Angeles.
Right.
But it's just that when you want to go vegetarian, it's hard to find places that understand what a real salad is.
A salad is like green and vegetables and stuff and peppers and tomatoes and you know,
little red cherry tomatoes, stuff like that.
All of these good things, which I happen to be very fortunate.
I like those things.
Sure I'd rather go out and eat a goddamn two or three pints of bread and Jerry's fish food.
But I'm off of that this week.
Got any pepper and Chinese leftover?
Yes, I do as a matter of fact.
You ain't getting them.
Why would you want them?
Now what is that?
You got a big salad.
You got a big Greek salad.
George, by the way, is doing Greek for long.
Correct him.
And he's also got a big pizza in there and you want my pepper and Chinese?
You leave my pepper and Chinese alone until Miguel comes in here, okay?
And speaking of that, the nephew was just telling me about the appearance they had and not the appearance the QA and Vanny yesterday.
I had that place packed.
They were packing it because I kept hitting that Miguel was there and I'm not talking about Luis.
See this is the one thing about the fags in this audience and we have a couple out there two or three or we got a couple here and they're hiding their list in the closet.
But when I tell them that somebody looks good, they run.
They fly.
They float and I do mean fly without wings.
And they say, oh yeah, he was right again as usual.
I had impeccable taste.
Phenomenal.
So when I tell you that whether it ain't no matter what it is, if it's a woman like Christina Aguilar, if that's what that is.
And I tell you she's a skanky, scrawny bitch and there are guys that call up this show and say, oh yeah, I wouldn't mind banging her.
Hey, more power to your pal.
Because I hear that the guy from TRL, what's his name about?
I can't stand him or Carson daily who gives me a daily headache, which I don't watch that anymore.
He's the one that's supposedly banging on her now.
I'm actually made in purgatory.
I mean for crying out like and of course she's like I said the Joe when you were on vacation.
Some people like that mousey look.
That's what she's.
Oh, seriously, she has the mousey look like Diana.
They used to be I'm guiding light before she killed everybody in the Vanessa Pater to get out of the country.
But Vanessa, remember because she's in the coma.
5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So many wonderful places to go and so many dumb people out there taking their vacation money.
They're hard earned dollars and going to Africa, going on cruises, going to Thailand to chase little girls and little boys.
Here's a Palm Beach.
Hello.
Palm Beach.
Hey, no, yes sir.
Hey, speaking of Christina, real quick I was in St. Louis about three weeks ago and taking care of a sick relative.
And the Panther game was on ESPN and guess who was doing the play by play.
Christina Aguilar.
Christina Moron.
I know that on ESPN.
And I had to turn the volume down.
Moron.
Hey, real quick man.
I have been to Africa.
I've been all through Europe.
I've been to Italy, France, 17 countries.
Africa.
I've been to Egypt and Morocco.
Morocco is a toilet.
Egypt as well.
However, the ruins and what not that you get into the south and on the sign I are just incredible.
Things like that interest you.
It's definitely worth the trip but I don't think that would really be.
Well, I can see phenomenal things like that in Rome and still have great food.
No, I know.
I've one thing I enjoyed about Rome and anybody that goes to Rome, I feel sorry.
If they think they're going to get it all in in a week because you're not.
There's just so much to see over there.
I've been there twice and I still didn't get to finish everything.
I've been there 50 times and I still haven't seen them.
Most of what I'd like to see.
If you want to go back one of the things to answer your question is to why these people
always smell and these countries.
It's very simple.
I'm not the one that said that.
The caller from who was in Africa said.
It's a very simple reason for that.
And that these people don't make a lot of money and toothpaste, toilet paper and diodorant
is last on their shopping list.
That's why they don't use it.
That's the point of simple truth.
It's like the Brits.
I guess the Brits are making a lot of money because they're giving it all to the royal family.
And so the Brits can't afford going to a dentist.
That's why they have rotten yellow teeth.
That's for me, no, that's probably dick.
Probably.
And tot in the hole, don't leave that out.
Listen, I lived in Spain for over a year.
I went to the university there for a year and then I've been back after that for a couple of months.
And if you, because you mentioned you had been there and you'd like to see other places there.
Madrid was very disappointed.
No, you're going to get that in any major city, okay?
What do you mean by that?
Oh, what I'm saying is that...
Is it Rome a major city?
Rome is a lot bigger than Madrid.
Well, that's true, but Spain has so much to offer.
You've got Seville, you've got Granada, you've got Barcelona.
Barcelona.
You've got the back country of...
Palimpu.
It's breathtaking.
You can go into the South and go to Granada.
Then you can go over to...
If you want to see more in Spain.
Go to Granada.
I thought we already blew them off the mat.
Oh, you're an in Spain.
I also said that you wanted to see more in France.
I would recommend and you can gamble going to Monte Carlo.
Yeah.
The breathtaking little city.
Very nice.
I've been there twice.
Well, Princess Grace be there.
I think they brought her up someplace.
She's going out.
What last thing?
You talked about...
You talked about...
You talked about McCain.
You talked about Bush.
Okay.
I rarely, rarely, rarely ever disagree with you.
But I'll tell you what.
I've listened to John McCain.
I watched...
I'm a registered Democrat.
I've watched the debate.
This guy is not a religious nut.
First of all...
I don't wait.
I didn't say he's a religious nut.
But his voting record in the Senate.
And all of his position papers.
If you don't just listen to all the tried BS.
He's a right-winger.
He's a...
He's a...
He's a script down the line.
You know why there's this huge ground swell to support this man?
It's because he pisses off every Republican in the party.
Yeah.
But when I hear them talking about the Reagan Democrats that he appeals to.
What kind of a real Democrat would have ever voted for Reagan?
Reagan was a right-wing lunatic.
In fact, he wasn't even a right-wing lunatic.
He was just a face man for a bunch of right-wing lunatics.
He didn't say anything.
You talked about the issues.
And I'll tell you what.
McCain has come out against campaign financial forms,
paying down the debt, propping up.
Actually, what?
These people, they don't understand.
You vote for George Bush, okay?
And you're going to have this trickle-bound Reaganomics.
You're going to inflate the debt just like Reagan did during those years.
And everything's going nice now.
But I'll tell you what, George Bush comes in.
Yeah, he can get back all that tax money, okay?
But you know what?
That's money that would be better spent paying off the debt, insured.
When you didn't hear what I said yesterday, I said if I were Republican,
which I'm not, and I had to choose, there'd be no choice.
I'd vote for McCain early and often.
I'd overvush.
Bush is a bubblehead who stands for nothing.
And is again just a puppet of a bunch of financial units.
And when he's asked...
I've had Robertson.
When he's asked a tough question,
he stutters, he stamens, he's got that...
No, no.
So when he's asked any question, forget about tough question.
And he's asked any question.
And the only thing he's got to talk about now is how McCain is attacking him,
and running his unconscionable ads, and comparing him to Clinton.
He has no issues to talk about, because he really doesn't stand for anything.
No, and that's exactly it.
And basically McCain came out and with Gary Bauer, who I know you can't stand.
Oh!
But no, and I can't...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now let me ask you, how does that jive with what you just told me?
He's not a religious officer.
He's not a very power-indulverant person.
I'll tell you exactly why.
Yeah.
Because whenever anybody is a contender,
whenever they drop out of the race, bad of the race,
due to lack of popularity,
they always come out and they always throw their support for somebody.
Doesn't mean that McCain asked him for it, because quite frankly,
I'm sure McCain could have hated me.
But why would Gary Bauer give it to him when we know where Gary Bauer is coming from,
who he would have to admit is not just a religious officer.
Because by giving it...
It's the same thing as Michael Jordan.
Do you actually think that Michael Jordan makes a difference in the political process?
No.
But he came out and he backed over to Jordan.
He wasn't running for president.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, I don't.
But my point is that by Michael Jordan coming out and backing Bill Bradley,
what does that mean?
That means nothing.
That means they both play basketball.
Exactly.
So it doesn't mean anything.
Okay?
It doesn't mean anything.
Well, I don't see where the harm is in Michael Jordan,
whether he's political or not.
There are a lot of celebrities and movie stars that endorse candidates every election.
That's not comparable to a fanatical right wing nut like Gary Bauer endorsing John McCain.
He must feel that John McCain's policies are going...
One other thing, it's just like the media.
Anybody can come out and say anything to anyone.
Yeah.
As long as there's a bunch of cameras and reporters there, they're going to listen.
So he can come out and say anything he wants.
Well, it's obvious to me you're sold and you're entitled.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm a political junkie.
I watch these...
These...
These incipited debates and everything.
And I try, honestly, to make the best decision.
I really do.
But to me, I'm a registered Democrat.
But I don't vote party lines like everybody else.
I think that's a bunch of BS.
I think people need to vote for the person that they think is going to do the best.
Well, when the Republican party decides that they want to appeal to like mainstream America,
and not just a bunch of rich, a leader's to write wing lunatics,
then I'd be more than glad to consider some of their candidates,
but they haven't shown that to me.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I think you need to really take a look.
Or at least read a few articles from something about McCain.
See what he said?
I have.
I just got through talking yesterday about the fact I read one coming back on a plane
through Atlanta about his voting record in the Senate.
And it's enough to terrify somebody like me.
Wow.
Every single issue that I could imagine talking about,
he's a diametrically opposed to where I'm coming from.
I, you know, the thing is, I don't think anybody would think in a country.
And he's got a track where he's got a voting record.
It's not like we're making this up or theorizing that maybe he thinks this and maybe he thinks that
it's all right there with his voting record in the Senate.
Well, I just love the fact.
Like I said before, I think the biggest appeal to John McCain is the fact that he just pisses off every staunch Republican in the country.
And that doesn't mean he's going to get my vote.
It's just that I like him for the fact that he's sitting there all these hit, hit the critical prized
footholds that went through all this Clinton stuff.
He's finally putting them in there.
Well, at least he put the gooks in their place anyway.
Have a great day, sir.
I love you.
Yeah, that was another one.
Another example somebody sticking their foot in their mouth.
You read about that where he called the Vietnamese, the North Vietnamese gooks.
But he ought to be able to.
But that's not the point.
And then of course he had to clarify his only talking about his captors when he was a prisoner of war and not just everybody with slant eyes like all those other groups.
I mean, you just you just don't say those things.
It's like Ross Pro are you people you people you darkies out there.
You know, you're not fooling anybody.
Come on, but there you know, McCain and there's no question about he's got that appeal because he's different.
He's a war hero and he's a wise guy and he makes a lot of wise cracks.
And because he's not George Bush, the same thing like that Bill Bradley thing we played in the beginning.
A lot of people like Bill Bradley.
They had no idea what he stood for because he wasn't boring Al Gore.
Then they found out he's more boring than Al Gore and much uglier by the way.
Oh, you notice who won the best looking contest.
Al Gore was number one.
That's easy.
Yeah, exactly.
As if that makes any difference.
Steve Forbes was still in a race.
He changed the complexion of it.
26 past known at five sixty WQA.
And it's Friday.
You best.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over honey now.
Come and take our drive to my big house in Chapat, Klawe.
We can both get juice and maybe a little time.
My wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in a candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I got threats all hot dogs.
I'm like a cop there and pizza.
You remember when a billy, you're lame in tarot pizza.
It's gonna be a wild time.
Not my home in New York.
It's just a meat, darling.
Cheat and sack of sport.
I'm zip my thighs.
So good.
I'm coming over honey now.
Blow on my shelf.
A little bit of Monica in my glass.
A little bit of Monica.
Because that's my wife.
Now a little bit of Monica.
What I see when she's far away.
That's really great.
A little bit of Monica.
What I need.
A little bit of Monica.
A little bit of Monica.
Here I am.
A little bit of you on my happy man.
You're 32 or 5 to key.
I don't know what's really great.
Delicious.
You probably don't like it.
Forgetty squash.
Have you ever had that?
No, I don't think it has.
You've never had it.
You know what it is?
No.
Some kind of squash.
Yeah.
Do you like squash?
Oh, but this doesn't taste like regular squash.
Squash is like mushy.
Right.
I don't like that either.
But spaghetti squash is like a big squash.
You slice it open.
Inside has all these strands.
Ooh.
That looks like pasta.
How do you cook it?
You scoop it all out.
You throw away the seeds.
And you cook it just like you would cook anything else.
Just heat it up.
Just warm it up.
You can put anything on it.
I take my no-fat pasta sauce.
Which is all kinds of now.
Very good ones in the supermarket.
You take your no-fat pasta sauce.
And some Parmesan cheese.
Put it on there.
It's delicious.
Great.
All right.
I'm going to just tell you.
Spaghetti squash.
For people that are on this low-fat high-fiber diet,
people that are on the actins.
I mean, it's the very low in carbohydrates.
It's low in anything.
You can eat almost unlimited amounts.
It's great.
There's more than one way to slice your ass.
I'm telling you that right now.
For people that are locked in.
Oh, gee.
Why do I make?
Why do I eat?
Yeah, yeah.
Eat this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
We're going to cultivate some new places.
Some salad places.
For meals in here.
From...
You know what I'm talking about?
We'll find some of the places that specialize.
You're like real salad stuff.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in North Miami.
Gone.
Here's a mobile in Boka.
Hello.
Mobile in Boka.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's funny.
I stopped by to see your wings there at the game.
I said I might have it.
I kicked it if you wanted it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I have one for Monday.
I don't know how they would get it.
They'd have to come up.
You should have picked it up.
Or what?
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
I'm going to pick it up.
You put through the throne of the ringer and I hate you, lousy bag.
You'll kick you out of business.
Go keep the right wing back.
You'll break all our two pieces.
But first the cops are going through it.
But start to use the panic oven.
It keeps them off the doin' it.
Start to use the panic oven.
Start to use the panic oven.
Start to use the panic oven.
Start to use the panic oven.
Start to use the panic oven.
Okay, here's the fact that this is what's the matter with www.neogod.com.
It's only been done for about two years.
Our website is neorodgers.com.
You'll go to www.neogod.com.
You'll go to www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
You'll go www.neogod.com.
I know you're not talking about the kids' feet, Lord, the quarterback, are you?
No.
They would say, you know, the Christians actually believed the dinosaurs didn't live millions of years ago.
They were in the garden of Eden.
I'm swear to God.
That was on the...
Ryan Tucker.
Yeah, that's him.
And I don't understand.
I don't understand, as it says, um, a deferred sentence.
What does that mean?
You've got to touch the...
You've got to touch the national attention during a senior season at Texas Christian University.
When he and three teammates were charged with a severe beating of a fellow student outside of Fort Worth Bar,
Ryan Boyd suffered a fractured skull and facial paralysis during the altercation.
In 1998, he was given a five-year deferred sentence, a suspended sentence, and fined $5,000.
He was required to pay $9,677 in restitution and complete 80-hour, 800 hours of community service.
Before that incident, he was accused of two other bar brawls and charged with public intoxication for another incident.
How do you like that?
So it's great to see that Evan Joe, though Jimmy is left, Dave Wants, that is continuing looking for every criminal that he can find from coast to coast.
Thank God for that.
In closing, would your dinosaurs and Noah's Ark?
Sure.
Then you see the scene where the shovel concession was.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Here's the same God that created the universe.
And instead of just waving his little magic wand or his pinky or whatever it is or whatever he's got.
And saying, hey, look at this.
Here's this big cruise ship Noah.
And you don't have to go out and work it yourself up to a sweat because YouTube is you getting drunk anyway.
All of a sudden, look at this.
Here's there's two of every of you who is right there on.
I just wave my hand. They're all on the ship ready to go.
All you got to do is steer.
And there's even a few steer on there too.
I wouldn't give you a bum one.
But no, Noah had to go out there with his little hammer with all his little primitive tools and he built this gigantic arc.
Woo! Nice going there Noah.
And he pitched it without it within.
I heard he pitched the fit is what I heard.
Well, no, actually what happened is he pitched the tent and then God pitched the fit.
Yeah, that's what Hand said.
Old man like Noah.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
I mean, anybody who believes those stories, what can I say?
How do we get through to you?
How do we get through to your fruit a little mine?
How do we open it up again?
Maybe with a can opener.
We can open up your brain again and pour some sense of there and make you realize these silly fables, these idiotic things.
And that's why these right wing Republicans were their religious hocus pocus, which you won't find in many of the places like at least in western Europe.
Except of course in Northern Ireland.
Look at what a good job it's doing there.
Yeah. And what have I always told you?
Here's the 800th piece treaty in Northern Ireland down the toilet.
Here's the 45,000th Middle East piece treaty just in my lifetime down the toilet.
How can you have peace between groups of religious fanatics who've decided that the other people are going to burn and hell and live their mortal enemies?
Does it make any sense to me?
No.
No.
Here's a lady in the gables.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I wanted to tell you, first of all, I'm a lady panther and I'm taking my kids the first panther game tonight.
All right.
So you're going tonight?
You're going tonight.
And the panther game tonight?
No.
Tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night?
I knew that.
I knew that.
You're going there tonight.
You'd be the real ones appointed.
Well, I'm getting prepared tonight for tomorrow.
Okay.
I was going to say at least we're not going to lose tonight anyway.
I guarantee that.
Absolutely not.
Second of all, I like to say about the spaghetti squash.
If you cut it in half, you put some olive oil on it.
You either spray or spray or just regular olive oil.
I love olive oil.
Put in the oven for until it gets soft about 350 degrees and it gets soft.
And you scrape it out.
It's just like spaghetti.
Yeah, Brian, I love it.
It's awesome.
That's how you cook it, George.
And it's good for you too.
It's great for you.
Yeah, it is.
It's great.
Anyway, and go panther and you're doing a great job.
And I also wanted to say, George, it's an okay job while you're gone.
He's fun to listen to, but he kind of was rude to me today on the phone.
So, well.
Plus he mumbles a little bit.
But, you know, he's having a great day.
Thank you.
You too.
I'm glad.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
I got to see you mumble a little bit because I'm, you know, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Exactly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the out of town line is 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 4, 5.
And it might just point out to you by the way in this rating, there just came out in December,
which was like the middle of November to the middle of December.
We had an outstanding month.
And George was on for a week during that period of time.
I was away.
That was one of my vacations.
So, how do you like that?
All these assholes out there that are always giving him a hard time.
And all of those tapes, we love those tapes.
Every time we would play the best in the L tapes, when I used to go on vacation, we would have a week in the middle of the ratings that would like to disappear.
Take a gigantic dump.
And George, for all his mumbling and religious hatred and all the other swing club and whatever else he mumbles about, he's doing just fine.
So, leave his little ass alone.
There you go.
Of course, there's a lot of room for improvement.
They're all right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
And that's a rumor said, 12, 56, and 5, 60 QAN.
This is 5, 60 QAN.
That's what you QAN.
Oh, it's a 1 to 2 hour.
Oh, it's a 1 to 2 hour.
Oh, it's a 1 to 2 hour.
That's what you QAN.
That's what you QAN.
Oh, it's a 1 to 2 hour.
That's what you QAN.
That's what you QAN.
That's what you QAN.
I bet it's wrong to wait in my footsteps.
There's an outfit on.
Stop.
Whoa, good God, yo.
That's what I was designed for.
He's your normal man.
He's your new kid again.
Stop.
Whoa, huh.
That's what you QAN.
Oh, there ain't no ear walks.
Stop.
Whoa, whoa, yeah, yeah.
That's what we live for.
We love our duty to stand again.
Stop.
Whoa, good God, yo.
We shall welcome J.I.
Bring on the soft drinkers.
Stop.
1, 0, 2, 5, 60, WQM.
Hank will be out of Gulfstream doing a show this afternoon from 2 to 6.
Six o'clock, we got Clarence, Josh Darrow, 6 to 6, 45.
Briefly, that's enough.
And then the South Florida Bulls and a Hurricane Baseball.
6, 45-kilod cappin' time at 10.
So, I'm on, I was away, I guess, the Sun Central Final discovered that thing that was a new time.
Is about the alien family over here.
Would somebody finally accept me in the mail?
That God lost to the mail and was in that strange plastic.
What goes on with the mail, you know?
What, huh?
But they had to, looks like somebody was chewing on that.
Like they were eating it.
Eat this.
Yeah, it has a whole deal about the family.
This is a real upstanding family that he's got over here.
They're criminal past like Lazaro Gonzalez 49, who has temporary custody of this little punk kid.
Was first arrested and convicted of the UI in 1991, state motor vehicle record show.
He was arrested again on the same charge in 1997 and placed on probation for 12 months,
order to perform 50 hours of community service, attend a substance abuse program, and pay an $884 fine.
Delphan Gonzalez, 62 who lives in the Florida Keys,
but has been spending most of his time in his brother's home since alien arrived,
was convicted of DUI and causing property damage in the Keys in 1991.
Motor vehicle record show.
He was arrested on a second DUI charge in date County in 1996 and placed on probation for 12 months,
order to perform 100 hours of community service and pay an $849 fine.
Demands to nephews Jose Armando seed and Luis Armando seed, both 32, have more seriously legal problems.
They frequently visit Lazaro Gonzalez's home and take an alien outings.
They have criminal records including charges of strong armed robbery,
burglarie, or legally carrying a firearm.
The most recent incident involving Luis Siddharth, placed in September,
he and an accomplice accused of holding up a tourist from Connecticut.
When a man stopped in a little havana,
to ask Siddharth and manual chong for directions,
the man asked him to pull into a parking lot,
according to police records, chong grabbed the man from behind while Sidd punched him
and then ripped off two chains,
Siddharth was charged with strong armed robbery and scheduled to go on trial this month.
Luis Sidd served six months probation for charges of carrying a concealed weapon
and resisting arrest with violence state record show.
His brother Jose Sidd's rap sheet goes back to 1986,
including a four-month jail sentence for burglarie.
And it goes on and on.
So the kid can stay all the rest of those out of jail.
So yeah, the question is, which scumbag family should he stay with?
A scumbag family over here?
Or a scumbag family over sluppers over there?
Who want to fight his tongue and reach in and see if his generals are growing?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
Well, at least one thing over there,
you know, he gets to use the same toilet paper over and over again.
Get familiar with it.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Miami?
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yep.
I'm waiting for Neil.
You're speaking to Neil?
Yes. Okay. Neil, how are you?
Good.
I have, I'm a long time listener and I think it's amazing that you can come on the air for four hours
and keep everybody in fits of laughter.
I'm really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really do it to me.
But I do have one little issue with you.
I, the places that you choose for vacations, no question or wonderful answer them.
All of Italy, I mean, Rome is one of the great cities of all time.
Las Vegas, all those places are great.
Toronto?
I don't know Toronto too well.
Great city. Probably the greatest city in the Western hemisphere.
But anyway, and you were quite wise to pick out the accent of the lady that said she was from Cape Town
because that was a very concocted accent as far as I was concerned.
But you were a little off base.
You thought she was, uh, make believe?
Well, I think that she may have passed over Cape Town on some weekend.
Uh-huh.
But I don't think that she looked at the...
Maybe she was around past over weekend.
It could be.
Yeah.
But anyway, you're a little off base when you say people are waiting at time and energy to go to Africa
because these places like Serengeti and Massamara and the Gorangorra crater and the Victoria Falls.
Yeah.
I mean, those are astonishing places.
And they've wanted you word for it.
Yeah. And if one goes there with somebody that they can really enjoy, I mean, I've rented a villa outside of Sianna for a month.
And if somebody said to me, your money is not the problem, where would you like to go for one month?
You could go anywhere on earth for one month.
I would pick the Africa bush.
And by the way, the...
How about Colambo bush?
What I was going to tell you too is in these places that I mentioned to you,
the lodges are four and five star kind of places.
I mean, I have unbelievable luxury.
Oh, I understand that, but then that's for tourists.
Well, you're right.
Now, people are living there, the overall...
I mean, you can find great five star hotels in Caracas, Venezuela.
No, and the majority of the people living there are living like sluppers.
Oh, I agree with you.
And India points that out remarkably.
The only thing about Africa that is disappointing to me, and I'm about the same age as you,
is that the quantities of the animals, as we humans, have done a hell of a job in damaging that whole thing.
I mean, as a child growing up in South Africa...
Do you have those elephant tusks, you know?
Well, that's the thing.
You know that...
That's particularly old Iveries.
At this point in time, by the way, in order for an American to go to Tanzanero,
any of those places, they charge in about a $40 or $50,000 licensee in order to kill an elephant.
But the United States then only allows 100 elephants to come back into this country tusks for feet or whatever it is.
But the point that I was going to make is, as I was growing up as a child,
we would go to these various game parks, and we would see sometimes three, four hundred elephant at a time,
either in the pool or in the river, frolicking with the babies and stuff.
And today, if you see, maybe 20 or 30...
Oh, when a French Canadian come down here, you can stay up to some of Hollywood hotels and see a whole bunch of elephants in the pool.
Well, anyway, I just...
I've been listening to you for a long, long time and enjoy you immensely.
Yeah, thank you very much.
And have a great day.
Okay.
And I'll see you in Nairobi.
Perfect.
Bye-bye.
With the Nairobi trio.
And how is there any co-backs to an aim by seeing them lately?
No.
What a shame that was, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
How we doing on that pool question, by the way,
I think we're getting any response on that?
It probably not, because there are cousins that indicate anything.
At NearRargers.com on our website.
We're convoyed.
But we're going to start next week.
We'll do like some serious polls a month and a while.
Like semi-serious.
Like which is better, good, and they're bad.
I usually wait until the next day to get the results.
Oh, I see.
Like I said, we'll wait till the morning to get the results.
We'll come in and do a special Saturday show, right?
No.
No.
And how is Brian doing with the word on that appearance, by the way?
I don't want to start picking on good old Brian, but boy, oh boy.
He is...
He's an asshole.
Really dropping several matches on the food chain.
Maybe he wants to pick up the pace now that the fat boy maybe leaving?
Well, he's on...
Now he has to use bad.
He's back.
But he was like in limbo.
And then we have the other one.
I don't want to mention Peter Leonard that keeps threatening to leave.
But if he leaves, then he won't be able to come in here and cheer all his personal grief with us.
And then we got the Todd Record Course.
When you told me that Todd Record is an inside parking space downstairs and...
You've got...
I hope you're wrong.
I saw him park it in there.
You saw him parking in the covered parking under the building of sales putts like him.
And I think he's parking in the spot that I usually take.
You know how Phyllis has got her spot that nobody dares to take and the...
And Scrooange, he's got her spot right next to the water Nazi, which is appropriate.
And I was taking a spot like on that same side, like right next to the...
You know why I was parking?
I mean, not that it's important as long as there's a spot down there,
but it looks to me like Todd Dreck.
Somebody that drives a jaguar is parking in that spot.
Not that I want to...
You know, my name is not in the spot.
I don't want to start playing Bouch Boss with anybody,
but it just irritates me that peons are parking in...
Who the hell is Todd Dreck?
Who the hell is that?
He's an asshole.
Oh, we know that.
Nine minutes after one at 560 WQM.
Head cap with no scope.
Learning in hand, silver-bass-k and...
Yeah, weeknight.
Oh, we on 430-560-QAM.
Let's try and learn the play for you.
Tonight, it's Cops.
It's Hempselvania Dutch Country.
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when the carriage comes for you?
Hello there, Jebediah.
Hello, Officer Hezokai.
Say, uh, what brings you up to my home, little ghost?
Well, we got us some reports of some...
Pussin' and Abutin' in these hair parts.
Ah, yes, Hezokai.
I'm ashamed to admit that my wife Sarah exposed part of our ankle.
Why, that no good, Hussie.
Yeah, I've got me a good mind to put her in the stocks and give her 40 lashes.
Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow.
Yep. Women.
There, the reason we're all going to hell.
Ah, yep.
Well, I gotta get back to plowin' the fields.
We'll keep in.
I guess I'll be gettin' back to the barn, Rezokai.
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when the shack full of you?
That's tonight on cops in Pennsylvania, that's country.
If you want thing, we can rip the omnisolvue we want because we know that they're not listening.
Yeah, we can rip them and ask all, and in fact, even on the worst thing yesterday morning, they were makin' front of the omnis.
Because they can't listen, they can't be having no radio.
Unless they're bummin' or ride from somebody.
They can't ride in a car.
They just can't.
Oh, you just can't.
Oh, you wanna drive one?
Can they ride from my sister? She goes right next to a settlement.
Oh, my God.
Data official blocked other in-school filming.
Here's the thing about this Henry Freud fraud.
Deputy superintendent, this man, with a bad, bad pasty wig, bad make-up job.
He's an asshole.
And not only was it this Oprah show, but it's got a whole list in this thing in the hair this morning, which I won't waste your time with about all these other things that people wanted to do about some of the good things, which there aren't very many, but some of the good things that are happening in public education in South Florida.
And that he don't want you to know about those.
Did you mention he's not a real doctor?
No, he's a monster. He's a wannabe.
Doctor Rodriguez.
Facing charges, former teacher kills himself.
Did you see this? The government went into a middle school.
And didn't just kill himself like ordinary, you know, you can kill yourself.
First he tried stabbing himself.
And then he got out and got in the car and drove to a, where the hell was it?
This building he jumped off the fourth floor from and committed sausages?
Well, whatever it is.
He's dead.
But look at this phone. It's dead too. It's just like that teacher.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
We've covered the entire world practically. They from Africa, from the deepest jungles of Africa to Thailand, to Uranus, and everything in between.
From Atkins to Skatkins to a you name it.
To the back street boys are getting married. Everything you could possibly want an insult.
And here we are sitting in this board. Is a dead as a goddamn door nail.
Here's a pig reporting for Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this me?
This is you.
I just call him about an accident on 595.
At 95, it's Eastbound on 595.
Right.
You got to expect up from 95 all the way back to the turn plate.
Oh my God.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, sorry.
Thanks pal. Thank you.
Okay, there you go. Be a warrant.
Okay, stay in hell off 595 Eastbound.
And the area where he was talking about, you're going to be sitting there a long, long time.
567-0560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got the Panthers in Penguins tomorrow night at the Macarena.
The game, the obvious injured.
I don't know if he's going to be able to play probably not.
And of course, I don't feel bad about that.
I would like to see him play.
But that means a better chance of us winning.
Who cares about him?
He's small potatoes.
When we got Pavell.
And I don't want to get started.
But I do.
I will say it anyway because it's just grind.
I would say this to Rimmer yesterday.
And of course he agrees.
Okay, Peter Royal, which he's not one of my favorites.
Because to me, he's basically useless.
But I would agree that he played probably the best game he's ever played to the team against the Rangers the other night.
Went out there, he, he, couple of unbelievable hits on Peter Nedved and little Theo Ferry, whom I hate.
Couple of great hits.
Almost scored a goal hit the goal post.
He played at night.
Nice, this is there to Array Shepherd.
Played him a good game.
But I'm going to tell you something.
When this man gets a greater ovation.
When his name is announced in Pavell, Burie.
It tells me there is something desperately wrong with several thousand of you at the moment.
Even more than half of it hit a lot of wrestling Boulevard floss.
who passed all these assholes who sitting those seats.
You have got the greatest athlete in the world playing on that team.
There is now I told you that when we first got him and I'll tell you that again now.
The most sineleading player, the guy that gets you.
Everybody stands.
When he, it looks like he's going to get a break away.
Everybody stands, including me.
They were like holding out breath.
Knowing that something is sensational is going to happen.
I just for the life of me don't understand the mentality, the stupidity of some of the
people there.
It's like the rubber neckers and they tone it.
It's the same thing.
They're more interested in watching some goons out there, get into a brawl, which in
99% of those fights, nobody really ends any serious punches and very little ever happened.
Once in a while you see somebody with blood running down his head, but 99% of the fight,
nothing really happens.
That's what gets them all whipped up into a frenzy.
I'm going to tell you something tomorrow night when they announce if I don't know what
line Terry Merger is going to start in the opening game, but if he starts at number
one line and Burier is starting on right wing and they announce the starting line up,
they're on to be a standing ovation for him.
I know I'm going to stand up and cheer when he announces name tomorrow night because
he's the best in the goddamn universe.
There's something very, very seriously wrong.
When you put it right in front of somebody's nose and people can't even recognize what
it is.
No, they're seriously.
You pick up 20 pounds of dog crap and you're sticking from the, hey, what's that?
You know, they're sniffing it and feeling it and poaching around with it.
God, there's something desperately missing in this town like some common sense, like some
understanding.
Here's four Myers where they understand it.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm a Jew who lives in Fort Myers.
Oh, you're the one, huh?
One of about four.
Four.
Yeah, well, I mean, in the place where three might open up a deli over there.
Well, you know, in this place, every other guy's name is either Wade or Emmett or Dale
or Ampourney.
It's kind of redneck, you know?
Yeah, a little bit.
George Bush Jr.
Did you see him last night on his interview?
No.
Unbelievable.
As they see in Southern California.
He was on.
They were talking about this guy in Austria, this guy.
George, yeah.
George Heiter.
He did, first of all, I didn't even know the guy's name.
And he doesn't know.
At least he's consistent.
He doesn't know anybody's name.
Any leaders, any country in the world, he doesn't know.
So true to form, they ask, well, what do you think?
How do you think we should react to him if he says something?
He said true to Bush.
He says we ought to leave it up to the Europeans.
Yeah.
Right.
That was his response.
Mm-hmm.
You're right about McCain.
Don't be fooled by McCain.
No.
He's a wolf and sheep's clothing.
Yeah.
Let anybody think that he's a moderate or progressive.
You know, he's every much his right wing is Bush ever dreamed of being.
Only he just is a wise guy.
That's all.
I'm from Madison, Wisconsin.
And our home senator is Russ Fingle.
Yeah.
He's a great guy.
He's very progressive.
He's working with this guy a little bit.
But I know him a little bit.
I don't know him well.
I've met him in Madison.
Yeah.
I asked him about him.
Do you ever meet his boyfriend?
I'm sorry.
No, he's not like the guy from Minnesota, well, Stone.
OK.
But I asked him about the guy.
He said the guy's an asshole.
He said plain and simple.
He has an asshole.
He is an asshole.
That's right.
Everybody knows that.
Except you.
So, see, this business of I'm a Democrat for Reagan.
I'm a Democrat for McCain.
Like I said, the guy that called me for it makes no sense.
I mean, if you want to be from a can, that's OK.
But don't tell me you're a Democrat because his policies, his positions on every single
issue are the antithesis.
They're diametrically opposed to what the Democratic Party stands for.
So please don't tell me you're a Democrat for McCain.
That's like a Jew for Hitler.
You can't be.
And this guy who called you yesterday, I got such a kick out of some guy called you
and he said, oh, he's from Arizona.
That's a right wing state.
Oh, yeah.
Florida's not.
As if that's an excuse.
That would be like saying, Hitler was from Austria.
He was born in Austria.
Therefore, that's why he had to be a Nazi.
Yeah.
And Florida's not.
I mean, come on.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Oh, he said you too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Yes.
Did you get my facts about the death of Cameron?
Yes.
I read your facts on the air.
See if you were listening to show you would have heard me read the facts.
What does this must be called?
Yeah, it is called.
And you know what, Paul?
I appreciate the invitation.
But the answer is no.
No.
What I knew.
Because I am not interested in going to Cameroon.
And I'm not interested in coming to your house.
I appreciate the offer very much.
And I'm sure you're very nice guy and have a wonderful family.
And I'm sure you never stole a freight train.
But the answer is still.
No.
No.
I'm just not interested in Cameroon.
It rhymes with the cook, the cook, the cook, the cook.
Yeah.
Have you ever heard about Cameroon?
Have I heard about it?
Yes.
I've heard what?
About Cameroon.
Well, what is there to hear about?
I mean, like, what have I missed?
You always go to Canada, right?
No, I don't always go.
I go there often.
Yes, I go to Toronto.
And did you know Cameroon is like only two, but no countries in the world is Cameroon
and Canada?
Well, see the fact that they speak French, there would be one of the major reasons I would
not go there.
See, I don't go to Montreal or to Quebec.
I go to Toronto, where they speak English.
Oh, man.
You cannot disappoint me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Big time.
I'm not going to Cameroon.
Parleibu no.
Parleibu and no way Jose.
Oh, man.
Anyway, I love you, show me.
Well, thanks, Paul.
I hate to disappoint you.
Maybe I'll think about sleep on it, OK?
OK, please do think about it and give me a call, please.
I'll give you a call.
OK.
Sit right there by the phone.
OK.
OK.
You'll leave me or reaches one of the other.
No.
Is that your final answer?
Yes.
Well, that is, that really is a bad show.
And now, now that it's been on for a while, and I don't even watch it anymore.
It's a bad show.
And the only reason that it's got those high ratings is because everything else that's
on is that much worse.
Thank God for having 17 satellite dishes and a whole bunch of choices and two VCRs.
That's all I can say.
Because what they put on network TV, I wouldn't give you a fly and Schmidt for.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just a couple of comments.
One is I heard, Hank Oldberg talking to you know, the other day, and some lady called
up.
And after she asked the question, she sent something to him like, you know, I'd appreciate
if you wouldn't need on the air, it's kind of rude.
Yeah.
Well, you would think she stole this sandwich.
I mean, he went off on her, calling her every name in the book, she wouldn't believe it.
Yeah.
I don't quite get it.
I mean, why does it have to be so rude?
Well, wait a minute.
Why are you asking me about something, Hank did?
Why wouldn't you call him and ask him about it?
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I want to ask you one of the things I want to look.
No, no, no.
But seriously, that's what you want.
Yeah, it's just an observation.
Yeah.
And I figured maybe you could talk to him.
Talk to him about what?
I don't know.
I'm not going to tell Hank how to do a show.
If I disagree with an opinion, he's got what it's about T-Sloor and issue or something, I'll
talk about it.
But I'm not going to tell him how to do a show.
Okay.
Well, I just wanted to bring it up.
Listen, I didn't hear the call, but though I listen to Hank a lot.
And quite frankly, to be honest with it, he gives people a lot more rope than I do.
I mean, if somebody is a dancer, somebody is rude, I'm going to hang up on him a lot sooner
and Hank is going to do it.
No, you wouldn't have done it this quick, maybe.
Wow, I am.
And I'm telling you, it sounded like he stole.
But why are you so concerned with it?
Your wife or somebody?
Was it somebody you know?
No, I get a lot of time in my hands.
Oh, okay.
Well, at least you're honest, anyway.
The other thing is, you're talking about the politics and the cane and the bush.
Bush is an evil-looking guy.
Yeah, and he really is, huh?
And I hide.
He is.
He's really, he reminds me of Nixon back in the beginning.
And he also looks like the kind of guy who'd snap at the drop of a hat.
He looks like a Coke guy because he looks like he's ready to snap.
And if you look at him cross-eyed or ask him just the wrong question in the wrong way, he's going to well lose it.
Don't you think he'd look great in with a handable mustache?
Yeah.
Right?
In fact, he'd been pushing eyebrows.
Have you ever seen him together with Bob Barr?
Think about that.
And have it right there, okay?
560560.560 on the AT&T wireless line, 126 of QA and the...
Who was his reward?
Not his pedophile.
Yeah.
I like it when the guy stopped by.
For a hummer.
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
When you got that hummer,
you kids on the block really have smoked some eatsuits, have no...
I am zip-fliven the guy stopped by for a hummer for a hummer.
I like guys who start at home, they want to...
And stretch this one they make their wish.
Because they get long from my hummer, from my hummer.
Big one, daddy, stick it in my hand.
I gave you a hummer and it all began.
You had the biggest one that I ever did see.
It felt the floor when you tried to see.
When you unzip, I can't help but want.
But it's no big thing you just had the flaunting.
You wet my whistle with that big thing, baby.
Halfway down my throat and hands were as deep crazy.
Now I think about you and it makes me sad.
You went away and never came back.
I gave you a hummer and it went back home.
When I was at home, it was the size of your bones.
I felt even love when you gave me a piece.
Now I'm a little bit like Alex, hey, kiddin'.
When I met you, I knew that you were sick.
It really doesn't matter the size of your stick.
New kids on the block really have smoked some eatsuits, have no...
I am zip-fliven the guy stopped by for a hummer.
For a hummer.
132 at 560 WDQM, very weak results in our poll today.
Very weak.
44 votes.
But it's not that kind of a question that's going to listen to a lot of response.
Unfortunately, because these people don't have a sense of humor.
Who gets more ass?
Seminole's 24 Gators 20.
Seminole's way.
Seminole's way.
How do you like that?
That's why they call them Seminole's.
Because they're getting it.
Oh, I don't want to forget this.
Someone threw a bag containing seven dead fish in a handful of pennies in front of Miami Mayor Joe Carrillo's Covenant Grove Home Thursday.
Carrillo said he believed it was a Santa re-off threat.
The mayor's wife had been out to pick up their daughters 9 and 11 from school.
When she returned, she found a plastic shopping bag from an health president's school.
In it were fish with mouths open and pennies.
My wife called me and worked at tell me and I told her not to go pick it up.
What she had already done at Carrillo said.
It was very upsetting because this is not the kind of thing any parent wants to smile to see.
Carrillo said he didn't know who'd be responsible.
He said it's the first time something like this has happened but that it doesn't feel correct.
I've heard this is supposed to be some type of ritual related to some kind of seven powers to wish me bad luck in my life he said.
I believe in God not in any fish or pennies no matter how wide open your mouth are or however how much they stink.
If the fish is rotten at their head, put it into a Carrillo's doorstep.
I can't put a piece of chocolate in there.
Exactly.
Alright that means Luca Bracci that means that the Joe Carrillo sleeps with the fishes I think is what that means isn't it something like that.
134.5.50 WQ I am where we go and let's go to a mobile mobile and Delray Beach hello.
You got him.
You say it is what I tell that idiot that call before someone or Hank can complain to him.
I don't want to hear his.
Yeah yeah well what kind of crap is that I mean every time somebody starts they know what they're going to get I'm not going to discuss it if they have a gripe with the way somebody else did something called them about it.
What the happen on the show is that's simple but you're dealing with idiots that's a jellyfish doesn't have the balls to call Hank and Riff and ask because Hank will hang up up in two seconds.
Easily back to Africa. Why the hell does Peter were all have an article in the paper today meaning what?
Oh yeah I saw that because I have no idea because they're obsessed with him.
He plays one good game finally.
I'll leave it in that game.
He got a stupid penalty earlier than almost cost us and fell on his ass about three or four times.
I don't I just don't know I've never been able to figure out what the big attraction is.
Look at the stats and look what he's done which is nothing.
Also, I give them the answer because they're obsessed with him.
And whatever.
Let them go.
I know you'll think and have a great day.
I mean you know you you can't you can't not sense it the people that just don't understand what the game is all about.
Their idea is they want to see a guy go out and even people in the section of my right there I look at them.
I see they're watching their reaction when he's in one of his make-believe fights with a guy that comes up to his pulpit.
They're like throbbing they're forming it to mouth.
This is by far the most animated they get unless maybe that little blimp is flying over and dropping the some of those crap in front of their push.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
North Miami.
Hey.
Yes sir.
Yeah listen that collar.
He's out of golf scene today.
Glap here gives out fat dots and he kissed for me.
Yeah.
Anyway listen you always pick it on cost bill about the car reason.
Have you ever been out here picking I'm not picking you know I'm joking.
Well that's great guy.
Oh that car.
That's right that's exactly correct.
You want to go out to you know he owns a good good drag reason.
I'm not about a month ago.
I have a guy go out there for what?
Go out there and check it out.
You always knock him something.
Once you go check it out.
I'm not interested in him.
Yeah but that's the app and you give a fair you know evaluation or something.
Don't you don't you just think I've seen plenty but on television?
Oh the television doesn't do it just the drag race and you got to see him first.
These cars that go around you know all well around and around and around you all right.
Drag races are different story.
Yeah Joe's got two different cars.
I'm not interested in drag okay.
If I want to see drag I'll go downstairs and take a look at Carlos.
I think I've never got it.
Okay.
But I mean I mean I've seen Joe they've got two different cars.
He's got cherry cars beautiful cars.
Yeah well that's fine.
I have two beautiful cars too but what about it?
Yeah well you tell what you can drive.
35 mile in hour on the on the streets.
But it's you know it's a great sport and you know you see people don't they have a lot of them.
Why is it a great sport?
Well because first of all the participants are friends friendly you know.
You know you don't not like the rest of these jocks.
These basketball players you spook all players the baseball players you go out to there.
You know you want to talk to participants.
They know that they're right there for you and they're you know none of them are correct.
I hear I heard the first participants in Tidley we the weeks matches are very friendly too.
You know I'm not going to try to win you over.
There's we got enough people out there anyway but it's a good sport.
And you know you are going to see Joe one time I'll tell you.
I see Joe here all the time I mean we have to leave the building.
I was always got to go up the line of Maroso one night and you'll enjoy it.
Okay.
All right you'll see.
And let me just say this to you okay so you don't feel bad.
There's an equal amount there are three different things.
The chance of my calling Paul from Cameroon back.
My going to on a trip to Africa and going out to sing Joe in drag or whatever this guy is talking about.
There's an equal chance none of the above zero.
So at least I'm an equal opportunity.
Naysayer the answer is just no no very simple.
Not because I don't like to try new things.
I mean I'm pretty open minded but those are things that are absolutely not in my vocabulary.
And you've seen the dragster you put it on that Christmas card.
I saw him in drag just the other day when he was in it's a hockey game.
The other night he came in drag and you know what's Janina wasn't too happy about it.
But that's just this thing he likes the drag life.
22 before those actually some things that we've been waiting for in there.
What a shock what a well I'll give me something to listen to after a Hank gets his first call.
Q a n drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning 56 with Chocostello right here on sports radio 560 Q a n.
It's Friday you fast food.
Each be a presents a family story to elderly women come from Cuba on a mission armed with only stale shirtless candy and a yachty board.
They must bring back a young boy by any means necessary.
The only thing that's not going to be a little bit more than a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of by the way we are catching up to the 364 0575, four block.
Authorities from the three-wheel drive lineup are a nice call out to the C couchit requests.
According to the morning show over here.
Yes.
The station went up to point five points in terms of ratings.
What station over there?
Yeah.
Well, how come they're not the, it must have all been in the morning, I guess, then, huh?
I have no idea.
I was talking about that.
How come they're not giving us this sharing that information with us?
How come we don't have a fax on that?
How come we don't have some better communication since we're handing them for free,
most of their programming from over here?
That's, that's what it is.
You're going to be nice for us to know?
I agree.
Especially since they basically triple their ratings.
Yeah.
Anyway, long time let's get with it over there in four Myers.
Long time listener for, of you, you used to listen to when you were on 940 from over here.
And quick request.
Yes, sir.
The bombic song, jigger boo.
I'll work on it.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Was that, what was that?
Five requests, something like that?
Uh-huh.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, they see this bugs me.
It just bothers me that we were working a vacuum in this place.
We could all kind of stuff on this fax machine for the sports people that has nothing to do
with us that goes into circular file.
But the stuff that I would like to know about and things that we would be, uh, wanted
to talk about and have interest to the audience, and we get that stuff.
Oh, no, after we beg for it, after we have to get spy reports from the listeners.
But it's it figures.
It's the Beasley Frickett way.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, you know, I was listening to the path from Cameroon.
Yeah.
He was standing.
I think he could go one place on earth.
He'd like to go to the African bush.
Mm-hmm.
He did the only African bush I'd like to go to his entire bank's bush.
That's the only one I could consider going to for any length of time.
Uh-huh.
I don't know if you've grew with me on that, but uh, hey, what was it?
Or any banks?
Is that what you said?
Let's take any banks, yeah.
I wanted to go message to George.
He might be interested in this tomorrow night at Quebec, a road that's a music club
in downtown Miami.
They're having a festival illegalized medicinal marijuana.
Yeah.
And my band, the Ancelsations play in there tomorrow night in Quebec.
Okay.
Okay.
He'll bring a Bong John silver with him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18-tier wireless line.
Yeah.
I mean, this business, though, you're going to talk me into going to Africa.
You can, you know, waste your time and flap your lips.
Oh, that was a bad, uh, that was a bad thing to say.
Well, I mean, if we were talking about any other country, and I said, flap your gums
or lips or something, I guess nobody would take that the wrong way.
But when you talk about Afro-kuners, and you say flap your lips right away, all you
see that is making those comments again.
I mean, I'm not saying that all dark people have big thick lips like Malcolm.
They're on the young and horny to see a big, real thick lips.
No.
No.
But then again, is he really black?
No.
He's like, uh, had a good suntan, I think.
And how come all this good information we get on the facts machine about people that I
never care about?
Then we get all these biographies and stuff.
How come Nick Locker from 98 degrees?
I never got any bio information about him or pictures of what it looks like.
You know what I'm saying?
Huh?
How come?
Probably the most important man in the world to me anyway.
The most talented man in the world be on the shadow of a doubt the greatest voice in
the world no matter what George would tell you.
I mean, he's no, uh, lymphatic biscuit, but five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Halondale.
How are you?
Okay.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I know what I was trying to catch you yet.
When you were really talking about the, you know, who that is, you know, I hate to break
the news to you.
I'm so okay.
But you're like 25 minutes ahead of your usual call.
See, this is one of the real problems we have on this radio station.
In fact, thanks you get like an asterisk extra credit for being number one in men in
his last book because he did it in with a handicap of the fact that his board ops keep putting
this asshole on here every single day.
Steve from Hollywood, Steve in a mobile.
It's always the same twerpy voice.
I have nothing to say.
Peace of crap.
Every single day and he calls in that first half hour course because he knows that I'm
in the car on the way home driving listening, which I don't really care, but it sure isn't
helping a hank show and it sure ain't you're going to happen on this show.
You moron you idiot you.
What a quizzling.
What another one of those pathetic.
There's a whole group of these people.
We ought to rent a room at holiday and you know how they have the circus, of course,
where you go and you look at animals in a cage.
Not the circus, but like the zoo.
And we ought to have like like a cage like that and have him in a guy with the eyes
into the four or five other half of those and miss bits.
You know the ones who were talking about the ones you never hear of anymore because
I made them disappear and just put them in there and let everybody take a look into
what these people look like and what they're all about.
It staggers the imagination.
We don't want to talk you okay, Jackass.
Nobody wants to hear your whining wimpy voice.
You had nothing to say.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I got a quick number for you came off this week and sports illustrated 58,000 out of 210,000
tickets sold for the lightning through December were free tickets given away.
Right.
Over a quarter percent.
I mean a quarter percent over 25% were free tickets.
And one if you great to have two more girls teams coming in the league next year.
And that's just what we need Gary Betman.
You idiot.
Yeah, I got a bunch of slippers up in the Orlando.
Anyway, in reference to the affirmative action, I believe that it should be eliminated because
well, wait a minute before we go on.
If we had the Tampa Bay lightning, if we had that same team here, how many people do
you think would be showing up at the game?
Well, geez, probably you.
We have a great team and I understand the San Jose game when I was on vacation a week
ago Wednesday, there were like maybe 11, 12,000 people, maybe tops in that arena.
So and this is for the top team in the division and one of the best teams in the league.
You should do a poll, maybe not the next game.
See who won the MVP at the australia game and why and probably half of the people there
when you would know what the every with the probably right down Peter War El.
About the affirmative action.
Yes, we should get jobs and get it to school because of your qualification.
Not because of skin color or tooth color or size of anything.
You know what I mean?
That's so little incorrect.
Right.
It's it's hideous that you know, they got to me quote all these people that are belly
aching and bitching.
You know something?
Your time is up.
If it's not completely up, it's running out.
That's what they're screaming about because this favoritism and this reverse discrimination
has gone on too long and it's got to stop now.
I laugh at those people because they're trying to get in just because of certain qualifications
that they're born with like skin color and stuff like that.
I know I want people to do one of the job waiting on me who are qualified.
Whatever job it is, they're doing.
You're not qualified.
You're lost.
They should have race on most applications, if any at all.
Is there any chance you could do screenless today?
Have a great day.
Thank you, sir.
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the 8th.
Where did that come from?
I got a left feel.
I guess 151 at 560 QAM.
Debo, Tony, sports showdown.
Are you up to the challenge?
No.
Saturday mornings and 8, only on sports radio 560 QAM.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Hello.
I'm Linda Tripp.
Recently I had $30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face.
People have been asking me lately how I feel.
Well, to tell you the truth, I feel great.
I feel like I could touch the sky.
No more dark circles underneath these beautiful eyes.
People compliment me on my brand new nose.
I put my hair in pretty pink ribbons and bones.
Yes, because I'm a sexier woman since my new surgery.
I think I'll have the judge over for dinner and tea.
I'll turn my head, you'll feed me grapes, and then we'll burn those silly tapes.
I could stand loose a little weight, but I feel great.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
OK, 156 and 560 WQM.
She is a cow, but that's on her.
I'll tell you.
I already told you tonight.
So let's do this over the weekend since we're trying to do this thing, taking the pools
on our website and give you air or something to do.
Well, he doesn't have to do anything.
Just put it on there.
Let's take a presidential pool.
But I think South Carolina primary coming up today and we actually had three or four people
that I mentioned like names of candidates, which is pretty scary for this crowd.
Let's take a presidential pool over the weekend and Monday we can give you the results
from this audience.
Bush, McCain, Gore, Bradley or Keys.
We'll even put Alan Keys on there because he do still be a candidate.
Kind of sort of like that.
You're Rogers.com.
That's our website.
You can get on there and we'll find out what this audience be saying.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
My queen.
Hey, Foster Hewitt.
You must have remembered him when you were a kid.
Yes.
And Hockey Night, coast to coast in Canada.
Yeah.
What happened to his son?
I thought he was broadcasting games too.
I moved down here.
Bill Hewitt's been dead for two or three years.
Bill Hewitt was the greatest.
Well, I moved down here in the late 50s so I never really got to keep up on a dick more.
But Foster Hewitt was fantastic.
Back with the record.
I don't agree with you at all.
I think Foster Hewitt was a pioneer but I thought he was a sounded like a liney old
washerwoman.
His son Hewitt.
Hewitt was the greatest hockey announcer who ever lived.
I was the key at the back.
Well, the best guy ever.
Oh, yeah.
That's all I knew.
I was the kid at 12.
He was my hero.
Heing birdie now and all the race.
Yeah, okay.
Well, listen.
Have a great day.
There we go with all time hockey.
Anybody want to hear about that?
No.
That's a sure way for a tune out which we don't want to do to hang just before the show like the
morning show tries to do us with that god damn Richie from Boroshead every day.
And that's the new tactic.
Instead of backing up the last commercial break, they make sure they put Richie from Boroshead
on as the last caller or if he's not on the phone, they talk about him like they did
this morning.
Okay.
God is going to get you guys in the morning.
I'm going to tell you that.
Oh, God.
He's going to get you.
Okay.
Because you're crossing this bonus money.
Seriously, we're number one in 2554 by a mile.
Tank is number one in the afternoon 2554 between two and six.
Are they number one in the morning?
No.
Are they number two?
Are they number three?
Are they number four?
No.
Are they number five?
No.
No.
Are they number six?
No.
Number six.
That's men 2554.
That's the male demographic here on a sports station where the other day parts are number
one and they're in the morning.
They're number six because they're talking to Richie from Boroshead.
That's why.
And Billy the Jetspan.
Yeah.
Taking the easy way out.
Three of them.
