Joe, on 5-6-E Q-A-M, it's Dr. G, on 5-6-7, on 5-6-3, and David Brown, on 5-6-E on yourself,
all the opinions of these kids to call it.
And that necessarily represents a sub-head for his head, and a sub-head for his race.
Now, here's Neil Roger, on 5-6-E Q-A-M, just lick up.
Hi!
Sunrise pages, not their places should dry.
We go much slower than you.
Sunrise pages, you can't make your cash rise, their unpacker juice.
Depends, he pennies what coverage I wish.
So we don't stay nor got a little bit quite a sag, we're done.
Sunrise pages, you can't make your cash rise.
They show, they show, they show, they show, they will, they will, as the only part,
so good.
Boy, you're the children, you might find Japan's 12th seat in your shoes.
You're not worth a penny, David, I think my kid, you're in a kid,
we're on the way, in his young age, just like change,
in his teenage years to shine.
So that was a good future that you're driving, you can do this.
It's your backyard like the everyday space, because of the night.
Our children, there's not nothing there's no sight, just like change.
By this romantic we die, we start to happen to all, just like change.
Nice place to enter your house, I'll help you for you.
Oh, I tell everybody that's that one.
So what do you think is the topic conversation about this building is today George?
How about those fans? Every single ass I mean, every single person is building.
That's all we're talking about.
I went to bed at half time, I did the smart thing, and then I woke up this morning
to the good, I mean the bad news in the paper there, the blue and blue, I mean who cares,
it's a ball game.
Even Todd Dreck, that space cadet from our sales department, opened the door just
a second to go and says, how about those things?
And like I told you, this is the same guy who seriously asked me the other day,
seriously, and then asked again the other day, because he's not Kevin Stiff, can
bubble one for a third consecutive term.
And I went, oh yeah.
Hey, look for the QM van from 11 to 1 today at Pac-Mail located next to the
Windixia Navhila Cleary Boulevard in Plantation.
Miguel will be there with CDs, cassettes, keychains, t-shirts.
Where those great keychains, I must have one very under this summer.
The parts of the lotion and the parts.
Yeah, those t-shirts are really nifty, and maybe if you have real balls, they'll actually
wear them in public, but I doubt it.
11 to 1 at the Pac-Mail right next to the Windixia Navhila Cleary Boulevard Plantation,
just look for the QM van and the lovely Miguel.
And we're doing pretty damn well, rhymes with Miguel.
Look at that on the internet, on our website, we got 12,280.
We got to be getting close to 35 to 40 grams of them in that territory.
Wouldn't you think by now?
And of course our CDs and cassettes are in specs all over South Florida,
they've brought it in Palm Beach and of course it enables import buyers.
And you can also order me at ronjus.com, wqam.com, and you can order by calling the
Gels Extension.
Maybe he'll stick it on for you.
305, 650, 0156.
Still look a little bit down in the dumps this morning like a lot of other people in the building,
because of a stupid ballgame last night.
And of course to show you, same with the World Series, same with this NFL Mundine at Football,
Tour Play.
Tour Play.
And then I'm sure the finish was one of the most exciting, greatest conclusions in years in any game.
In any sport? Did most of us see it?
No, of course not.
Who the hell is going to be staying up to the, especially in a lot of side of game like that,
or with Vinnie in there, I guess you call it a lot of side of game like that.
Who's going to stay up to one o'clock in the morning on a weeknight to watch a ballgame
and the same with the World Series game the other night?
You know, all these sports that try to get young people, try to get kids, you know,
involved and become fans and so on.
Well, how are you going to do it when the kids have to go to bed before the game is over?
Like the Mets Yankee game won, but being a nail-bite or 9.
It's hitting 6.5.
That also looked like a blowout.
If they would start to go out there and baseball games at 7.
Without pocketing around for 15 minutes, have a little bit of a ceremony,
play the national anthem, go to commercial, 7.5 come back, start the game.
And of same with Monday night football.
Too bad they started 8 o'clock at a rings when it's good.
Too freaking bad.
See, they don't care about whether the majority of the country gets to see or not.
All they care about is how many spots they can sell.
Just like us.
Just like us.
We don't care about anything else.
Just how many spots can we sell?
Only for sure.
Give me the F&Money.
Give us your money and don't complain.
That's our motto here at Q&A.
And we're pretty proud of it.
So proud that even Kevin Baster wrote an article
which you're thanks to Greg being on the ball.
And can you imagine Greg reading the business section?
Okay, somebody must have picked them off for it.
Even me heads up.
Some of us rich guys read the business section to see how their money is doing.
That's right. You probably want to see how those milk cartons are doing.
W-E-D-O ranks number one in arbitrarian ratings by Kevin Baster
and they buried it on page three in the business section which I never would have seen it
except that bluff ran among the buildings.
Greg, it's a story.
It's a story.
It screwed us.
Yeah, it screwed us all right.
Now that's your friend, Kevin Baster.
And speaking to your friends, how about Maddie Bellbound's test?
You think that he'd be running up here already with our 10-to-2 breakdown
from this summer reading book?
This is the important stuff.
That's what it's all about is the goddamn ratings, right?
Come on.
That's our week here, Abon.
I'll pour the yesterday.
Most take this call here for it's mobile and vocal.
Hello.
Take it morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I have a question and a comment and I may be your the man I passed out.
Question first, yes.
Okay, question and I bid by the CD.
It's wonderful.
Good job, George.
Thank you.
Uh, the question is I lost my voter registration.
So we can do it and get another one so you can vote.
Call up the uh, party or vote the uh, whatever they call it.
You know, the you're not you're not screwed if you lose that.
No, I don't think so.
I think that they can uh, make somebody a story out two weeks.
Cool. Very good.
And my comment is even though I lost my team turned out crappy, it was, you know,
all you year all about the New York fans and there this and that 30,000 people in the third floor.
Come on.
Let's search it.
There is nobody in any town.
It's that late hours and I don't know.
We think nobody would have stuck around there.
Headed by a 30 to three or whatever.
Hello, welcome.
But the reputation is there's a greatest fans
of the loyal and passionate.
Well, let me just say this to you.
At least they show up.
At least they feel the place.
They don't have to have the TV stations by the last 1500 tickets.
Either we could get the game on TV.
You're not helping my argument here.
Okay.
So, I mean, you know, you cannot near call you one.
And like the islanders don't have any fans because they also don't have any team.
But they got a crappy arena that's falling apart.
But at least they show up.
I'll say that for them.
They're a real sports city.
And then there's this town.
But they're all wine today.
I love it.
I love it.
They're not going to win a lot.
It makes me so I get sexual excitement from them.
I'll put a question yesterday.
Should we declare a moratorium on discussion of going bush until I've been in the last
year, which is two weeks from today.
I like that.
Two weeks from the CNN.
All of a sudden discovered yesterday that it's a lot closer than they thought.
Yeah.
Just because they don't want to be so badly out of stuff with every other
pool in America, they decided that bush is not a hit by 9010 points.
It's only by two points.
Now, what a concept.
I'll get to the pool and then see him even looking at him.
And then I'm going to go move these rings.
I got some rings for you.
I'm going to say if you haven't laughed a good loud belly laugh and if you haven't
let your pants in a long time today is the day.
Today is the day, people.
I got some numbers for you that will make your pants from now till midnight.
I guarantee you'll be squeezing that bag.
You'll be squeezing something.
That's one of the great mysteries in the history of the human race.
How does that man keep a job?
What kind of naked pictures of Rwanna think will and then
out of our cars he got in that drawer.
So in his drawers man 10.
Oh nine to five 60 WQM.
You're highly rated station in men.
No question of the program.
Maybe we should.
No, no, no, no.
Wint permission of WQM.
This is broadcast with incorporate.
How about worries?
Got a huge pair.
Oh wait, that's a hard one.
Good morning, Paffin.
Yeah, I saw your ad.
Packers needed.
Yes, I'm your guy.
Okay, let me talk to somebody.
Okay, that's Monday through Friday from 7 to 3.
I'm in and the north Spanish.
See senior Rita.
Okay.
Okinawa Taco Bell.
Drop the Chalupa.
We come home.
Okay, let me talk to somebody in charge.
Okay, well you need to come into the office
and get out of an application.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I understand.
Can I please get pass recepches?
I need to talk to somebody because I'm an experienced packer.
Okay, please hold.
Yeah.
Hi, this is Nancy.
Can I help you?
Nancy?
Yeah.
Take your ad out of the paper.
Why is that?
And assume the position.
Excuse me?
I am ready.
You are ready for what?
You're looking for a packer, right?
I need a hundred packers.
Oh god, you.
I don't need just one.
You're ready to pull a train.
I am.
Because I'm the king fudge packer.
Assume the position.
I will not.
Will I be doing it on you?
Who are you?
Are you ready to hang up on you?
Don't hang up on me.
I am ready.
You know what I like to hear?
Because if you can take a hundred guys,
you can do this.
Grab your ankles and make the phone go bye-bye.
I want to listen.
See if I can get an echo.
Hello?
10.13 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Have I got some numbers for you?
I still can't get over these.
We still clelling from this.
Anyway, so Kevin Backstreet and I hear a lot of close personal friends.
Why it's an article in the business section about places they stick a bit?
See, I don't understand.
If I had to do with Spanish language radio or TV,
it's in the Living today section,
I held in the Sunsendle.
But if I had to do with anything with two words radio,
that has to do with people that speak English.
Some of us, then it's buried somewhere.
I think maybe some of the people that I held
to make these decisions ought to be buried somewhere.
I'm sorry.
Anyways, on page three,
whatever that is, see you in the business section.
WEDR ranks number one in arbitrarian ratings.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, new idea.
Okay.
Hey, funny thing about your radio station during that football game last night,
right towards the end of the game,
they'd play commercials during two of the touchdowns back to back.
They'd played about five minutes of commercials.
Oh, right.
Well, we got to get them all right.
Yeah, I like listening to Manage when the doll has that loose,
and it's probably one of the most enjoyable things in the world.
He's at your home.
Have a good one.
Why not?
That's what we like.
What's wrong with a hammer?
Probably a jet fan.
It's not like in New York or the main.
I interrupted myself for that.
Our prior yesterday should be declared more a turn on the discussion
of going boister on the show to life of the election.
Yes, 452-0409.
Very, very close.
862 votes.
And I'm going to pay attention to that.
No, no, because obviously the people would like me to declare
more a turn.
I'm mostly the Bush people.
Sure.
Oh, yeah, no, no, let that bag get talking about it next to a week.
So that's a good idea.
Now let's talk about silly stuff and belly.
A lot of fart noises.
Yeah, then we'll get those girl people out there to vote.
And they're going to start getting real nervous again
because now it's getting real tight again.
Every single poll, CBS and SNBC,
and now even the right wing CNN poll, the yellow people,
are it's only two points apart?
How do you like that?
And this is before Larry Flynn comes out
with all the stuff about Bush and that gorilla or whatever it was.
Yeah.
Speaking of gorillas, WEDRX number one on arbitrarian ratings.
So this was a very ethnic book.
I'm trying to tell you where it's really so bad
about losing the gigantic chunk of our audience.
Even more news number one in midday in men,
which is all we care about.
We get our bonus money in.
Now, when do we get the bonus for the summer,
which is kind of a week bonus?
It's seen at the cop out on their part.
Well, you know, summer is way down.
So we cut the bonuses in the half.
Right.
Try to glean down Greg.
But then they give us like also a little bit of a bonus
for the overall station in men.
And guess what?
We're number three, Danny.
Because the mornings went up a little bit,
Hank held his own after a very strong spring book held
under that five four.
So we're number three, Danny.
Overall, enjoyed his number one.
But Kevin Baxter, he puts a little bit of a different spin on it.
So like I said, very strong ethnic WEDR went way up.
Lacky as we're still up there.
Power 96 way to help.
Oh, and what is our good close personal friend,
Kig Curry, who does not provide me with that music?
Can't understand it.
Unless maybe he's just an asshole.
John and I provide him all at European music,
of which he plays,
some of it on the air actually, like the root,
which is very popular with a kid's horse in the power 96.
And he returns the favor by slipping me, so to speak.
Not giving me my copy of that great CD.
And then of course 98 degrees,
which we had to go out and actually pay money for,
but it was worth it.
You're a blowhard kid, Curry.
With his five year of life, he says,
we really work at doing well in the summer.
We've really concentrated on that and it's worked.
So it's WPOW program director, Kig Scrivie,
who station relies heavily on teenage listeners.
When you look at the kind of music we play,
we should do well in the summer.
But now that school's back in, that's all going to fall apart.
Well, you talk about,
talk about an excuse beforehand.
He's already making excuses before the fall book even starts getting going.
Oh yeah, the kids are back in school.
We're going to suck.
They do okay.
They do all right.
Especially when you listen to that music,
somehow they do all right.
And guess who's got a real dilemma now?
I guess who moved into the top 10 in 12 plus.
Does anybody really care about 12 plus?
Oh, which includes all those old people?
And the other had to be a lot of wired diaries for WTMI.
They moved up to number eight.
12 plus.
So not the cops people, they got a real dilemma over there.
Just, just a little more I was here,
and then we were getting ready to blow that classical crap out of the water
for the soon like any minute.
And now the excuse can't be, well, we can't go to the audience
because they're number eight.
Number eight.
And some of the clowns will listen to this show pretend that one George was
on during the summer they were listening to WTMI.
Do there's anybody believe that?
No.
Anybody believe that people listen to the Oradjus show?
Listen to WTMI?
No.
Classical music.
Oh man.
Sudo intellectual crap at best.
Anyway Kevin Baxter was on to say,
Neil Rogers 10 week summer vacation cross sports talks
station WQAM AM.
Nearly a third of its listeners in the station's target audience,
managed 25 to 54 during Rogers 10 AM to 2 AM PM's weekday slot.
But the station still finished number one that demographic for the time period.
Overall among all listeners measured by Albert,
trying WTMI finished 20th in the market,
four places beginning with Langley News Talk station WIOD.
That's 12 plus asshole.
And of course there's anybody care about 12 plus.
Oh no.
Because even in midday 12 plus they kicked the crap out of us
because it's the old people listening to Lord Ants and Dr. Laura.
All those old scurvy old parts.
Can they sell those old people?
Oh there's some improvements and laxatives.
That's the only thing they can sell.
Power Dent.
Denture grip.
Minor ice.
That's what they got on those old people show.
So you know if you understood what the ratings were all about Kevin,
maybe you'd write an article that could be in the newspaper
much less in the business session.
Which has to do with dollars and cents of which you have none,
especially the last part.
None.
Also I might point out not to defend George because he don't need no defending,
but the fact is that Howard went down like anywhere from one to two points
depending on the demographic went down all.
And the reason being, this is like the reason we went down here in some of the
ear demos is because it was this strongly ethnic book again.
Schwarzer's don't listen to Howard.
Schwarzer's don't listen to this show.
They don't listen to this station except the sports shows
when they call them the acts of us, stupid, the backs of the book, questions and stuff like that.
And like about last night's ball game.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Yeah, that's it.
Well, what do you laugh about?
That's what it's at.
Give me a ball.
Give me a brain.
Okay, that's what you should be saying.
Give me a brain.
Give me a book.
Give me some knowledge.
Let me be like a living and breathing thinking human being
calling one on this planet.
Instead of some auto-meet time.
So listen, if you thought bookshield,
a bookshield,
babbling book, if you thought her numbers were bad.
And if your lives was really not too wild,
you'd rather be wild about it.
Those numbers on stupid talk, baby.
Let me say it again and we're concerned them moving up there.
Those midday shows not doing too good over there.
Oh, no.
Are you sure positive?
I checked it several times.
No, they got no story.
The only story they have on this station is more in looking squad.
That's the only story they got.
I'll read close personal friends,
Rick and Sards, when we like a lot, especially Sards.
But take a look now at three to seven p.m.
First let's look at 12 plus.
You see maybe they have some old people over there
listening to Ed Till.
Isn't that who's on now that it was wild that can't
because he didn't belong in the first place?
Isn't that who is Ed Till?
1.0, this is person's 12 plus three to seven p.m.
on 940 stupid talk.
A 1.0 in the spring book.
This time they've got right in here to strap yourselves in tight
boys and girls.
You may fall off the edge of your seat.
50,000 watts in the middle of a dial.
They've got a 0.3.
Yeah.
Now, okay, so 12 plus, like I said, who cares about 12 plus?
That's all a lot of people.
Maybe the under demographics they got some audience, huh?
No.
Yeah, in the afternoon.
Men 25, the 54, here we go.
The babbling broke the course.
She was doing like ones.
I think something like that.
There was never any story.
And then there was wild.
She was like losing the, like about the, here we,
in the last book spring of this year.
In the afternoon they had a 1.1.
Strap yourselves in again tight, hang on real tight.
Wipe off the debris from the first spurt.
Here we go.
Three to seven p.m.
and 25 to 54, a 0.4.
Time for 30th.
Woo!
Nice going, T-saddy.
That tape holds your he's the best, you know?
He'd be the best.
Oh, God.
And he's still there.
That's this is the thing we love him.
Nobody loves him more than we do.
Because that's the kind of competition that people dream of.
People will just, we'll just stab their grandma in the back
to be able to have that kind of competition.
Here's a mobile and no water deal.
Hello.
And you're the golem swerve.
Okay.
Do you want to show us the furlough debate for us?
No, I did not.
Especially when I saw Willie Luglin on there.
What the hell was he doing there?
I don't know.
I think they're all a bunch of idiots.
He was the only one that had anything.
They brought out the subject of same-sex marriages, of course,
and same-sex relations, such and all that.
What I want to know is, who gives these people the right to decide
whose relationship is sacred and who isn't.
I mean, they need to loosen up their grip on their fairy tale book
and just let people live their own life.
I'm hoping to build most of myself.
There is no time to, I'm not ready for that.
How do you, how do you, how do you, do the clown?
He still doesn't agree with.
Well, these are our girls.
Well, I know, it's not a, not politically correct.
Okay, just lighten up and have a great day.
I don't worry about their gay marriages.
Okay, that's going to be the criteria on which I'm going to be
a criterion that I'm going to base my vote on.
Is whether this candidate supports gay marriages.
Get rid of it, sir.
All I can say is, right there on the ballot,
right above the calendar is going to be the crap item.
And you know something,
yes or was in town yesterday speaking of Bill McCallum
and speaking of goody T-shirts and finger-pointing.
Guess who was there yesterday, sucking up?
In fact, he's on the front page.
This is one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen in my life.
I forgot it's supposed to be all that religious.
He's the squeezing Pepe on the front page.
Look, he doesn't believe me.
He's laughing.
There's the picture right there.
He's squeezing.
Uh-oh, yeah.
Democratic Vice President Exo Candor,
a Jew Libra and Hugs,
Cuban American National Foundation,
Chairman Francisco Pepe Hernandez in Miami.
He's given a Pepe, a big hug right there on the front page of the hill.
A big hug in the squeeze for Pepe from Jew Libra.
And say he reminds me a lot of,
well, in fact, if you put the glasses on him,
I think he and Bill McCallum are the same guy without the die job.
Because he was the first Democrat you'll recall.
All these, you know, and here's a big story in a stunt
sent all about Jews, Jews, uh-oh,
Libra and they're all coming out Jews.
You know something I can't, I'm embarrassed.
I'm really humiliated.
I am.
I'm humiliated.
Because he was the first Democrat to come out
and the only one who came out so distant,
I mean, just wildly and viciously with it,
when the Emanicaer penis-caping was going on,
he was the one who came out about how it was disgusting
and unacceptable and giving a big lecture.
And of course, he was bubbled with the one to help campaign to get him in the Senate.
First time he ran,
but don't count on me for, uh,
you're my support because, uh, my, my, uh,
Mazusa on the door was doing things in my life
and I got to be Judge Metal.
I got to be Judge Metal piece of crap.
So he was as much a finger pointer,
even though he didn't cook and spire and he didn't vote for impeachment in the Senate.
Thank goodness, but nevertheless,
he was almost as bad as McCallum,
who was one of those rabid right wing zealots you recall.
It was our penis.
It was our penis.
Or whatever hell they were saying, yeah.
Well, I drive from California to the moment of the bad wig,
he ever saw a penis.
What the hell is his name?
The one that he's going to get his ass kicked through this time.
I can't take his name.
The one with the real bad hair piece that kind of like sits off to the side
like on a corner of the set.
So Richard, he's very Richard.
Oh yeah, well, we'll see him no more.
How's that guy with a salad he's doing?
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WT,
881 votes.
Look at that.
459 to 420 when you can stop voting on that thing now because as usual,
I'll do whatever the hell I want anyway.
And all you bush people that are trying to get us to dummy up about what
a moron your candidate is.
We're not going to do it and what about your bigot so many of you are.
So that's the thing that I find detestable and disgusting.
Is that most of the stuff that comes in especially on a fax machine
is from all these right wing hateful obnoxious bigots?
The bush people.
That's the crowd.
I'm telling you, that's the jet bush crowd making a mistake about it.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WT, QN.
We're number one, dancing.
We're ladies from the Twilight Zone,
which means we're really meant by who was known.
We're just celebrating for a boyfriend.
We're fishing at the club, but we're catching up thing.
Nothing.
We're a boy, simply girl.
She is girls in the world, we're feeling not the same.
So 100 just wants to stop.
To many some demand who was calling Broly,
he said, he thought that I was no girl we were with.
And we found the blonde who got pissed off,
so I wanted to kiss him and suddenly my wig's so off.
But we thought I had done and our nails done too.
The folks down there must have given them a clue.
Every time we sneak a pinch to their vines,
they just turn around.
Look at us as mama, we're ladies from the Twilight Zone.
We're really meant we would have known.
We're fellow looking for boyfriends.
We're fishing at the club, but that way we'll be the hands.
We're like thomes, which means we're really meant,
but who would have known.
We're just fellow looking for boyfriends.
We're fishing at the club, but we're catching.
Nothing.
Nothing.
1035, 60 WQIM.
And don't forget to vote for Willie Nelson.
Willie Nelson.
Willie Logan.
I'll vote for Nelson with a bandana.
Willie Logan is a vote for Bill and Khan,
just like a vote for Ralph Nader's a vote for George W.
And this Nader thing is starting to get me really,
really pissed off.
Big article in the, which paper,
Harold today, Nader Canada, C.
Mitchell, he votes the boy in like half a dozen states,
Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan and Maine,
Oregon, Washington, six states.
That Nader could swing the balance because these people
out there, these tree huggers are just too
elaborate and too stupid to understand that a vote for Nader
is a vote for Bush.
Very, very tragic.
Very sad.
What's the point?
That's the obvious question.
What is the point being stubborn and often,
just like Nader himself?
Everybody he knows, every ally he's ever had the last 20
or 30 years since he was doing that thing with the Corvettes
and the fanbos has begged him to drop out.
Get out of here and don't spoil the election.
Oh no, I'm not going to do that.
I'm a big shot.
Yeah.
What do you say?
Here's a mobile in Halea.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Does the school have a chance in the election, you think?
What does that mean?
Is that a serious question?
Sure.
You have to ask me that because you have a chance
when the polls are within two points.
Is it two who's up, Bush?
Are you listening to the show?
Yeah.
You listen to the show?
Yeah.
Are you following along?
Are you following on the dotted line?
I have a bouncing ball.
Yeah.
OK, bounce this.
OK, here's our last call today.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
And Neil, this town is ready to commit suicide.
Now, first, the law goes down and now it's often lose.
So is this not a sports show?
I don't care.
I don't care.
Well, they're all going to go crazy.
Yeah.
You mean all these people that don't go to the games
in the first place are all going to go crazy?
OK, thank you so much.
That's the end of our call today.
Because the dolphins are a blow of huge lead
and lost the ballgame last night.
I'm not discussing that here today.
If you want to discuss that, go down
to the hiding right to the end of the dial, 2,500 on the A
and dial.
And I'm sure I'll be happy to take your call.
I'm not interested.
We've only got 20 hours of gnashing of teeth
and crying and moaning about that the rest of the day.
I'm not going to do that.
I didn't watch the last half.
And I'm proud I did.
I need my duty sleep.
OK, when he was ugly as I, I mean,
he oughta be the sleep he could get.
Don't help.
But at least you think it might help someday.
Can't hurt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
How's line 60?
Well, today, by the way, George, still not working.
Yeah, just press that up at the beginning.
Here we got these great numbers, George,
that have a healthy job at a summertime.
We can't get the powers that be in here to go to bat
for us and get the phone company here.
Get these phones on scramble.
How about line 5?
I'll think it.
It works.
I'll start a little bit funky this morning, isn't it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's one call at a time day today.
One at a time.
Now, we don't eat protein.
We don't want to talk about it.
I'm like, it's boy.
You know what?
Too bad.
Go sit there and cry in your beer.
Cry in your goddamn Heineken.
Over the fact, your team sucked in blue in the last
and the fourth quarter in the overtime
was left and blew a 500 point lead.
Performed in almost impossible tasks.
Let me just tell you this.
This should be your worst problem.
Like I told you guys yesterday,
the fact that it's often lost again last night.
This should be your worst problem.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
George, shut.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
It's a name.
Sounds like you.
Hi, sir.
OK.
You are the voice of sanity
when all was crazyness hit.
When the helliant thing was going on,
you were the other one that was the voice of sanity.
Yeah.
And now we got this election thing going on.
Yeah.
And again, the voice of sanity.
Yes.
And you know, I used to have to talk to the top again.
I used to, I don't want to get back to your dolphin game.
I don't want to talk about the dolphin game.
I would start making one comment.
Yeah.
I'm here.
I used to take self-self when I lose.
But now, if I watch the game last night,
it gets up to 130.
And when they lost, I just turned the dolphin to it.
How are they lost?
They said the end of the world.
And you're right.
When you said it, it got to the worst thing
that should happen to you.
So I think the problem with priorities in America,
things that are really important, things like hockey games,
nobody can, I mean, things like the election,
nobody cares about.
But stupid idiotic things like some dumb football game.
Oh my god.
What are we going to do?
And we're so embarrassed.
God, get alive.
We need to get some smart people holding up
or leave them inside.
I'll see it.
I found it.
Oh, you know, sometimes I'm glad you mentioned about the signs.
One of my neighbors are a couple blocks away.
I was doing my strawberry short car yesterday
going to the store.
One of my neighbors, you got a bush growing sign
and a lot of bush change sign and a lawn.
You know, you can get your car that
drove up on his lawn to the nice lawn.
You can be for whoever you want.
But why in the world, girls' name,
do you have to put it on your front lawn?
It's like a paper with a fish symbols on your car.
You can believe whatever it tells you about.
But why do you have to flaunt it and stick it in my face?
Yeah, I've been here the other day.
There was bush people on every corner,
we're even the sign, bush,
bush, you know, proposed in and everyone
was down the horn.
You know, I don't understand that.
I don't know.
I'm playing here the way I'm playing.
I'm learning.
Maybe it's like I'm holding up a sign saying,
look how stupid I am.
Oh, God.
That goes up for an idiot.
Hoseo, yeah.
OK.
Good luck to us, pal.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
Same goes.
Same new year.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Let's go.
Let's get some serious action here today
and get out of that deep funk.
OK.
So the goddamn team lost the ball game.
Who cares?
Life will go on.
They look pretty good for three quarters.
They look like world leaders.
So what's the problem?
So they kind of like pulled it up their tent and sucked.
Big deal.
Here's a mother in Washington.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Good morning.
I've been away for 11 years, OK?
I'm glad you're here.
I know.
That's how you feel.
I'm so happy.
You want to hear this?
I'll be like kidding back down here.
Thank you very much.
And it put us back days away.
It's all for a while over again.
Because 11 years I come back and what I hear the other day,
somebody calls you and asks you what Sandy takes you in.
Somebody's calling you.
And mentions Jerry Whitsner's that.
And then your management people are.
And the next day I know there's somebody
that I have to put out of Trans-Town and Pete Taylor.
That was yesterday.
We had that yesterday.
It's a broad, yeah.
Oh, you know, is this my second time work?
Yes.
And then if my work is.
I got it.
Now you're catching on.
That's the Jeff Fried to Bowling.
See, I don't wait for game again.
I mean, it's almost like maybe I should just go ahead
and got myself in a cocoon and I'm going to take home.
Is that politically correct?
And start, you know, start breathing maybe in about 50, 60
years from now.
But this is unbelievable.
And of course, the best part about all
though is the discussion of George and how
he screwed up the numbers.
But I've enjoyed that immensely.
George was number one in men.
That's our target demo.
OK, the number wasn't as big as it was before.
For what difference is it making?
It's like when in horse race, if you went by a nosy,
you went by 20 lengths.
It still pays off the window.
What difference does it make?
We're number one, David.
That's right.
And then of course, by accident,
it was another one of those horrible radio accidents.
Oh, no.
I hit 940 in the morning and who do I hear?
Ricking pun.
I see just gone change.
Unbelievable.
Damn it.
I wrote, but it's, I tell you what, it's wonderful to hear you.
And I'm just so thrilled to be back.
If there's any good news, I'll be back down here.
We start just to get the more registered.
I'll try to find money here.
That's right.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
I'll pay for you.
So Rick and Son T, you were supposed to be by accident,
and he said, well, that makes us feel like doing it.
5.670, 5.60, 0.560, 0.560 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
We're on the wrong side.
I'm going to be from there.
It's the erection, baby.
Yeah.
And the Jews are all worked up.
There's an interesting article about the Jews.
They're going to come out and vote for them
and vote because Lieberman's on a ticket,
but just as many Republicans are going to come out and vote
for Bush because they're Lieberman's on the Democratic
ticket.
So it's kind of like neutralizes itself.
They're going to avoid the right next to Yahoo's.
A lot of them might say home.
I think that's a good poll question.
I was going to ask that before.
Let's ask it today.
Would you vote for an African-American for president?
Yes, you know.
That's our poll question today.
Honest answers.
No beating around the bush, so to speak.
What do they vote for an African-American for president?
Yes or no?
Now, see, right away.
Oh, well, how about Colin Powell?
He's pretty light-complexed.
Now, we're not naming names.
So the addition to which that's your reasoning
like him is because he's not dark.
I'm talking about a real African-American.
I'm not like Malcolm on a young and a horny.
He's almost right.
Who would be a contender?
Not ridiculous people like Jesse Jackson.
Hello, Jay-C.
What from a real back from a football player?
Louis Ferracun.
What about Cuissey or in Fude?
In May, I was not.
He's not dark.
24-11 at 5-60 WQA.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
5-60.
Q.A.
Do you think that's a good idea?
Yeah, I'm talking dirty to me.
So it's what you get in the piece of sh**!
That's so it's what you get in the piece of sh**!
Yeah!
So it's what you forget in the piece of sh**!
So the union is a piece of sh**!
Oh, the rich oil press!
And the folks can't judge it.
But if one or two or all I can't pay money,
he's gon' give a crap about the people going hungry.
It's both confusing with the fact.
We can't find your machine, it's just disappear.
We're looking all over and it's still in here.
Hey, Judge E. Junior, did you let me go?
Are you afraid that we'll find out that you did well?
You were average-gallenge, Peter, talking party.
And you could pitch for possession of drugs.
But I'll pitch it right to you.
You could hire a judge to catch the man's leg
and then pitch for possession of drugs.
Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Oh, wow.
Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Oh, Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Judge E. Junior is a pizza-s**t.
Oh, wow.
10.45 at 5.60 W.Q.I.M.
The nose nose.
Here's some more quotes.
Thank you, Elliot.
We've had eight, a lot of these we've already had.
Here's some more direct quotes from George W.
He says, if we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
If Republicans, you know, he says Republicans understand
the importance of bondage between the mother and child.
Yeah.
Or, Joan Crawford used to tire kids up.
Mars is essentially in the same orbit.
Mars is somewhat the same distance from the Sun.
It's very important.
We've seen pictures where there are canals we believe in water.
If there is water, that means there is oxygen.
If oxygen, that means we can breathe.
The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history.
I mean, in the century, it says, but we all lived in the century.
I didn't live in the century.
The red quote, September 15, 1995, George W.
And on the coast.
Because basically, what he's always telling is the same message.
I'm going to go to the
next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
I'm going to go to the next floor.
The lower income opinion is being shown here.
The lower income opinion?
The lower income opinion?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
I would admit, huh?
Not because Mother Humber says them in there.
Oh, those are good.
There's many queen pies and chocolate cream pies.
Cane pies can.
No, more not a thing, but it's not if you're looking.
Mm, doesn't make you fat if nobody sees you.
Look at that.
That's correct.
That is absolutely correct.
The calories only count if somebody sees you in them.
That's what I would say.
Isn't working too good.
But they always have always felt that way.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Very important I believe.
The new Rolling Stone has Al Gore on the cuff.
Every unit is old news.
Old news.
The crowd.
It dissects every issue I believe that your young listeners ought to take a chance here
and give it a peruse.
Take a chance and check out his pants.
In so many words.
They are brushed.
Okay.
The bottom line is frightening just to talk to young people and see what their reaction
is and when they come back to you.
It's always been that way.
It's nothing.
We were the same way when we were that age.
Yeah.
They don't have a clue about anything.
Young people because of the fact education is so crappy in this country and nobody knows
nothing about civics.
They don't even know who the candidates are.
Right.
A guy on CNBC last night, professor with all kinds of Silicon Valley credentials, he was
saying functional literacy is at 22%.
It's probably double that.
50%.
It's 50%.
It's not working up with that number.
It's at least 50%.
And those are the people who are voting.
That's true.
I have a great question.
That is right.
That's why they like moving like that.
They like dumb.
They were doing dumb.
That's you working f and away.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18T and provides your wireless line.
Let's hear about it.
What's wrong with those dolphins?
Hey.
Oh, it's bigot with what's wrong.
I've got two faculty from ladies about the panties and about how they hate the BM and
TM boys like Persian.
And who the hell are they kidding?
Tomorrow night you got the New Jersey devil that defend a Stanley Cup champion who swept
the panties in the playoffs last year.
You'll recall.
I'm sure you'll recall.
They'll be here at the macro meeting tomorrow night.
That could be really, really ugly.
And I read with much amusement and interest.
They've Joseph of all people like the hockey column and so on, so this morning in which
TM says, but I don't think they've been saying damn thing.
Except they got a bunch of injured defense.
And of course, that's not excuse why they couldn't score even one goal against the
girls team.
They expect a Minnesota vile.
And then TM comes up with a great story about how when they play other teams, they play
better because we were so good last year.
So when they go into Montreal and then most of them said, and play the Canadians, they
have to pull up their jocks, strap a little bit tighter and play even that much better
against us because they want to be this because we were so good.
Have we played Montreal this year?
Oh, so what the hell is he talking about?
What is this man talking about?
See, these are the kind of incroherent ramblings you get from anybody who's about to get
canned.
The ramblings coming from TM.
He knows them well.
His ass is right on the line.
I probably his brother too, and your mama.
That's right.
I can't wait for the opportunity to play that song.
You know what's one of these?
Good night, Brian Murray.
Oh, get those buttons out again.
Yeah, but the youngsters in the organization aren't going to be something special this year
and how come there's all our empty seats?
1055 at 560 WQAM.
430-560 WQAM by Amy Port-Loggerdale, a beastly, bright, and good, stage hand WQAM.com
with a worse.
We have my Q on your, honey.
Even the problem is you're not talking to yourself.
You barely say two words to them and you call me.
One full hour of the hottest talk on radio.
The doctor is in.
Masterbake, okay?
Okay.
I masturbate and call me back in a couple of weeks.
Just observe this girl.
Hello, we're on you.
We're doctor Visco and I'm out.
Dr Visco?
Yes, yeah.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I'm bleeding.
She's all on this bleeding.
Sure.
And I'm not that kind of doctor.
Are you familiar with Dr. Dean?
Yes, you should be calling Dr. Dean a show.
We could help you out with that.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So do that.
Listen, while we're on hold, masturbate.
Okay.
All right, and doctor Visco, weekdays at noon.
It's 11 o'clock at 5'50 W.C.
And we got Hank and two.
We got Goldie on game night.
Oh, that's tomorrow night.
Hank is at flag rules.
I've known we got outbounding with Hank and four.
With Lamar Thomas at five, that should be a tear jerker.
And then we got Bruce R. at six.
World Series game number three.
Hank, he's in a vetsu, eight o'clock tonight.
Get that thing over with.
Here's a partial transcript.
Thank you, profusely, for fasting.
Mr. Me, whoever did.
Of the very front interview on Friday, CNN Crossfire.
Or is that as Bob Novak says,
Crossfire.
Bob Novak, Mr. Flint, never let it be said
that we sent to any of our guests here on Crossfire.
And you said you wanted to talk about the election.
Tell me what you wanted to say.
Flint, well, during the impeachment tobacco,
we did an investigation which resulted in the resignation
of Bob Livingston and others.
And we continued this investigation.
And for eight months, we were looking
into George W. Bush's background.
And we found out in the early 1970s,
he was involved in an abortion in Texas.
And I just think that it's sad,
the mainstream media who's aware of this story,
won't ask him that question
when the man asked him the drug question
without any proof at all.
And we've got all kinds of proof on this issue.
Novak, right here, Flint,
well, you know, the guy admitted he was drunk for 20 years.
And if the abortion issue was true,
then that puts him low on the morality scale
than Bill Clinton.
Novak, Mr. Flint, you said if it's true
and you have no proof of that,
I gather you a very strong Flint.
They help we don't have proof.
Novak, so I gather you a very strong growth supporter.
Is that correct?
Flint, I'll vote for the rest of the two
and you'll find all I can to one of them.
Bill Press, all right.
Larry Flint, the man in the species word,
but we remind you that these are Larry Flint's words
and not ours.
Running away, of course, from whatever might be out there.
Yeah, why don't we hear more about that?
And how come nobody is right?
See, they're so terrified to bring this crap up
about a man who's got a substance abuse problem?
Because even if the drug stuff isn't true,
he's an admitted alcoholic
and there's no such thing as an ex alcoholic.
I keep telling you that.
We don't wanna hear about it.
Okay.
Five, two calls on this board here today.
This continues being another one
of the worst weeks in our history of this show.
Two weeks before Election Day.
As I tried desperately to beat these people
over the head and knocks them God damn center them
and get them off their dead ass.
And not worry about whether Julie Lieberman is Jewish
or whether this one is grayish or whether
all this other stupid crap
or whether really Logan is black and the ace is spade.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 and 3
and Verizon Wireless Line.
And desperate.
Here's a mobile one over to Shelby.
Hello.
Hello, are you there?
Okay.
I don't live in a Shelby.
I just drive it through there.
Wow, I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah, me too.
It's pretty scary.
There's a lot of horns around here.
Right on the floor.
Neil, I was gonna tell you over in Tampa,
the bush supporters, they got this deal over there.
They drive around and pack the hunters.
With flags that keep their horn,
they weave it out of trap and wave the people over there.
Now what do you expect over there?
Well, again, you had a point there.
You know how I'm talking about it?
You always say down here about Tampa.
For example, yeah.
Well, I'm not a patient this year
and it was gonna get my vote.
That's your vote.
What?
You remember your vote for president?
No.
All right.
What does that mean?
Well, I remember he said that was a big thing.
They're back in 1974.
But what does that mean?
Well, why did you just say that?
What is the point?
What is it that I'm missing that I've been
that's invading me desperately?
Because he made more sense today.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60.
See what, what's with these people?
They're walking around on the loose.
They need to be institutionalized.
They need to be put away, especially to be from today.
They need to be locked in securely for 24 hours.
Stop talking double talk, stop talking crap.
Stop trying to be a little stupid,
a little intellectual jackass.
Well, I'm gonna vote for Gus Hall.
I know he's dead by that.
It's kind of funny.
I'll write him in.
You're dealing under when they came up
with that expression, the masses are asses.
Believe me when I tell you.
That's the American way.
Exactly.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wonder.
Has the World Wrestling Federation come out
with an endorsement yet on the presidential race?
Yes, you've been true.
Yes, you've been true.
That'll never work.
Here's Carl Gables, huh?
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm the guy who sent you that fact on the Larry Flander interview.
Thank you.
You know, they, I got that right after I saw the show.
It happened to me on.
It made the mistake of listening to it.
But they, I got the transcripts about 10 minutes after the show was over.
And about three hours later, it's gone.
That's the only archived show that they do not have on their database.
Funny like that.
Yeah.
It sounds like a same thing with Dan Krell in that pot connection in Texas,
the guy that was in the Ellen Texas,
that they shut up more and more do any interviews.
You bet. You've had locked them up.
Anyway, if you want to find out a little bit more about this,
there's a couple of websites, you know, you can go to to find out a little bit more
about that interview.
Yeah.
And they, I don't want to find out more about the interview.
I want to find out the information.
Forget the interview.
That's what I mean today.
And you can find out about the Bush campaigns effort
to try to shut CNN up about that and threatening a lawsuit if they have that transcripts up on their website.
Really?
Yeah.
How do you like that?
So you can find information about that at a couple of different sites.
One is GWBush.com.
And the other is sonofabush.com.
And I think someone mentioned to you a couple days ago about,
I know what you did in Texas.com.
Those are some great places to find out information about this.
Excellent.
And has passed drug addictions of visas, abortions, et cetera.
All this is overlooked by the Goody Tushu's crowd, the Appianis, the Historia crowd, the Monica crowd.
All of this is overlooked.
You know, we're going to bring us country back to morality.
We're going to bring it back to a decency, right?
Yeah, like Bob Livingston.
Oh, yeah.
And on your side.
Have other Bible writers.
Okay.
Thanks, again.
Take care.
5.670560, Palm 5.60 on the AT&T,
and provides a wireless line.
Are we getting a good example of what it's all about here today?
You bet.
More on this guy.
Here's some over in Weston.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, let's have a Neil for president.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm following a gorgeous blonde in a white, late model Corvette,
with a bumper sticker that says, if you can beat me, you can treat me.
Yeah.
I had to modify the last word, but you get the idea.
Wonder what a flat form is.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
30.
Over there for a model, there.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing this morning?
Same as usual, pal.
Yeah.
Wonderful.
A bunch of them.
On the couple of months, a little on.
Yeah.
And then we're trying to follow this selection here.
And number one, you know, everybody
keeps talking about all things that George Bush has done in his past.
And like the abortion that he just mentioned,
and then the drugs and the alcohol.
How can the Democrats don't come forward with this stuff?
I mean, if they can play a court and choose
off of a dress from years ago, why can't there's
any information on George Bush?
Not to say call the fighter or to bring things to the fore.
To put all of this in for the phony that he is,
is what you're trying to say and beats now out of me.
I'm a man for that.
And my other question is, with the debate,
they were discussing.
It was the same thing over and over.
And boring questions on the same boring answers.
Just like Dan Wather said, just like a reading off a cute car.
It's same tired, repeated crap, always going over again.
Not to mention the horrendous job that Jim Lerid did.
Oh, absolutely.
I know he was worse than both of them put together.
So, you know, I just got to do the best I can.
I'll put it three or four times.
OK.
Soculator.
5.670560, pumps.
He must have wrote out a post today.
Yeah, he must have wrote out of the heavy stuff.
Can he for him?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you, you've got a crew today.
Listen, how long do you think these moans that are
going to vote for Bush are going to realize?
Well, how long is it going to take after he's elected,
which I'm really afraid it's going to happen?
Are they going to realize that he's going to screw things up?
How many years are going to take?
Four years or eight years of a Bush administration
before the budget goes and everything goes.
They're not going to understand.
Just like Reagan with the triple bound.
If Reagan remembered where he was,
he could come back and want again now.
And they put him back into again.
Exactly.
In spite of the triple bound and the recession
and the gigantic deficit and all of those things,
they're in the personality.
That's all.
They just don't like war.
That's what a poor thing is.
I hate to be a cynic, but I'll tell you,
these people are going to get what they deserve.
OK.
Let me go, friends.
OK.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Floridians don't have dirt.
I've got to be out of six, six, six, seven,
for the theater, and not yet y'all to be called.
And I'll pass it down to me when they do the best I know
of y'all.
Swipe like this.
Stopping the motoring room back on my back.
That's all.
They didn't go to an accent when they knew that friend of yours.
You'll be able to pick up a lot of things.
See some of the kind of money you will pay.
Like this?
Yes, she.
Stopped up here.
Stopped up there for the sample.
Just like yours.
You think you'll lose any?
It's really good that friend of yours.
1113 at 560, WDQ at Miguel is at the QA and Vand 111
from now into the one I guess at Pac-Mail right next to Windows
you in that Pillar of Clearing Plantation
with the best in the LCDs and cassettes and keychains
and t-shirts.
Here's the facts from Jonathan who says I'm
going to thank you for reading our facts on the other
responses overwhelming.
See the response off the air is always overwhelming.
What we give him a phone here is just a bunch of morons,
generally.
But off the air we can make something happen, which is what
the bush people are afraid of.
Just like what we did when they last July when I had
at Penny Sales thanks that Mayor Upingup Hakenia tried
to pull the wall over to public on.
Remember those days?
I sure do.
It says over 250 people have joined the Internet War.
CNN, Gallup, and ABC were being bombarded on a daily basis
by the Republican propaganda.
And we're affecting their numbers.
We have a one-to-war, but we've
engaged them and begun to fight.
He points out that in 1996, 5% of Cubans were registered
as Democrats in Health Hand Aid County Bill Clinton.
In 2000, number grew to 8% and made this
Health Hand Aid County to Al Gore.
Also, there are a lot of people out there who want
Gore bumper stickers.
They can call 305, 438, 1483 to get the address of the
office in the USM.
They can pick up their bumper stickers, pins, signs,
et cetera, 305, 438, 1483.
OK, Jonathan, we're doing the best we can here.
Even though we've got a bunch of bozos out there.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless
Line.
Leigh-Nian Pompey, Chalo.
Yes, ma'am.
I have a couple's comments.
First of all, regarding Bush's so-called former
Dragon Alphahole youth, I worked in the criminal justice
system and supervised Dragon Alphahole offenders.
And let me tell you, the rate of recidivism is wildly high.
They are the most charming, most untrustworthy group of
people in general.
When they had the first debate, everybody was whining
about Gordon's sign.
Nobody picked up on Bush's sniffling.
Right.
What was that?
I don't believe her.
Well, some of them came up with some of the stuff that
they had a head call, but the fact is in the 30 debate,
which was two weeks later, he still was sniffling and
snorting, and we don't have a call at that point.
Yeah, well, which brings me to my second comment.
So we're doing it.
Does it seem to you that the mainstream press is in collusion
with the Bush campaign?
I wouldn't say collusion, but it seems to me that all the
big money interests are desperate to get Bush in.
There's no question about that.
How come the CNN especially, see CNN has been hyperventilating
with the...
The MSNBC is being popular.
No, MSNBC has been pretty fair, but CNN has been
vending over back with their Jala pole and Bill Snyder and Jeff
Greenfield, all these other...
I mean, Greenfield came on after the first debate, which
everybody in America basically, every poll that they took
said, go one at one by Big Margin and Greenfield came on,
was raving about how great Bush looked.
There was a website for women to make comments.
Yeah.
And several people had commented, yeah, Bush won the debate
until somebody picked up that all of these comments saying
Bush once had been logged in before the debate.
Right, that's right.
Well, that's...
I have a really planned...
That goes back to what I just said here about how they've been
loading up on all the polls on the Internet.
Yeah, well, keep talking.
And see if you can get some more democratic supporters on the...
Okay.
People like Molly Evans from Texas really tell it like it is.
Okay.
Thanks.
See, there's a lady who's got her head down straight, as
opposed to worried about some stupid ballgame or making a
bunch of guttable sounds or worrying about the WWF or some
other crap or thinking that she's amusing and funny, which
most of you are not.
See, that's all I'm ever asked is that people take maybe
like one percent of their time and a resistance in their
brain power and put that in, and gene to something positive.
Well, most of them do it.
No, no, this is all a waste of time and they all suck it.
Well, you know, they all do suck, but it's a matter of who sucks the
less.
Who's going to do the most damage?
That's the point.
Who's going to do the most damage?
Not just the next four years, but the next 30 and 40 and 50 years
by putting a whole bunch of right-wing fascist judges to take
right away from women and everybody else.
Oh, no, we can't be worried about that.
I just don't understand people.
How...
I guess when you're poorly educated, you're
named stupid most of your life.
Isn't that what it is?
They say they can't treat old dogs, new tricks.
I guess that's what a boy is bound to.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you what's happening is that the media is pretty much,
you know, think of last eight years covering for somebody and being
made a fool of by administration, set one thing.
The exact opposite of what's going on.
They've been covering for somebody, meaning like the way that they
savage Clinton from the minute he got into office in the way that
they covered penis gate around the clock.
No, they, they, you know, but they, he would tell him one thing.
They'd print it and then you'd find out the exact opposite was the
truth. So then they had to go back to retract their story.
You know, the algorithm has been caught in three or four different lives
on the stuff so far.
Yeah, but I, you know, I thought, you know,
and of course you're a little chasm.
Well, I'm not saying you can know what?
Like how he worked at a lot, how he did that great time by
partisan thing with the Democrats in Texas to support and get past
the patient's filler rights, which is a total lie.
That's one of one.
There's, there's 2000 people coming across the border every day in
Texas and they all get help here.
It's amazing how they even do that.
That blows me away.
But what does that have to do with whether Bush lie or not?
What do you mean he lied about the patients, Bill,
rights of working in a bipartisan way?
He was again, he'd vetoed it the first time and then when they had
enough votes over, why does he do we let it go into law, but I would
without signing it.
I don't know.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
He didn't beat us.
No, wait a minute.
We can't confuse this man with a fact.
I don't know.
Grow his alive and you see the media had done an affected job of brain
washing every time.
Grow far since it doesn't smell the right flavor.
Oh my God.
Look at that.
He said it was going to be, it was going to be blueberry to turn
out to be some other flavor.
I just got to telling you one fact, just about one.
And you notice the Bush people don't confuse them with the drug
abuse or the stuff that the alcoholism or any of the other things
that may or may not be coming up because they don't care.
If it comes to find out that he rates 50 women and they had 50
abortions, it still won't make any difference.
Because where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
It's like it's like a sponge made out of brick.
It's absorbing nothing.
I don't know.
No, you don't know.
At least he gave us one understanding that you don't know.
Well, do some reading.
Go on the internet.
Watch a guy named TV.
She'll be size God.
They're Bob Novak.
And maybe you might find something out.
Makes me sick to my stomach.
Neither one of them is surprised.
That's the best thing I can say about both of them.
But my God, Gory is as bad as he is and as boring as he is.
That is as poor as politicians.
He's turning out the day light years ahead of the other Bozo.
It's like we said about those little burgers.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello.
Hey, oh, yes, sir.
What about you know, we've had a long history of this Bush man.
There's pop a bush.
I mean, we'll just be in base.
Pan off because manwell's got naked pictures.
I mean, with a certain on bail to go.
They want to change the complexion of the Panama Canal.
Right.
I mean, they.
Yeah.
And what's the point?
What is the point?
Well, the point is that we could have the whole family has got a long history of
of manipulating the media and manipulating SNLs, right?
Like Neil Bush and Jed.
So, I mean, we need to need jab and and towards P and George Doug and all the rest of this
get out of here.
OK, we'll put them on a guy to have been animal and send to a nigga.
I don't know what the hell was that?
Oh, I don't know.
Somebody bowling in a hallway here.
Listen to that.
Oh, a tent in a little high.
If it was good enough for Rick Weaver, it's good enough for me.
Bowling on the radio.
That's what I'm going to do for next two weeks instead of talking about this stuff
that nobody cares about.
Let's talk.
Let's do some play by play bowling.
We got Eddie Koalex against the sermon Gibson.
The great left-handed, the sermon Gibson, he's dead, but he just came back for this match.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil, how you doing?
OK.
You just talked, I mentioned about the the Supreme Court justices.
Yes.
The seats that are up for appointment.
But I personally, I think that's the top of the order of issues in this election.
What do you think is the main issue that we should be looking at between Boer and Bush?
The most important thing is the main issue right there.
That's the most important thing.
You have to think that's the longest lasting thing.
Like I said before, that has impact for 30 or 40 or 50 or 60 years.
Yeah, because when they appoint those justices, they're going to be able to change a lot of
while considering how many you say three or four they're going to be able to appoint.
And the Supreme Court justices are there for life.
Oh, I don't know until they decide to retire, which I want to hold one should.
And you're a fat you fat.
OK, great.
5.6705.60.
We'll see that in the regulatory.
You have to come up with it at the end of the call.
I still haven't forgotten it from the last time.
You know, I'm letting it out.
That's an hour later.
I'm still a fat you fat.
At least I'm consistent.
That's good.
5.6705.60.
Now there is something to be said for consistency.
I can't.
He's still an asshole.
Here's a mobile in time of time.
Hello?
You want Brown or Nader for president Neil?
A bigger part.
Brown or Nader?
What about you, sir?
I'm a libertarian.
Yeah.
I think they got a good shot in the election.
They got a good shot at what?
Winning it.
Winning the election.
OK, listen, hang on right now.
We'll call social service and get some help over there in about half an hour.
Don't go anywhere.
5.6705.60.
I think he likes it, Brown.
It's count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Western.
Hello?
Neil, I can't believe the drop of simple and idiots out there who can afford mobile phones
and have been polluting the airway with this puke for 25 years.
I've been listening to this draft.
We've been looking at idiots president because this guy gets a freaking idiot.
I don't know how you can watch it if they have a phone.
And then the freaking focus is that all of these networks have got CNBC including 30 people
in Michigan and ABC with 10 in Ohio.
And this guy, those are the people you've just been listening to for last hour and 25 minutes.
More on.
Well, at any percentage of what we've had here today, more on this.
He's unbelievable.
I mean, a growth, a character, I'm out of big fight at Buffalo, but help.
Buffalo's maybe economy churns and everybody's done well the last eight years.
But, it was a lot better qualified than the green kid wants to be president.
And I don't know what the hell it is.
I mean, the gas of being on better than the other guy.
The other guy disappeared in the back of the...
Okay, calm down.
You can load the two of stirr.
Okay.
I don't want to get my pressure up.
It's not worth it.
See, if it was back with the Cubans again and alien, you people's day after day, month after month,
week after week for months and months and months, we had no shortage of calls.
Used to come in and sit down every morning.
All I'd have to do was say, hello, are we been there?
And that's because the people in this town and the people are most of this country,
but I live here so I can only judge, but I've gone through 25 years here.
You've got your priorities all screwed up.
The thing that gets you most emotional in hysterical boils down to one word.
Hey, that's what it is.
Hey, that's the only thing that sells in this town is frickin' hate.
And just like I said the other day, if we wander city and talk about Cubans every day,
for next to five years, we get a 90's share.
Oh, there are a bunch of, no good God damn guia, bearer, wearin', bean eaten, whatever.
That's all this town's all about is hate.
That's why, and you can't complain about the activism, there isn't any.
That's why Ken Jenny gets 68% of the vote up there.
And the young people are belly-ick at about she's, we have no constituency,
they're taking all our rights away.
Well, that's because you know vote.
And the same thing in Dave County, Mayor Pingo Puccini,
a national embarrassment, it gets on national TV.
And they statements that are so obnoxious and unacceptable that anybody ought to be embarrassed,
including his relatives, and he gets put back in and get a lot of even a runoff.
Why do we gotta do, me? Why do we gotta do?
Maybe we gotta goddamn brain, maybe that's what you need to do.
Get an implant.
They have all these other implant things that they're doing, all those cosmetic surgeries.
How about a brain implant?
Then we can get a factory moved in here.
To a land office business, I guarantee you that.
There's a lot of openings.
26 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
The Neil Roger Show, New Sports Radio, 560.
QA.
Hi, this is Randy West, and they don't come any better than me, more than Neil Roger.
No, from Washington, the McLaughlin group featuring Eleanor Cliffs, Jack Jamon,
and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Now, here's John McLaughlin.
If you want George W. rings or vaults, Eleanor Cliffs.
Well, John, I'd like to say.
Wrong! Jack Jamon!
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong! Tiki Barber!
I'm gonna have to say to both wrong.
Actual answer, law exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue. Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bring in the noise, bring in the funk or cact.
Eleanor, do you have to get swallowed off?
Well, John, I'd have to say.
Wrong! Jackie, Jackie, think you're wrong.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong! Tiki Barber.
I'm gonna have to say, right.
Not a choice, witty Tiki Barber.
You gave it a chance and I wasn't a choice.
Wrong!
Correctly fond.
Cact. He loves them.
Next issue.
The cast of Big Brother should be murdered.
How?
Eleanor.
Wrong! Jack Jamon!
Dynamite.
Wrong! Tiki Barber.
I don't think they should be cute.
Wrong! Actual answer, poison pudding.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
1131 at 560, QM, and some of Gellars Jones in for some pre-bagels
from Einstein Brothers Bagels.
If you're listening over at Einstein Brothers, if there's anybody over there, go into Einstein
to get some pre-bagels from Gellars Jones.
He's in the QM van from 9 o'clock.
At Pac-Me, next to the Windissian, I'm not a pale and tree-bullabart in plantation with our best out for plant parenthood,
best in eel CDs and cassettes,
pea shirts,
and of course,
sea change.
560560, I don't like this pool today because it's already, you know, I don't believe it anyway.
Would you vote for an African-American for present?
61 yes, 36 no, out of 97 votes.
Do I believe it?
No.
Now they're sandwiched politically correct.
See, almost everybody says they're politically correcting, even if it's only on a pool.
But when push comes to shove and they go and add voting place and privacy, you know what I'm talking about?
Just like the Jew Lieberman factor.
You wait for all the anti-Semites to come out of the world, but what we're concluding those people
may not be all anti-Semitic, just don't like his fanaticism.
Just don't like the fact that he's got a Mizzouza under each armpit.
I was thinking if Jew Lieberman ever walked in here while we were on the ear, you know,
he's been coming down here a lot, trying to woo the human voters and who are anti-old Jews and the condos.
If he ever walked in here, I'd pull that old crucifix out.
Yeah, works for Dracula.
Hey, hey, hey, I'm leaving now.
Yeah, he's going to get the hell out of here fast.
Mr. Mizzouza heads.
Hey, that's a great idea.
If they don't want any election, we can make some big money for next time.
You know Mr. Potato Head.
How about Mr. Mizzouza head?
It's a little Mizzouza in the head.
It's got a figure of your Jew Lieberman.
I'm not attached to PAS.
It's attached to PAS.
And then you can torture it with the fillin.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Mia.
Yes, sir.
First of all, the most important thing to me is the tax cut.
My believe is going to come back to action.
Uh-huh.
Some get to see it in most of your collars.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I don't get to an extra thousand, couple of thousand years, I can make a difference.
You know, there's nothing that matters to you.
Make a difference in what?
Happy money gets taken off.
And taxes still live with their lives.
Make a difference in what?
I got paid more than half of my money all the way around.
Well, that's fine.
That's fine.
I don't want some money back.
I don't want my money growing some little uh-social causes in uh-
Little social causes.
And uh-huh.
And uh-huh.
And uh-huh.
And uh-huh.
And uh-huh.
And uh-huh.
And uh-huh.
Selfish people, all they think is they're going to get taxed, so we can't go to get nothing.
And number two, he don't want his money going to all these.
Because he's just about being asshole is what he is.
Why don't you just say that in the beginning and save us all that trouble.
And don't worry about how much I'm making.
And it's obvious from your call to see why you're making what you're making and belly-ish and about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, this is a- this is no thousand of church.
You know, but you're going to win.
Yeah.
And let you know that.
Yeah.
And we're against the force because it's wrong.
The Bible says so.
But the word is the Bible say abortion is wrong.
What does it say?
You should not-
Is it murder?
Was that the same God that kept- God kept him to do is to kill all their enemies?
Is that the same God that said abortion you shouldn't commit murder?
And we-
I knew it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos Lines.
Thank you for your continued support of the near larger show.
He's still with us.
Oh yeah.
And that's in too.
That's the-
There's no fact in the church.
Guy.
Here's a mobile in Neuramar.
Hello.
Hey, Elk.
Where are you going?
Okay.
I just want to say I'm going for out of the world out.
9, 12 times somewhere around there.
Yeah.
And I think the reason I am is it comes down to dedication.
And I think Al Gore and a lot more dedication to doing the right things, doing a good job.
And he's shown that through the years with his work as a senator and his work as a vice president.
But he's going to do things like clean up the environment and try and better self-security and healthcare and things like that.
And I think that's what it boils down to.
It was the George Bush.
He don't give a damn.
He just wants to be the president because his dad, he was the president and whatnot and things like that.
It's not to be the president because the alter-rich, the oil companies, the tobacco companies, the pharmaceutical companies.
All the people in big business have named him to be the heir apparent.
That's why he wants to be president.
Well, it's a face man.
It also just seems to me like George Bush has had everything handed to him.
So he never had the work for any.
Right.
You know, while Al Gore, I'm sure he's had the work, you know, to become a senator, become vice president.
And especially with the president like Bill Clinton, who at the beginning was kind of a little bit shady because of his past and his dinner for flowers and all that Vs.
And so it was kind of hard.
So Al Gore really had to work hard.
I think that shows that Al Gore is going to be a good president when he's elected.
Okay.
Voter on your own.
We know five, six, seven, oh five.
No, you see it's mandatory by the time they get to the end of the call.
I have to say that.
Your facts, you fact.
Here's a mobile and pop it.
Oh, be chill.
Hey, don't know.
Okay.
I totally agree with you on that.
Going back to the point you made earlier that Terry Murray's lame excuse as to why the panthers are doing crappy.
So the teams are going to give me a break.
We're talking about teams that they haven't even played yet and excuses about how well we got a world class player and therefore yada yada.
That's the lamest crap I've ever heard in my life.
It was I read that this morning and I could.
I mean, they just got you with a scroll as high against the worst team in the league.
And as this uses well, they played their best because they were they were so terrified of us.
And they should both be fired because they did not address the main problem on the team is that they have nobody at the blue line that could pass it to the forward.
And you see that problem and it's so significant right now.
That's just the question nobody has the blue line to pass to the forwards.
The fact is that they don't have to with the guys who can score.
He's destroyed Victor Coslo's confidence.
He's taking a guy who had a break break out year last year and destroyed his confidence.
And he keeps putting these ridiculous lines together.
This man just can't cut it.
There's no question about that.
He isn't on that.
Should have never taken Victor Coslo off the top.
That is absolutely correct.
And deal getting Larry on off was one of the most stupid moves.
They let Brewery talk him into that.
They get Larry on off.
They get a 90 year old man to put out.
They will play like a 200 year old man and shoot up the whole chemistry on the team.
He's giving up a lot of turnovers.
And the other problem is the fact that other teams like Caroline are able to get close to lunch and that.
Just thinking Islanders are able to get Roman Hamrelick.
He sometimes and there and all they get is Larry on on.
But that's absolutely incredible.
I think what we need to do is call it when Jersey's here tomorrow night, Tom will make a trade.
They won't even have to change the name on the uniform.
Since they can't sign Scott and you tomorrow, we'll take him and give him the brother a no way to charge.
All right. And the two Murray.
There you go.
Package deals.
Good idea.
He's the new president.
The panthers.
Well, maybe the country sounds pretty articulate to me, especially compared to what we've been talking to do today.
22 before noon at 560 WQAM 567 O560.
You see anybody out of the age of 50 now, especially young guys when you call in the show just to make sure in case any of your friends are listening or they recognize your voice.
At the end of the call, you have to say a new effect.
Just so you get yourself off the hook.
Otherwise, they might think you really like the show.
Portrait you 560 WQAM by Andy Port Lauderdale of Beasley Broadcast Group Station.
Ooh, trusty mad.
Or the world.
What was that Jennifer?
Ooh, trusty mad.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I don't know where they're bound now.
Why did you voice these or their big nose?
Could be hot.
High little.
Never.
I'm a little.
They just rub me the wrong way.
And my sandwich is a lips and every speech I love regains it's in the news.
Callery hates you.
You won't catch your life in a month or a-
Gachi Mustafa wonderful or-
One two things I want to find you could use a good rap line.
It sends a news.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It sends a news.
I hate to break the news to Karen who just facts me all kinds of information about somebody maybe
or a husband or a summer lived or whatever or some friend who was working at the fan and
was check bouncing me to a replacement check and went to the wage and I were to visit
any way to product and fact is me pages and pages and pages and pages and stuff.
Too bad.
Nothing we can do about it sweetheart.
That's what happens when you work for a radio station that has no audience.
In addition to which we can't be worried about their people getting paid, we have an
upstabble around here making sure that everybody gets paid.
I was going to say on time, but of course around here that would be a silly thing to say with a B-lease.
5 6 7 0 5 60 we better change this pull question.
This one is boring to me.
I don't like boring shows.
I don't like boring pull questions and I certainly don't like boring calls which we've had many many of
today.
Terminal in ponderous.
In this boring boring-ass place.
I was going to ask a pull question about what station they watch for news but after listening to these people.
I'm not talking about local station they're talking about which network.
I'll go ahead and ask it anyway.
Here's the new puller.
Which network do you watch most often for news?
CBS, CNN, NBC, ABC, Fox, PBS, MSNBC or rarely or never watch news?
Which I'm sure I can imagine how many of them we're going to get to those from the crowd we've had here today.
What I mean.
Which network do you watch most often for news?
CBS, CNN, NBC, that's the one with the apicock, ABC, Fox, that's the one with the swastik in the bottom right hand corner.
PBS, MSNBC or rarely or never watch the news.
75 to 48 said yes they would vote for an African American president.
I think about 70 to 75 lied to their teeth.
Here's a mobile and fort-letter.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi.
This is Jesus Christ.
I'm a little nervous for a time call.
Well I thought you would do Jesus Christ.
I hope you're being healed up okay?
Listen, I am a recovering drug addict.
And what that lady said before is absolutely correct.
A woman, a woman, a manipulative and...
I would never trust anybody.
I know a lot of people that are being cleaned for a long time.
There's no way that I would trust them with the presidency.
Anyway, lately I've been in...
I can't even talk.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Well, just pray to Jesus.
12 steps.
Just work on number 11.
I think you'll be okay.
56705, 505, 60, on the AT&T.
This should be shocking but when you hear these calls,
you think they were talking a lot of bozos but you have to shift
through a lot of crap to get something that makes an impact.
And when you hear these people, I don't know.
But it doesn't make any difference what you tell them because in their eyes
he's the tepha on man.
He's promising them money.
He's going to give them something for nothing which most of them
aren't going to get in the first place but that sounds good to them.
So they don't care how many drugs he did, how much of a booze he consumed,
how much of a dangerous alcoholic he may be, how much he can make crumble under pressure,
how dumb he may be, they don't care about anything.
He's just offering them something for nothing and that sounds good to them because the bottom line is their selfish.
Ignorant and selfish.
Which go hand in hand.
Aren't you, aren't you anxious to get that tax cut you make all that money?
No. No.
Here's a mobile in Evan's here, how long?
Anya.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
You got a caller like couple call the girl.
He make me sick to my stomach.
Which one was all you?
When he told you regarding he's going to vote for Bush because of the tax cut.
He doesn't want his money to go to those people.
Yeah, plant care and hood and all those, they basically.
I mean, this doesn't show you that the caller usually they kind of, the voters they usually go with their candidates when they believe their view.
I mean, this guy, he is shown as the typical Bush and what his Bush is about.
They're for all for their very selfish, the only thing they look for themself.
And I don't think this man should be a president for the whole country.
Oh my God.
I don't have to worry about that.
He's elected. He won't be a president for the whole country.
You don't have to worry about that.
Well, let's be a president for their right wing and the rich.
He's so far, I think we've spoken up.
And we're going to win this one.
We're going to win.
Okay.
Thank you Neil.
Okay, she's there.
We're going to win baby.
And ain't going to be easy, but we're going to win.
And of course, you can get the native crowd off their cloud and stop acting like I'm going to get you more on and bring it back to reality.
If they do an effective job of that next two weeks, you think they're going to do an effective job.
Oh, not so far.
Although he was mumbling about it on the plane the other day on the campaign trail.
Albert, he was mumbling about well, a vote for, I don't want to say that a vote for natives or a voice, but of course it is.
But I don't want to say it.
Well, why not come out and say it?
Huh?
Quit being so thin and quit beating around the old tree.
Here's a mobile and dear field beach.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
How are you today?
I'm doing good.
Yeah, I hear that.
Interesting calls to them.
Oh, the call stuff, but I'm doing very well.
I'm doing fine.
My hand feels great.
Get my back back into one piece.
I just had an interesting conversation about my expectations.
I'm going to talk about what you've been saying.
We're talking about the election.
He says, your guy, I was just talking to say he's not going to vote.
And then he says to me, I can't believe one of these guys might be president.
I says, wake up and smell a rose.
There's one of them.
We'll be president.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
Well, I'm going to vote for Gordon.
I'm also going to get all my dead relatives.
Okay.
I think he had it right the first time.
Bore.
I think there was a Freudian slip.
He said he's going to vote for Bore.
What's wrong with Al Bore?
We'd rather have boring than dangerous.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
See all these weeks that this diet tribe and dialogue has been going on.
I've only had one honest, bush person called.
I never forgot to call yesterday.
He said he's voting for Bush because he's a lifelong Republican.
And I said in other words, no matter who they put up, if it was in chimpanzee, he'd vote for it.
And he said, yeah.
And I respect that.
At least he's honest.
I mean, I like it.
But at least he's being honest.
Instead of all these damn excuses, these people coming up with this ridiculous embarrassing crap.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello?
Yeah, the bush position on taxes has made tax cuts in centerpiece of this campaign.
Yeah.
He pledges the veto and increase in corporate or personal tax.
Yeah, read my lips, yeah.
Sure, plus is not the problem.
Haven't we ever met before?
It's the term.
Are you reading this from?
Are you reading it from which cheek?
Let's go.
560, 0560, 0560.
And by the way, you're a fast bag.
Well, I thought I'd get it in because I didn't leave my long enough.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, you want to hear something scary?
Yeah.
Something real.
I already have for two hours.
No, if you believe to talk again.
Yeah.
The undecided vote is supposed to elect the president.
Have you seen what the undecided vote looks like?
They look like they're in bridge.
They don't read newspapers.
They don't watch the news.
They know nothing.
These are the people you're listening to today.
They're 90% of the people who are calling me today.
That's them.
I mean, is that scary that these people are just the size of?
Why do you keep saying it's scary?
This is nothing new.
It's always been this way.
The American people are uneducated.
And that's just the way it is.
That's our system.
They like keeping the public dumb.
Yeah, but dumb and ignorant is a different story.
These people are ignorant.
Yeah.
And they're going to tell us who's going to be president.
Ian?
Take a passport, ready?
Okay.
I'm excluding it right now.
Don't worry about that.
I always have a coast of my part.
Which network do you watch most often for news?
MSNBC is tied with CNN, NBC, ABC.
Oh, God, I remember it's got three so far.
And tied with rarely or never watched the news.
Oh.
Woo.
Now what does he watch in the WDWF?
Now we turn over to a mocked real world on MMTV.
Now I got news for you.
You're busy watching the Unreal World.
That's what you're watching.
The Unreal World.
Until Crystal, she doesn't have to worry about the rest of the world thinking we're a bunch of morons over here if we like Bush.
They're already under it.
Believe me, during my travels I've discovered they've been under it for a long time.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm not a recovering drug addict.
I'm just in denial.
But in response to one of your callers, these pun-wacking, selfish, faggiest bastards,
the thing they're getting a tax rebate from this person Bush, I've got news for him.
You know what social programs and wealth they're all about?
It keeps people from robbing his house.
But if there's no social programs and no wealth there, all these people look forward to the cracks and fall over.
We'll come to where the money is made.
It's at your house, with your food, and your wife.
So without social programs, without all this wonderful democracy,
you're going to get nothing but a problem.
You should vote for social programs.
Yeah, but don't worry about that because George will just have them all executed.
Thank you, welcome Neil.
Okay, tell me how.
Tata.
Cheers.
56670560.560 on the AT&T or Tom Dick will say, she is.
You think Tom's going to write anything about the book now that we went down?
See, the big story is that George is still number one and maintained the number one rating of this size rated show
in the market and the radio station.
Can't stand over when I should mention that because I'll be upset if I don't mention he had a pretty good book in the summer.
Since nobody asked about that, he went up a little bit.
You were pretty good.
So what did they got a great show since he stopped making up those stories about me running it and me at the shopping mall or whatever.
Look, people, how are people wearing their dress?
No, no.
No.
How are people don't go to that show?
They went somewhere.
No, they did not.
They went into diaries that didn't get to the...
In other words, you really put them in the house and went down to the mall.
Based on what?
Nothing.
Based on a bad example.
They were not on a bad demographic sampling by Arbor Tron again, which happens every now and end because they don't know how to sample this market.
And they never have been able to sample the market.
We still thank you very much for making this number one new day and then, and getting us that bonus, we thank you, Arbor Tron.
But you still suck.
Even with my success over the years, I know you people suck.
I know you're waiting these things.
It's just like the guy named Gallup Paul.
You know, they find they take a sample of 100 people.
They take 80 Republicans, 10 independents, five Democrats, and five who've never heard of either candidates.
And then they take a poll.
So who you're going to vote for?
Oh, Bush is 40 points ahead.
We can't figure that out.
And then all of a sudden, yesterday's only two points ahead.
How do you figure that out, CNN?
You great robbers?
Oh, see, this is all bogus today.
This is all just bogus on our poll.
Here's a mobile in the Weston.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think, I don't know if anybody mentioned, but, uh, D'Lederman had Bush on and George W. that is.
And the next night, he had an outtake as well.
They're doing a commercial break and they're all doing that production stuff around his death.
And Bush was sitting at the chair right next to him.
Yeah.
He takes his glasses off.
Yeah.
And he takes his glasses off and cleans them on a lady's dress unknowingly.
Well, I didn't know it was going on, but he just takes his glasses off and starts cleaning them on somebody else's dress.
Yeah.
I thought that was pretty funny.
This is going to be your, you know, supposedly maybe next person.
Hope not.
Well, that's what they do with the Bobbacus.
You know, I think they should, the Democrats, take that video and, uh, and use it in the advertiser thing.
This could be your next president.
Okay.
No class.
And have a great day.
See, now look at this.
I wish you could take a look at the computer we have in here now because somebody's obviously got a hold of our thing here now.
So CBS has got one, which is what I watch and everything else has got 23.
All the other choices have 23.
Is that spelled out of point?
Yeah.
Told you.
Long time ago.
Remember I said, although I didn't think it was somebody.
I didn't have it.
Never like this.
Never like that.
This is magnificent.
Let's see how long it stays like that.
Five minutes till noon at 560 WQM.
430-560 WQAM by Emmy fourth letter to have a feasibly broadcast group station at WQAM.com or the one.
This is the show of the mangana.
What you are here.
This is the Cerebro.
Yes.
I have a question for you.
Two minutes till noon here at 560 WQM.
The hangover show from Flagler this afternoon 4 o'clock with Al Downing 5 o'clock with Lamar Thomas.
Lots of Alibos I'm sure for last night.
Six o'clock he got the blue steer 8 o'clock it's World Series game number three.
And like I said before, get that turkey over with already soon.
That's really blow.
Here's the fact that says it's unbelievable.
Last week at work I answered the phone.
It was a recording from JetBoaster.
Remember to get out and vote and make it a Republican vote.
How dare they call business with that crap writes this factor.
Yesterday I called the Gore-Lieberman local headquarters in plantation sunrise thinking I would volunteer for the next two weeks to get out to vote or bring people to the polls on the seventh.
They handed me a few bumper stickers and hardly had a moment for me.
There were selling buttons for two bucks.
Why?
Didn't they raise enough money to let us poor slots have a free button?
I left a little bit disappointed as I run campaigns in the past and welcome volunteers.
They were in the Mercedes building on Vowardia and University.
Their number is 3709210.
I hope they have a more positive attitude for the next potential supporter.
Why are they in office building instead of a more visible storefront and ask, go figure it says.
How do you like that?
When something promising does it?
No.
No.
Fine.
Okay, we got the new pool up there was Eric's fault.
That was Eric's fault.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Nobody's perfect.
Especially Eric.
He's a little fat.
Here's a mobile and fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Anyhow how you doing?
All right.
This is for that guy.
That bush guy.
I think she's going to save $2,000 in taxes.
What does he think?
All he needs to do is get on bushes with a tax calculator.
I'm 23 years old.
I'm going to make about $40,000.
I might save $600.
Making the government can keep that $600 to keep that jackass bush out of him.
Right.
That's all I got to say.
Oh God bless you sir.
We'll pray for us.
How do you like that?
They can take their $600 and...
Exactly.
There's a young man that's got his power he's straight now instead of some of his selfish jackasses.
Oh, I like the money.
I always make it what you was making.
I wouldn't care.
Guess what?
For that jackass that's called before he was referring to.
You ain't going to be making the money that I'm making.
If you're making $3 an hour, it's probably double what you're worth.
$5.670560.
$5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
As we're having another one of our usual intellectual conversations here.
Two weeks from today, a big major election.
Supreme Court justice is going to be appointed to maybe even for them for life.
We're going to decide the destiny of all kinds of people, millions of people in this country, including women.
Women are sitting back around their asses, I notice.
And how that margin can be narrowing beats the hell out of me.
And women are we supposed to believe those polls?
No.
I don't think so.
Don't forget Miguel is out there waiting on you.
Do we have an update on how much he's done?
No, lately.
Oh, I'll probably have brought him some bagels from Einstein.
Probably busy if.
Fill in his push.
Q&A will be there at 1 at the clock at Pac-Mail right next to Windixi Navhilar Clearing Plantation with our best of the OCDs, cassettes, keychains.
Say it again, keychains.
And T-shirts.
And if he doesn't have those bagels yet from Einstein, please somebody go in there and feed him his growing boy.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, hello.
I just want to see if I can challenge them.
Maybe you and your audience come up with one thing that the Clinton and Gord administration has done to help this economy.
And you can't say welfare reform or the budget deficit reduction because those are all Republican ideas.
Those are all Republican ideas like the fact we got the deficit in the first place from Reagan and the trickle down.
What do you talk about?
Neil, that was all defense related.
You know, the deficit was all battling communism.
No, sir.
It wasn't defense related.
It was a tax cut for the wealthy.
That's what it was just like this guy trying to do all over again.
I mean, let's get more leftist propaganda.
Yeah, okay, leftist propaganda.
That's where the $200 deficit came from after 12 years of Reagan and Bush is leftist propaganda.
We just made it up.
It's a figment of our imagination.
Usher, one of the most ignorant people I've ever encountered in my life.
And after listening to all these bozos today, that's covered a lot of territory.
No, the economy's in great shape just by accident.
That's all.
It's only by accident.
They just fell into a bucket of crap.
And you know something?
If that is that were the case, which of course it's not.
But if that were the case, if there were not so much crap, then why the hell would we want to get away from them?
It's like leaving.
It's like going to the track and a guy gives you winter in every race.
Why would you want to talk to anybody else even if he knows nothing?
It's just luck.
Maybe he's like Anne in the course of myth and what's her name?
Whitney.
Maybe he's just lucky.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm just lucky.
As opposed to Mowgreen, who was unlucky.
Remember that?
You think I'm skimming off the top?
No, I just think you were unlucky.
And that was even before he got into glasses redone.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
500.
500 bucks over there.
It's pretty weak.
We got to make 1,000 of it.
It's not even worth Miguel's trip.
It's not even worth a gas money.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, okay, good.
No, I think one of the big things in this election is the environment.
And I think people should be more aware of if you don't have a clean environment, then it's not good.
You mean like in Houston?
In business.
Well, that's one of the reasons why people need to start thinking, do I want to breathe clean air?
Do I want to clean water?
Or do I want to be like Texas?
And that pretty much says it all.
Okay.
God bless you.
I'll go 100 trees.
He's absolutely correct.
And like Goura says, you know, the one thing that he used to be not done is he's a tree hunter.
And too much for the environmentalist and too much against big business.
And now, the nature is coming around saying, oh well, if you think he's good for the environment, just take a look at me and my guide.
Green party.
We believe green were so green.
We got grass growing out of our ass.
Yeah, Ralph.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Here's a mobile in higher India.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I want to respond to what I call it instead of propaganda.
Big business is all behind George Bush.
I mean, we talk about fucking the propaganda machine.
That's what we hear on TV 247 about George Bush, this and George Bush, that.
And quite frankly, I love it enough.
I mean, we don't got to look too far to see what exactly the facts are.
And that seems to be the big problem.
Everybody is so taken by just watching TV and understanding what the TV is pushing.
That they're just making judgments on that, no one's getting the facts.
And I think, especially when it comes to electing the judges, we have a great opportunity to avoid living in a fashion state.
And if we elect George Bush, that's what it is.
Well, we might be ending up with.
OK, Miguel.
Amen.
Well said.
Here's a fast-todd Gidlin article that says it's the stupidity stupid.
What does George W Bush know and when does he know it?
A not much and B not without long study periods and C even then not well.
What they're trying to tell you is he's dumb.
Can a lot of you relate to that?
Oh, I see.
See, America likes dumb.
Here's a mobile in tempered pine.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
We love you.
I know.
Not like in a homosexual kind of way.
No, I understand.
I had a sexual way.
Uncle Neil, might be getting my least season tickets and drinking milk out of the bag and learning to speak French if Governor W was elected president.
Yeah.
You might have to learn that it's making national anthem and then move up north.
Sounds good to me.
Hey, three Supreme Court justices.
Well, at least we know that the country will be run based on the principles of that all-inclusive non-heat-mongering book they call the Bible.
Right.
Thank God.
And we need a request for a dictator.
Absolutely.
Hey, do you guys watch the Centaurio debate last night?
Yeah, watch what?
The Centaurio debate last night with Tim Morrell.
No, I turned on for two seconds and I saw Willie Logan sitting in there and as soon as I saw that that's for us it was on our second.
I said, Gidlin, I'm not watching this.
Hey, Willie Logan is a pretty good job, you know.
But what is he? What's the point?
What is the point? Wasn't it up that he turned to turn coat and supported Jeb Bush who then came out with his anti-affirmative action again pissed all the black people off in this state?
Why don't Willie Logan get the message?
Everybody hates him like poison?
Well, I think it's the option between would you like to be shot, hung or spend life in jail?
Bill Nelson has got my vote very enthusiastically. I have no problem with Bill Nelson.
I hear you.
I like his name. Have a great day.
Yeah, that's right.
56670560, 0560 on the ATC.
And then all the fags come out for Willie Logan because he's the only one that showed up at their thing.
They had a form of thing and he showed up in Nelson and Macombin show.
So therefore they're endorsing him.
So he seems very reasonable on fag rights and stuff like that.
Talk about naive and getting led down the garden path and cutting off your nose despite your face.
Didn't you see Macomb?
Didn't you see that routine that Doug and Pony show he put on there with all his other right wing lunatics during penis gait?
All the noise portraying himself as a moderate and even supports hate crimes legislation.
And we believe in that.
Oh, no, we don't believe it for one second. We know him for the fascist thing that he is.
You sure show that.
I sure that turn around a lot.
You know what? Yeah, I do because there's a lot of run-to-run on loose.
A lot of white wing ultra-extremist Bible.
You know what we started hearing about those faith-based charities?
Which again, again, you see it's fear.
And that's what outgoing Democrats have to fear.
I wish was right about that.
They have to fear their own fear itself because they're afraid to really go after them and point out exactly who's behind them what he's all about.
And that just may well cost them the goddamn election.
Faith-based charities.
Oh, that's right.
We don't want all your tax money going to the social programs to support all those scumbags.
You know which ones we're talking about, of course, right?
Yeah.
Now there's minorities.
We want to let them be handled by faith-based charities.
And we'll have those tuition, those vouchers, tuition tax credits so that all the parochial and religious schools can sacrifice on money out of the public education system.
Right.
And this business about Bush's for good education.
How is that possible when he didn't get one?
Huh? How is that possible?
I mean, maybe he got a little bit of tutoring before he decided he wanted to be present.
Maybe when my respect is his fanaticism about quality education.
But one of the most intelligent thing he can ever say is, I have to raise four eyebrows about that when he talks about education.
Nine minutes after noon at 560 WDQA.
Every morning, he went up with all the cash that he needs.
He's rich and same-minded, he's a star, and he's still just a teen.
They go, why is he so famous with these things?
And they say he's so whiny.
He's a bit rich and does pay him as he really would.
They say in her life nothing has gone wrong so why is that?
Why is he so famous?
She had a statement when he was young and she just had the sky come and say,
Okay.
So, if you see the 560 WDQA and did the MIGAGET as you food over there nod?
Yes, did he really?
Well, I don't know from there, he was feeding his face recently.
He was feeding his purse? That's good.
Okay, Miguel has got another 45 minutes, but they don't want to clock until you pack me up right next to him.
They're going to see not only the Korean plantation and all of our best of stuff for tan parents with.
And there's not a fact that he wouldn't raise 200,000 per plant per day just to piss off that giant call before.
That's the cutest wicker.
Here's a middle-end broker. Hello?
Hey there, Miguel.
Yes, sir.
I picked up an interesting historical fact, last night regarding the presidential purse.
And that every president has been elected in a year that has been a satinist.
Yeah, we know that.
That's a lot of stuff.
Yeah, it is all that's what you're doing.
Vote for the vice president.
You think you're going to get a five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the 18th teen for lives in where it was long.
You have more on any of it.
Then it's a compliment.
The same generalist who took seriously the peddling charge that grow padded his Vietnam record showed a cyberly little interest in W's lives and evasion about his record in Vietnam, avoiding the Texas National Guard as reported by Tom Roads in the Sunday times of London and Joe Connison in New York and Silver.
But scared to scare some mention any place else on television.
Bush was in logic and fact that more attention from Letterman and let over the political pundits who practice knowingness about knowledge.
Best did they declare W to have packed more foreign policy clothes that means worse off Carolina debate because he was quick to answer thumbs up or thumbs down to a list of military interventions.
But for all their vigilance about body language and stylistic kicks, reporters editorialist and pundits did not vote any lapses of substance.
For example, the first intervention that W's thumb stuff, 11 in 1983, was an unmitigated disaster.
Resolving in the much unnecessary death from the American showing, culminating in a tear bonding that killed 241 American Marines asleep in their barracks.
Television pundits did not lead to remember Thomas Feet in New York Times did.
The Gulf War which W of course in great became necessary when his father's ambassador, April Glass,
the signal of the meeting with Saddam Hussein that the US would not react badly if he marched into Kuwait.
Some foreign policy success, huh?
This guy remember that to green light? See everybody's forgotten about that.
This guy's a swift on the memory of a libertarian by an oblivious press call.
For that matter, Saddam bill others voted power and was responsible for thousands of Iraqi and Iranian deaths during the 1980s when it was the administration of Reagan and you just the George Bush who green light of the Iraq attack on Iran.
W said, I hope our European friends become the peacekeepers in Bosnia and the Balkans.
I hope that they put the troops on the ground so that we can withdraw troops and focus on military and fighting and winning war.
But the fact is already 85% of the troops in person are European.
So what a poor and I could go on, I got pages and pages and stuff that people fast me every day.
That's kind of boring for me to sit here reading the stuff. I can go on forever but the fact is he has nobody's talking about.
He's uninformed, he's dull, he's not only not up to the job, he's prosthetic, he's a vacuum head.
But I sure hope you enjoy your 60 cents a day. I'm a big tax cut.
Here's a model indeed, we hello.
Yeah, anyone who's definitely actually is not all out of need because we've reached the promised land has confused wovenness with Canaan.
Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, he means Canaan able.
Here's your popular hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
One of the things that I wanted to tell you that you can use with your car was for as people who will say that it's because of the Republicans that we have a solid economy.
But if that's true, then why during the Bush year, I mean the father did that, did that not play a step out.
We had more small businesses go under, we were in a terrible economic setting.
Recession, that's correct.
There was a Bush, the Reagan Bush recession, that's right.
So that if that was true, then we should have seen some improvement when Bush became president but that was not the case.
So that's something you can use.
Now what also complement you for doing your part in creating the kind of divisiveness that the Republicans in the plot,
keeping Spanish people against white, black against Spanish and white, all the little things that you said on the radio.
Yeah, I'm the one that creates divisiveness, right?
Well, you promote it.
Yeah, sure.
Okay, but that's not the, that's, that's, that's congratulating on promoting divisiveness, huh?
That's exactly.
And, and, and yet now you want to, everybody to pull together, but when it was a time to pull together, you didn't promote it.
Time to pull together on what?
On the issues of trying to elect a president.
Yeah, people that you see right now.
No, no, no, no, no, no, what are you talking about?
Whether it was a time to pull together or not, whether it was a should of all green on alien, is that what you're telling me about?
Well, no, no, no, no, everyone had done the do it.
So what are you talking about?
Well, I'm talking about promoting social isolation.
People didn't, you know, going to get these up.
And I hear you do it all the time.
You know that you do it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you make, you make it.
That's why I'm here.
That's why I'm here to put one of them to, I invented it.
Well, you think the Republicans like that?
So what are you talking about?
What nonsense are you talking?
You're looking at me and see if you can find a brain.
Yeah, I know why I invented all this hate that exists down here.
That's right.
Why one group hates the other.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T,
Influenza Wireless One.
It's near school.
Now we know.
Otherwise, everybody here would love each other.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Okay.
We want to know what was born by religion.
Because religion is the hateful group in the whole section.
Listen, let me turn to something else.
Yeah, please.
Yeah, I know this.
Verse.
Verse number one.
The guy, the guy is an idiot.
Yeah.
Okay, we know that.
Okay.
The guy is a drunk.
The guy you know that.
Yeah, the guy is down cocaine.
Maybe.
Probably.
Maybe.
Okay, listen.
One good point.
One good point.
The thing is, why would anybody, both of us, such an idiot,
why would somebody who would know and listen to this guy think that
by doing the rich two trillion dollars in fact,
that how and the hell are we going to balance the budget?
How are we going to do other stuff that we really need to do?
We're not.
So what are we going to do?
We call it a few people fired.
We call it something like fuzzy math to me.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Out of town is open of course, because they're busy with that stock market
you're over there in the West Coast.
And nobody else there in on God's little green planet would be calling the
shelf a lot of town, especially with these calls, 877-785-6345.
It's the divider.
It's only a rarge of the divider who puts one group against the
other who's responsible for everybody hating each other.
This is divider says, do low harm, leave everybody else alone.
Zero people is individual, not as part of a group.
Stop being a bunch of sheep and getting sucked into all this religious nonsense
and being led down the garden path with rise.
And the best this guy can do, obviously listen to every single
better, this shorter than call before, who can give me a certain
dance about congratulating me on being contributing to the device of this.
Right.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
How are you doing?
I hold you in black Westerners don't think that way.
Trust me, that guy didn't have a clue.
You mentioned the biggest cancer in the black community when you said,
when we were low.
Yeah.
That guy, he was about a dollar a time.
I said, talk about an awful time, he's the one.
You're absolutely correct.
If everybody would remember back, when he felt the Democratic party,
he's not telling the same thing.
He turned around and became an independent.
Like a spoiled child, he turned around and ran off in the suckers.
And then he goes, Jebber, took the black belt that he had with him.
I mean, that doesn't say I was saying that that's what one Jebber's the governor's
race, which it didn't, but you know, of course it helped.
Yeah.
Now, here he is, he wants to go on the other side.
He wants to go on the other side.
That is true, but that's not true.
He's going to turn around, he's going to pander.
He's going to pander to whatever, you know, whoever he thinks will get him into an office.
And if we remember just about a month and a half of it,
the scandal came out about how he wasn't paying his rent to the community,
where his office is in Opalaka.
I mean, this man is a true cancer.
I mean, he's the problem.
He's not necessarily that.
No, nobody with the brain is going to burst a little bit of love in him.
Well, I would like that.
You know, even though it's a fact that he was appealing to the idea of the day by showing up in
sucking up the house, he gave people an icon of that for a little bit.
And most of the time, that's stupid.
You know, what the fun thing is, you know, is that immediately after, you know,
Bush was nominated governor, our name governor, you know,
where the Logan was turned around,
shown up at the once-floor to meetings when all of the community was gone,
up in arms about that particular proposal.
So, it's like, if he didn't know his position then, why did he endorse him?
You know, it should be saying, you know, I've listened to your show.
I love your show.
I think what you do is absolutely great because you get people to form to really talk about the issues.
That is actually not an issue.
I'm going to vote for gold.
Hopefully I can do it a thousand times.
I know that Alan Dale Beach will have all your own Jewish friends.
Hi!
So, hopefully we'll argue it out and vote.
Hey, thanks for the tough-ghosting my angel on your couple minutes.
Well, you know the funny thing you know is that the one thing I like about these polls,
have you ever been told on any of these double-beds?
No.
That is, don't get too personal.
It's like, who are they telling me?
I've never been told.
You know, I don't know anyone that's been told except for your poll.
Apparently there's people on those mugwumps you saw on the focus groups on TV.
Yeah, that's it.
Where they're likely.
They find it on a table.
Okay, good luck to your panel.
Have a great day, good luck.
You two hang in there.
Have you ever been told on them get personal?
There's my dog in my skin's got a great idea for a good poll,
which is because this poll I don't like either.
I don't like it.
What are you smoking about?
I don't like this poll.
It's pointless because we have 53 votes or six, whatever the hell it is,
it's reloading again.
Come on, let's go away to with a Skydame Internet.
It's slow and sphicken molasses.
Sixty votes.
Seven Peanuts most often NBC.
Now, I say it's too depressing for me.
I can't handle that because there's a guy with a speech defector who's in NBC.
Now, my sister, he's got a bad, bad, quarrel.
He can't speak.
I'm over on.
He can't speak.
And 17, 13 CNN, 11 really and ever watch the news.
Nine watch Fox.
Do I believe that?
No.
Nobody except right wing fascist watch Fox for news.
They're ratings you could put in a symbol.
CBS only seven.
PBS five ABC four MSNBC two.
Hit that poll off of there.
Here's a great idea for a good poll.
Who's the unrestrained radio personality?
Machine, I got a good idea.
Yeah, I got a shot at that.
Let's see.
We'll have D-Full, Joe Rose, Jolly.
Almost a normal Jolly looks like.
Me, of course, George was in and of what you look like here.
Pictures on the website.
Me, George, Hank, Anchorage, and Voter, too.
Name this poll camper.
Eddie Kay, Luke Shamby.
There's a chance.
I mean, who's lost a lot of weight.
26 afternoon at 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8.
I like naked.
That's all we have.
All we have is a win.
All we have is a win.
There are one for the 10.
Yeah.
I don't know how you do it.
I'm so easy to get alone.
Let's hit the mid-john who's going to be mad.
You're a sweet, sweet man.
When you miss us we are.
Easy to see by the road.
We're all falling out of a straw.
At 8,000, you've got respect everybody.
The company, the 560 WDQM, Michael Kinsley and the Washington Post writes,
George W. Bush in standing in these stupidity issues,
but nothing short of brilliant.
A motion watching the last presidential debate might have concluded
that this man would be well advised, not to put quite so much emphasis on mental testing.
But earth-based commentators mostly shied away from such a conclusion.
Who seems to be that a candidate can recite haphazardous policy positions by vote
and names them for nations and leaders, one shouldn't point out that he sure seems
a few well-aware as is a short of an executive order.
The problem is probably lasing this or complacency rather than actual inability,
and the journalists reluctance to cost them and who may well be our next commander in chief
of Moan is understandable.
But if George W. Bush isn't in Moan, he's the man of impressive intellectual dishonesty
in their confusion.
His utterance is frequently made no sense in the wrong terms, his policy recommendations
often are internally inconsistent and mutually contradictory, because it's harder to explain
and improve intellectual dishonesty doesn't get the attention that petty fitting does,
even though intellectual dishonesty invites both a candidate's character and his policy
positions both.
All politicians including our Gorg Hitler with Norfolk and they should, but George W.
gets rid of an extraordinary amount of it.
On social security, he continues to say, who'd get the trillion dollars needed for his
partial privatization out of the surplus.
Let me understand that the currency of persons committed to future benefits, which will have
to be cut to make the numbers work, or does he understand and not care.
When he compares the property to percent return on social security within the lead 6 percent
return on private investment, does he know he's leaving out that one trillion dollars in
one case and including it in the other?
Or is this fact fair to penetrate despite repeated exposures?
When he calls the estate tax on fair, especially the farmers and small business people, because
the taxes people twice, meaning first when they earn the money and again when they die,
is he aware that the value of farms and businesses in the states is almost never been taxed
as income or has his advisors and fellow business folks deceived them on his basic point.
When he criticized his opponent for cutting taxes through the use of tax credits, then
gives an example of his own tax plan in which the cut is mostly through tax credits and
he's fooling us or somebody fooling him.
When he repeatedly attacks his opponent for partisanship, as you get to joke, when he
brings the absence of federal push and thrice law on a lot of big green Washington DC, as
he noticed that the Bickling consisted of his own party which controls Congress, blocking
legislation.
When he summarized it's kind of like a political issue as opposed to a people issue,
if he needs to suggest anything in particular, perhaps that politicians enacting politically
ignore the wishes of the people.
How does he figure it at all?
When he repeatedly says he's got a clear vision about them at least, but never gives a
hint of what it is, should be assumed that he's not for telling this about it?
When he complains that there's no general strategy for Merkel's role in the world, and promises
that Helenska's secretary of defense to come up with one pronto, should we be reassured?
When he criticized the current administration for misusing American servuers or social workers,
and promises to get other countries to use their soldiers that we instead, if he knows
the logic of flaw here?
In the debate he declared, I don't want to use food as a diplomatic weapon from this
point forward.
We shouldn't be using food.
It hurts the farmers that's not the right thing to do.
When just a few years later, he criticized legislation, weakening the trade embargo on
Cuba, which covers food along with everything else, had he be thought as philosophy on the
issue?
Or is there nothing that we think?
When he promises, if he's elected, we'll have a gag order on doctors and 100% of people
will get the debt tax.
It's easy enough to figure out what he means.
We won't have the gag orders, and nobody will pay the estate tax.
But what does he mean when he says that insurance is a Washington term?
When he promises that prescription drugs is an integral part of his Medicare, there's
a comprehend that the exact distinction between his plan and his opponents is that he is not
an integral part of Medicare?
When he says that local controller schools is vital, criticized his opponent for wanting
to federalize education, promises as present to impose various requirements on schools,
complines that federal money comes with too many strings, cost for active school fence
to do is for character education, endorses a federal offer, brings state lawsuits against
teachers, and so on, does he have a pattern of this major contradictions?
When he promises a federal school voucher program, he reflects criticism by saying vouchers
are up to state, is he being bent or biobatically clever?
Ensure those George W. Bush mean what he says, or does he understand it?
The answer can't be both, and is both too much to ask for.
Michael Kenzley in the Washington Post.
Nice calling out to you, though.
So we'll put that up.
Okay.
You got it.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon while it was on our new period of the up-met
material, and it should be a little bit of fun, because this other stuff is not fun.
It's your fun.
It's like, when you got the empty thing in your sleeper life, and waking up, you're like
with a nub in your mouth.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hell.
Here?
Yes, sir.
What's up with this?
I'll go with you.
Who picked you as high-feverness for him?
Much of you.
I mean, that's the biggest screw-up ever.
Yeah.
And then women, out could any woman work for Bush?
She must have had her head in their bush.
I don't get it.
Must be.
Okay, very profound pal.
Thank you.
Thank you for putting it all on top of perspective.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon while it was lying.
Here's Miami, hello.
No, no.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got a good show, though.
You said in?
I think we're going to come down to the basic issue of taxation, and you know, the people
are just tired of being taxed against.
And the bottom line is, a goal wants bigger government, more taxes, more bureaucrats.
Bush wants.
He said, that sounds to me like you're just repeating the same problem.
No matter what you're saying, it's very jam.
No money back to the court.
No, no.
No crap.
We think about the 50-room court's going to lean out, but not going to be a good one.
Yeah, all you do is not.
You're repeating verbatim, all the stuff that he said in the debate.
I think maybe if you had a brain of you.
So if you could think for yourself, then I may have a conversation with you.
But you can't think for yourself.
All you're doing is spouting about your statistics that he keeps quoting in the debate, which, of course, pointed out are totally incorrect.
But hey, don't confuse you with the facts.
And I hate to also break them.
You see yourself with some of your selfish fools out there.
We're wanting your 60 cents a day to buy a half a diet, so I hate to make the news.
But every single throw ever paid, including the one we took here before, taxing is not the number one.
It shows not even in the top five, not at the top 10.
So what the hell are you talking about?
Tax cuts.
And so for me, just, I guess in 20 years, they're supposed to forget.
Say no crap all over again.
The big Reagan tax cuts for the rich.
And a huge deficit.
And the recession.
And the trickle down that never...
Squared, squared.
...tickle down where it was trickling down.
Everybody else's leg as well was trickling down.
Because we were in recession.
And then of course there was the lead mitle.
It's no no taxes.
That's why.
From a guy named Bush.
So where are you kidding, man?
Lane.
Really, Lane.
Here's a mobile and four-boughter there.
Hello?
Yeah, I know.
This is in Florida.
I'm putting in plus of your show.
I'm a 22 year old Republican.
And I actually want to start that by agreeing with you on a couple of things.
22 year old Republican, that sounds like an action more under me.
I know we're aware.
I'm far too between.
But we're out there hiding from people.
It's good.
The worst thing I'd like to agree with you about is that I definitely think of voting.
I was taking a lot of two evils out to say.
And I think the second thing I'd like to agree with you is that,
at the point you just made a second about, I thought the issue is specifically the tax issue is not the main thing.
And also, I don't think any of the issues are the underlying thing for the outcome of the selection.
What I really feel is that the Republicans are just more energized than the Democrats in this one.
And, except for our goal, but I really think that a lot of what I do here men is not,
not lying about things, not the character issue, not where he stands on things.
But I think the Republicans see the defeat of our goal as the final defeat of possibly Bill Clinton.
And I think when Clinton got away with everything the Republicans lying about is that he got away with,
I think that a lot of the Republican base is facing the seat out goal as the final defeat.
That may be the way the Republicans see it, but in current, still got a 65% John approval rating.
That's true.
The Republican, when you see Bill McCollum take a posting from Bill Nelson,
which he will in two weeks, part of the reason, the big part of the reason to be,
and you also see the guy out in California and some of these other Congressmen take a living,
because of their role in the PNSK.
The American public is still forming at the mouth about the 50 or 60 million dollars that was wasted in the rich hunts
that prove absolutely nothing except the President got a few gold jobs.
And I agree with you again, I think everyone will ever board on that deal.
But I just think that it comes down to which base is more energized.
I don't think the Democrats have very much to be excited about on behalf of course,
and actually Bush is very excited themselves.
But I think the Republicans get excited at the thought of that.
Well, there's no question about that.
In fact, all the TV ratings after the VATERON,
far more Republicans watch the debates in Democrats, far more.
The Democrats are busy laying back, sleeping, and doing whatever they're doing.
And if the rabid Republicans, especially the White Wingers, are chopping at the bitches like when they had Reagan,
because obviously they're a chance to grab control again and push the agenda.
Yeah, I think they're smart, but they're going to go for it.
Let me throw on Nader and I don't look good for your guy.
Okay, good luck to us.
All right.
Okay, see you on the boat.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line.
How anybody would be going to have a branch with one little particle of gray radical waste of old on Nader right now.
I think the Americans looking pretty good for your Bush people.
Don't you?
Pat Buchanan, I mean, here's the underdog.
He didn't need a candidate crack 1% or a fascist pat.
Huh?
At least one thing he doesn't bid around the bush, I'm sure.
241.560W.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio 560s.
You.
Hey, America loves to watch burbs and butts and boinking.
And now the first question has determined by a flip of a coin and goes to vice-presidential world.
Vice-president Goer, you have questioned whether Governor Bush has the experience to be president of the United States.
What exactly do you mean?
You're going to do boom boom boom boom boom.
You're going to have to do boom boom boom boom boom.
Got a Bush one little bit better.
Now go, boom, now go, boom, again, how do you get forward?
Now go, boom, again.
Is it fair to say, okay, the differences between vice-president Goer and George W. Bush, Governor Bush or the follow?
You are for doing something on the consumption end, you're for doing something on the production.
Let me clarify.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Governor Bush.
If elected president, would you try to overturn the FDA's approval last week of the immersion through RU-46?
The
Thank you.
Are hamplug.
We win.
That's right, you're right.
That's right, you're right.
Thank you, Governor Bush.
I said it before.
See you next week.
And for now, from Boston, I'm Jim Laire.
Thank you.
And just now, I was thinking of some of these questions that
even the third grade students were being versed by.
And I was going, Jim, go back to BBS, because nobody's watching.
Does that mean no forwards and nothing but Eric's working on it.
He's trying to figure out how to spell turns with glycine.
Yeah.
15 to run at 560 WQAM, 560 7.0, 560, pom-py.
Don't go out to the Pac-mail.
Don't go out there because Miguel's gone, because it's putting rain cats and dogs.
We have 640 bucks.
Wouldn't have a lot better if excepted seeing the world out there.
At least he got his bagels.
Big years, bagels?
He got something.
I'll bet.
560 7.0, 560, pom-py.
60 on the AT&T and for wires and wires on the AMA.
Miguel's a lot of rest people.
Any time he walks outside of the building.
He can get in fact just in the building.
He could get something.
Of course, he didn't want it.
Here's Kendall.
Kendall.
And here's the building.
Now look it up.
Sentry Village.
That's what I thought he's looking at.
Oh, that's what I thought he was looking at.
Oh, that's what I was looking at.
560 560, pom-py.
60 on the AT&T and for wires and wires on the AMA.
Don't fit nothing on line two of this.
Not that I really care.
He's lying too.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Bush says he's pro-wife.
Except when it comes to death row inmates and himself.
Yeah.
Last Friday Larry Flynn appeared on CNN.
Yeah, I know that.
And I went by part of the transcript.
Well, he reported that Bush paid for and impregnated a woman.
He paid for the abortion.
Yeah.
Wow, it was illegal.
And he goes before a row versus Wade.
And the guy who fast-moved the part of the transcript first discovered what's there in his
May that it was miraculously disappeared to the CNN website.
Hmm.
No, doesn't it?
It should do.
Okay Neil.
That's what W said too.
It smells real bad.
You shouldn't put his nose in here.
560 560 and I am just curious.
Because on this Bush people, I'm thinking which means you're lying.
His character is not an issue.
Clinton's character, that was an issue.
And girl who wasn't the fact is a compulsively inaccurate.
But other than that, he's so glad that he's squeaky clean.
It makes him even more boring.
Not to mention his frickin wife, Kipper.
Oh god.
I tell you, she looks like squeaky farm.
Don't you want to like better hair day?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, I'm Neil, I'm from New York.
Okay.
I'm from New York.
Let's not forget the NRA in this.
Yeah.
They said they were going to have their own person in office.
They said that they were going to have somebody ambushes all of this is what they said.
I'm so excited.
Yeah.
The thing is, it's Bush because President has to think I'm going to want my guns back.
Yeah.
You mean, you need them.
Thank you.
I'll go on.
I think all minority groups will need to be stocked up.
Heavy booties.
So while you gun dealers, I'm 441.
You're ready for a land office business just in case.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Hit pump in that number.
Maybe it costs some really valuable time.
And this is not a stupid man here on the radio.
He knows just keep giving those numbers out and repeating them over and over and over.
And even though you've got a bunch of calls there, that's okay.
You can never give those numbers out too often.
Can you?
No way.
How about that came wise, now?
We're going to talk about that.
No way.
Here's another one, Davey.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
All right.
Just a couple things.
First of all, that's Michael Kinzley articles you read?
Yes.
Was that from today's paper?
There was Sunday's Washington Post.
Sunday's, okay.
Thank you very much.
Second thing.
Last night I found myself commercial, a Democratic commercial with Gore finally saying something
about the Supreme Court justice appointments.
And that's been a long time coming.
You know something I'm noticing in their spots and maybe this was intentional.
They're saying a lot of the sunny booty stuff in the room so they'll have the greatest
in time.
And that might be part of it.
Wow, that's such a good point.
You know what?
That is the great.
That is the thing the most important thing.
You're bad.
Absolutely.
All the other stuff, most of the political way to work in, you know, playing with the
numbers and who's going to get the biggest tax cut and who's going to get most of it
and social security.
A pound of his is doing that all the time.
But the one thing that's indisputable is that whoever becomes the next president is going
to have three four appointments at least to the Supreme Court and that effect and impact
is going to last a decade.
Absolutely.
And I was brought up in a religious household and I finally got the world out from over
my eyes.
Thank God.
That's going on.
And there's no way, there's no way that anybody should vote Republican for this.
There's just absolute total control is what they're looking for.
And I'm going to tell you something.
As frightening as it is Michigan and there because the Congress and so damn close both
the House and the Senate, if you want to be getting Bush in with the Republican Congress,
then it's really going to be time to hit for the air, clutching that tax per tide.
I absolutely already have mine and I'm getting ready to go.
That's one last thing I wanted to make a comment about.
A few minutes ago, he said something about read my lips about no new taxes.
In some days, some said my comic section, the comic strip called Non-Secondary, brought
up the fact that there's a guy in the strip called Obvious Man.
And he brought up the fact that the president has no control over that.
There's a Congress thing.
Right.
The point is that it doesn't matter what the president says about taxes, it's got to pass
Congress.
Absolutely.
So, what's with all?
Painting the president.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Grant, so you, Gene Thomas, President Bush, and nominee point
of the president's Supreme Court.
And you know, there's not some people that's not dead if they just told me, I just want
to be a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't nothing but a pinjoy.
They'll think we should see guys that I know, remember y'all.
They don't think I fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this ring and get out of here.
I want to pitch out straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
Tell y'all.
I get told again.
Right.
And I talk to the chief, and I talk to the west.
And I talk to the wild, and look up, say, the Dio Conno, yes.
I'll be talking.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
Profit through one at five, 60 WDQM.
I understand that issue was a little bit too complex for most of the people out there to
understand the Supreme Court and the other federal judges and the people's, and then of
course they had Gary Bauer under this one.
You see him?
Ooh, here's a scary little thing.
Gary Bauer is on one of the morning shows while I was channeling.
Maybe he was on CNN.
And he was telling, I don't know, he was on against Jesse.
See, as much as I sometimes, I have problems with Jesse Jesse, my feelings about him, because
there are times when I despise him like closing, and then there are other times when he's not
being a professional spook and agitated.
There are other times when I love him.
Because he's one of the most articulate spokesmen for liberal causes, and I guess the right wing
fanatics when these religious men, he'll be an a minister himself and make a lot of money off
the court.
But nevertheless, he was great against Gary Bauer.
And Gary Bauer is like, wow, in the Supreme Court judges, the boys got to have a right to
discriminate against those facts.
And when the dissab, the motion is murder.
We know that in my mind, and on and on with a whole rid of the white wing crime.
Gary Bauer, no relation to proper Bauer.
Roy, I tell you one thing, I'd write in Hank Bauer before I think about Gary Bauer.
That's where you are.
You can't separate them, and your notice that, see, the, you know what the real proof in
the pudding is, the religious nuts have got a choice.
If Bush, if they didn't believe that Bush was in debt with them and extremist enough,
you can't have a be doing more than like seven tenths of one point.
He'd be up there just with me to a four or five point.
He'd be in the running.
Then you do more than that.
But he's not.
So that goes to Shura, that Bush is a shura of his right wing friends, that he's right
with them, with his faith-based cheerleading, all his other book, that, and the school of
vouchers, and all the other good, there'll be these things that he's talking about.
I mean, these people are so red that like, and I'm giving it to that young guy who said he was
a toy to you over the public, and he's right, they're highly motivated.
And the rest of the public is sitting out there going like that.
Like, you know, a white bother and can't be talking about the golfing game, stuff like that.
Hi, Alia, hello.
How much more are you getting paid for?
Are you getting on the road?
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
I'm going to get on the road.
Someone who obviously has got a very, very serious week-suited
knick-a-prop problem.
I think somebody that was out of town, he called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
He called by the way.
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
What do you love this?
He's kind of clearly, he must really not be your puppet.
He must really not be your puppet.
Yeah.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
Portrait of 550.
We go.
I can't believe the people voting for this.
It was that the forgot the Republican was responsible
to shut in the government down a couple years ago.
And they were getting threatened in trouble.
And all that.
Getting caught in trouble.
Monica Valencia and all that.
Right.
How come these people go in most of the city?
It's a hard one to say.
I'm puzzled.
At this point, if you ask me, go as which of you
is you have to be 20 points ahead.
Be today.
Live and be right out of me.
I'm telling you.
I think it's a plot.
Maybe we'll all be surprised and maybe we'll maybe
grow a wind by 20 points.
Is that the death brain becomes a president of this country?
God, God, God, God, God, God.
God bless America.
Okay. Good luck to us, sir.
What do you say?
56705, 60, Palm 560 on the 18T in Verizon Wireless Light.
Look at this sofa.
I'm catching up.
But the battery is shaping up between, hey, stupid.
And, Jeremy Gack.
Look at that.
And of course, they're pretty good buddies.
Ten of these so far.
I'm in there with five.
I'm moving up the ladder.
Jeremy's got four.
Little dog has got two.
Brood with two and it's down in this room on the piece.
See if they knew which I should be in the work like.
If we could set them each up pretty real quick.
I mean, think of it the biggest pile of elephant droppings
you've ever seen in your life with a beard.
With a beard.
Yeah, that's good.
That's smell even ten times worth thing you expect.
Well, I'll change it on the edges.
Oh, yeah, that's Josh Freeman.
Here's the rest of your home.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just, uh, just a little bit.
And I was, um, on to say I, I'd be throwing all the cast
the dark lines off on that boat that you and your pals
are going to get on when JWGW gets.
Haha, me and my pals and who are those?
All these brilliant people that I've listened to for the last
kind of 50 minutes, you really have a brilliant articulate following.
And you know, there's the thing that just, uh, I didn't even say anything.
I didn't even say anything.
I didn't even say anything.
Can you listen?
Can you have a conversation or just make a lot of noise?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't hear any of the other, not so intellectual people talk about.
The other side of all going to get on a boat and leave when, uh, when Gorgia
said I didn't hear any of them saying that.
No, all because somebody else is staying here and trying and, uh,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, blow it out to you, ass, okay, my great intellectual friend.
See, obviously, Bishop here's to be intellectual.
That's Slabs over here.
We just can't, uh, we can't relate to it.
We're not up here as level.
Who are you kidding, Dumbledore?
Yeah, I can't wait to see you in your buddies.
I wonder what that's called for, huh?
Yeah.
Another one is White Wing that's, I just heard a film that, uh,
he's not going to win.
I just, I really have a feeling that Bush is going to ride up losing now.
I do.
People are going to wake up and see, uh, what, what, what's all about?
Who the people are he's in bed with, if I can say that.
Five, six, seven.
I mean, who'd you have to be in bed with?
Monica Lewinsky or Jerry Bauer?
Tough chair, but here's a number of times.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Neil, I wanted to make two very quick points on, uh, on the statement that Bush makes.
Yeah.
And this right wing, uh, now you're going to be on that pole.
You don't have to push your team like the blinds, right?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Let me, you know, all these right wing, uh, religious people, they all talk about, uh,
abortion and the, in the murder of the fetus and everything else like that.
But they never talk about, uh, NRA, which they got there in a hip pocket, which keep on killing
people and they don't want to say anything about it.
What is just us between what they say about abortion and then they, they don't want to bring
you up in shoes, you don't understand.
They don't care about people who are alive, all they care about is the ongoing fetus.
They don't confuse them with the facts, all of their fetus lovers, they're upset, you don't have
to tell you that.
You know, many times a Bush has said, fuzzy math, fuzzy math, I wish God had applied.
Maybe math is very fuzzy to you because you don't understand it.
Right, that would be good.
Very accurate.
And unfortunately, you know, the family, I just like a little bit of the family, a marshmallow
toss and they go, I think right now that they've been back to the recording, now you're noticing
they're starting to get a little bit more desperate.
That's all made.
Keep up the good work.
Okay, I'll see you in the boat.
That's what Noah said in that arch.
Noah's Ark.
Anybody ever shop at Noah's Ark and watch this thing?
Yeah, yeah.
Hardware store.
That's your new Noah's Ark that ever existed, but it's a hardware store.
I don't know, but God's there's nowhere to get to a very creature.
Yeah, but right here to get Josh Freeman out there.
Couldn't we have looked without him?
Oh.
Of course, the show I told you God was an ass in him.
How's that feel coming?
See, I hate having to keep flipping this thing up.
God hates this.
Oh, we have a long list.
Who's the unwares of the Q&A personality Hank 17, Joseph Jackie 14,
Neo 5, Josh Freeman 5, even a set on theme?
I guess the description of the elephant gun, kind of like, uh, did a job.
George has got through.
Jerry R.S. 3, Manage has got two.
Shabby will appear, cappern with one, and none for D4, Gertie, Joe Castello, or Kimberville, Kimberville.
See, they're afraid to, I mean, not that Kim is ugly, but they're afraid to vote for a nameake
because he saw them dig.
If you did, he would find out where the guy they were voting from, and go to the house and personally be to crap out of them.
He's the guy who can do it, believe me, about 8 foot 10.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, while it was lying,
out of town line was wide open, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5.
We'll get more calls from the West Coastists.
Here's a model in Margate.
Hello.
Hi, this is Richard, how are you?
Yes, Richard.
You know, I read a whole article about, a day ago, that somebody wrote the work about George Bush,
of Governor Bush's grandfather being involved in a heavy supporter of Nazi Germany before the World War II,
and I'm doing more, what's required to World War II putting tons of money into that out of Hitler.
And I'd like to know if I could tax the article for you, the free sexual arrangement,
and I don't know why anybody of the fold does in publicism in this paper.
Mm-hmm.
This shows the background of the man and where the money came from and the oil money that he grew up with.
Okay, thanks a lot to us.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, while it was lying,
able to set someone a Q&A.
Get the best of Neil Rogers 2000.
Just go to his specs music store near New York, www.am.com.
The best of news, 2000 with great hit, like, so power Jones, we got a new nose.
That known and passed many times.
And who could forget the Neil Rogers T-Jay with great sound effect?
It works the lotion in the basket.
That's the American f**king way.
Those time with classic, the best of Neil Rogers 2000 from Sports Radio 560 Q&A.
He could be a bunch of awful.
Take it enough of those four foul mouth kids from South Park, while Comedy Central changes attitudes and latitudes with four wide guys from Alabama.
Join the last and the all new animated series, Deep South Park.
Who's smell of posh on me in here, Millie?
I bet your dad and Deburo sister every night.
Oh, what's your point, Rufus?
It's Deep South Park, with all the dirty language and ethnic slurs to ensure instant success.
I'll come in with some f**king symbol with f**king shape.
And because the f**king symbol is a f**king symbol, and he knows I f**king shit it's Deep South Park.
Just like South Park except for the latest southern accent.
Oh my god, thank you very much.
Till we get these sights in here.
Let's go hunt some road hills.
Deep South Park, coming soon to Comedy Central.
14 to 5 60 WQAM.
We have 77 votes on the most important poll we've taken in the long time.
Who's the ugliest QAM personality?
Leaving with 29 votes is stupid.
Tank with 29, Joseph Gacchi's got 18.
I got six.
Josh Friedman's got six, they haven't even seen him yet.
Oh, they've seen him.
He probably got 400 by now.
So those were five.
George has got four.
My dog.
Yeah!
S3, Eddie K. with three.
Nine for a cost, a dollar, and nine for a B.
Oh, I guess they haven't seen him lately.
Wow.
Talk about bouncing and serious about Hickelservis.
Because Hickel came his own way.
But he just, he's no in 10 years.
He's going to be down there at trackside,
at some track like Bambole or somewhere,
kicking over and losing tickets looking for somebody dropped to a two-eighths
to show ticket on the ground.
And that's going to be him.
You know, with a beer in his hand swashing,
all of his t-shirt and that big puppy hanging out.
God.
Yeah, that's B-Full.
Here's a model in Miami, home.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
No, I keep hearing these Republicans say the same thing.
It's driving me crazy that they balanced the budget,
who's a Democratic Congress that balanced the budget in 93.
And that's why we lost control of majority over that.
But, you know, don't confuse them with a fact.
Yeah, don't confuse me about the 22 million jobs
and about the low unemployment, the worst minority in the world.
All of these things, I mean, this all happened just by accident.
And the fact that the Clinton administration wasn't able to do a lot of things
done on health care and about patients' fellow life,
is because of that Republican Congress.
The most, this has been the most partisan Congress since 94 when it took control.
This has been the most partisan Congress in the history of this country.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and in fact, we're back at the guy then at Patreon hearing
if it wasn't for the fact that it's just a small tiny handful of Republicans
couldn't stomach the witch hunt that was going on.
We had an impeachment conviction for blow jobs.
We had a lot about blow jobs.
Well, and the rest of the world is laughing at us, laughing and crying.
And how embarrassing this country is in juvenile.
Because that's what I went for.
It's always that game of gacha, gacha, gacha, gacha with your pants down.
Gacha, the other problem is that like five minutes later,
some of the girls comes back to them.
Gacha, Bob, let me say, gacha, Henry Hyde, gacha Dan Burton,
and maybe a few days, gacha, W.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if that's your happen, then the moment that that hits on TV,
when Bernie Shaw comes out on the state face and says,
Burt, and we just got the news, yeah.
We're spreading the news.
Libyan Pumber Pine, so.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, you are great.
Yes, sir.
You are great.
I'm a great.
You are great today.
Did you win a win a win a win?
I won a win.
I think I got the button.
You know what scares me?
Yes.
I watched the Senate debate.
And we got a big, ugly shot in the middle of McCullen and Nelson.
I guess who is there to be that kind of a referee?
The buffers are going to play.
Well, let me tell you, this guy is almost sure he's going to win.
He's sick.
Oh, he sure he's not going to win?
I think that he thinks the shot is going to win.
He's taking away the both from Nelson and giving it to McCullen.
That's a great guy.
You remember Joey Brown in the movie?
Uh-huh.
The Devil's Look at McCullen.
He's a John McCullen.
He's got his shot.
He's got his shot.
Show E-Brown and how he do it.
Yeah.
You look so far to stand.
Yeah.
That's not the only map.
Now we are known as taking away a ghost.
Yeah.
That means you have to go five times instead of four.
No.
First lose.
First lose.
Of course you can lose.
Well, when you're having a chance to get in, I'm not going to let you out.
I'm going to let you out.
No.
I'm going to let you out.
I can't talk over and I'm not going to continue doing it.
Because it feels to take a breath.
Take a breath and come up to where it's weed hide.
I'm telling you this, this phone system, how we survived three years plus now in this, uh,
a whole small operation.
They can't hear us.
There is no, this isn't set up like a red talk show here.
So there's no, you can hear there's no compression on this thing.
So we do want to do that half of the time.
And then all the time you say you're thinking that to be in root, there just can't hear it.
But don't start searching about the engineering here because then Bob from Luthergidov said he's going off on another binge again.
You know, I'm kind of embarrassed because we got we got that other guy that looks like Bob from a guy who would never speak to you.
You know what I'm talking about?
We've all got an advantage that looks just like Bob from Luthergidov.
The engineering guy that they heard.
Oh, Jim didn't look at it to the right.
Bob from Luthergidov.
How they got a beard and grown.
I'll be size the beard.
They're looking like clones.
And one time I see the other guy, I like purposely avoid even looking at him, much more speaking to him because I think I'm going to have Bob.
Jim is a 10 feet tall and skinny.
But I'm sorry.
Days.
No, not not talking about going in the tree.
Who else?
Well, who's that other guy that looks just like Bob from Luthergidov?
The glasses.
Who is that guy?
So we got too many people running in here.
Why was that?
You think I don't want to pick him up?
No.
He looks like his kissing cousin, spitting image.
And the other guy saw him come in there and then I saw the weird Bob from Luthergidov and a phone.
Bob, Bob, Bob looks like he's staying out there in the cell phone and talking to him a lot.
I'm a deriving.
Pretending he's like a big shot.
Like Maddie, what's his name for Maddie?
Maddie, the rest of him.
Remember those days when he came in?
So anyway, I was at the village last night.
I'm probably the same because I'm running in the shop, doing more in the bar with my pick up a few things.
And there was a young, uh, hit in Latin.
I think probably Cuban.
I've got a lot of waiting on me.
Very nice guy.
Pretty good looking too.
Little heavy.
And here's a good guy.
And he said, oh, when you arrive, you got Bob, Bob, I miss him at.
And when he wound me from, kind of, he knew about the regular show, but you know when he wound me from.
So really?
Really.
And the most amazing part of it is all these people say, oh, yeah, that sure is still on.
It's not what you're going to have to have that sure is that I thank God.
And they still hold your weapons that you're on now.
Well, me.
That looks like.
Yeah, good old Maddie Lushin.
Another is really, I told you, don't do business with the Israelis.
I tried to always have that to the role of cinnamon.
Oh, there he goes again.
You're not Jewish enough.
We are not Jewish enough.
Why don't you support that, you're a leaderman?
Because he makes my skin crawl.
How's that for?
For starters, I don't know why you're being so negative.
We're just trying to be reasonable.
People with very good hands for the future.
So what's wrong with putting them in the museum you're asked?
Here's a calling neighbor's health.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was looking through this article in the Times about the credibility issue on Bush.
Apparently, he exaggerated state spending on healthcare by 39%.
I'm sure you know about that.
Yes.
But in the article, the most fighting thing was that he held up the children's health insurance program
because he was afraid of a skull over a stack where they pick up more Medicaid,
children eligible for Medicaid.
Meanwhile, I'm driving down the seat here in Naples and the annual cataractment range rover
than it says Bush, Chaney, we've no child behind.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
Thanks, Bill.
Good luck to pal.
I keep on driving if I were you.
Can you imagine over there on the West Coast, you can even begin to imagine?
Oh, wow.
They got Bush branded on their armpits.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
105 votes already in the obvious QNP personality contest.
Guess who's winning by a fairly good margin now.
Of course, things could change.
33.
That was 41%.
And right on his behind is Jersey Rocky.
Yeah, with 19.
Of course, they've seen him.
He's on TV now.
And you know, when you want to get, we need to press.
So you can't complain.
I see a lot of similarities between Joseph Gekki and Dick Williams.
Who's the guy that Hank was sucking up to on Friday with sports guy?
Dick Stockton.
I see a lot of similarities.
He can't complain about even one of their personality because Gekki and Stockton need
the one who's got a personality.
Wouldn't.
Your lodges would nine.
Yeah, I was wanted to have behind.
Zero was with seven.
Josh Fiegman with six side unseen.
Mad Dog with five.
George with four.
Do you feel now with a seven four?
And obviously, found out how fat and grotesque he's gotten.
8K with three.
Yelder with two.
Bird with two.
Bird camp with one.
And Joe Costello has got.
Hey, like that.
20 Joe wouldn't get any votes.
Joe was ugly, but he has that nose thing.
He has that roaming nose.
It's a big one.
And the nose too.
Five, six, seven.
What have you been out with him?
Here's an aligned system.
I was going to use double check it to see if maybe doing the course of the show.
I'm not even working on this.
See, I got news for you guys.
We're not going to sit back and tolerate this.
I like this slack attitude.
Just because of the fact the book came out and you guys locked out again.
I had never seen such lucky people in my life.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
I've never seen such a lucky person.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
Stop on die when the Orbs is really lucky.
I was born in 1991, but I didn't listen to it.
I told you.
Hank was 56, Joseph Gackie was 27, I got 10,
I got 10, Joseph Gackie was 27, I got 10, Joseph Gackie was 9,
I got 10, Joseph Gackie was 9, I got 10, Joseph Gackie was 9,
567-0560, call one of the sports shows, okay,
because that's all they know about his games on this station.
567-400 open line, half an hour to go,
who obviously attested them today and they've run out of gas.
567-0560-0.560 on the APNP and provides a waterless line,
prophetic, just tragic.
Here's a mobile and Stuart, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time call, you got a great program.
What I do, I don't know.
The power is so bad, yes.
I just want to make one quick comment,
it's a crime that's this, as great as the countries this is,
that we all have better candidates for those two.
Amen.
But let me ask you one question and I'll hang up.
I saw on television last night where the wooden Indian was on a Air Force 2.
Now, how can he go around the country on a
government plane unless the enemy, are we being reimbursed for that?
I'm sure the campaign is paying for whatever it is.
It's crooked as this administration has been in the past eight years.
I would like to see that again.
What does that mean as crooked as this administration has been in the last eight years?
What is it that they're doing?
The Republicans don't do that they all don't do that.
What does that mean?
They all do, but I'm saying,
as far as Gore, with all his fundraising, with the Chinese,
and let me say one thing.
Let me say one thing.
It's going to make it, it's going to make it in New York.
I think the country has had it because this woman,
the country has had it.
This is the most crooked D.R.D.C.A.H.S.
ever hit the United States political trail.
When she was first in, she tried to destroy medicine.
She tried to destroy medicine.
She did.
She did.
What does that have to do with crooked?
First of all, to be ridiculous to why they say she tried to destroy medicine.
But what does that have to do with crooked?
You know how much you have?
That's $50 million to investigate and they couldn't find a goddamn thing.
Wrong.
You know how many positions she had on that?
Probably Chrome was probably the favorite one I would imagine.
This guy starts out with a son of a aunt about it.
She said we don't have better candidates.
And he goes in as usual, right wing pilot bird.
If Hillary gets in, it's going to be like the end.
It's going to be through or even finished if she really gets in.
As opposed to Bic Laggio, if he gets in, then we're going to be safe.
It looks like the savior to me.
He looks like a little vacuous, Newt King Rich Cone,
Rich Ball is what it looks like to me.
560-0560, 05-560 on the 18T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from DC.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Listen to under 100 and fly on our two key things in the best of CD.
All right.
Listen, after listening to your callers, we'll pass a couple weeks.
I'm so sorry.
I couldn't help but call.
I guess what I'm getting at is the problem with these people is that
what Paul Miller called developed a culture of amnesia.
What that means for listeners is that they can't think for themselves.
It's just easier to be a passive consumer and be told what's right and what's wrong.
That's the reason why the whole election is such a state that it's in right now.
I mean, that's personally don't care for either candidates.
But I look at the hard facts and question each one for whatever positions they may be on.
I make my decision based on that.
I am voting for our goal.
He is about a candidate for many different reasons.
I don't agree with what Hitler did many years ago with the whole censorship thing.
I think this one of the main problems in this country is censorship.
That's the most point.
Like I said, right in the very beginning when it picked you two Lieberman.
And when Hadassah, he and Hadassah started running around with the paper and then of course the Lin-Chain.
I said, most of you know that both parties are in favor of censorship and gutting the first amendment.
So at least there's no choice there.
Yeah, and I mean it's just again you know censorship.
What do these people with basically amnesia, what are they looking for?
They're looking to the media pumping them with basically what they what they would need to hear in order to vote for Bush or Gore.
They're looking to the pretty things and then things like I mean the color that's called the censorship transcript from what's the name of.
That's what I look at.
Yeah, as soon as you know somebody finds out that that's on the net it gets pulled right away.
They censor it because somebody is questioning what the reality is.
But of course beyond that, I mean there are a ton of things on the internet and a lot of more bull crap.
That doesn't mean they get knocked off of the right way.
When you see something like that somebody is pulling some heavy-duty strings to make sure that that's not on there.
Exactly and that's I mean the overwhelming problems in this country.
I mean I grew up here in the States but with a heavy I guess Spanish from Spain, European culture.
And all the problems that we're experiencing in our country today, these are things that happened hundred to years ago in Europe.
And again you know modern-day culture of the society today doesn't want to look to historical references in order to solve a problem which have been solved you know.
Well the biggest problem in this country is the dumbness problem.
You have to take all the people who have any idea of the system how it works, who they have these people.
They know from nothing.
It comes not as a case.
All they know is that they pay 50 bucks to watch Tyson get out of that.
They're the highest right in the last weekend.
Just because it's enough to pass time.
Yeah, you got it.
All right, now keep the faith, man.
Thanks a lot.
Five, six, seven, like Howard D.O. said, when the board of mucousinist is a lot of board people, how about reading a book?
I want to read a book.
Yo, let me just test that you read one through you.
I find it fascinating.
Let me just call up open.
Maybe it's just that we've those books here.
Keep it written in the refrigerator.
Out of town line is open, 877-785-6345.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
And we are all right.
Okay.
Listen Neil, a couple of things.
If somebody wants to read a book on the evil of mob mentality which is certainly something that manifests today,
they should take a look at word of the flies as they can, you know, make the effort.
Secondly, the only thing that they can accuse Bill and Hillary Clinton of these fascists is of having a social conscience.
Something which they obviously do not have.
And of having normal, you know, human defects of character.
It's part of a human condition.
And the last point is, I think that, are you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
I think that these last few days of the election, Democratic Party has to do something very important.
They should try and follow George W. Brown, get him at a neutral site, and have Bill Clinton pop up and defend his record.
I don't think Bush would survive something like that.
Yeah.
But that's what they're talking about.
You know, that's the big debate within the gold campaign now.
Should they try to put it in the house and have him do some active campaigning?
Or should they keep moving the closet and have Gorki busis social?
I think they're making a bad mistake that they don't try to now.
It's the best campaigner and the best speaker they've got.
I don't necessarily mean active campaigning.
I mean, for example, we like corner men or men, you know, or something?
No, no, no, no.
Bush says he shows up at a letterman, for example.
Yeah.
Okay.
I always said, girls in the audience, he asked letterman, hey, can I come up and say, go to?
Too late.
No, but I'm saying, what I'm saying is, I'm sure that the letterman isn't the last talk show that Gabi is going to do.
You know, they should try and find out why the pandemic will all next week.
Okay, pal.
She had dog crap on the floor of Antwick.
And she had W on next week.
224205-50WQM-Shite.
Hello, what's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What do you want?
What's up?
Oh, streetcar.
What up?
Bye.
Hello.
What's up?
I'm fucking sleeping.
Hello.
What's up?
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
Goodbye.
142205-50WQM.
How's our only 2M personality contest coming?
158 votes already.
And this is our third poll of the day.
Hank with 58, Joseph Gacking with 32, put him together, got neither 100.
You're truly with 15, 0s at 9.
They stuck.
Manage is got 8, Josh Reed and Rade.
D4 has got 7.
Towards with 6, Yali with 5, Eddie Kay and Joe Castella with 3.
Bruce Shambu and Kim Bo-Kamp are with him at least.
To look in that we take this poll, I have to bring the rest of that cheap one to the extra pound.
He was stirring around.
Here's a model in Jupiter, hello.
Yes sir.
Are you paying on that?
Josh Reed when you're talking about is that the same one we had in the World Cup in North Palm Beach?
What do you mean North Palm Beach?
He's on this World Cup station every now and then.
He's got a North Palm Beach.
92.6, you have to learn it now.
Josh Reed, but now.
Different, different juice.
Are you?
Yeah.
A second hour, what's your favorite?
Don and Bob's.
There you go.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
He's there.
Who?!?
Who?
Chunk.
me we have 270 million people in this country, two miles around here, what the hell are we going to do here?
You do guide and send up your bushy, you know he wins, I won't consider giving up my American citizenship.
But anyway, because you were a vacation, I listened to George a couple of times, you know, and I was okay, you know, I think he is nice man.
He put his money out, I've been looking for you for seven kidneys, yeah.
He is not a Roger, sir.
Well that's for danger.
Okay, I'll give you a lot of money anyway.
Okay, so I can go now.
Okay, twenty to ten, next one.
5, 6, 7, or 5, 60 pound, in fact, he probably did that spot where we were running before, we wanted to talk about the multi-bany or whatever the hell I was.
Oh, the grocery store, I could tell you on this station.
Believe me, all these antists are nuts and all these Jews on here on your station.
Don't worry about it, believe me, listen to the grocery store price, trust me when I tell you.
5, 6, 7, or 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Four miles, hello.
Hi, I had a comment and I'd like to see what you think about it.
On your first poll, I thought that it's, Colin Powell was the runner's reporter, he'd need to see the walk away with his selection.
Yeah.
Based on what?
We should be more popular with.
Based on what?
Well, I'm going to tell you the war here and he's probably more trustworthy than either of him.
But, first of all, is that actually no qualification in the president number one, number two is black.
That was the basis.
And the point, that was the decision of the poll that I said before, I believe, and that is that in a poll, people say, oh yeah, we're both a black person for our president.
But then when they go to the polling place, I think it's, well, that's why you're so late.
Okay.
Well, could you just mention the out of town line one more time?
Okay.
Thanks.
Out of town line, 877.
It's a whole other number, 877, 785, 5345.
Okay? Because we got a mobile and poor daughter, they'll honor it.
Hello?
Yeah, hey, it's Chris.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, you?
Okay.
Listen, you are about to set an out of town for like two or three years.
It's great to hear you.
Next, making last people think I'm an idiot, dropping around laughing.
Turn on the screw off.
They don't like it.
Give me a question.
It looks like an idea for these major's raiders.
I work with one of them.
He drives me, not he's hopeless, you know, terminal.
And he's like, I don't know.
He's trying to make a point, you know, some vein point.
But I was listening to the radio yesterday, and they had these liberals throwing away their vote.
And they said, well, you know what we're going to do is with some of our native friends in other states,
we're going to trade our vote.
So I'm voting absentee from New York.
So I'm going to vote for NATO for him, and he said, and that's him to vote for Gourmet Florida.
So that's a good deal.
Yes, all you terminal NATO types out there find someone from the state that it doesn't matter.
California.
Exactly.
New York, and others couldn't know.
But in Florida, don't waste your vote.
Exactly.
Can a can of four drush in here.
All those other Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, can't do it.
Washington, Oregon, can't do it.
It's a great idea.
Okay.
Do the best, you know.
Thanks a lot, pal.
That's not a bad idea.
Freedom of vote by baseball cards.
Yeah, what can you do?
One native for a Gourmet, and you can take your native and stick it with a window in China, looking New York.
Stick it in a sum pump in New York, like in Schenectady would be worth.
How could I keep thinking about Schenectady so much?
I think I've been truly, of course.
It's just fun to say.
Schenectady.
Schenectady.
What's a big station Schenectady?
W.A.W.G.
Where is it?
810 on the dial.
50,000 watts.
W.A.W.G.R.
I think W.A.W.G.R. is in Buffalo.
Come on, George.
810 Schenectady, New York.
How much is somebody else?
Two.
Here's a mobile and less palm.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, just two quick points.
First of all, I'm a long time listener, first time caller, and I'm going to vote early and often.
Good.
But did you ever watch the show, Alf, on TV?
No.
There used to be a show called Alf on TV.
And really, on Alf, is a dead ringer for device-positive, so Canada cracks me up every time I see it.
Second of all, I moved here from Detroit.
So this is my second time I've had to put up with Mr. Murray, so you can feel sorry.
Oh, boy.
I don't think you have to wait too much longer.
I think the handwriting like I said before is on the wall.
It's indelible.
Okay, that's all I had.
Okay, my friend.
Thanks.
All right.
You're on the 242 at 560, sure, I am.
This is 560, QAF.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio, 560, QAF.
And, say what he has to fare.
We have a doctor.
That's a safety statement.
I'm going to give you a minute.
I'll talk to you later.
I'll put a piece of that in my pocket.
You're going to put this for a plate.
The wheel on the head.
I'll give you a gig for this.
You're going to put it in your car.
Other way, that's up to the head.
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
How many minutes?
Hey, what are you doing?
Huh?
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
and a bipartisan way to get the patients' lower rights passed in Texas.
There's a big lie number one, and I just got to read in your whole litany, but obviously
you have a hearing problem.
Well, that big hurler in the middle of your head goes in one way or the other.
See, then, this is the fascinating thing, and it's always been this way, but I think
this direction more so than ever before, because now these right wingers are flexing
enough, so again, they should be opening.
And that is it.
If you disagree with them, they have to attack you.
They can't attack what you say.
They have to attack you and come back with the same mindless generalities, and clichs
that we heard from the W and all three debates.
He's the one that can get it done because we can work in a bipartisan way, which is totally
gay.
Oh, why?
And again, conveniently forgetting the fact that a lot of things with the administration
tried to do in the last eight years, they couldn't do because the Republican Congress was
almost unanimously against them and they became vote, almost unanimous, and in many cases,
unanimous.
Who the hell are you kidding, Mr. Hiss?
Here's what Myers had on.
Hey, I got you.
Good.
First off, you know, these people really want to find out where they really, what these
candidates really say in here, there's a great website here, and you go on, you stay
like how you feel about certain issues.
