560 LWQA presents a Neil Roger Show to Neil.
560, the full flip 16 Dino Brown County,
or Dundes 560, for 18 D. Fireless customers.
877, 785, the other total free call.
The opinions expressed by Neil Roger's test to the caller.
Does not reflect those of the Beasley grunt expert.
It's staff, advertisers, for agency.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on 560 QAM.
I'm going to tell you something right now, and you can mark it down.
If Brown County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying,
here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
Oh, the morning, on the sea we had.
Cause Wayne has a finger, a dick of a spoon.
Believe me when I tell you, now that they spot team, really tough.
I feel sorry for Jim Leeland every time it's players,
I'm going to get excited today about all this crap.
Oh, I'm just going to stay calm, cool and collected.
That's all.
I mean, you people in Dave County, how many years of I've been telling you?
I live in Broward.
You get what you deserve.
Mayor Pingapakania, this is for you.
You son of a bitch.
Let's just play that all day today for him.
The Antichrist.
Alex Pingapakania, the man who makes all the deals behind closed doors.
And then they hold a press conference, one thirty on a Sunday,
when everybody's either watching football games or attending them or doing stuff.
One thirty on a Sunday, why did they do it like one thirty in the morning?
Would have been better.
And I must be psychic.
You know, if my psychic abilities were as good and Wall Street,
I could put that frickin little mithyrs, that little weasel right out of business.
Yeah, in fact, I think I could probably do it already anyway without psychic abilities.
I mean, I can't pick great stocks like Dishoned Chitrix, but nevertheless.
You know, I could pick my nose and come up with something better than what he has,
but at any rate, I started to say, must be psychic,
because Friday I left here with a pool on the Marlins of all things.
Had no idea that this deal was coming down over the weekend.
This would be a back door crooked deal.
And our poor question was, will you be going to any Marlins games this season?
And the reason I asked that question was because there was all this hostility
about Alice Rodriguez signed that big deal in the owners and the prices.
And it's just all getting crazy.
Plus, there's going to be a strike in two years anyway.
And then the people who are left over, what fans they got left, they're all going to get.
That'll be the final nail in the coffin.
Will you be going any Marlins games this season?
We had a thousand forty three responses.
How do you like that?
657 63 percent said never.
None.
Zero.
Zipity Duda.
As in.
Oh, right.
Maybe one or two.
24 percent 250 a few 94 9 percent.
Many 42 4 percent.
4 percent said many games.
But let's see 900 and the 907 80.
Let's see 24.
So give me 87 percent said either maybe one or two or never none.
So I think it makes a lot of sense for Dave County to come up and spend
385 million dollars to build a billionaire and other stadium or a lot more people will
go to this stadium.
Come on.
Yes, what wrong answer.
Because this stadium is going to be in Miami somewhere downtown.
We're not sure if they're going to rape the rest of the Vicentennial Park or if it's going
to be an overtown or if it's going to be in that other way by the old arena somewhere.
Oh, the old arena.
That's right.
I don't know if it doesn't pay before yet.
The white elephant that's the and who is the guy who told you that before too long we'd
have an arena or stadium on every street corner in this town who will do that.
Oh, God.
That's right.
I told you that.
These people are crazy.
How would you like to have some idea?
Forget about have the money, but just have some idea of how much graft goes down in
Dave County every day.
Why should anybody be confused about there being a fixed election or a dubious election
in this town?
Everything in Dave County, everything in Florida fixed, everything is crooked here.
This is the crooked goddamn state.
Just look at the map.
It's just kind of like hanging down there like Bob Dull on a bad day.
Yeah.
Limp.
Crooked.
Crooked, crooked, crooked idiotic goddamn jerks is what we got.
Just like I said.
And they just put him back into office again.
Now of course now he's a lame duck.
He can't their run again.
So now he can really go ahead and do whatever he wants.
You got the airport stuff going on.
You got the Mickey deal.
And by the way, Mike Mayo had a decent calm.
They don't want to get too carried away with him because he's on a roll.
But of all people, Linda Robertson and Harold had a great column.
Nice going to sweetheart.
If I can ever find a goddamn thing, I got to hear somewhere in the midst of all of this
stuff.
And she makes about 5,000 great points.
Why this is such a bad deal?
And about how the money can be better spent.
So anybody who comes on a year and tells you that this is not about building schools instead
of quants and huts.
Not about kids having textbooks to take home.
Whoever tells you that is full of crap, okay?
Because it is about that.
If Alex Pinga-Pakania can somehow come up with this very creative financing for this
billionaire to build him a play tour, a playground.
For him, it is overpaid jocks.
That how come, just like Linda Robertson says at the very end of her article, she says,
just to give the same amount of effort and money that goes into building stadiums,
instead of building schools and transportation solutions and museums and support systems,
for people who can't afford to step foot in those stadiums, then we would truly say
we live in a world-class city.
Nice going, Linda.
Yeah.
Now you're talking like a real human being instead of some stupid jock.
Instead of some damn jocks kniffer.
So here's the full question for today.
Two polls in Iran and the Marlins in the middle of December, boy.
And I just mentioned in passing, that we're going to discuss it, that the popular vote
total of Al Gore's 540,000 votes ahead.
I just mentioned that.
I know the electors are doing their thing that they end up pushing in.
But I just mentioned that in passing, for the people that were saying, well wait till
all those absentee ballots are counted.
Or it's just about all done.
And the margin, the popular vote nationwide, little over 540,000 that go on by.
I just mentioned that only in passing.
Here's our poll question today.
Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins?
Yes or no?
No beating around the bush.
Use son of a bitch.
Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins?
Yes or no?
From is up or comes down?
That's our question.
See, I don't care.
I don't give a crap because I don't live in Dave County.
They're not going to take any of my money.
Here's another great thing from Linda Robertson's column.
I should read the whole thing and maybe I will.
Penelope's pledge that no public money would be used to construct the
Mickey Eris in American Airlines Arena.
But it turns out we're paying, no, you're paying, Linda, because I live in
Broward.
The Dave County taxpayers are paying $6.4 million a year to operate it and a
total of $296 million over its lifespan.
That would buy a lot of textbooks.
That would build some schools.
That would like get kids out of a quonset hut, things like that.
And again, here's another phone.
The deal cooked up behind closed doors.
And we're supposed to be all excited because now, and they've got to stay
there.
They've got to play there for at least 40 years.
I just told Greg Reed, I said, you ought to be ecstatic.
You ought to be jumping up and down 40 more years.
They'll keep you going.
It'll keep this place in Red Inc. at about 10 million a year.
That's only 400 million.
And he kind of looked, we scratch that spot on this head and went, like
that.
Take care of Michael when you're Greg and stop screwing people over
on this place.
Just because he's not a member of the family.
I'll see if his name was Reed, but that's not a Hispanic name.
He'd be in better shape.
Anyway, 10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Am I going to get excited and work up about this?
No, I've tried to tell you.
You voted a minute again, including you anglors.
Don't tell me about the Latins and the Cubans.
You voted a minute again.
He's your guy.
It's your county.
Good luck to you.
Good luck to you.
Have a great life.
I wish you nothing but the best.
Is anybody going to grow down here to Miami?
No.
People from Papi?
No.
Most of us from Rower?
No.
So now the onus will be on you.
And of course, keep in mind it's supposed to open in 2004.
That's just two years after they have the next big baseball
strike that'll make the last one look like a Sunday picnic.
Good timing, guys.
Great timing.
There'll be a lot of time for that big re-bival.
Can you imagine all the big empty facilities
we can have around this town?
We've already got all these places that don't draw flies.
Eight million sporting events, and nobody's going anywhere.
To which I say, other than the dolphins, that's a given,
but other than that.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Your enthusiastic station for the new millennium,
which is coming in a few days.
No portion of the program may be reproduced
without the exception of information of WQM,
B.C. blood test group incorporated.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
I was very scared.
I heard it was a word.
I was very scared.
I was very scared.
I was very scared.
The funniest word I ever heard.
It's right to be a perfect crime with turns.
It's always just a fancy refrigerator.
This is art and love, you see.
The bird's a word.
Pudet with the students.
Yeah, faith is the campers.
But this is how that's a little hurt.
Got those proper hills, but to be honest, yeah, so hard.
It was pretty easy.
What are you talking about?
A couple people call to say that they are going from...
Lead over on 560 that are simply not doing it.
And not in Spanish.
So can anybody hear me?
That's why there's a little call on their radio.
It's a tough day and he says it sounds fine.
Yeah, I don't believe it.
I didn't tell you which one I don't believe.
No, if stuff says it sounds fine, it sounds fine.
He's got a keen ear for AM radio.
Okay.
Yeah, he can hear it.
Not one call on the board.
So I guess I'll do what I didn't and Friday the rest of the week.
Because it's, you know, we got Hanukkah.
Miguel said it's okay.
Everything else okay?
I'll ask Grub.
He said it's just fine.
Just relax.
I don't believe these people.
It's probably John Henry's people.
Don't you remember the last time we had a controversy?
We get this setup crap.
Just like this poor.
You'll see how this thing will turn out.
And you'll say, gee, it's not as bad as we thought it was going to be.
Like we got 19 votes on our already.
12 people say no, but 7th they yes.
And I bet you're all seven of those votes
for it came from inside John Henry's bedroom.
You mark my words.
And here on the front page of the sunset.
This is the best part of the whole deal.
If I can find it in the midst of these 7,000 pages I've cut out.
Front page of the sports sector in the Sunsettle.
Here's a picture of a picture of a pro player stadium almost empty.
They're like a smattering of maybe a few hundred fans in their fans.
During a Marlon game.
Sun is shining.
Blue skies up there looks like, you know, a decent evening.
It says pro player stadium can feel like a ghost time for some Marlon games.
Team officials believe a new stadium will help raise attendance of payroll
and possibly the team's record.
Uh-huh.
Gotta get that dome stadium right there in Miami where everybody wants to go.
Don't we all want to go to Miami?
Oh!
In addition to what's the American Airlines arena that Linda Robertson's writing about.
They had to cover off a whole bunch of those upper deck seats because nobody's buying those either.
And generally speaking, the heat we're having at this moment of the year.
Our playing in front of 7,000, 8,000 people a game.
And no matter what it puts in the in the newspaper as far as the attendance.
Same with the Panthers in the Yanta Center.
We keep building more and more stadiums, more arena in a town that's not even a sports town.
Like Linda Robertson says, she says a new stadium isn't necessarily the cure.
This is a bad sports town filled with a thick with a thickled populace.
Right on, Linda, this isn't Detroit or Boston or Denver.
Henry a farmer son who's been a passionate baseball fan since childhood.
Overestimates the loyalty of his neighbors.
You got it, honey.
She says finally mirrors all over the country just to fight the stadium building frenzy by saying sports facilities stimulate economic development.
Study after study debunks that myth.
It's not true, it just doesn't happen.
It's all they're just playing with fuzzy math if I can use that expression.
To try to con the public into getting a sweetheart deal done for them.
So they can keep perpetuating this.
This town has got more different sporting events going on in front of light like we had Mark Vanderbilt was into this morning on the morning show.
Hurricane basketball, they played in the Yanta Center on Saturday in front of about 7,000 people.
And generally their crowds are like what two, three thousand games, something like that.
Unless they're playing some biggie.
How many different sporting venues can we build?
Partially or wholly with taxpayers money or somebody's money for billionaires where there's nobody going there.
What's the point?
Do we have one for volleyball yet?
We're working on that.
That'll be next.
As soon as we figure out how to figure the overs and unders, then we'll still working on a volleyball deal.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile and a West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
All right.
With a Bigot Lockdown, they have a bachelor at studying an economy company, too.
Speaking of 3 years, Zoe.
The number of nowhere they're disposing for Taeho, it's not going to be high by the time of 2019.
The number IS Di ÅŸeyi, how was it.
to get the vote times up or down on the steel.
Yeah, well, that means we're not going to get the bill.
No, that's not what it means.
Yeah, exactly.
You're still going to get the bill.
Well, we got so much money in Dave County, I guess.
We've got to spend it so we don't have to pay taxes.
But you live in Dave County?
No, no, I know.
Thank you.
I live up here in Palm Beach.
Well, there you go.
So school them, like I said, they get what they deserve.
Yeah, you know, to have a referendum, I'll pay one
you to put a stadium.
They wanted to hit everybody for a dollar.
Yeah.
And they voted it no.
I would you give me a vote.
I wouldn't give them 50 cents.
Well, that's how it went.
OK, pal, I live in Brightfield.
You and I weren't good shape.
Yeah, school dayed County.
I hate to say that, but you guys in Dave County.
Oh, we're working in Dave County.
Yeah, but very close to the county line.
Thank God.
I mean, you get what you deserve.
Ikea, that's been my line for a long time.
This, this, this, this Alex panelists, this is the Antichrist.
This is the Antichrist.
This is the same guy who lied through his teeth, got elected
in large party was never going to make backdoor deals with
billionaires.
He wasn't like Mickey Orson, do this thing to the public.
And the first public act was to make a backdoor deal with him.
And like Linda says, the public's going to be paying for for
the next eight billion years over $6 million a year just to
keep up that that dump.
And everybody that's been in there, which I haven't told me
it's a dump.
And now now that he's a lame duck and can't run again, that
because the term limit now he makes another backdoor deal.
Then he knows the public is overbombing you opposed to with
another billionaire.
Not to mention, of course, the tax that he tried to put
over on the public.
Remember they raised the tolls on the expressway on the 1-12?
Just days before that election, you're going to have to go
back in the July of 99.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we have to have more rapid transit.
They try to pull it all over the public side.
And this is a guy who's got the audacity to say when they
backed all those lines up and people were frustrated and
couldn't get to work in whatever, because people were all
confused about the increase on a toll.
I hope that pisses enough people off the whole for the tax.
Did they vote for the tax?
Oh, no, they did not.
Overwhelmingly turned it down.
This is the same guy who stood up in front of the guy,
their microphones, breathlessly, hysterical, sticking it up
Janet Reno's ass and arrest the government too.
This is the same guy who went into hiding when Al Gore needed
his help in Dave Kelly, who was supposed to be a Democrat.
And so he didn't see the mayors of Palm Beach or of a
Broward County's campaign.
The only problem being, of course, there is no mayor Palm
Beach County and there is no mayor of Broward County, but
though confused, this little piece, this little grease ball
with the facts.
See, I am getting excited because I despise every fiber in his
man's body.
That's what piece of turd he is.
He is the lowest form of slime and he epitomizes everything
that's wrong with his stout, with his state, everything.
He is the epitome of it.
He is the epiceter of scum.
His Alex Pinellas.
From the airport to Mickey Erison deals to John Henry deals,
even even Monty Hall never made deals like the ones that go
on in Dave County every single day.
And arrest the user and say, well, you know, and they can do it
because this is La La Land.
That's why they do it.
You just saw how if we are at everything.
You just saw this election.
We can't do anything right.
So good luck to you, like I said, have a great time there.
Hope it's beautiful.
560-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Listen, in regards to the baseball team, I was reading, I think,
this weekend that there was some talk of the Florida Marlins
hooking up with the board.
You better get a right there.
My any Marlins, it's going to be not Florida Marlins.
Well, and hooking up with the new Florida Atlantic football team.
No, that's old no-sir.
That was before this whole deal came down.
That's not going to happen.
So that's been put in the car.
That's dead, yeah.
I love that epicenter of scum.
That's a good one.
He is.
Hey, listen, I called and spoke to George a minute ago.
Is he doing okay today?
Or what do you mean by that?
Well, I said, good morning, George Mary Christmas, and he says,
likewise, I'm sure.
I wasn't being sarcastic.
Have a nice day, pal.
No, maybe he was, because he don't sound too, you know,
should I have said happy Hanukkah?
I don't know.
He ain't no attention, okay?
It's Monday morning and these people are, you know, probably lost a bet.
560-560, 05-60, and another one where they put the ball on,
I want to get two sports intents, because we'll lose the audience.
But the thing with the Igor Larry on, which I told you he was a stiff,
and then he had the audacity just like, oh, the Okan,
and the publicly open up a mouth, and the second guest
are criticized the coach, and you can't do that here, can you?
No.
No, not with that organization.
So now, the throw wants him back.
Good.
We'll pack your sandwich with him, take him back to Red Wings,
he's all yours.
40-year-old man plays like he's 90.
But of course, the organization here doesn't say,
well, you know something, maybe we've made a mistake,
because they don't make mistakes.
They don't make mistakes.
And again, the public has held hostage like I've been telling you,
until Wayne is good and ready and makes his deal,
this is what you're stuck with.
Oh, but they played a little bit better on the roll, they played great.
They still got six wins.
They're still in last place.
In the league.
But let's build another arena for him, maybe that'll do it.
It's a new surroundings, that'll make him feel better and play a lot better.
Of course, you'll have to pay for it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Neil, yes sir.
I'm so pissed off.
I don't even know where to start.
Yeah, starting to begin.
Well, I don't live in Miami proper,
so I don't have to deal with Mr. Powdered Dough.
However, I live in unincorporated date.
So the little, tiny, limp dick that is in office,
that somehow I'm most kind of counted last time
because he ended up back in office.
I have to deal with.
And when I heard this yesterday,
it got me so pissed off, Neil, I have two kids,
both in public elementary school.
There are about 25 kids a piece,
and each of their classes,
there are three computers sitting on a desk
that all of those kids have to take turns to use.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, we're going to pay billions of dollars
for scumbag athletes,
for some huge building that is going to be erected,
and then not used in about five years,
just like the other pink building down there.
Right.
What's going on?
I don't know.
I'm so pissed off.
I don't think I'm pissed off.
There's a lot of palms are being greased,
a lot of corruption going on
and the public is sitting back.
They're oblivious.
They don't give a crap.
How in the world could he be elected?
I have to go because I just can't talk.
Okay, calm down.
Those are guys ready to have a stroke over it.
Look at the audience's rate.
Have a stroke.
We got two calls on the board.
They don't care about anything now.
See, this right here is exactly why this goes on,
because it can.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm going to go back and play stuff again today,
like I did Friday.
We'll do it until the end of the year, I guess.
These people got nothing to say.
And like I said before, I live in Broward,
so good luck to you folks in Dave County.
You made your bed now, I sleep with them.
Oh, man, I just see the picture with them.
In fact, here's the picture on the front page of the herald.
And here's Mayor Penga Pekinga and John Henry.
He looks like he just called out of a dumpster.
What a classy guy.
I mean, at least Wayne,
at least you know with a bald head, Niley,
he looks like a real slick garbage guy, you know.
But this guy, he just looks like the garbage part.
Looks like Wayne was operating the dumpster thing,
and this guy looks like he crawled out of it.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
Hey, you want to win some cash?
Hey, now, look at this.
Where's Brian with our copy now?
Man, where's Brian?
Where's our sales department?
Get on top of this stuff.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
That special time of year is here again.
And so is Simfond, master of the slide with you.
And here's his finest album ever,
the Howday's Packing Way.
Yes, left they want the Howday's Packing Way,
right in your season this year,
with Simfond.
He's the most popular slide with you're in all of Fonding.
The master will amaze and inspire you
with his touching solo rendition of,
having fun.
Yes, you wish every night with a final bite
when you hear the Howday's Packing Way.
Here's another one.
The one in New York, Happy, and Final of the Holiday's,
and 9.95, 99.95 for albums,
or 1299.95, 99.48 track dates.
I've got 1,900 fruit cakes.
That's 1,900 fruit cakes.
Come on.
10.32, Happy Holidays.
Merry Christmas, Happy Chinooka, Happy Quanza,
and all of these other ridiculous things.
But it's good for business.
And the markets are doing okay today,
and then we're going to wait for Alan Green's Band
tomorrow to decide then.
Huh?
Yeah, let's just get out of here.
Let's just go find a nice,
and we'll take the computer in the other room.
And we'll just trade stocks, like Stuart.
Yeah.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm holding for Dale.
You're speaking to him.
No, why do you hate the Cuban so much?
What are you talking about?
You know we are good.
We're better than you are.
Yeah, okay, great.
Thank you very much.
Why do I hate the Cuban so much?
So in other words, if there's one person who happens to be Cuban,
and by the way, thank you very much for the other little shot
you're better than I am.
You should live so long, bitch.
Isn't that beautiful?
So you criticize Alex Penelope.
See, this is the problem of the old Green Tooth Cubans.
It's us.
It's us against them, just like factoring Aelia.
It's us against them.
And of course, people like Mayor Pinguapakini
need help to create that situation at Mentali.
He's specialized in it during those days.
He thrives on it.
Yeah, that's right.
That's the best you can do.
You disgusting pathetic bitch.
And you wonder why people hate you like poison?
Look in the mirror, honey.
It's not a pretty picture.
No, I don't hate her.
I hate him, though.
I hate.
I can't think of anybody I hate besides him.
Nobody.
Well, maybe Peter Leonard.
But other than that, no, I don't hate him.
I do.
He's just pathetic.
But this guy is despicable.
See, there we go.
He said, speak again.
Hear that?
You're him, say, speak.
He said, despicable.
We heard it.
You're not fooling anybody.
It's another suburmable message.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I still have a vote.
No.
On the stadium.
Uh-huh.
Secondly, that column that Lim de Rob can vote was terrific.
Yes, it was.
And then, sure, so when you get a toilet, there's a column there
that you have to read.
You see, no two men are supposed to vote for President.
The vice president from the state state.
Yeah, okay, fine.
Oh, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
We're not talking about President and vice president.
We're not talking about that dick who lives in Texas.
But pretend he lives somewhere else.
Get with it.
Will you?
Let it go.
Turn it loose.
It's over.
And President Cruz and Jane feelings so good.
Need his president harding.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Okay.
I don't live in, I just moved actually out of date.
I moved to plantate.
Congratulations, sir.
Oh, thank you.
But, you know, it bothers me just the same.
I lived in daycowdy most of my life.
And, you know, it's frustrating.
What are we, or what are they now?
What are people supposed to do?
What can they do?
I mean, decide.
What they ought to be doing is barrage the commissioners,
the metro commissioners, and also the city of Miami commissioners
with phone calls and emails and telegrams and saying,
no way, Jose, don't try to pull this crap over on us.
I'm not pulling us.
It just seems like nothing works anymore.
They just do whatever they want.
And, you know, the one thing that we were told was, you know, well, on a lucky day,
that's when you got to get out of your ass and let your voice be heard.
And what was I just saying on Friday about how the fact George Bush is the one that put this over on the public,
he's not the one that made with John Henry.
Of course, they already built him, he's dating before he sold the theme in Texas.
But that's beside the point.
Right.
But the fact is that the people right here, and they keep putting the same joke,
Caroleos back in there and Alex Pinga Picania, the same crooks they keep putting back in there,
over and over again.
Right.
So, what did they complain about?
Right.
And even if they want to talk about, you know, George Bush, the reality is that it's our local crooks that help him facilitate the state.
That's totally correct.
Without the scumbags that we put in locally, the national picture doesn't happen the way it is.
Absolutely right.
You know, hopefully people do what you said.
I think a lot of people just don't know what you're about.
You know what I think they're going to do?
I don't think they're going to do a goddamn thing.
I don't think they're going to list a finger.
Well...
I've been here too long.
I've been here 25 years, and I've watched them pull it over on the public here,
time after time with the metro rail.
You name it.
In fact, one that's defeating that penny sales tax that the panelists try to put over on the public cloud,
you're going to lie.
That's the first time in recent, and any memory that I have, that they finally had the back bonus stand up and say no.
Well, I think unfortunately people are just beaten down and they just...
That's just an excuse.
That's just an an excuse.
Well...
They're not beaten down.
It's just they don't give a crap.
They don't care whether they're kids or go into quonset huts,
or if they have textbooks to bring home, or if they have computers that they can use.
You know, they don't care about that.
All this other stuff in the talk about education, just like I said during their presidential campaign,
it's all window dressing.
America doesn't care about those things.
All they kid...
The priorities in this country are going to be the re-nation of it.
Well, unfortunately you might be right.
Okay, good luck to us.
Good luck to us.
Okay, see.
The decline and fall of the American Empire.
You're seeing it right now, right in front of you.
I didn't say Empire.
I said Empire.
All of this bull crap about ball games.
I mean, I realize this is the sports nerds station, so I had probably not a great idea to say it,
but I'll say it anyway.
Ball games are like parches, they're like monopoly, they're like tidally wings, they're like bad men.
You know, it's like a little tiny, very relatively unimportant part of life.
A lot of money there, because a lot of stupid people continue subsidizing it.
Plot of money.
Yeah, right.
And I know that I'm...
Absolutely correct.
I've got my thumb right on it.
But when frivolous pastimes become more important than the safety of your kids, for example,
or they're the kind of education they're getting, or the kind of mentality,
I mean, take a look at this last election.
And the comments that we got here day after day, week after week, month after month.
People wouldn't know where to stick it, but if somebody held it in their hand for them and punched it,
I'm not just talking about the ballot.
But we got to have more ball games, we got to keep subsidizing billionaires, that's what we got to keep doing.
This picture here, I'm going to save this one, I'm cutting this out and I'm saving it.
Two of the biggest losers in the history of my life, Alex Pingapakania and that little weasel John Henry.
Look at that.
Did you see this picture? Look at him.
It's really nauseated.
If you look up the word shrumper in the Greek dictionary, you'll see his picture right next to it.
This is 560 QAS, the Neil Rogers Show, sports radio, 560 QAS.
Gordon gets South Florida a major blowjob.
Oh, that's a draw.
Oh, that's a draw.
Oh, that's a draw.
I got a book here called IBS Relief, which don't ask me who wrote it, there's no any business.
I got several books about IBS, irritable bowel.
It says, one substance that can trigger irritable bowel systems is sorbitol, which may cause diarrhea.
Sorbitol is found in a variety of fruits and plants, it uses locality sweetener.
It's not well digested, which makes it a good locality sweetener, but the same property may produce symptoms of indigestion, such as gas, bloating, diarrhea.
And abdominal pain.
Common foods containing significant amounts of sorbitol and food peaches, apple juice, pears, sugarless gum, and diatetic jams, and diatetic chocolate.
Another dietary constituent that may cause irritable bowel symptoms is olystria, a new calorie-free fat substitute made from vegetable oils and sugar.
Olystria doesn't provide any calories because it's not digested or absorbed like sorbitol.
It may cause consumers of the product or experience digested symptoms of gas, bloating, diarrhea, and abdominal pain.
How do you like that?
The sorbitol part is the most important part to me because I don't eat olystria, but sorbitol, you know, to stir with that.
All those diatetic candies and all that other stuff, loaded with maltatol and sorbitol, anything that ends in oil, that'll just tear your guts out.
It'll make you sh** right, and tear your guts out too on top of it.
86 people have voted on our poll so far on uridges.com. Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins?
68, no? 18, yes. That comes out to 79% no, 21% yes. Mr. Henry.
Not that he cares. Here's Carl Springs, hello.
Yes, Neil. You keep playing that one thing about I must be crazy, I must be not.
I wish you had one that he would, the court that he said that he would build it with his own money if he had to.
Right, because this line...
Oh yeah, but that was just another line. Don't you remember when he said, well, if we build it, it would happen only via 25,000 seats stadium, and we couldn't compete.
So why even bother doing it? Yeah, that was just another f**king line.
Yeah, like everything out of his mouth and the other two y'all who's down in the south.
Right. The one thing that bothers me though, as much as they say, this is going to be dayd money and it's going to affect date, we live in this crazy state.
Somehow it's going to come out of your pocket in my pocket.
Or, sure, I can tell you, not just some houses, the state legislator will provide a rebate of state sales tax money estimated to $122 million.
So that, that's statewide.
Right, is that everybody up in Duval, or will Lee or any place else should be upset about that?
Right, but at least that's a one time hit by, as opposed to the people who are going to have to pay the upkeep on this turkey forever, never just like on the Mickey-Air Centaurina.
They have 40 years now when the team leaves and they have to build it'll be like the other stadium that's still sitting down there.
That's right.
There's a better picture than the paper today that really makes you want to drop in this paper.
There's one of Corroyo, Penelope, and Henry together.
Yeah, I see it.
You just want to move it.
You want to put the paper away.
Uh-huh.
Well, have a good one.
Okay, thanks.
Joe Carrroyo, Mayor Pinga Piccania and John Henry, a match made in purgatory.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Perfect match.
And by the way, keep in mind the city of Miami also comes up with money here.
They would contribute revenues from their parking search charge with $26 million.
This is the bankrupt city of Miami, the city that has no money.
The city that the state almost had it well like within two minutes of coming in and taking over the city because their finances are so suspect and bet and they don't have two nickels to rub together.
That city.
Here's our good, dear friend.
Hello.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
Happy prom.
Happy Hanukkah.
Happy Chinooka.
At Thursday night you liked the first candle.
No, not me.
Not you, well, God's a bit.
No.
Yeah.
And Neil.
Good people looking for a hobby.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I got sick because we didn't win.
You know what?
We didn't win what.
Oh, no, that's the president.
Don't get sick about it.
It's not worth it.
Outdoor.
Yeah, don't worry about it.
No.
Another glacier cup.
Don't worry about him.
I was in the hospital.
For what?
On a Tuesday I went for my annual physical and on the EKJG they showed the fluctuation of the
heart.
Yeah.
The doctor said I have to go in immediately.
So I was in for four days but I'm home now.
And what was it?
And not that.
It's something home and I was there taking care of me.
The nurse comes and they give me a shower and a therapist for a month.
Yeah.
And what did they tell you?
It was wrong.
Well, I don't know.
They took an echo, a colleague, a graph.
Right.
But they don't tell you anything.
You're okay to go home.
Well, so I haven't only got a good insurance, right?
Yeah.
Well, they're raising your insurance company.
I don't worry about it.
I have to go to the doctor Friday just for a check-up.
Well, let me give you one piece of advice when you go to the doctor.
I have no Friday bulls**t on them.
Huh?
Do you hear what I said?
They don't take any bulls**t on them.
Yeah, you said it.
Okay, that's what I told you.
Okay, you hang in there.
Yeah.
Thank you.
And have a happy.
You too.
Bye-bye.
56670560, 0560, 0560, 08T and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's say a prayer.
Let's hope that Alex picked a pink picanha pecan.
He goes to hell immediately.
Why do you hate to Cuban people?
That call was just exactly what you'd expect in this town.
That was so perfect.
I think that was a set up Nicaragua.
No.
Oh, there you go.
There goes George again.
It wasn't really a Cuban.
It must have been a Nicaragua.
Maybe it was a Mexican, yeah.
Uh-huh.
We don't have any Mexican in this town.
But phones.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Yeah, no.
Cubans don't make any mistakes.
No.
Anyhow, I'm just kidding.
Not in Georgia's family.
Well, not in my family's mother.
Just kidding.
And I'll let those other relatives.
The my understanding is of what is coming out of tax fair.
The reason that it's not going into a vote or tax fairs is because there's not going to be any new taxes from this deal.
I reckon we have a long on that one.
The second is what Dave County is contributing is $100 million from the hotel surplus fund.
Yeah.
And over 40 years, I just want to set the record straight.
And I'm not for the stadium.
But the question is $100 million over 40 years amounts to about $2.5 million a year.
The question Dave County residents have to ask themselves is major league baseball worth $2.5 million a year out of their hotel surplus fund?
Not whether the stadium is billing for dollars because it's not.
And not whether it's $358 million coming out of Dave County tax fairs money.
Because that's not the situation.
Well, I'm going to let you $1 million.
No, let me just read you one paragraph from Linda Robertson's comp says when all are said and done public funds, public funds will pay for 70% or 266 million dollars of the project.
$266 million over 40 years.
Even if that was true, that number she's giving is true.
And you're forgetting that in Seattle,
the crossed overruns were $100 million to build their stadium.
So this is just based on a wishful thinking scenario.
But the question is not talking billions of billions of dollars.
No, there are a lot of questions like why should anybody donate the land?
He wants them to donate the land for it. Why should they do that?
Well, like I said, I'm not for against the state.
And I haven't seen the specifics of the plan, but I know it's all right there in both newspapers.
Well, I haven't read the newspaper that I was in court earlier today.
But I just want to narrow it down to what is actually going to be spent on the financial phase.
And the fans would be spending four. Of course, those are the ones who are stupid enough to go $4% surcharge on all the tickets to the games.
But that's fine. Hey, that's fine. I think it should.
And the bankruptcy of Miami would contribute $2 million a year.
$2 million a year? Again, the question is $2 million. $4 million.
No, no, that's the city of Miami.
Right, right. That's the thing.
The question is, what do people want to pay for keeping Major League Baseball here? I like that said.
I wouldn't pay $15.
That's okay. Well, that's your opinion.
But the cars that are saying this is costing billions of dollars.
Let me ask you why is it important to keep Major League Baseball here? Why?
I'm not saying it is. It is for some people. It is for some people.
Well, obviously, I'm talking about this.
They have a vision that downtown Miami 30 years from now is going to talk to you.
Oh, the ones that we've been hearing that ever since I've been here.
That's the Miami hero. That's the special interest down there.
Yeah, but if you look at the population trends, they can't build out left anymore due to the Everglades and the environmentalists rightfully so because they shouldn't.
And the population continues to increase. At some point, there will be a regression back to the downtown urban area of Miami.
No. You don't think so? No, no, not.
Actually, I'm not expecting my property to go seriously up in value in the next 10, 20 years.
Well, good luck to you. Okay.
Okay. Let me $50. Okay, let him build a stadium.
Oh, he lives on brick. Oh, well, excuse me.
5.67 over a poor schlepper like this kid. 5.67 over 5.60 pound. 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
How's that poor coming? 121 votes.
80% say, absolutely. No, we can pose it. What's it? No.
Oh, that's what I thought he said. 97 out of 121 just said no to Mayor Penga Picania.
And John Hemingall is other goyam. 24 people said, yes. What's that that just walked in the door there?
Looks like a pizza or something. What is that?
George.
Pardon? What is that?
Croquis, I believe it's potato pancakes.
Potato pancakes. All right. Thank you very much and happy Christmas and Chinooka to you, sir.
And Crocs and all those other good things.
What did I tell you? Croquis and potato pancakes.
Well, how do you like that?
See now we got reason to be happy. Of course, my blood sugar will go away up and my weight and my...
...gird. That's okay. It's a special holiday.
There's always an excuse in there. I'm sure you bet. You bet your sweet ass.
Here's a call from Orlando. Hello?
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Long time no call. Anyway, I'm going to try to stumble through this.
Go stumble, stumble away.
Got so much to say. Please keep me on here because the last thing is going to be good.
The other night I was listening to radio station and I gushed up all places of the Beasley station.
Yeah. Bad mistake.
Yeah. Some guy was talking to me sound for a movie sound like Ron Bennington, but he was talking about the FCC and they wouldn't let you say certain things on the air.
Can you imagine if Neil Rogers was the first man on the moon? He goes, oh, I mean, Neil Armstrong.
But if your Rogers is my lover, you're...
Your power from Tampa Lionel.
Yeah.
But anyway, the reason I call, you're from Canada, correct?
No. Well, I think I will.
Maybe he's sitting right.
Yeah.
But you're always talking about censorship and how when you go abroad on TV, they show everything.
There's a website and it's a Canadian website.
And it downloads real play and it's got live stream video with four women doing the news.
It's called make it news.com.
It's unbelievable. And there's no path orders and no anything.
Okay. Great. Well, you go enjoy it and have a good time doing it.
What the hell was he talking about?
Naked Canadians?
Here's a fact from Anna who says I'm going to have an endoscopy and colonoscopy end of the year.
Cute way of putting that. The end of the year.
And I've been putting it off for several years due to fear.
I'm going under general anesthesia due to multiple narcotic use.
What does that mean? Multiple narcotic use. A junkie.
Many people said there's some discomfort due to gassing.
After the procedure, would you briefly tell me how you felt?
Well, briefly, that's it.
No, no, seriously.
That is true because when they do the colonoscopy, they stick this tube up your hose up your rectum.
They give you the hose job and they push air up in there to really clean everything out,
even though you've already done your part.
So then after they finish and you come to the procedure is totally painless.
And I have no fear. You lay there, you don't know anything happened.
You don't even know what they were doing up in there or what they put in there.
But at any rate.
And you're all done in your lie in there and you just hope that they don't come anywhere near you
because they tell you ahead of time.
Don't worry about it. Just let it all out because you're going to be loaded with gas.
And you just lay there and you're like, oh.
And the best part of it is you have to worry about it smelling because there's nothing in there anymore.
So at least you don't have to be too embarrassed and you try to do it as...
No, it is quietly.
Yeah, like that is possible.
Yeah.
So don't worry about it.
And good luck to you in happy holidays, etc.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
The decision so far very, very strongly against your plan is to ping a picanha.
And I'd like to ask you one thing, George, how come you don't like the Cuban people?
This is 5, 6, 8, QAF for 3D-560.
WQA-M by Hammy Fort Lauderdale, a visa.
Gas group station, WQAM.com for the world.
I like the Wii Wii.
In 1611, the Bible was translated from Latin into the King James Bible.
And now, well over three centuries later, books on tape presents the King James Sound Bible.
James recites the book of Genesis.
He doesn't know it's his.
He'll be a butter.
The story of Moses and the Burning Busch.
A pig.
And the Tower of Battle.
I know how he's not funny.
There's a new testament to, Blaseron, Brave from the Dead.
Get up, fast.
Get over here.
James, things from the book of Matthew.
Take care.
Come on.
Take care.
And of course, the book of James.
All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them.
A bit trail by Jesus.
Go back.
I want to kiss the bell.
And of course, the resurrection.
I'm going to kiss the bell.
I'm going to kiss the bell.
Go on those more about judgment day than the Godfather of Seoul.
And so James also, things of self-famous flames.
I'm going to kiss the bell.
Get up, fast.
What King James Sound Bible.
Get up, fast.
Okay, we'll make you do a shed, Miguel.
We've got the potato lockers here, up the olden year, your logo.
Thanks to Corkeys.
Corkeys located at 671 Northwest, 100th place, corner of Palm,
and your Johnson in Pemberton, and the center of the 80 billion potato pancakes
with apple sauce and sour cream.
And they are delicious.
George took about 70, 80 of them in there and he's working on them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You get everything straight now with Greg as he okay now.
5, 6, just straighten him out.
Okay, punch him in the nose a couple of times and straighten him out.
Bring him back to reality.
That's what he needs.
Get sick and tired of his attitude.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Cubinator.
Yeah.
Oh, that was it.
Okay, good one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, that's why I pretend that I like Miguel because I have, you know,
I've got to like some Cuban.
Why the hell, it might as well be him.
Then of course, he's always George.
Here is a Candel Lake.
Tell him.
I know, I know.
Okay, for a Cubanator.
Yeah, I always had my tax money going up.
Now I have to support this bamboo's old stadium that's going to be built.
Also, I just, just one more stadium.
That's all we want.
Just one more.
Yeah, just one more.
Another thing, I think the people often, for hours, should be telling me,
and change the name of the Miami Dauphin to the Florida Dauphin since their headquarters is up in Davy.
Yeah, that's true.
Good point.
Yeah, I know.
How about the Broward Dauphin?
That's right.
The Broward Dauphin.
I can hear it now.
Sounds good.
The Florida Dauphin.
For all of Neil.
Yeah, I don't know.
Okay, I got another point.
This Mayor Pennyworth.
He's just, I don't know what he's doing, but you know, half the people down here.
Even so.
They're at the Colombian Proof, and it's in the Coralcone.
They don't like baseball.
Think about it.
They're soccer fans.
Yeah.
What do they got to do with baseball?
It's obvious.
Nobody likes baseball.
They averaged 15,000.
There was 28th out of the 30 teams in Major League Baseball and Attendance.
And don't give me a sign of an answer.
It was because of the rain because there was just as much rain.
The deer that drew through them and then people.
The first year that they were here.
There's no, there is no market for baseball here.
I mean, there's four South Americans.
What's the good example?
The summer time has sprue when all the snowboards are gone.
When a 50% of population is needing to hear anymore.
Right.
And Colombians don't like baseball.
Okay, but at the time you said that.
What do you got against Colombians?
They're probably not giving me any good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
It was an emergency lady that called.
We watched a lot of the roads.
You disrupt our city.
You want to set your own form policy.
Okay.
And what other city has two traffic control powers in the same place.
And two basketball readers are next to each other.
You know, so Neil, keep up the fight.
And that means you to her.
Okay.
Well, why would you?
Sure.
Goodbye.
Why would you dignify her with an answer other than to speed your anti-cuban venom?
If Alex Pingapakania was Colombian, which this guy was just talking about,
if he was from the moon, we're making a difference to me.
I don't care if he's Cuban or not.
He's just an asshole.
He's a divisive obnoxious piece of crap and a crook.
He has enemy number one in this town and in this state.
Public enemy number one.
Mayor Pingapakania.
Make no mistake about it.
Here's a mobile in color ridge.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing, Neil?
I got two points to make.
One's about the herald and the other one.
I must be in the minority because I'm all for a baseball stadium and I feel
if they don't spend that money on that, they're going to piss it away somewhere else.
What do you mean, like on schools and about things like that?
Yeah, unfortunately.
Yeah.
But my point about the herald, did you see the front page today?
What does that mean?
They're going to piss it away with somewhere else.
Like there aren't important things to spend your money on?
Did you see the front page, the sports section?
Sure. Why won't you answer the question?
Why won't you answer the question?
Well, I know about the stupid article about Sphala because the people are right about hockey
only right what they tell them to write.
We're just repeating, that's all booze.
Why don't you have only Yoke and then?
What?
Was that a picture of only Yoke and then that was the picture?
I don't know.
I don't think it's him in the picture.
Well, let me tell you.
Anyway, Neil, I don't think a lot of your time.
Oh, of course not because you don't want to defend your idiotic comment.
You won't answer my question.
Let me take a look at the picture and I'll tell you if it's only Yoke and then.
And first of all, you tell by the number 12 and 24, although there's a two in both of them,
they don't look exactly alike.
Where the hell is that picture?
Which paper is that in?
I can't.
I can't call them.
God damn it.
I got the sports sections all torn up because I got the articles about the state.
Which who the hell cares if they made a mistake on who's in the picture?
We'll fit right in.
Here's the picture.
Okay, let me take a look.
Yeah, it's only Yoke and then you're right.
Now, good point.
Like I said, good call.
Robert Spayler helped spark the Panthers research and then you're right.
It's picture only Yoke and very good sir.
You just redeemed yourself.
Which paper is that?
Oh, it's the hero.
Not another major mistake in the hero.
Oh, geez.
How embarrassing.
Of course, they're beyond embarrassment.
They ought to be used to it by now.
They can't get anything right.
What a bunch of bozos.
See, that again is the problem.
Although I will say Linda Robertson, nice go on.
Michael Mayo also nice go on in the Sunsettle.
Two good columns telling you exactly why that last guy was full of crap.
Oh, yeah, we're all speaking of that.
Look at that.
It must be psychic.
Here's Mike Mayo right now.
He's called a apologize to Dave Alberstein.
Thank you.
How are you?
Okay.
I just want you to clarify a couple of financial things.
There's going to be a lot of numbers on it and people are going to get all confused because that's what the policy is.
Okay, just now listen.
Can we get this out of the way before you do that?
What, the apology?
Yeah, just say it real quick.
Oh, well, I mean, even if you don't mean to just say it.
I'm sorry.
Okay, he said I'm sorry.
That's it.
Okay, move on.
I talked to Dave Alberstein.
He's making a lot more money now.
Good. Good for him.
I've got a lot of money, too, doesn't she?
Yeah.
She's loaded.
So here's the deal.
Okay.
So this stadium is allegedly going to cost $385 million.
But what happens is when you build a new stadium,
you've got to go to the bond market and what they're going to do is go to the bond market and raise $385 million in current day funds.
In order to pay off those bonds over the long term, it's going to cost a lot more, probably closer to about $1.4 billion.
Oh, and what they're going to do is basically you have to pledge where are you getting your sources to repay the bonds?
And what's going to happen is it's going to cost about 30 to 35 million dollars a year.
Now, the bottom line is of this 30 to 35 million dollars a year, the mullins say they're going to put in $6 million a year.
But in actuality, it's only about half that because the county is going to give them $3 million a year from the naming.
Right.
So basically the team is only going to put in about 10% of the money that they need every year to repay the bonds, which means the public is going to pay about 90% from various sources, including the sales.
And the sales tax, which isn't coming from around the state, and to clarify what they want to do is use a law and get the legislature to allow it to be used where it basically, everything that gets generated in this new stadium, the sales tax that would normally go to Tallahassee for the general state fund, would instead go to paying off the stadium.
And they're estimating it would be $7 million a year. So it's not actually people who are paying sales tax in Broward or in D'Gal.
None of their money will be gone from a state fund.
Yeah, but stop a thing about this from the standpoint of any other private business man, not only would they look like a restaurant guy, not only would they build on a restaurant, but they also the sales tax that you ordinarily would have to pay, they'll just give it back to them to build his restaurant.
Well, well, I mean, that's what I'm totally opposed to this.
Let me just spell it out. And then so that's the account, not $7 million a year from that, and $6.5 million from the ticket surcharge was coming from the fans, which, you know, that basically that is a fair tax because the people who are using the facility are being tax-forced.
And then you've got that, you know, parking surcharge, which is coming from the city of Miami, which actually has to be approved by the city.
And then you've got, and then, you know, you've got this whole thing about where the tax-free restaurant, the hotel, tourist taxes, which is, you know, from that convention, the dollar intact, which specifically those funds are earmarks for projects that benefit tourism.
And the moving thing is when you study how many people out of baseball game are tourists from out of town, I think it's probably less than probably 2% or less.
Yeah, much I don't know how much this will stimulate tourism, but I prevent to be able to use these funds for a baseball stadium. They might have a little type from the hotel and the convention bureau, but we'll see about that.
But the final line is the team is going to put up about 10% of the money. And based on the revenues and the way the profit sharing is going to go, they're going to get about 90% or 95% of the profits from the stadium.
So that's a pretty good deal for the team. I like that kind of thing. I like that. I like that just once.
And it's not a very good deal for the public. And of course, you know, if I would live in Miami, that'd be furious about this, especially because it's never going to be put to a vote of a public. It's a typical end-around deal.
Yeah. And, you know, it's been a pretty bad autumn for democracy, especially that in Miami.
Well, like you, I live in Broward. So I'm doing car wheels right next to you.
Yeah, we'll just have to drive a little bit and spend a little extra money on gas.
Like I said, you'll have to drive a little bit further and you'll have to spend a little more money on gas.
Well, I have to go because it's my job. I know. I don't think a lot of people come up in North. They're going to be making the traffic that time Miami.
But, you know, John Henry's confidence that this is enough of a time based on that.
And not to mention the fact that this is all supposed to begin 2004, two years after what's going to be a disaster strike for baseball.
Yeah. And the other thing is, you know, now they're playing with payrolls on the south. We're going to be able to afford a $70 million payroll once we get the stadium.
Well, okay, but by that point, the Yankees are going to have about a $200 million dollars payroll.
So you're still not going to be able to compete. I mean, the whole sport until baseball gets its house in order and gets itself fixed.
What's the point? And, you know, good luck to Miami Day. Let them have them.
And I guess if anybody deserves each other, I guess, I guess more.
It's a nice, I wouldn't have them in baseball. You got it.
Okay, my happy Chinooka. Bye-bye.
10 past 11 at 5.50 WKM. That's Mike May, who apologized that they've helped understand kind of a half past.
Whatever you did nonetheless, they said you got a lot of money. He don't need my help.
Yeah, right on target. Good columns by Mike May, and Linda Robertson in both of those papers today, which they spell out for you very clearly.
What a scan this is. How it's not going to work. How the public is going to get raped once again.
And like Mike just said, what's the point? What is the point of building it?
Well, by that time, the salary thing is going to be so spiral out of control in addition to which who's going to care about baseball anymore after one gigantic strike that's going to make the last one look like child play.
But, you know, it sure will be an interesting landscape having an empty building, empty a ring over here, empty stadium, whatever it is.
Another one here, a couple blocks away here. Another one there. The Panthers used to play here.
We'll make them into God in the museums.
It's 11 after 11 at 5.50 WQM. The first step of any journey is by far the most important step.
Today, we take that first step in securing the future of baseball in South Florida for at least the next 40 years.
The Marlins are a community asset. Now we'll surely become an enduring and clear symbol of our region's vitality and greatness.
Oh, man, am I blown away by that or what? Well, you first packed it. That's what we'd like to ask you, John Henry. That must have been the reason. Just blown it right out your ass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 6, 8, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
So the reason that he's doing this is because he knows his political career is over. Yeah. After this thing with the recent election, there's no way he could ever get elected as a Democrat, and the Republicans wouldn't have it. The other thing, the detail that everybody's missing out on this is that if you look at the numbers, they're talking about building this stadium for $385 million. If you look at the type of stadium that they're building, the reality is there is no way on God's Green Earth that they're going to be able to build what they want or what they say they want to build for $385 million.
So what's going to happen? There's going to be cost overruns. Who's going to have to pick up the cost overruns? In Milwaukee, in San Diego, they're building new stadiums now in Pittsburgh. All of those, who do you think had to pick up the cost overruns? You got it, the taxpayer. There is not enough KY jelly on the planet to get this deal to go through. And the only other thing that I want would like to say in closing is in 94, it's Leslie Gore.
Okay, take care. She said it's her party. And she'll cry and she'll run if she wants to. Okay, thanks. 1117 560 WQM. We got Hank Goldberg at your list, eight to two. We got Josh 06 to 630 because we got a big game tonight, baby. Smell that pressure.
Panther preview at 630. Panther's at the range of seven o'clock tonight. And then you got on Waxi, Hurricane Warm-up Eastern Illinois at the Huracones at the Miami Arena, the old Miami Arena. The one that's usually empty and probably will be tonight too. Anybody got to go see Eastern Illinois play the Huracones in basketball? No.
I'm going to be looking at great interest to see the attendance for that game tomorrow morning in the papers. That game pregame 715 game time 730 on Waxi 790 with a great Mark Pandemere. And then we got Rams at the Buckeneers. Now finally we got a good Monday night football game. There have been a few this year, several as a matter of fact, but this is a real good one. Rams at the Buckeneers joined in progress. Right after the Panthers and the Rangers. And Robert Svelas going to be playing tonight disguised as Oli Okan and just to piss off Terry Murray.
Here's South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. Good. You know, things are going to get much worse than did he carry before they're going to get better. Do you remember? I know you left you guy. During the election, remember when we were all that talk about Panthers becoming a Republican? Do you know what that was all about?
Yeah, he was in power. Have we know that that's all news? Yeah. Okay. Well, that's going to happen. There's going to be a strong layer and he's going to be able to run again and he'll run against this guy, Loxa, who's the Republican Congressman.
And we'll have a Republican leader. Step here in day county and it's frightening prospect. What are the make which party what they call themselves? It's a frightening process. You've already got the same bozos. Well, what what are the make what party affiliation they claim?
Yeah, I guess you got to the right and then to the right of the tell of the hunt. Sorry. Yeah. No, it's not a question. The right or the left. It's called crooks. Crooks.
Crooks. The liberal crooks. Conservative crooks. That's all we've ever had in day county. Nothing but crooks. Whether it's Barry Schreiber or Joe Gersten or Joe Caroleal. It's not making it. It's if they're black. If they're white. If they're Hispanic. If they're Jewish. I'll be having crooks.
It's a remuted triangle comes right down. Dixie highway. You got it. You got it. See you on the metro rail.
5 6 7 0 5 on the new leg. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8th. This business of Democrats and Republicans in the state of Florida. Who's getting home?
Man. And just like that jackass deco. Oh, Bobby Butterworth for governor. 92 against Jeff. Yeah. That's your turns me on.
Just like Jim Nogel. There's another real good Democrat and for a lot of. Fanatical hateful piece of crap. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How you doing? They'll great. I think we should build the stadium because I think it's essential to this area.
Yeah, man. I mean, you're from an area where everything that you know all your talents and everything has revolved around the theater and sports. You know, I know you like that guy from Chicago Cubs. The announcer, all that stuff revolves around these types of buildings.
And the only way for that to keep going is to build these buildings. I mean, I mean, it's just a cultural thing that we should do just for the general.
Let me ask you something. How long have the Marlins been here? Wait a year. And how did this town survive before they got here on tourism? But this is in a tourism town or this is where people want to live? Not a tourist town. What's the number one industry here?
Tourism. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. He's old for it. He lives in Hollywood. Yeah. He's a schmuck. Yeah, basically. This is the brainwashing of the public.
Baseball is essential to the, yeah, and then they go back to that world class city thing again. I mean, this is this is a joke. This is a bushly freaking down.
So it's like a contest. How many more big venues can we have with nobody in them? That's the contest.
At the end of the year, who's going to have the most empty seats? And of course, this is only going to be a 40,000 seats stadium.
They want to play it safe. So it might look pretty good with, you know, 18, 20,000 people in it. At least it'll look half full half empty, depending on how your glass is tilted.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. And don't worry about it. By the way, Alex and John Henry, don't worry about it. These people aren't with that. They couldn't care less.
It doesn't involve ethnic hate. So they're not, they don't care. Believe me. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello?
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? What's up? How you doing? Okay. I got an idea for this whole situation. What we do is we put the casino. You see illegal. I can see you. You live gambling. It'll pay for itself. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Am I wrong? What does that mean?
What do you mean? You legalize gambling? You can't legalize gambling. You're in Florida, sir. You have to get out of here.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on how is it possible that there are so many dumb people in one place? How is it possible? Gravity. I think you're missing the gravity of the situation, Mr.
I'm not sure. You see the opposite of levity. 5 6 there ain't no levity with this. Now with this crowd. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And this is my last shot at it. Otherwise, like I said, I mean the ratings are over until new year and they hit back and play a bunch of crap.
These people got up and say the dial is up a couple hundred points. The electors are doing their electing and how about the NASDAQ? Not doing too well within NASDAQ. And according down 40, down 40 cents.
You know something CNN you make me sick to my stomach. Can I look at it at CNBC? Down $4.10 cents. CNN can't even get their goddamn graphics right on there.
Here's a mobile in Pepperpines. Hello. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. As the hits just keep on coming, baby. The hits just keep on coming. That's what Fredo said.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. The guy was calling about the camera. That's real smart. Yeah. I'm telling you. Well, we've had a run on schmucks. I don't know. I know. He should play with his mic.
I'm not talking too. Play with the monkey. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Do we have anybody with IQ bigger than their monkey today? No.
I mean, when Michael Mayo is the best caller, they are so far. What does that tell you? Don't take it personal, Mike, but you know, we know why you're in newspaper business. Here's Kendall. Hello.
Good morning, you know, yes, sir. Listen, um, why don't they just move the monitor to probably Maduro Stadium? It will save them the part of money and it's five 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
How stupid could they be? They got to build another stadium down there in the city of Miami. Is anybody looked at that new stadium they built for the heat lately? How many people they put in there?
They're beginning to pack it in their head at least behind for the last game. Yes. If you watch TV, watch those games, which I don't. I was 7 8,000. That's all they're getting. Yes. Well, I guess that's pretty much the same with our panthers too, but that's another story for another day. I don't understand. No, it's not. It's not another story. It's part of the same story. It's crazy. It's all it's crazy. That salaries, the paying the guy more than a damn franchise is worth based on. I don't understand it. We can't relate to it.
That's right. That's part of the problem. Less and less people are going to go and hopefully one day they'll all go away and restructure you.
Like I said, if we had loads of money for all the other things that are really important like schools and education and books and highways and all the things they really have to do with everyday life and there should be important, then there would be no problem.
We got a lot of luck we have having too much money around, but unfortunately we don't have that. Well, they've taken it away from us. When we were kids and used to go home and watch World Series right after school. Have you ever seen a World Series game in the afternoon?
Not anymore because it's all about money. They got to get the only way they can get to ratings and sell those $8 billion commercials they have to have it on a prime time.
That's it. You got 30 million in about six months. But again, they keep shooting themselves in the faith because just like to play off this last year in these World Series games, they keep getting later and later.
And everybody's including the little kids who they want to watch to make them future fed. They're all sleep by the time the games in the fifth inning already.
Yeah, I don't know too many kids have played too much baseball anymore. They all have hockey at the New Garage. There you go. All right, Neil. Have a great life, pal. This two shall pass like a bad kidney stone. It'll pass.
5 6 7 0 5 6. You good potato pancakes from cookies. Happy. What wouldn't it be as it started Thursday 21st? Yes, sunset Thursday.
The first night of Hanukkah. Just be sure like those candles and see the Jews know how to do it eight times better than the Goyom. They give eight great gifts.
Of course they're like little, you know, chotchkes. I'm opening up a Jewish specialty store. It's going to be called chotchkes for geckies. Yeah, right next to the Vatican.
I'm going to open a place next store called Toyum for Goyom. Goyum, Aras. 26 past 11 at 5 60. You have to go forget tomorrow night. Big night at the pizza lot.
We'll have the best meal CDs and cassettes and t-shirts and those free buttons not keychain those free Neil buttons that are you got to see them to believe they're free and even some of those stupid picture cards.
The Neil Roger show sports radio 5 60s Q a half. What are we to meant to play before was. No, that wasn't it. Can you believe it? It's like a conspiracy.
One more time. What is that? I don't know. That's why keep letting it go.
Hey kids come to the table. Dinner's ready. All right. All extra.
Come on, sir. And your house and bring the family on the run. All extra makes any meal better. Use it on your meatloaf. Melt it over chicken.
Smirred on bread for school lunches. And use it to spice up your forearm. Chili. All extra next to the Peptobizmol in your supermarkets. All extra tastes great.
Well, I really meant to play was.
The little box of new potato chips because ain't got any fat. But now we're after I did in the John I fast. I knew they had some side of sticks but I thought I'd take a chance.
But right after I followed them I felt my colon dance. Hey, oh, let's turn my pal. He gives you seas. Now I'm in the can of squatting with my pants around my knees. Hey, oh, let's turn now. I'm afraid to sneeze because I might feel something disgusting running down my knees.
I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag. I should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me your bag. So with you, we shouldn't be surprised if your belly hurts. And then about an hour you'll have the electric skirts.
Hey, oh, let's turn my mouth. He gives you seas. Now I'm in the can of squatting with my pants around my knees. Hey, oh, let's turn now. I must take this. Me because I might feel something disgusting running down my knees.
I'm afraid you too for you. I BS and good sufferers and just other people have general discomforts after meeting a lot of the crap that's peddled nowadays like that. Sober tall stuff. Anyway, great potato pancakes from cookies. We thank them again profusely. I've had about 40, 50 so far and just getting going as a matter of fact.
Yeah, I was thinking during the break. Thank God we've had like a lot of good honest Jewish politicians here like Donald Worshaw and Scott Cown and Joe Gerstin and very strivers.
Those good parts is to like how we're Gary. It just goes on and on and on. We got all we have here is crooks. So it's these tramps and thieves. That's what we got here in South Florida.
And of course, what was his name that they kept putting back in sunrise, John Lamello, Western pieces. Yeah. And while Martinez, who never met a jail and he liked for too long.
Oh, at least he beats a crap out of his little kids when they get out of control in the States. Nice going there, Raoul. He wins by default. In fact, that's probably what you'll find.
And Mayor Penga Picanio doing after he gets out of office when his turn expires eating Raoul. Oh, yeah, those two are real tight. Not.
Here's a mobile and bouquet. Hello. Hey, what's happening? How you doing, sir?
I'm alright. You know, I get accused of having a family a lot of being a pessimist. You know, but like when I watch ridiculous deals happen that in no arena of any kind of common sense should ever happen.
And people just have a general mistrust of politicians and mistrust of law enforcement and everything. It's a goddamn sad place, man. It just scares the hell out of me.
But you know what? It's still better than the Bahamas. Yeah, that's true. Anywhere's better than the Bahamas. I was over in the Bahamas doing work last week for my company.
Yeah. And because I was talking to the wrong guy in a square who approached me. Yeah. I was searched by the behavior police in the hands room in freeport.
And of course they didn't find anything because I didn't have anything. But I come back over here to all the bad news which I'm not even going to talk about it doesn't even merit talking about.
And it's just. Did you say merit still?
Merit still higher. Yeah, there's another one. I wish I was dead, man. Okay. I'll see you later.
There you go. A little optimism from the holiday. I wish I was dead. That was great. I think you should play that form as a matter of fact. In fact, he probably when he was in the Bahamas, he was probably thinking I wish I was dead.
Here's Fort Pierce. Hello. Yeah. I know one of these possibilities of the free land that they're looking for as I'm sure you know is the land around the Miami arena.
Yeah. I know that's in the paper. Well, could they just build the stadium around the Miami arena? Yeah. They're just going to build it around it. They're going to leave that in the middle. It's going to be home played and the pictures mound and for a second and third base. Any outfield.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Wine. I think I'm just going to roll back to all requests through the holidays. Don't you? Because they they don't into it. They don't care about this.
I was like bitterly offended and psychotic and yeah, just by seeing that little prick on the newspaper. And the mayor to. Oh, no, that's what I was talking about.
Mayor Pingapakania. Oh, brother. And you wonder? You Cubans out there. You wonder? And like I just got to Santa, I'm not saying only Cubans are the only crooked politicians because it's the Jews and the blacks and the, they just run at the middle of the Graham. Everybody.
Everybody in South Florida sooner or later they turn out to be a crook. Not everybody just most everybody. But the fact is that this guy has made himself like, you know, he sucked up so much in that the general window business that now he's like, you know, the representative that's what he represents to a lot of people.
And so that banana republic thing, especially on the heels of this quote, text, fixed election we just went through. Here's another deal behind closed doors.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, I mean, how you doing? I'm doing okay? Hey, what was that guy doing in the Bahamas with George Michael in the. Yeah, Michael's in the bathroom. No, I think it was drugs he was talking about. Oh, okay. Hey, you know, these people are so stupid. I mean, I grew up Miami. I no longer live there. Thank God. We'll see you tomorrow for pizza, by the way. But you know, we have a perfectly.
We run down good stadium name Bobby Maduro. Yeah, which would probably cost six or seven million a rehabilitate forget about it.
Plenty of space, plenty of parking space available. Yeah, and I'll never do it. I mean, what's wrong with these people? What's okay? Well, you get the idea. See them on.
Bobby Maduro Stadium. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Somewhere sunny Hershey's trucking himself right now. I mean, I don't really believe he is, but didn't figure it at least speaking.
Listening to those comments about Bobby Maduro Stadium. Where is the baby owes when we need them? The my the old Miami Marlins. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Good.
That good. It's like you. I got out of date County. We moved up the browser. We moved up to West Palm Beach, but I just wanted to say some about the schools and the money. They got what they had 25 kids per school, per classroom. Up in Palm Beach, we have like 35 to 40.
And I spend about 100 to 200 dollars a year just on school supplies like glue and paper towels and stuff. You know what happened with the I mean forget the stadium stuff at the lottery money for the schools.
You know, help our kid out. Yeah, I understand that the secretary of Bush is using that the lottery money for makeup. Yeah, I mean, we have to pay for glue. Yeah, paper and scissors.
Okay, I mean, and well, that's the American populace at large, man. They talk in good games. Some of them, but they don't really care about education or about their kids about any of these things. They talk in good game when it's
continue whether it's election time, but the rest of the time, I'll make her about as their hobbies, new pastimes. And you know, it's crap. That's all I care about is crap. Things that are important are no longer important to people. Absolutely. I mean, if you look at it, a good teacher is making 30, 40 grand a year.
And they pay this one ball player 250 million. Yeah, 250 million for 10 25 million here. Here's somebody to put on a jocks. Yeah, it's ridiculous. All right.
Okay, good luck to us, sir. The American American society is right in the old trap. We just had a fixed election.
Oh, I'm really excited. I don't want to get into this political thing, but I will say this condolese or rice perfect national security advisor because she I was thinking this yesterday when I saw her on there and thinking about her comments about taking all our troops out of the Balkan and had the NATO people peeing into her pants.
She shares one trait in common with W that's what makes her such a perfect match. The word you're looking for is coolest. That's the word. Absolutely positively. Coolness, but the good part of it is he has been out of the country three times in his life.
This is five sixty QAM. Here's your chance to meet the one and only.
This Tuesday from six to nine and pizza lost just by 95 at University Trust. Pick up the best of me on two thousand.
The best of me is two thousand.
That was a two.
I just.
I am saying yes, maybe.
But he's different in one way.
Look, I'm his head you find a spot of a city.
Sixty to the five sixty WQ and we haven't a good time yet.
See, I don't really give a crap if they want to go ahead and they want to waste your money in the county.
Let them do it. I don't care. They want to make this little pipsquick into a big shot for another few years until the thing just drives up and wats.
I don't care. But it's this mayor. It's this piece of dreck on two legs. That's what gets me filming at the mouth.
The world's biggest crook and he's right here in the county. I am thrilled to announce.
And you put his voice on my show on here. That's it. I'm done. You put that little prick on here.
Little prick rhymes with dick. Here's a mobile and hi, Leah. Hello.
How's it going? Okay. I have a couple of things I want to talk to you about.
Are you talking about that it costs so much money to build a new stadium in high earlier?
In a high earlier? I'm sorry, Miami.
Let's look at this. If we can tell you millions of dollars to talk crap on the phones, why can't we just build a new stadium?
How much is it across you to listen to this show?
It doesn't stop me at the end. Okay. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If I'm talking crap, then what are you listening for?
You must like crap and that it is a crap liquor. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. And so the interesting thing since we're not hearing from all these Julios for John Henry.
Now the challenge is all yours. It's all right there in your backyard because that's what we heard.
Oh, you know, the Cubans love baseball and the Hispanics. This is their thing and they're going to come out in big numbers.
And when Alex Fernandez pitches, they're going to be an extra 10, 20,000 people in the stand. Well, guess what?
Were there an extra 10 people? No.
Were on the days when Alex Piss, were there even an extra fiat in the stand? No. No, not a one.
See, that's always been the myth in Dave County. So now the ball is squarely in your hand, in your glove, in your mitt, in your...
Correct. Yes. Because I got news for most of the rest of the folks in South Florida, they're not going to be coming down there when they build that.
Are they going to be driving down from Palm Beach? No.
Are most of the brown people going to be schlepping to downtown Miami? No. No.
So it's put up for shut up time. Anybody remember the Miami Amigo? No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
8 million open lines. Here's your field V, cello. I hate you all you doing.
Okay. My main question for these idiots that want this new stadium, basically, is if the Marlins are trying to save all this money, you know, here and there, like 3 million here and there, how are they going to pay guys to get a winning team there?
They're not going to be able to pay Ryan Dempster in a couple of years. They're not going to be able to pay AJ Burnett.
No, no, but you see if this deal goes true and then they have the if come of those big luxury suites in the sky boxes, then they're going to fork over the money.
This was like blackmail again. It's the same thing Wayne did with the Macarena. If you'll build us this thing, then we'll put out some money, we'll put a representative team.
Otherwise, we're going to have crap and we're just going to let it fall apart.
But do you still think that they're going to be able to, these young players, they still are a small market team. Like I'm a pirate fan for years.
I watch guys like Barry Barnes, you know, get good and leave by Bonilla, get good and leave. These guys are going to leave. Believe me.
Oh, I know them. Just like Mike Mayer said, they'll never be able to compete with the guys that have the deep pockets. There's no way.
That's true.
Because they're just in the kind of like broadcast revenue, you just want to example in this market that there is in any of the real big markets.
Then this is the Bruce Lake town. This is the major market.
I move here from Chicago and I'm moving back.
Okay, good luck. Thank you.
Take me with you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Hey, I'm nothing but the pamphlets already.
What the hell was the baseball season beginning anyway?
Here's a mobile and a little Havana. Hello.
You mean, oh, yes, sir.
Hey, listen, I don't really care so much about this baseball stuff.
I just want to talk because I keep where I call in and badmouthing you.
I want to defend you.
You know, I'm Cuban and I'm Cuban.
The car is saying you badmout them and you badmout the black.
You badmout a lot of people because it's stupid and they deserve it.
So next time they call you and they tell you that you need to do this and you tell them to...
Mom, I tell them I've got to kiss your cheek.
Okay.
Okay.
What do you say, my mama?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well, at least we got the Julio's all worked out.
Yeah, that's good.
So, Tony, don't you feel guilty taking all the money from the date county taxpayers that you do?
Yeah, to talk crap on the radio.
And that's what we should.
We've got to start taxing your radio.
Then you'll see a thing or two.
You've got to put a goddamn surtax, sur, and man.
I hope we don't have too many of those maims.
That's why we got the heavy duty mail audience so we can have that surtax on everybody's radio.
Get paid by the minute.
Here's the call in Boca.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This business with the stadium, it has to go through the Florida legislature.
Yes.
I was wondering since the election, how Jeb was going to thank Miami Dade.
And I was hoping for legalized gambling.
And they saw you out there.
They saw you out there.
They saw you out for a new stadium.
They went cheap.
Yeah.
They could have had it all.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And keep in mind some of these people voted last election.
Scars the crap out of me.
Here's Margie.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, the day county mayor has to come up with money somewhere if he has political aspirations.
Because the DNC isn't going to give anything anymore because he's a backstabbing little easel.
So I suppose he's got to take care of all the days.
Miami Dade, millionaires, and give him everything they want.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's the mobile and Naples.
Hello.
Neil, go out.
I was a white guy.
Why can't they just take all the stadiums and tear them all down and use one for everything?
Just put a basketball court on it, put some artificial poor fun at it because the teams are doing a lot of the anyway.
Yeah.
So I don't know why they have that 100,000 stadiums.
I think does it.
Doze them all.
Okay.
Well, we'll come next weekend.
Love you.
Okay, we're going to doze them.
For example, when you go to the Panthers games, you look around. Most people are dozing anyway.
When did I, Penguin's going to be here?
Anybody going to be there?
No.
No.
Is Mario playing?
No.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't want to start getting the organization.
They hate me like poison anyway, so I really don't care.
But I mean, don't tell that anybody.
Oh, you know, Mario might be playing when a penguin's come with it today.
Is he going to be playing in that game?
No.
No.
Absolutely positively not.
I'm not saying he should come out, but he ain't going to be playing.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, 5'60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
As we struggle along here on a Monday and the holidays, how come the kids are still in school?
What's the deal with that?
Are they in school in Broward?
Yeah, they are in Broward.
Kind of a deal with that.
They're in school.
In Broward?
No, no, I just said that and indeed.
What, what did I hold there to get out?
Next week.
Next week?
That's why I took it next week.
Vacation.
Huh.
After Christmas, two New Year's.
Well, I'll be damned.
What about on Hanukkah?
Well, now what we're going to leave it.
Don't tell me that Thursday the kids are going to be in school on Hanukkah?
Where's the Thursday night?
It starts.
Thursday night.
So the kids are going to be in school on Friday?
I don't know.
They better not be.
Or else the Jews will be pissed off.
I couldn't care less because it's all a bunch of cramps.
Oh, and I was weird.
I launched yesterday at the Ambo Coast and there were a whole bunch of listeners
and they're just peeing on my leg out of change.
I had to change shoes four times.
And George would have felt very uncomfortable in that crack as they were all Jews.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what, I think they're going to approve that bullfrog.
Bullfrog.
Yeah.
Was mysteriously voted on.
Yeah.
And the new stadium is going to be one of the main stops.
Uh-huh.
People will be coming in from Orlando to see the Marlins.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
That's funny.
Thanks a lot.
That was pretty funny.
That was pretty funny.
Yeah.
That was pretty funny.
560.
560.
560.
And for rise in wireless lines.
And for that spick that called for my leave before, I ought to be charging you by the
moment to be listening to this show.
Just for putting up with this crack.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
You know, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Just a couple of going first.
I'm against the stadium, which I don't understand why it is over a billion dollars worth of buildings
that are going to waste like the ones in Homestead and the others.
And has anybody mentioned why or how they're giving away the park by sending a
project? What's that for once in a people? And I think he wants it. Yeah, but
does we have to vote on it? No. No. You have no say in it.
Strictly the politicians are going to vote. That's wonderful. Uh-huh.
All right. Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. He wants it and the mayor says,
okay, here you go. Here's the case of the kingdom. Where's my bag of money?
I would just be loved to be a fly on the wall. I would just love to know how much
graph passes the hands of the politicians in Dade County every single day. Oh,
I'm not saying I want a piece of it. I would just like to know how much it is.
Just out of curiosity, sake. All the smear jobs that come on. All the contracts
it might need international airport. I'll say it again. Hero did a real fine
investigative study on that a couple months ago. And he followed up. No.
Anybody know what that was going on? No. And then the fox guarding the chicken
group. Then he appoints the Blue Ribbon Panel to study what's going on over
there. Yeah, that's right. That's like that's like pointing my
landscape to investigate the mob. Who the hell are they kidding in this town? So
the bed like I've told you before, the best you can do is put a smile on your face
through the best you can. Just the oblivious and that's maybe that's what most
people are doing. We just don't give a crap anymore. Maybe that's why there's
one like 18 old the geeks that vote in Dade County. Old Julios with purple teeth.
And that's it.
Fort radio five sixty WQA M Miami Port Lauderdale. A beastly
busiest group station. WQAM dot com with a world only in the banana republic
baby only in Miami. It can start with a tiny mistake.
Hey, thank you. You called all the heads on backwards. Uh oh.
It can jeopardize a career. Get all the back I am the rest.
Hey, it's a boss. It's called El Signers.
Here are the warning signs for getting in.
What's up.
I'm sorry.
This orientation. Hey, you guys want to go for it?
What a tall don't you think?
If you or an elf you know, suffer any of these symptoms, please call our Elf Elf hotline
and 100 high. Help. Help. You can be sure with us.
It's 150 out. You're okay with them George. 159 at 560 WQAM.
Hangover will be doing a show at Chulis. Take two today. Josh Darrell be here
briefly six to six 30. That's long enough. And in 630 it's Panthers preview baby.
630 till seven seven o'clock. It's the Panthers at the Rangers at the garden.
I want to put a lot of pressure on the guys for that game tonight. But boy,
that's a big, big game because they're going to have to come home on Wednesday.
And we certainly don't want to have to come home after another loss. Do we?
Oh, now. Why do you always spell Kluesten with a you?
Because of Kluesten. Have you no clue, Mr.
It's radio. If your counts were me, you could do better than that.
I could see L, E, U, E, that wouldn't fit in the zone there.
Oh, good point. Here's a Klawiston. Hello.
It's Kluesten. Me. I know. Down here in Sugarcane,
when Kluesten. We got a idea how you can build that stadium without no payment
off the top fair pocket. Yeah. Build a little mini stadium around your
booty back in cell. Let me just get you to it.
Aha. Okay. Yeah, you had spelled right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. You know something?
I'm glad we had the call because during the break, one thing kept going through my mind.
There are some places like you know, New York, Boston, Chicago,
like you like LA, like what is like real melting pots, where does like all kind of people?
This is only for Graham here. Graham and old Jews ready to die. That's what this place is for.
This whole state. Graham. Like the people over in a West Coast without
do apologies to our friends. Whether or not listen to this or anyway, they got some stupid
show on Noodle One. The people over West Coast are like products of
centuries of inbreeding. So anybody would think no way before Columbus never
gave him anywhere near this land. Yeah.
Centuries of inbreeding. That's the whole West Coast of Florida. I mean, there's a few
like real people over there, but they're spaced out. They're very sparse and spaced
way, way support. Like maybe you'll find two or three in Sarasota County, maybe one in
Mamanatee County, but I doubt it. You know what I'm saying? A way just a few spotted here and there.
But generally speaking, it's the two headed folks.
Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm from Silicon Valley and I'm visiting my dad
in Fort Lauderdale and the San Francisco Giants built Pacific Ballpark without public funding.
Uh huh. A major of a few million people. Why can't the owner of the Marlins do this in?
Because he's a cheap prick that wants public money. He wants us to build a form.
No, you know, you can, you can do it yet. He doesn't need public funding. They won't do it.
So you're saying that he thinks he thinks he thinks he thinks that we owe it to him. That he's
convinced the public here that it's so important life and death that we have baseball here
that we have to build a form. And obviously, a Mayor Pingafikini agree with that.
Very sad. Well, um, I don't know why they county just didn't tell him this, but they'll
tell them. But would you give me a favor, please? Sure. Could you play a puppy sucks?
Okay. Thanks. See you. Is that in here by chance? Bless you. It is. You've got to be kidding me.
Let's not just speak down on a puppy's face for the lingers on.
Because when I hear you sing it, it makes me grimm it. You make it seem so wrong.
You can't sing an ignore can that guy make? I wish I had a gun.
What are we saying? You might like your own song. And then mind you won't feel.
So it looks like you're going to throw it on history, baby. You'll see the big of wolf they had.
You hear what you said after that damn fact that I can't stand it. Yeah. Anyway, it's
trouble three at five sixty WQM. Here's Jay sends me a fact and you got your thumb on it Jay.
Here's somebody with a good memory. He also's got a good good, good computer.
Quote from John Henry in the January 23rd 2000 Mimey Herald.
Expecting us all to forget but Jay didn't forget. Direct quote. He says, I have great respect for
the right of our community to vote on significant issues for our future. Voting is the most sacred
right given to us in this great democracy and your vote ought to be heard. So I'm determined to
get this issue of a new ballpark to you in a referendum this year. John Henry, so say it the
third. How do you like that? Is there going to be a referendum? No, we have a chance to vote on.
No, of course you understand why is because they've taken survey after survey after survey and
the survey said no overwhelmingly each and every one of them just like the survey here. It's no
different from the ones we've always had. Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami with the
Marlins and so far 248 votes. 189 say no and only 59 yeses. That over 76% to 124%.
Over three quarters of the public out there don't want any part of this. They oppose it and he knows
it. That's right. They oppose it and he'll be knowing it. And as a result of that that's why they
want to put it on a referendum. Now he can make a backdoor deal on a Sunday at 1.30 in the afternoon
when everybody's watching the dolphin game while it was non-dial. For what were they were doing
something behind closed doors makes an underhanded shady deal with the biggest crook on the face of
the year. Hey, here we go. It's also in fact I love the wording in the here. It says a surprise deal.
Yeah. P-Moner, John Henry and Panellos, on the letter of intent that spells out the general
terms of the surprise agreement and gives both sides 60 days to negotiate a final deal for
stating that you're tractable roof and 40,000 seats. Anybody out there get to vote on it?
No. Are you going to get to vote on it? No. No. This is all part. Yeah. Now who is that? That wasn't
your friend again wasn't? No, your friend. Which one? I don't want it. Kingita.
That little book out home. I wonder if he has one medillator on his shoulder because I noticed he's
quoted in here again too. His spokesman, a former friend Juan Mendeera. Wonder what his cut is.
Yeah. He's cutting it. Juan Mendeera.
That's enough. Here's a mobile in NASA. Hello.
Hi Neil. How you doing? I'm calling with that guy. We'll call you really with the Bahamas.
Come on. Come on. Come on. That's hot. Huh? The Bahamas suck, man. You know that.
No, man. You know, you just want to believe one of the one of the bots called.
No, you just want to bleed the money out the Americans, which is okay. Everybody's got to make a living,
but at least admit it. Yeah, but okay. We make money over you guys. Come on.
The mom will make that bond. Yeah. Sucks. I'm not like you show anything. Listen to you all the time.
That's what counts. That's the only thing that counts, man. Okay. Okay. Say hi to my Jamaican friends.
Okay. Okay. Okay. See the Jamaican's infiltrate over there. They bring them to good drugs. See the
call on our Jamaican friends. You never heard Al say it again. Nobody ever knocks at your
Jamaican. Do they? Yeah. Because they got the good smith. In fact, George and I were puffing on
some early this morning just before the show. Here's a mobile in the red line. Hello.
Sir, how are you? Okay. Good afternoon. I guess. Maybe there was just the incense I was smelling. Yes.
Yeah. Speaking of incense. I'm incense. I'm incense about this stadium. Yeah. I can't. I
something tells me wink wink that this was preordained or pre-planned over the last
the year. Yeah. I don't think they'll with the church this morning decided to do this deal.
Why not? They'll find a lot of fellow crooks there. Yeah. I'm sure of that too. I think probably
John Henry hung in there because his brother told him to have a stadium. Yeah. He called him
a tree in the morning. So I don't know where it's done deal. Thank you, sir. Okay. Hi. His brother.
You know whose brother is Henry. Yeah. That's John Henry's brother.
Henry to the state of Florida. Do they make those anymore? Oh, Henry bars. I think so.
It's been a long time since I haven't had one of those in a coon's age.
Like maybe a central page because he was an old coon. 5.6705.60.560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let's get with it. Plenty of open lines here. The electric is there doing it. Nobody's
to step out of line. They're doing their thing. The dows away up the next down 20 points because
they don't want to give me to get to carry it away. So what would you rather have Oracle or a motor roller?
Motor roller. Intell or Cisco. Yeah. Let's do stock talk. And I do want to mention this. I know Ted
David's probably not listening to his vacation. His bus mentality sure ought to be over by now.
But when Joe Kernan came out of his right wing closet, I mean formally and maybe he's done that
before. I don't know. I mean, usually I'm watching him that early in the morning.
But I mean, he was talking to a sucking up the Bob Novak and saying that he was about 10
10 steps too far to the left Bob Novak. So Joe Kernan officially came out. The big co-huners are
right wing fanatic this morning. Not a good idea, boys. Not a good idea. See, we turn to you guys
basically by default because we're locked in. Our whole life is locked in that stupid market in
this gambling game. And I would prefer not to know. Although it is interesting that
what's it got Mark? What's his name? In the morning, whether we like Mark Haynes,
Mark Haynes, David Faber, Ted David. And you'll see that people of the Jewish persuasion
on CNBC tend to be liberal, probably voted for what's his name. But people like Joe Kernan,
yeah, I'm not the knock the Irish, but Joe Kernan who happens to be a right wing choir
gave what he said himself. I hate the Irish. Yeah, Graham, that's the difference. And like my
late friend, Alan Nicholson said, the biggest problem in this country, too many Graham.
This is 560 QAF. But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio 560 QAF. Today's show was brought to you by
Chick Reef Arms. Chick Reef Arms. The gift it says, I don't like you and I thought it'd be funny
to see you gain 10 pounds. Chick Reef Arms. We blow and we know.
Practically in the news. Yes, introducing Madonna's fast food restaurant where everything's hot to go.
And Madonna's famous for her fun. Talk about fresh, just like her Dallas face. She's almost no
dressing. That's the idea. And you'll also love those large, plump, juicy,
rattle out on the chickpeas. He's bad neither.
Poor heart, heart, heart. Yes.
Borderline delicious. And for the kids, there's Madonna's happy mood.
Each with a fresh, Shanghai surprise. I got a free, Sean's fan. And for dessert,
there's tempting cheesecake or Madonna's trademark cone.
Hi. Welcome to Madonna's Express Yourself Tried Through.
Yeah, I'd like a couple tasty chicken knifles, please.
Coming right up. So grab your truck and head for the golden garden.
Madonna. She's up, please. And again, get it up.
And have a win with a dog. All right.
1213 at 560 WQM. Happy Monday to him. 3200 open lines at the moment.
If you'd like to participate or if not, that's okay. 2 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line.
And the Verizon line. Here's color.
Ray. Chill out. I do. How you doing? Okay.
Yeah, I'm against making these jocks.
Millionaires. And one thing Florida ranks number one in cancer,
death in the country. And yet the best cancer centers out in Los Angeles, Houston,
Chicago, and Pittsburgh. Yeah. So why don't we get that money?
High cop much medical people. They come down here.
Okay. I think we're the beginning and getting rid of cancer and Florida.
We'll be getting rid of the mayor of Dave County. I think that would be a real good
beginning. He is a cancer with two legs.
He uses malignant as they come. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line out of
town 877 785 6345. Mobile and Tamarack. Hello.
Here's something to think about. They had that press conference yesterday at a time like 130 when nobody
was watching. Absolutely correct. Well, they're not that stupid. Maybe they're trying to get this thing
done before the new presidential administration takes hold and some policies start coming down that
it looks like they're they're in a rush. Why would the new president be against it? He pulled
the same kind of crap in Texas with the Texas Rangers and the public care got sucked into building
a stadium and made his investment worth about 80 billion times what it was. Well, that would be
against it. He campaigned on getting education reform. And I think if he doesn't go ahead and act on
something like that, the media and the public aren't ever going to let him forget about it.
What's that going to have to do with the stadium and date county? There's nothing to do with the
other. He's not going to decide how the how the county or the state's going to spend its money.
Well, ultimately, they'll be responsible for the for the for the for the school because they're
going to be receiving federal funding and they're going to be held accountable according to these
policies. No, I don't know. Maybe it's a little. You're dreaming and going on. You're dreaming, sir. You're dreaming.
All right. Well, I'll see you Tuesday. Okay.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And what did I tell you about this past election? All these hysterical people and all the hate
and the bitterness and the finger pointing and the about what? About what? People don't really
care about those about most of those issues. They may be a small smattering who do if it grows their
ass what I said. Gore, but other than that. 56670560.560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. All righty. First time long time. I was walking over the weekend. I couldn't
believe this. I was in the and Correo on. I heard about the on the net newspaper today. I don't
know how they can they can get away with this. I was born in this county and I you know,
since then I've seen all these arenas come and get built up and then you know, they still have the
orange ball. I heard her add on it on the radio earlier trying to get promotion for them. These
things haven't even been finished being paid off and they're already losing them. And also how
they thought about how they're going to deal with all the traffic situation in downtown. No.
The traffic is bad enough here as it is. They should put a referendum that no construction goes
before we fix this traffic problem. Not going to happen. Yeah. No. I was very full of the penny
tax and I listened to you back about a year ago and I wound up voting against it. But I ride
transit every day and they I mean it's we need to get a better system here. I know they say that
this is in a train town and people want their people want their cars but we're you know we're
off choking and dying in here is a grid rock every single day. I don't know if you saw about two
weeks ago December 10th. I think they the hair out there really big focus article on the traffic
situation here and they said that with even if they start to implement changes it's going to be
three times the traffic delays in every 10 years. That's right because nobody's in charge here
because there's no end to the development. It just goes on and on. I live out in West
Broad and if they try to build any more dam shopping centers or any more malls or any more
housing complexes we're going to wind up with the alligators pretty soon. There's nowhere else to go
and we have already got gridlock on 595. It's a road that's already obsolete. So we got don't we have
Jeff Bush to thank for that. He's the development governor. Well it goes long and long before him.
It's been going on for many many years. There's no forward thinking here. It's strictly whatever
the grave robbers can steal right now. Well that's definitely what it is exactly that. It's no
forward thinking all they have. They want to throw money in the building more roads but by the time
they're going to be finished you know putting up these extra roads they're going to need more
than that. There'll be full already and here you know we give all these great spots of land away
to these billionaires who don't need any extra money that could be for you know more public
funding and then down in my area the county where I live down by Pinecrest the Williams and
Cadillac bought up a huge spot of land right next to the busway the southbound busway which could
have been you know area for another train station or a bus station or something and here you know
these again this is giving it to these rich guys so they can bring in more cars. I mean how many
more cars are we going to pack into this in this area of the state? Well good luck to you Sir
I'll be an Amsterdam good luck. Yeah see you. Okay. Yeah that's another thing to our great
benevolent friend Wayne Hypinga. In the article by Linda Robertson she points out if I could find
it in here the the fact that when it comes to the oh yeah all they are parking and I mean I think
has got you on hand not only do you make them a bad deal but he just continues squeezing it all
out of there there's no way that his man could make money in that current stadium so we made a
bad deal and now he wants everybody to bail his ass out and then Wayne turns around and says oh
I'm rooting for them I hope they get to stadium it's good for the Marlins it's good for South
Florida. Oh man what a sense of humor Wayne this is the man that broke up the team this is the man
that forced it to be in this position. He says oh I sure hope they get it.
Big-and-air sports boondoggle assholes and their games they can all drop dead to the
third of Florida yeah five six seven oh five sixty Pompah is that who is that John Henry. Oh that
was John Henry they all sound the same to me they don't have the highest squeaky voice as in no balls
but they sure have a real big pair over the weekend while nobody was watching. Here's the mobile
in the Weston hello. Good morning happy Monday and back to you. I'm so glad you mentioned the
shopping malls and the strip centers because it seems to me that these arenas and stadiums are the
shopping malls and centers of 70s that are in the stadiums are that of the you know 2000 and don't
forget everywhere that we build an arena like the Mac arena we have to have a lot more hotels just
like they were saying oh you know they all start a game for the NHLs coming in 2003 and they're
building new hotels right now so we have to have some more hotel rooms well that's great but where
the hell does the development stop. That's just it and all the other. Why the hell does the public
think we have water rationing going on right now. Oh I was going to say we're under mandatory
water water restrictions and California is having brownouts every day. That's right. Do people think
that this just never enters a never ending supply list and they're going to aren't against it
are probably the same people who voted for the high speed rail system because they figure whatever
funding is left over from the tourist tax to pay for this new stadium is now going to go to the
one freaking believeable and yet and then everybody will complain about how long it takes to get
to work because of traffic on 826 you're on the saw graphs or on the palm that or whatever it might be
and everybody will complain about how the price of gas and all that stuff plant our life and figure
out what's going on and I just don't want to get out the project but it can you imagine the over ones
that are going to be of the construction they talk about how much the tourist tax is going to have
to fund this how much right it goes over over budget it's predicted. Yeah okay we're going to
5.6705.60.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines as the dilemma just keeps getting worse and worse
and worse and worse and all the discussion about healthcare and education and all these other things
that we just heard week after week and month after month and all the people are getting so psychotic
about and who's going to do the most about it. The only thing they're going to do the most about
is for themselves and their good old buddies their special friends their special friends with a big
fat checkbooks that's what it's all about and the rest of you that's what they that's how much
they care about you and your kids and the Gothamish Bokha but have a nice holiday. Here's Davy hello
yeah yes sir how you doing okay 5.6705.60.560 on the AT&T line here's a lady mobile and Hollywood hello
oh hi Neil how are you okay good I love your show I heard a song that you played Friday I think
was like I 95 at all and I was wondering if you could play that song again for me I just thought it
was hilarious you're welcome thank you sir bye bye bye bye bye why not
yeah tell about three minutes they're about
there's a lot of us driving down 995 the other night somebody nearly took me right off the road
and aside of what I'm going to do any good to get mad I wrote a song about him and then
I don't like it
for she bought an apple or did you work it in your whole life
either way it worked out fine but you're an apple tonight
yes you're an a
yes and they go out these don't you try to play this song again you deserve all the credit
you're an asshole tonight
yeah
we're an apple
yes
today you're an asshole tonight
I've got a feeling
you're being an asshole the rest of your life
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
I was talking to your mother
just the other night
yeah
I told her I thought you were an asshole
she said yeah I think you're right
yeah
and all your friends are an asshole
because you've known that you're a whole life
yeah
and somebody told me
you've got an apple for a life
yeah
yeah
we're evil
or did you work it in your whole life
either way it worked out fine
you're hearing
yeah
yeah
you call that a penis
whole tonight
yeah
well that's different right
so this big 26 past
noon there's 560 W.A.
560 05 60 05 60 on the 18T
and fries and wireless lines
as we continue singing the song you can talk about whatever you want
you have to talk about the stadium you can talk about anything except
that
you know there's still people
caring on about there
oh brother
get over it okay get a life
did you see me depressed when the light bulb went off
when Jesse was on there
and a light bulb exploded in the background
no
universe tall man move so fast duck for cover
Jesse Jackson
yeah
wow
I hear when I hear when the light bulb explode
he drop out there and explode
that's what I hear
right in his pants
well let's go keep him on his toes
26 past noon at 560 QM
if I had the ability to do
I take you out here right now
I'm kicking goddamn pizza
tonight on NBC
it's the world's most beloved Christmas classic
I'm listening
hi dad you're a figure
hey
hi there
get up
hey Rudez
you look great have you lost weight
you really think so
yeah while you're not fat at all
fat at all you're just big
found
yeah he's Rudolph the brown nose reindeer
oh oh thank you Rudolph
how nice of you to say so
oh I really mean it
don't miss a fascinating story
of how one reindeer shmoosed his way through the head of the team
here we are boys
ready guys
good off about no reindeer
I was kissing dad that's bad
don't miss Rudolph the brown nose reindeer
yeah last now you know what you guys will be staring at on christmas Eve
good night right after
I'll see the con man on NBC
Rudolph the brown nose reindeer
always wound up last day lying
that's how he got up around
no following through close behind
welcome all of the other reindeer
well after making comments
me
they all would stop abruptly
then one of them would cut the cheese
one day Randolph got better
he said this job stinks
finds yourself a new couple
he gave them all a Christmas goo
and the head of a reindeer
maybe got your shot and please
Randolph the brown nose reindeer
you should try pathology
so 32 at 560 WQY
I'm happy Monday too
let's not get all the pressed and morbid and pissed off about this should we?
I don't think they will
it's the holidays
and that's what they're counting on
it's interesting too like right just before Hanukkah and Christmas
holidays new year coming up
they kind of like split this thing in there
trying to bring it in the world back door
I think Alex has probably got plenty of experience with that
here's a mobile in Pompano
hello
and a Leo
great show
again you're ready to read public service
I let us know what these morons are doing day in and day up
you know you're probably already talking about how
basically what it's going to cost for everybody is
10% going to cost the owners and 90% going to cost taxpayers
actually what is it?
you're going to put 10% of the money
and get 90% of the profits in this deal
let me say it again the owners are going to the team is going to pay
10% of the cost over the long run and the
10% of the money will come from public funds 90%
90%
well I should let John Henry sit on his team a little bit longer that people
will pick it up for next ten month and they should just
own the team themselves
buy it from them
okay
56670560
on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
oh my god that's all I can say
oh my
effing god
here's Miami hello
Leo hi how you doing?
let me ask you something don't we vote it uh
for new taxes?
shouldn't don't we get the vote?
these are there no new taxes involved in this that came up with a very creative way to
stick their hand in everybody's pocket without creating a new tax.
these are just old taxes where we'll take more of our money.
old taxes going into John Henry's pocket right?
uh-huh
why do we have to build a building area?
you know these new arenas and stadiums and stuff like that
but when is the public coming to say okay that's it?
well that's what I'm asking but I don't I mean the poor we got so far 77%
of the people said they don't support it but again keep in mind those people are going to just get a
chance to vote on it's a bunch of crooked politicians just like we did with Mickey
Ererson they're going to slip it in the back door although that one we didn't have an election
even though they were in it backward if you were in favor of it you voted no and if you were against it you voted yes
yeah that was that was another phony bogus allergy
I just can't that was just can't try
yeah all right Neil pick it easy and uh I guess you know just hang in there
I'm hanging
Bob I see you
yeah see they figured out if you have been over you know often enough they're pretty soon you're going to start enjoying it
I think that's the mentality and date count
yeah all that's going to all depend over again they love it in there
so let's stuff it in there again and look a big smile on their face
they keep doing it over and over and over again
if I hear one sports they're defending this crap on this station I'm just I'm going to go 8 shot
I'm just going to go I'm looking to lose it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and Verizon wireless one how many empty facilities do we need before we say that's the last one how many hundred oh we're getting close
they're talking about Bobby Maduro Stadium and the Orange Bowl and the Old Arena and the New Mickey Arena and the PP Park
and then of course the Wayne will probably say well you know something in this PP Park this isn't good enough for the dolphins
even though he owns it
huh?
yeah well I have to go down that one too
yeah that's right it's not the downtown Julia Brown
here's for a lot of Dale hello
Dale?
yes sir
how are you doing?
okay
hey how's it going?
never voted I'm damn proud of it
how do you play requests for me?
yeah
you guys can you play you're my prison bitch?
no 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line here's a lot of Dale by the sea hello
we're good 20
what is it?
yeah?
yes how are you doing?
what was that?
I got construction on front of my house
are you there?
I'm here
listen this plane devil's advocate here you know
let's just follow the panther start when a couple games
doesn't Terry Murray just cook his goose or what?
I mean either way I mean it's being done
have you listened to anything I've been saying for days on end now?
are you listening?
until Wayne gets the right deal to sell the team there are going to be any changes
they could lose they could lose every game for the next month
and if Wayne doesn't have a deal in place by that time nothing is going to change
as burn planted job yet you know?
no
what do you think he'll try and I'll try again?
I haven't got any idea and I have a crystal ball
but the bottom line is the fans again get screwed when the owner gets the deal
and he wants then maybe we'll get a change and maybe something will happen there
so they're not it's not sticking in they don't get it
they just don't get it
Wayne wants to on lower baby he doesn't want this turkey anymore
he's got a couple of fish on the hook
and when he's able to close out the deal that works out the best for him
when it's signed sealed and delivered then you'll have a new regime
then they'll fire probably everybody including Mr. Boatay there
and the maries and then hopefully it'd be an owner who's willing to spring for some bucks
and know something about the game which would be a novelty
and try to put some of the pieces back together again
but in the meantime they expect you to continue coming to subsidize and just dummy up
and they don't want to get it
and they keep putting out their propaganda
oh well the queer watchler on our back
maybe that's not such a bad idea
well how come they got them in their first place for almost $2 billion a year
to stand out there in the middle of the ice and do a figure eights
another old stiff, another mistake
in a long list of so, so many
but I'm not going to get bitter about it
I'm going to go when I feel like it I got those tickets and if I don't, that's it
empty seats and I won't even give them away
because as far as I'm concerned I'm not even embarrassed by empty seats anymore
I think it's well deserved, Wayne
well deserved
22 before 1 at 560 WQM
The Neil Roger Show
Sports Radio 560
QA
This is the Neil Roger Show
This is your brain
Any questions?
Well I drive up through to unsamour
Goat truck in and coast to coast
I like my red, I like the room
but it's not what I love most
There's a gal I left in Fresco
a sweet young fine named Rose
and the best dying fine about her
She lets me wear her clothes
Well I'm proud to be country trans bestie
Alright, and I love the world
the girls clothes all day
All day
Wastes brought a brilliant blast
a silken necklaces
now I'm still a macho tough guy
and a hope you'll understand
how I was born with a big black mustache
and a six-pack in my hand
but when I go out for them
I do it well between
the woods
all worse, draughtless evening gown
and a nose gay on my wrist
if I'm proud to be country trans bestie
country trans bestie
and I love the world
the girls clothes all day
I gloss my lips
tees my higher and sleep
and lower range
now I like the way I'm living
don't get geeked by my clothes
I'm all a mercant human
I love legs and the holes
so don't look at me funny
or I'll pluck out your life
and the last thing you'll remember
is the trucker in fish net tide
yes I'm proud to be country trans bestie
and I love the world
the girls clothes all day
all day
painted lips
padded hips my straight legs on display
yes I'm proud to be country trans bestie
and I love the world
the girls clothes all day
style and mute
something cute
well it sends us on our way
yes I'm proud to be country trans bestie
I get these padded holes on here
and hope I don't get around
you know I hate that
you know when you chip your nails
and that thing flakes off at this terrible
you know you got to go back home
and just put your nails on the ground
I always think come up or something
you can just put it on the ground
and you wouldn't have to do it everybody
you know what I'm saying
I could use a rubber bath
I really could
and I'm going to go to the shop
I am I swear to God I'm going to get a fight
1244-56-WQA I'm here on Monday
we got an hour in the quarter to go
not too bad so far we're moving along
with some real award winners out there
as usual
here's Fort Waterdale hello
Neil good morning
yes sir
is it past the statute to make
a limitation to make a comment about the elections
crap yes
oh I can't make I couldn't get through last week
too bad too late
all right well I was like if I comment on the stadium issue then
all those transplant planted yellow empty seats in the Miami new stadium
going to go over to the New Marlin stadium
yeah they're going to paint in black this time
they're going to get smart
nobody's going to go to these games
I know that it's pathetic
yeah you know it I know it and so
in their heart to the Marlins though but don't confuse them
if it's something that people have to vote on I had to sort of
no they could just do it without anything
the county commission the city commission and the legislature
and the rest of us are screwed I mean the rest of you
and they can't hear a screw I love them
oh my god they're all Democrats too
they're both no they're not these down there that's right
and well what difference does it make
Alex paint paint analysis a Democrat
well as the next election right
okay have a great day see well one-dimensional
guys all they want to talk about those people
bap bap bap bap bap it doesn't make any difference
and they burst out in the area that undercuts
just what you're saying Democrats and Republicans
they both suck they all suck
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
here's Miami hello me
I don't know okay me off the first thing is
do you remember back in July how they said they had to empty
out oktober because it was too full no yeah
they were saying I was hearing you I empty out oktober
I wasn't hearing July sir oh I'm sorry they may be
judgment remember they had to open up the floodgates
and empty out oktober are main drinking water reservoir
yeah because it was too full now it's empty
I mean what are they thinking I mean
next time there's just leave it full
and that way we'll have enough water for a drive season
I mean it's just ridiculous I don't think about the
stadium so they realize you have to pass by
at least four blocks of rough rough city street
to get to the expressway yeah I mean please
please people how about how about the old Miami arena
yep that was in the middle of the rough neighborhood right
I mean and then you had the cost of a street
and that's one of the places they're talking about building
the stadium I mean they're just I mean when Joe Robby
wanted to build a stadium they really grabbed them by the balls
to fix all the streets before he built the stadium yeah
but why can't they do this with this guy look
because he doesn't have any balls I mean in the city of Miami told Joe Robby
no we're not gonna fix up the arms falling that's the reason why Joe Robby had to build
the stadium yeah all right there's nothing we could do about it to vote them out
Joe Robby didn't have a ping-a-pagcandy to deal with back in those days
that was the problem he didn't have the right crooked politicians to deal with
in addition to which he had enough you know
he had nothing testinal for soon if you're not going to do it I'll go ahead and do it myself
and that's where it should be you want to go on a restaurant business
build a restaurant you want to go on the sports business build a venue
or rent one from somebody else that already exists
don't come to the public and say ah if you want us to be competitive
we got to have more of your money
only one thing I would like to see them doing that's go away
that you would make us a lot more competitive here WQA and I'll tell you that
you like taking a noose off our necks and economic noose
this station is strangling on marlins on crap
anybody want to buy a marlin spot for this coming season no real cheap come on
50 cents a holler no
four for a dollar no
here's Evan Chura hello
I'm Neil yes sir is it my radio is broke is this true what I'm hearing
about the they're going ahead go see with the stadium
well it's not a done deal but it's a behind the doors deal you have to get it approved
but it's a signed field and almost delivered between Mayor Penga Pakenia
and John Henry that's what we needed I think we needed down there we it's going to
do good for the city it's going to do good what oh the economy should bring in some people
I'm definitely going to be going to bring in some people what from where from where
from where well they'll probably be coming from all parts now
is it they're going to maybe try to pursue I hope we're going to get CJ too
they're going to try to maybe maybe get a jeeter something
draw some people in that
sir what the hell are you talking about what is going to go up what are you getting Charles Johnson
got to do with building a stadium for a meeting here we need some good ball players
to play to get the people down yeah
and why is that and why is that important sir no people people are will not come people are coming now and you're not going to come then
well I'd rather take in a good baseball game than to some of this stuff that's
we're trying to settle into now and what are we trying to what are we trying to settle into now what are they
think in the join up yeah
I say so in other words maybe if they won but what about they still lost what about if they couldn't
compete in the crappy team would you go then we're going to try to get some
I don't know sir glad that they can't get my car if they continue to lose
will you go subsidize them then we're going to get yeah huh five six seven oh five 60
pound five 60 that's not like John Henry's boyfriend to make yeah you could tell he was in that position
the first step of yeah step on this here's Carol city hello
yeah sir if a black man walk on the street and speak to talk about it but I don't hear you talk about the
sheriff elect in Georgia that have gone down because we're going to clean up the city
with corruption is running all over sure what are you talking about you didn't read a new
yesterday in further paper sheriff elect Georgia in the in the catered Georgia now was shot down
now now yeah I let you know nobody know why because he was elected to be sheriff and he said he
was going to clean up the city all because there was too much corruption by the president sheriff there
and his bunch of rooms yeah and they gunned him down yeah you didn't hear anything about that sheriff John
Brown you read a song the paper today find John Brown's body no I did not I just why he keep
asking to the same question I don't you see it's always have a black man fit on the street you always
up something to fear about it but what it's on us why so what are you talking about I'm
talking about you all the jump read you all the jump on a black man if he walked on the street
and spit yeah we're quick I'm getting on the street dammit you crazy smarts are you I shot the sheriff
oh did you well he was aiming to shoot me I thought I were clapped and shot the sheriff
5 6 7 0 5 60 maybe that was because he was pissed off his kids about the window I don't know 5 6 7 0 5 60
but we got some real ethnic psychotics today man very first of all right why you hate to
Cuban people I like you but I'm talking about Mayor Penga Pakenia who happens to be Cuban
and I'm sure there's plenty of Cubans are too proud of that we got that one and the next guy
some story about some of the having the catered Georgia which I didn't read about and he's screaming
and he's been on a black man spits on the street I'm talking about it and how come black men are
spending the street that's what we like to know use the sidewalk here's a mobile invoker
hello Daniel yes sir great show as always oh yeah sure this is why you're proud of today
I hear you say you have a poll up yet on how many people outside of day that are going to
go to this Miami stadium no no I don't what you do it no okay that's cool no the question is
do you support the new stadium in Miami I already took the poll on Friday how many
people are going next to you how many different polls can I take on a Marlins yeah that's
true you know that I don't think anybody outside of brown is probably going to renew
it right right very few people are from brown and almost nobody from Palm Beach are going to
have a big county forget it build it and they will not come okay have a great show thank you thank you how's
that poor comments you have in one vote do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Miami Marlins
71 yes 230 no 23.5% yes 76.5% say absolutely no positively no way Jose as in no no
and that's why they didn't have a referendum because they knew that would be the outcome at
least 70% against and probably just as much as we got there maybe even more maybe 80%
what say no we're not using any kind of tax dollars to subsidize our goddamn stadium for
another sport brat billionaire who made himself a bad deal and now wants the public to bail him out
here's a mobile in Miami hello I think you showed all of them Marlins stock and one of
the stock they're not going to get understood I mean didn't say he was going to do
actually nothing nobody got the full-play stadium you couldn't give away those
takers I mean I don't know what the deal is just to join any guys okay see in New York I
mean you hear what the thing of a can you say the other day you say in fact where's
that quote he said I told him if it isn't the name without the name change that he was
off so it's got to be instead of the floor mouth it's got to be the Miami Marlins and he
said and he told John Henry said can you imagine like the Yankees if they want to play in the
city and they use this name of the state I've got his comments on the name change see you
listen what I just said I was busy looking for that comment it's my was much more
worthwhile than here I don't want to hear his comments don't you hear what I just said God
damn it about if the Yankees who play in the city how could they be the Yankees if they
use the name of the state it was better the first time sorry if you were listening
would you stop playing with that tape I don't want his voice on his show don't you
understand it I'll dump it go ahead and play it you'll see how fast I'll dump it I don't
want his voice on my air I want his voice on the show about as much as I ever
want to see Peter Leonard again not ever see the two of them together no there you
got to rest my case or when I think of those the way you used to suck up to
it makes me want to puke
55 at 560 WQAM 430 560 WQAM by Amy Port Lauderdale a
easily
WQAM dot com for the world
but it's it's a one to two hour one in seven Americans suffer from a terrible
affiction and while others find it funny for those who have it it's no
laughing matter it's called frequent burping syndrome it's terrible I'll be on
the date or a business meeting and excuse me see see what happened frequent
burping syndrome it can ruin your life but it doesn't have to now there's a clinic
that can help trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive
belchers a special place known as grip inters gosh grip inters saved my life
Joanne and I were in love I really wanted to ask her to marry me but I just knew
that when the moment of truth came I'd let out with a big ripper you know
burp inters no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches no more
stopping in mid-sittance to one fork of big cheesy blaster just carrying
professionals and the help you need don't wait here's the number to call
555 2877 555
burp inters call today and stop being so gross one o'clock
look at that the little hand is on the big hand we got one hour to go it's a
big gigantic one to our way to do to cause this arm and it's gonna be pretty great
you'll see you'll see you have a little faith 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line here's cross-spring so cross-spring 5 6 7 0 5 60 they got
their little record there they got it all cute up and it was on here about a
half a second nice going here's a mobile and Kindle hello
okay everyone let's talk about how many schools we could build with this
morning for the stadium with the part down there why don't we have a nice park
better this whole that they have maybe they like it that way so that we won't
complain when they go to stadium on our part you know and marriage
to your home will you please run against the knowledge so we can get this guy
out what we want Meritz to your home for that's the best we can do is an old hack
like him well we have well I'm not a tack huh he's an
artifact well we have well there's got to be somebody else down there in Dave
County out of a two there's just be another panel let's see we kidding
okay well good luck to you sir I live in Broward that's that's like the guy that says
Bobby Butterworth run against your bush if these are the best people you can
come up with in the state of Florida is Meritz deerheim and Bobby Butterworth and
you deserve what you get 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless
line Meritz deerheim will help give us a metro rail
here's a lady in Kindle hello oh hi yes man how you doing I'm not in favor
of the mall and the stadium issue I wanted to bring something to your attention I
was wondering there is a US tax code 501 c3 which relates that nonprofit
organizations cannot speak out on political issues or they can lose their tax
exempt status now I'm wondering if this can be checked into and when organizations
cannot speak out an individual can I wonder if this affects the
modern stadium situation no it does not what does one have to do with the other well
if there's a lot of people belong to some organizations and they say they don't
want to want this modern stadium the organization cannot speak out or they
lose their taxes and status if it's a political issue well since it comes out
of the county government and the city government I would assume it's a
political issue I would just bring in this to your attention okay thank you very
much you bet I wish I could say the same 20 that were going to be good
this out yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line let's
build on the goddamn stadium what is saying and then they will watch it fail
and I will say I did county you live in the county yeah that's what we'll do we'll
just keep pointing our fingers you poor bastard you live in the county that's what we'll
do I'm sick of fighting for people that don't give a crap about themselves you people in
the county their goofballs anyway so let them lose their holes here's Miami hello
Neil yes sure yeah I worked for the county for the last 13 years I worked downtown
yes I'm in center and I'm noticing that all the employees that worked are all
my co-workers that are moving to the bowler county of course the last you know the last
five six years naturally okay and I think what they're begging on one
hundred and one three I'm gonna talk about Mayor being a big a Kenya well he's
backing on is that these people that now live in Boward that used to live
in the county but are still working in the county downtown yeah area they're backing
on them staying have to work and you know going to the ballgame not to work hang
on happen see I'm sorry thank you no though he's forgetting about is what they got
to do when you have a wrong commute home you want to get out of there as soon as
possibly not going to hang around all night well I mean you know that's that's the
mass migration no people people will not be going to their games I mean they're
being ready by the year two thousand four two thousand two there'll be a
complete stoppage and baseball they're going to have a massive strike the
worth from probably in the history of the sport and probably miss a whole entire
season and you can imagine that the relations between the public and the players
and the holders of the owners at that point are going to be the worst ever so nice
timing again for that one guy who called out about education given up money
to have to school yeah I'm against that to the squadron tax dollars okay great
thank you he's against that too five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty and he the same guy called just a couple of days ago with the same crap
suburbate them same thing about squandering our tax dollars sir if I
do have you okay pick up our change the Washington will that might be handy
here's a mobile and tamarack hello hey Neil yes sir just some food for thought yes
George W is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty are two or three
eight TNT and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile and boi TNB chill out yeah
Neil first time long time yes sir listen I'm probably just no way I will
ever drive down you're not a chance how about if they paid you a buck of my
mile I'm a huge huge full family there's no way I'll go down there okay I
better do you but I want you to expose single 18 play all right all I have the same
okay thank you yeah there's your guys is if they paid him fifty bucks a mile he
wouldn't go down to the sea or crappy team how do you like that John Henry basically
what he said was all right and have a nice life loser he never I mean I'm
gonna say made a billion dollars in the commodity market they lost half of it
back and we're supposed to bail him out because you got snookered by a bald headed
geek who played him for a sucker because this guy thinks he's gonna be a
baseball maggot well I got news for I've met some people in my life who think that
they're gonna be sports maggots and they got part of that right one of them was
in here this morning how'd you like that story about slathering at the stuff on his
sandwich I must have been to the North nor you want with the MST with the one
of our fair that he slathered some hot sauce on his on his sandwich on his meat
made him blotchy and made him as meat blotchy or something like that and his
kids were splurting out hey dad you all read in the face and of course if you
worked with if you're responsible for anything with this company you'd be
read in the face all the time so it doesn't come as any rates of piers to me
especially trying to screw over our good buddy Miguel who ought to be the
promotion director isn't that what the came in here told us this morning is
that what he said you were in here I don't think he said that he said
that the dog gonna up this instantly he said that the Miguel was gonna take you
taking care of and what's your name doing doing that she was gonna be doing it
with him or something like that he'll and then of course of course that's
the he's on the outside of all he hasn't got any idea what's going on his
plate well that's the way it goes five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T line so one thing I've told you before whether it's the
election whether it's the stadium issue one thing in this town you're never
going to get any coherent conversation out these people because they don't
have an in them it's not in them here's a mobile in pompano hello in the
hall you're doing okay happy on a good to you same to you listen you know
I'm I want to about ten or fifteen marlin games last year loved it a
lot yeah there is no way that I'm going into downtown Miami
the first time I went down and watched the Panthers play when they were down at the
arena it was with my father and I yeah we were driving back out in one of the
neighborhoods as you're going up on the overpass to get on the ninety five we saw
a bunch of people burning cars on the out on the street right there is no way in
heck that I am going down all the way down into Miami to watch something that you
don't even know it's gonna be there you don't have a clue what's gonna happen
like you said with the collective bargaining agreement and baseball right and you know
we know we do have a very good course and have a lot of night well yeah it's
got a lot of blow up in baseball face and the fans are all going to pay the
price but I can tell you one thing it is going to be the most expensive domed
flea market in the country by the time this is all done and you guys all might as
well get used to the fact that all you're going to see down there is going to be a
lot of stands with fresh fruits and a lot of old pieces of pipe and plumbing so
that would be a good day okay well god bless broard
thanks for that okay yeah we live in broder we live in Palm Beach we live in
real America we don't live in Dave County that little whatever that thing is
there whatever that was I lived in a candle five years that was enough it was
it was okay head is moments
candle let's see sunset and a hundred seventh avenue I'm a right on the street
four quarters habitat horizons nice area count gate yeah we just can't
drive around it no matter where you want to go you can't get there from south
aid two hours to get out of there yeah of course we always got the
Dixie highway yeah the Dixie highway hey Brian still in kill up and take
care of this you know he really is turning out to be just what we say to
us the other day ten minutes after one is five sixty WQF break eight
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
them to ship them all over something?
I'll work on it.
I gladly help the cost.
Okay.
Take care.
Okay, that's it.
Thanks for the show today.
I'm going to cut it short.
So you're taking off next week.
Yeah, we don't have to be here.
I think I'll take a few days ago to Vegas.
Why don't you all not?
We don't have any reason to be here except pay day.
Of course, I'm sure we're going to be getting paid early, wouldn't we?
I'm going to make this coming out of Christmas day after Christmas.
Or what?
In fact, next Monday's Christmas.
So I'm assuming that those of us who get paid by check will get paid early.
Like, really?
Yeah, it takes several days off.
Screw this.
This audience has got no interest whatsoever on what they are saying.
Most of it, I wouldn't wish on Hitler.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Last attempt.
Last desperate gasp here on a desperate Monday.
Yeah, take a deep breath.
And those fly too much of that crap on your meat.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Body color.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm upset.
I'm frustrated about the stadium.
I lived here all my life.
And the reason you won't probably see it have been the Robertson coming out against it,
and not the editorial board, is because the Hillbs only interested in getting their property values to go up along that shoreline.
And they don't want to bring it to a vote.
And you know, there were clamoring all about the people's right to vote.
And you don't see a editorial in the Hillbs saying, hey, this needs to go to referendum.
I noticed it was very conspicuously missing any editorial either way in the Hill.
I looked just to be sure to see what they were going to say, and they didn't say nothing.
You know, it's that.
I'm a business owner in this town.
And I pay my property taxes, and it takes a hit.
I employ 20 people that work in the city of Miami, that live in the city of Miami, and nobody cares about me.
Nobody cares about my business.
Just give us right a check, pay the property tax, even though in the touch of a lot,
I'm taking trips to Spain and spending $40 million dollars promoting tourism.
Nobody cares about it.
And it's sick.
I mean, what is this town about?
Ever since Andrew, this town has been destroyed anyway.
There was a great white flight out of day counting.
Going up to Broward County, nobody wants to talk about.
There's nobody left down here.
You're right.
And it's sad to see, and from someone who's lived here all his life,
but it is a travesty.
I don't know why there's no business coming here.
Technology is starting to start up a little bit.
But why would a corporation come to this town when there's no benefit for a business being here?
All you care about are greedy owners, building a stadium in arenas, and that's all people care about.
And you know, out of the panelists, you know, John Henry, you have that little quote, I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
The people in this town are crazy in nuts.
They have people, leaders, and mayors in this town that are corollil and panelists,
and there's a handful of people that run this town.
It's been that way since Steve Clark was alive, and it'll always be that way.
Forget the people, it's about a good select for you that can make money off this issue,
and that's all that matters.
And the people need to start getting upset about it.
It's disgusting.
It's not going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
I've been trapped for 25 years.
I could be in a mental institution for all the good it did, but it's hopeless.
And you know, something good people better left in this town get the hell out,
because there's nothing else for you.
They tell you that every time something like this comes up, the hell there's a travesty.
I called you about a year and a half ago saying that Miami News,
and you know, the Harold has never been the same since the Miami News left,
because nobody's ever challenged him now.
Right.
And the airport, they had a great expoze on the airport a couple years ago.
And that was the end of the day.
It didn't take forever.
But everything they run in this town that the government runs in this town is corrupt.
The port, the airport, and now they have the arenas to be corrupt, and it's a travesty.
That's right.
I'm ready to go.
Passport and get out of date.
You're right.
I guess.
Okay.
Good luck, Jesen.
128 at 56QAM.
This is 560 QAS.
The Neil Roger Show.
Sports radio.
560â€¦ QAS.
I'm being forced to be going to Christmas.
I'm forced to be going to Christmas.
He's not five!
I'm doing it here!
I'm forced to be gone.
I'm a Christmas, I'm worshiping I'm a Christmas, I'm worshiping I'm a Christmas, it's not five I'll do it.
He's like a sad, I'm covered with people.
Oh, man.
He's like a friend of color, people.
All the women, chatting to friends, would not be fluffed in the back.
He's in the dust bag, wearing a t-shirt from Crow.
He's been doing that to leave a gift on someone's door.
I saw it on the floor, on the show, I cried for.
What did he have to ask my friend?
Are you sorry, my friend?
He tried to know what he's like.
All the women, jumping, jumping, smoking, joking snuffing...
You might have said, I told you that.
No, no, it's not.
I huh real bad ourselves.
You know we end upÃ¼yorsun Ð´Ð¾Ñ chiening, you know I'm just not the same, you know.
What's 23 at 5.60 WQAM?
Two calls left in the board.
Pointless is like I said, these people are pissed off and fired up, baby.
They're whipped up into a frenzy.
I don't...
In fact, let me just...
Very clearly.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
No.
I said I've read at the beginning of the show and I should just stick with that.
It'll have many years to my life.
If I just forget about the people in the big county, whatever happens to you, you deserve.
That was excellent.
5.607.0560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the lady mobile in the fall, so long.
Hi, Neil.
I hope I can top that call.
Uh-huh.
I'm pissed off, as hell.
Let me tell you why.
Last week, for the first time in my entire life, I had my water turned off by Miami-Dade
Water and sewer department because I failed to pay the bill.
And now I read the paper yesterday.
They want us to subsidize a broad part.
What does that have to do with you not paying your bill?
I'm pissed off because now they're asking me to pay the deposit on my account.
I've been accustomed for 20 years.
Yeah.
You know, this county is run just like the business that I worked for, belts out.
It's where to go.
Nobody is running a shift.
They're just drifted along and do whatever the hell they wanted to.
That sounds like a busy broadcast in the rain.
Well, it could be them too.
It could be a tribe vector.
Okay, well, listen, pay the bill.
Okay, last call.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line out of town line.
877-785-6345.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Viva Alex Perela.
Viva George W. Bush.
That's about what is fourth time today.
That crazy spick.
Well, there's a couple of them that you pissed off because they're the ones that get
increased, you know.
Oh, we're running on their parade.
Oh, is that it?
Uh-huh.
Well, grease this.
Think a couple of them of those talk show hosts that love you so much.
Really?
Well, they're on the payroll.
And you notice that the hero did such a great job on that investigative report that they
brewed it on about page 36 and we never saw any follow-up either.
On the Julio's, they were getting paid to express certain views on Spanish language radio
in this town.
Oh, and that was going to be a big expo say and blah, blah, blah.
And they buried it and I'm paid like I said, paid $145 and never any follow-up.
One of the great flaws they ever perpetrated in this town.
But you see, they're afraid to alienate certain constituencies that they mention a names.
You have no idea how difficult it is to restrain myself from jumping right on that bandwagon
that this audience, they would just love me to be the ringleader.
They knew Amy Schaefer.
Oh, yeah.
You have no idea.
Because it's not hard to despise the whole Cuban thing in Dave County when you live down
it.
It's very easy to generalize your mind and say, oh, they almost be like those green-toothed
lunatics.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, I don't.
Great.
We read a recent article that I found.
I can shift in the United States.
I've been thinking about other 20 years or so.
People of color are going to be in the majority.
And I was wondering if you think that's going to have any major impact on people of color
are going to be in the majority?
Yeah.
Where do you read that?
What do you mean people of color?
I mean, you don't mean blacks.
You mean people who are non-white?
I don't know.
Non-white.
So what does that have to do with anything?
Well, if you look down through history, people that feel it have been oppressed when they're
in the minority, they're very quiet.
But as soon as they get into the majority, things change rapidly.
A lot of civil unrest in the world.
Well, it seems to me that the first three appointments that the new presidents just made
two of them were black and one was Hispanic.
What does that have to do with civil unrest and with the revolution?
Well, they're not in the majority yet.
What difference does it make?
In other words, when the count gets one past 50%, then we're going to have a revolution.
Is that what you're saying?
I think it's very possible.
Yes.
I think you're delusional and psychotic and a bigot.
5.670560, 05.560.
You see what I mean?
I just said, wait, right under the comment I made before that, right under that call.
And then I think it's Donald Worshaw and I think of Joe Gerstin and Barry Schweiber and
Larry Smith and the long list of non-Hispanic cooks that we've had down here.
And Jeb Bush.
And what's your name, Secretary of Bush?
So we'd like to spread it around.
Here's a cuff.
5.670560, 05.560 on a AT&T line.
Just one crazy person after another one.
Another crazy person, and then here comes another one.
It's crazy Monday here in South Florida.
And you wonder why this dates food up the election?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Oh, great.
Yes, sir.
What can I do for you?
Well, basically, just hanging in there, man.
I mean, I'm listening to you and I feel for you because I see all the crap that you're
going to.
But the Spanish stations, by the way, and all the median Spanish is eating it up and saying,
how good it's going to be for the community and broadcast.
Hi, and OK.
I don't care what the Spanish stations are.
I'm not interested.
They have no interest in the Spanish stations.
All they are, a bunch of pandoras.
I agree with you, man.
I'm going to put it up Miami.
OK.
Just make sure there's no bananas on it.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
I bet you that.
Happy holidays, by the way, for the guy who's saying Bush and Pinola, but he gave for them.
I bet you he was one of the guys burning the American flag with the alien dilemma.
I don't know.
Selfish Julio.
I just wanted to talk to you real quick about a roasted third.
I was diagnosed with that.
And I know it's interesting to the public, but who cares?
I want to speak to you about it because I was diagnosed with a roasted gird and they gave me this new renegade.
Erosive gird? What does that mean?
Well, it's more serious than the regular gird.
Wow.
And they gave me this medicine called AsFX for it.
AsFX?
I'm sorry?
AsFX?
AsFX.
Well, I know what those are.
Yeah.
But I wanted to speak to you real quickly and real briefly about what were the major symptoms that you were having?
Were you getting pain in your upper ab and radiated to the chest in other areas of the body?
Yeah.
Because that's what I've been getting in.
But why are you asking me why wouldn't you be asking your doctor?
I mean, I'm not a doctor.
Well, the doctor is good, but I wanted to speak to somebody who was diagnosed with this disease.
They were getting a sick...
I don't have erosive gird.
I just have pain every day regular.
Erosive.
But that's an erosive gird.
But that was one of those symptoms, correct?
Did it wiki up in the middle of the night?
No.
It did wiki up in the middle of the night.
No.
Okay.
I just wanted to get some bearing on this because I'm a little worried about it and I just wanted to call you back.
So how long have you been taking medication?
For about ten days.
And?
A little bit of improvement, but I'm still getting the symptoms.
I don't know if it takes this well for the medication, but it takes longer to take effect.
What does your doctor tell you?
I told me to double up the dosage.
So I doubled up the dosage about two, three days ago, but I'm still getting some of the symptoms.
I talked to another doctor.
I told you another doctor.
I find a real doctor.
Well, I'm just going to say I suppose you're one of the best in South Florida.
Well, that ain't saying much.
Find you another doctor.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck.
One of the best in South Florida when it comes to doctors is about like that.
Trust me.
Twenty-one for...
What was your name again?
I even hear forty times what's in it.
Twenty-one for two at five sixty-watt to QAM.
This is five sixty QAF.
Oh, Neil.
My queen.
God.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Thank you, Neil.
The white difference.
The night's over the dimension.
I'm wearing her clothes.
Her self-pandie clothes.
Walking around the wind and down the wind.
In the snow and the day.
A little strength.
Like the day.
It holds me so tight.
I can't come that night.
Walking around the wind and down the wind.
In the office there's a guy named Melvin.
He pretends that I am Murphy Brown.
You see how he ready?
He will say, whoa, man.
The thing until the light is out of town.
Later on in the water.
We can trade.
Like my daughter.
But I'm from high shade.
At your love for rain.
The only reason I'm too late.
I'm getting tired.
I'm getting tired.
I'm getting tired.
In the snow and the day.
I'm wearing her clothes.
She'll pay me over.
Walking around the wind and down the wind.
Walking around the wind and down the wind.
Walking around the wind and down the wind.
When I saw James Barrma peckless playing with sessions of riding
Here's a mobile and cross-brain.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I hope I have something that's a little different.
A fire member correctly over the years, you always said you like rocky road ice cream.
Yes.
Well, one of the, one who wants to be a millionaire, one of those questions, which was, I think,
about $8,000.
$10 million, yeah.
At what time did rocky road ice cream first appear?
World War One.
Yeah.
Did you press it?
World War Two or the Korean War?
I mean, I did know the answers, but I was surprised at it.
And what was the answer?
The question.
The question?
The question, yes.
Yeah.
At that time, much more than the first appearance.
Yeah, well, I guess it fit right in.
You know, it was kind of a rocky road.
Yeah, at that time, it was.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Woo!
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, what was my, Hank Orbert from
Shoolestake 2 at 2 o'clock, none too soon, by the way.
Let me tell you.
Oh, brother.
This has been a real fly opener today.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a question.
Are you on Hank Goldberg?
Yeah, I love it.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Call your right back.
Call your right back.
Here's Naples.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing today, sir?
Okay.
Speaking of all the scams that's going on in Miami, have you heard about the Cardinal
Michelle, do you have a down-to-dino I think his name is in Italy?
No.
Here's the article right from the Naples village, it's a little short paragraph.
The highest ranking church official ever to stand criminal trial in Italy.
Prosecutors alleged Cardinal supplied $800,000 to finance a loan-sharking ring run by his brother
and appropriated another $500,000 in church funds.
Longing for us.
Great.
The Vatican has no comment on the amount of allegations.
Of course not.
Although the protests they have because the investigators first the other Bishop's office and Bud Disbone.
Just another one of those beautiful things.
I love it.
Just another isolated incident.
Thanks for the good news.
Just one more.
Have a good day, sir.
Thanks.
And of course we also know.
There's no fact in the church.
But you folks, you keep subsidizing it okay and you have a good clear conscience because the Lord
he likes it that way.
Good old God.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless lines.
Thank God we got a whole bunch of independent free thinkers in Dave County.
Yeah, three of them.
Let's see, the Kleinbergs and maybe there must be one other one.
Oh yeah, Linda Robertson.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I got a hearing when my boss was coming.
Hey, listen, you know, I'm not really feeling too good there because it's nothing as long.
And there's only two things I can make me feel real good.
One is either playing naked tourists with the Miami-Boffent cheerleader or two hearing big black
and embend or the sofa kink.
Can you play with me please?
No.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T.
You better twist naked with the cheerleaders.
Okay, because I think that's only a short you got.
Any chance of that?
No.
Like I said, feel bad.
Here's Aventura.
Hello.
I'm looking at it with a different tie-up from Europe.
And I just simply amazed me that the taxpayers over here subsidized more time millionaires,
building, sports trainers.
This thing is 350 million by the time it's built, it's going to be 500.
By the time it's finance on a brand market, it's going to be two billion.
Who's going to pay the bill?
Hold the text for you.
Miami never been a brain, first of America, you know.
But the arrival of Cuban diluted even the Louis had here.
But this is amazing.
Of course you get people.
One guy called you and says they would just don't money away anyway.
Yeah, but he was the real genius.
Yeah, he was a rocket scientist.
And then you said, on schools and hospitals like that, he says, yeah.
I mean the more I didn't even realize that you were really making a less of him.
No, he was doing a good job by himself.
Oh yeah, he didn't really help from you.
But I tell you, of course you get, especially from high, Leah.
So what I like about Cuban is nothing.
But if that's not, have a bit of a data.
Prochins.
5.670550.
Somebody say, like, about Cuban?
Is there anything?
No.
Something?
No.
No.
I like Miguel.
Greg, we don't though.
Chris Greg, we don't like you that much either.
Maybe just don't like Cubans.
That could be it.
151 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 5.60 QAM.
Right, hey, you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, Rizz, listen to this music video.
You miss me.
You're so flà¹ˆ.
He said his job is simple.
However, you know up just like he says to Scruple.
You more than buy Sanctuary.
Well, my Rougrarplaying is so remote.
This is credit for your job.
Pass of interest have just been done.
ï¿½
I will give it to you.
Bye.
I'm 65 to 560 WQM has that total comment.
You support the new stadium in my, the stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins.
391 votes.
100 yes, 291 no.
74 and a half percent no, 25 and a half percent yes.
I'd voucher anything.
Of the 100 who have said yes, they supported, I could be wrong or could be overestimating.
I bet you 90 behind from the John Henry people.
Oh yeah, you can be sure they're dealing on it and our website too, neowadgers.com.
Ditto away guys, have a good time.
Because we don't care.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey listen, I was wondering if you've been driving around.
Have you seen a cop that on the side of his car, the state officer?
No.
Well, I got a ticket by one this morning.
I drive a truck and basically he got me for passing on the right but all I was doing
was going into the right hand turnling at the intersection and I happened to confuse
I like at the end of the entrance of the line and there was nobody in line.
He happened to be the last one there and I came too close to his car or his truck without
hitting it and he got pissed off and he pulled me over and gave me a ticket.
Yeah.
So I guess the old juicer has his goons down here collecting or not collecting and storing
money from the state county people.
Can you believe that?
Well, I just wanted to ask you if you had seen any state officer and I didn't know they
were authorized to give tickets down here.
Everybody can give tickets.
The guy from the sea aquarium, I think, right?
Oh yeah.
Well, I'm still going to go tomorrow night to your Shin dig down there at the pizza lot.
Okay.
We'll watch out for the Nazis.
Okay, but we have a good one too.
Oh yeah, everybody can see the Marine Patrol.
The Purpose Patrol.
That would be Kookie if the Marine Patrol pulled you over on land.
Yeah, but they can't.
Sure they can.
What if there's a fake?
I'm not going to be having the immigration people.
You better hope they never pull your ass over on purpose.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi, guys.
Good news.
We got 2001 in March.
Bush will have to resign.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
We got three minutes to go here folks.
You have been so weak today.
I give you a nice gift on Friday.
A great show.
Get us out of there with that one on the mentality.
Get everybody away from their depression.
We played all request.
Everybody was crawling from that show.
We had a great time.
I'll come in here on a Monday.
And this is the worst like slap in the post.
I have never seen anything like this.
This is pathetic.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Everybody must be out of town.
They must all be gone.
