Sports Radio 560W QAM IME4 Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We've talked to Neil called 567-0560-TOLD-Free for dated brarrows,
or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The absence of Neil is gas-fallers or anyone else on the show
does not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the beastly broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I feel really excited.
The spills are acting, not to pie,
but he said your baby's itchy, but blood-dressing cool to deep.
He asked if you were fine wearing something under the torture,
but you call.
Wait until tall.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
You have retarded, retarded, for dead, for tall, bad.
You have retarded, retarded, for dead, for tall, bad.
Said it's not as much as you said so, but now,
you're a fool, you're a tiger, you're a cow, you're a fool, you're a cow.
Said it's not as much as you said so, but now, you're a hot,
you're a hot, you're a tough, you're a little bit down.
You have retarded, retarded, for dead, for tall, bad.
You have retarded, retarded, for dead, for tall, bad.
You have retarded, retarded, for tall, bad.
Harold three of five sixty W.A.M.
Swinley are poor yesterday.
Dennis Rodman is gone, by the way.
Dallas Maverick's released him.
He got him in the first place.
Nobody knows with a brain.
You know, when that happened here a couple of weeks ago,
I listened to that morning show of ours on a weigh-in,
and I have no idea.
That was the last time I turned him on in the car.
Oh boy, he could he rebound, what are rebounder?
How about can he rebound?
Dallas Maverick's gave up on her biggest drawing card,
when they were releasing him hours after he'd latched out again against owner
and waiting more Cuban.
He was ejected twice with a rocket suspended once and find $13,500.
He's a scumbag.
He's a disgusting subhuman piece of crap.
But nevertheless, they'll confuse the sports nerds with that.
And I'm discovering from our pool yesterday,
from the results I have in my hand right now,
the sports nerds, they just don't get it.
We asked yesterday, they should then marina retire sign
with the Minnesota Vikings or plan other year with the dolphins.
We had 692 respondents,
far and away our biggest response,
and of course you'd expect that,
because I mean, this is a lot more important than gun control,
things like that.
Huh?
Of course it is.
Well, no, I asked for a thousand votes.
We got 692, and the thing was down from about 330 to 9.
Why is that?
Yeah, we wrote a lot of votes.
Huh? It was broken for six hours.
So at any rate, we had 692 votes.
362 said he should retire,
which is 52.3%.
Just over 52%.
Said Danny, retire.
36.1%.
That's 250 people said he should sign with a Minnesota Vikings.
And 80 people, only 11.5%
of the difference in other year for the dolphins,
which of course is ridiculous,
because the dolphins want to back.
No.
No.
In spite of what anybody is lying about these days,
they don't want to back.
Who they...
No.
No.
But the thing that's shocking to me is that just almost 50%
think that he ought to continue playing somewhere.
Shocking, astonishing.
They're in denial.
They would clear a pattern, baby.
Where are they?
Oh, they're in denial.
Man, that is astonishing to me.
Almost as astonishing as this.
I found this literature that I had sitting around in the car
that I hadn't thrown out yet.
And I'm really glad I didn't throw it out yet.
It's the a prospectus for the Class A Common Stock
of Beasley Broadcast Group Inc.
Today on the program,
we're beginning the first in a 700-part series
of why not to buy Beasley Broadcasting Stock.
We're only going to be covering this four hours a day
for the next 45,000 days.
No, seriously, I'm looking on page 58 of this prospectus.
Remember that show Family Affair?
That's what this is all about.
Principal stockholders.
And somebody was telling me just in the last 24 hours
that people that invest aren't too crazy about companies
where like it's incestuous,
where all the stockholders,
all the big...
I mean, all the people in the family
are like, got some kind of a title.
You know, they're all the board members and so on and so on.
So we're kind of an incestuous relationship.
You know what I mean by that?
Kind of like we have around here a QA,
although they're not all related.
They're like kissing cousins, you know?
The inner circle.
Jerk.
And I see like George G. Beasley's got almost 14 million shares
of Common Class B Stock in Beasley Broadcasting.
And Bruce G. Beasley's got one and a half million
and B. Caroline Beasley.
She's got her 1.3 million.
And Brian E. Beasley has got 420,000.
And then there are a couple of other guys.
One named Mark Fowler,
who used to be the chairman of the FCC,
who's got a Paul Tree 10,000 shares of Class A Stock.
So basically it's a family affair.
And when I take a good look at this,
and when I see that the price at closing yesterday
was 12 and a half bucks,
it makes me feel real good that I didn't buy any of this stock.
And then when I find out this morning from George,
that we have somebody hand a building,
I don't want to mention any names,
because I'm sure he needs the job.
Somebody at the building who's old,
like over two grand.
So you know I'm choking out a little piece of potato.
Oh God.
Where did that come from?
What was the name of that place?
Don't say it.
Anyway, no sure if I'm choking on that.
And that's God punishing me because we had a huge meal
at the macaroni grill last night.
Nice to see my good buddy, J.P.
Bad information though, J.P.
The flyer's treated Michael Renberg to the Phoenix.
That was correct,
but not for Keith Kitchuck for Rick Talkert.
Just a small difference.
You're still number one in my book, J.P.
That's for you.
Now what's that was I just saying?
About an expense account.
Oh yeah, about that expense account.
For over two thousand dollars,
where the company said,
well you just go ahead and pay for it yourself
and we'll reimburse you right away,
which was months and months ago.
Did this person ever get reimbursed?
No.
And so you have to wonder about that
because 22, 200 bucks for like most of the people
who work around here,
that's a pretty good amount of cash.
That's a size of a lot of money to put out of your own pocket.
When the boss man says,
oh you just go ahead and fly and fork it out
and we'll pay right back.
Let me say it again.
Did he ever get paid back?
No.
Now I have to raise both of my eyebrows way up in here
when I see that a company
that's got millions and millions of shares of their own stock here,
which even at ten bucks a share,
if I had 1.4,
if I had 13, Jesus Christ,
if I had 14 million shares
and it was only ten bucks a share,
that comes out to 140 million bucks.
Sounds like to me.
I think I could squeeze by on that
and probably take care of all the good people in this building.
All four or five of them.
If I had that 140 million bucks.
So you have to wonder on the one hand,
see when people are encouraging you to invest in a company
that's going to do this and go to the,
by the way, is there a phone system installed yet?
No.
Now the new phone system,
which I told you in the three boxes showed up yesterday,
is it installed yet?
No.
Does the office phone in here
is that working yet today?
No.
No.
See, there's no sense of immediacy.
Don't push these people.
They don't want to be pushed.
Don't you get it, mister?
They don't want to be pushed.
You're getting pushy and they don't want to be pushed.
We'll get his 23 hundred bucks back when they're good and ready.
When they feel like it.
Just like when Mad Dog comes in,
you're expecting to get paid for like the last three,
four, six months, whatever.
For doing those shows,
those great shows that he has on his station.
When they're good and ready,
when they get around to it,
they don't like being pushed.
Don't you get it?
Nine minutes after 10 on the 560 WQ way,
our poll question today,
of course, has to do with affirmative action.
We'll get to that in a second.
I heard some real crap yesterday on his show
from people out there who just don't want to get it.
Affirmative action.
The answer is still.
No.
No.
Absolutely positively.
No.
Goodbye to affirmative action.
If you can't compete, go shuffle your feet.
That's my suggestion to you.
Write on out the door.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what the Johnny Cochrane says.
If you cannot compete, go shuffle those feet.
In the opposite direction,
because you weren't going to be getting hired.
No portion of his broad guess.
No, let me know.
Without the express written permission of WQAM,
deeply re-equitioned court.
This station stands for nothing.
We'll send to another edition of his side,
lifeless board of holes.
Draced Anasalness is our guest today.
Yo, Dre, yo,
what do you have to say about your admirers
who are obsessed and worship you in every way
and base their intellect and entire existence
on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told,
but the big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on over and under and under
the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told,
but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors
flying around that year articulate enough
to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots?
And they say you're getting close to sign-and-back contract.
I don't know what I've been told,
but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work
for underprivileged children helping to improve
their mathematics skills through showing them
how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told,
but a big, legged woman ain't got no thought.
Mm-hmm.
We'll be back with more inside, lifeless board holes.
Thank you.
I'm looking forward to a 10-15 at 5-60 WQA.
Our poll question today on our website
on neo-rangers.com is very simple.
Now we had almost 700 votes.
We had a head that bet you a lot more than that,
if we wouldn't have been off for six hours,
because a lot of people do vote in the morning.
I noticed no sign-and-back.
But at a day rate, we had almost 700.
And I bet you we get close to our 1000 if we can keep the thing
going the next 24 hours.
If we don't overload it,
do you support affirmative action?
Yes or no?
What an easy question.
And of course the answer is no.
I'm not serious.
I don't want to influence the way you're going to be voting.
Do you support affirmative action?
No.
Yes or no?
Don't do that because then you influence the way you like.
No.
Like you want to fix the result.
Because the stuff that I heard yesterday,
I can't get over it.
I really can't.
The lengths to which some people will go to try to rationalize the fact
that they are lazy
and they want to continue to be pampered
and looking for a handout and special treatment.
The answer, let me say it again, is no.
No.
I say how about affirmative action for ugly people?
Short people.
Short people?
Old people?
People with a hell lip?
Yeah.
Handicraft people?
Oh, they have it.
What?
They have the handicraft, the ADA.
They got some kind of disability act.
Is there something like that?
Well, screw them too.
No, I said some gimp get a job just because they happen to be unfortunate enough to be gimpy.
I mean, if they can do the job well, I say more power to them.
They salute.
But other than that, no way, Jose.
You go when you're new, compete.
And if you can't get the job done better than anybody else,
go do something else.
Go flip out hamburgers.
Go work for a bow jangle.
Get out of my face.
Not complex at all.
These stories, these convoluted stories I was getting from this audience yesterday.
And it's really interesting.
How when we talk about things of general interest to the community or to the country and people shooting your kids and all of these other things.
That we don't generally hear from certain minority groups in this community.
And then all I have to do is mention whether or not if I mention alien we get to you at all and today's the big day in court.
Do we want to hear about that?
No.
No, we don't want to hear about it.
I don't care.
I don't care what the judge says.
I know I couldn't care less.
If I never hear that name again, it'll be too soon for me.
Alien.
But if we start talking about that, you get the predictive response because like I've told you before, most people are have pigeonholed themselves.
They're professional fill in the blank, whatever that might be.
And I don't have any patients for that.
I'm not having no interest in that.
So this garbage that we heard yesterday, this comparative mystery and misread comparative suffering.
Oh, yeah, well, the Jews, yeah, the Jews what?
Last time I checked, Jews got pretty good jobs.
They got an education.
And they went out there and they they lawyers, doctors, dentists.
I'm talking about real dentists, not phony dentists in high.
Real dentists.
Broadcasters, whatever it is, stock brokers.
Every group, every minority group that has ever come to this country.
And by the way, more recently, more recently than some people came here and crates 300 years ago.
Every minority group that's come here suffered tremendous discrimination.
The Italians, the Irish, the Jews, the Poles, every single group, the Catholics, religious groups, ethnic groups.
Every minority that's ever come here suffered tremendous prejudice.
And as that, I overcome enormous hurdles.
Have they looked for handouts?
No.
Have they gotten handouts most of them?
No.
No.
They did it themselves.
And this attempt, these callers that were calling in yesterday are dark friends out there in the audience
trying to compare themselves with the Jewish people because they can change their name.
Guess what?
Ugly people, can they change the way they look?
No.
No.
Only I wish.
No.
And you know as well as I do that, ugly people don't get hired as quickly as good looking people.
If you happen to be lucky enough to have been born with the right genes and maybe wear in the right genes and you look pretty good, you've got a much better chance to get in that job.
And if I happen to be the employer and I choose to, and it's my decision to hire that person, that's my business.
Don't be telling me I've got to hire some ugly bitch.
If you can't compete, go shuffle your feet.
Go beat your meat on the street.
It'll be a real treat.
Get a good seat.
And then we go eat.
Five.
No, seriously, I have no patience for this.
Don't try to sell me on a affirmative action.
CREP, this is what it is and it's been called many times, reverse discrimination.
And you know something that is absolutely correct.
That's exactly what it is.
It's trying to cure one evil by creating another one.
And it doesn't work.
It never has worked.
It's never going to work.
You can try to sell up to me from now until the end of time.
Ain't going to happen.
What was that?
What did I just hear through the window?
Oh, I couldn't say it up there.
It's a shocker.
That's what I thought I heard.
Yeah.
What is that?
It's a friendly chat with who was it?
One of my good buddies in the radio audience?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
You effing bag at that fact, you know.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, are you in a barrel, sir?
Excuse me.
Are you in a barrel?
No, I'm not in a vehicle.
Are you on some kind of a speaker phone instrument?
I'm not on a speaker phone.
So why do you sound like you're in a barrel?
You're like you're in a big house.
I was coming through a tunnel, sir.
Oh.
It's like the tunnel that our black folks had to come through
but 200 years of slavery.
Yeah.
It was a white man beat up with whips and just hell us down.
And hell us down.
What do you want us to do, man?
I mean, what do you want us to do?
We didn't stop from eating.
We got to stop from some point.
Yeah.
You got to stop from some point.
You got to give us some.
I got to give you what?
You're the white man at the final.
You got to give me what?
You should give us a deal.
Every white man at the final black folks in a table in the door at the day.
Take you to the other slavery with you.
Do we actually come over here for an African self?
But do you want to go back?
No, I don't want to go back.
Why?
Why do you complain about that?
What do you think you're talking about?
I was born here in the USA.
What are you talking about being brought over here by a screaming hysterical, uh, darky friend?
Screaming and shrieking.
He ought to go back in a barrel.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, you ought to give us something.
I'm giving you a nut and I give you a free dial tone, no charge.
I give you way too much airtime for somebody acting as hysterical and obnoxious and grotesque as you.
My angry.
Uh, this is just unbelievable.
And, and you know something, I'm glad he was the first call because that's the attitude.
We owe you something.
I don't owe you nothing, man.
I owe you nothing.
And this caller that we had yesterday about, well, the Jews got the reparations for the Holocaust.
This, this guy must be drinking too much grandma boo or something.
What the hell is he talking about?
What Jews is it would do he be talking about?
Got a handout because the six million were killed in a Holocaust.
The hell they did.
What does this guy talking?
Are the Irish looking for a handout?
Are the God damn polish looking for a handout?
The Yugoslavians, the Soviet dissidents, who have any help we took in here?
We owe us something for crap that happened two, three hundred years ago.
Go get a brain, baby.
Go get an education.
Go get a real job and then buy your own God damn dinner.
I'm not buying you no dinner.
I bought dinner last night for like nine people and all of them were white by the way.
How do you like that?
Two Cubans?
Two and a half.
What do you mean by that?
Your daughter is half Cuban?
Not what she told me.
Sabrina says everybody.
She said no way Jose is what she said on the way out.
She said daddy's a spec but he's still okay.
I was lying forward doing by the way.
Is that okay?
Oh Jesus, not another day with this.
Oh man, horse duty.
Horse duty, I can't deal with this crap.
We got a brand new phone system here on the floor.
Is it working yet?
No.
No.
See if it's me if I'm a real broadcast company.
I got somebody in here working around the clock to get this goddamn thing in here.
Instead of excuses.
Well, there was one part missing.
Yet there's a part missing around here.
It's called a corporate brain.
That's the part that's missing.
Call up Dr. Frankenstein and get Igor out there on the job.
Get Igor to steal a brain.
In fact, get him to steal two.
One for Greg.
If he let a hole where he's always scratching there.
Man.
And I also see line eight seems to be like maybe a little bit.
I'm sitting here doing a goddamn high rated the high paid talk show on another make believe Mickey Mouse horseball.
Let me say it again.
The goddamn beastly's got 72 trillion shares of this stock.
And what they want to do is everybody go out there and buy it to make them into billionaires.
See if they wanted to take care of the people in here, not just me, but all of us, it'd be nice.
You know, this is the same principle as selling that crap those t-shirts and caps and making a profit on the hired help around here.
We go to do that appearance in that dead place.
We can go Saturday with those dead people.
Do we have any bumpers that go the irony of the whole thing.
You know the irony.
You know what we were given out besides the 10 caps and those other things that didn't even have our name on it.
Give it out those buttons.
You know who paid for those buttons.
You.
Yeah, I paid for them.
When we first came here, that's back when we had to know Bm buttons and I go a whole bunch of those near Rogers promotional buttons that made up.
And we're giving those out.
We had to get our own TV set our own VCR our own satellite dish and my own goddamn buttons button button who's got the button God damn it.
And we'll be getting our own computer here.
And that's right and I'm paying for our own computer here so we can do that thing on the internet.
I was talking about the other day.
So I can tell you what I really think of this company on the internet without having to like guild a lily without having to watch my words.
Because we might defend the FCC and our good friend Mark Fowler who I see is on the board of a Beasley Broadcasting but evidently doesn't have a very good end with the FCC anymore.
And by the way if you're on the FCC don't hold your breath for that 35 grand as my suggestion to you.
I think we're collected about the same time as get his expense payment.
They don't pay their bills.
I'm off and try again.
If you need help and I'm going to evaluate it.
Here's a mobile inform letter Dale. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Great. Never better sir.
I totally agree with what you're saying.
I happen to wish that my people were enslaved so that I can get your football for $14 million a year.
Yeah.
You know that would be the greatest thing to me.
Yes sir.
And if they feel they want to own a pro football team and get a bunch of investors together like Don King who's so devoted to his people and buy a football team.
No complaint to be.
Did you do it?
The Italians do it?
Everybody does it.
You get the debt to get the best.
Where are you doing and be doing what is what I'm hearing.
If it's good enough for all of us it's good enough for them.
I'm sick of the complainant.
How do you like this guy?
I'm going to buy wine and screaming and carrying on giving something.
Buy me a dinner.
I need somebody to give me something already.
Very good. I'll see you at full dangles.
I'm going to hit track.
How about it?
Get out here.
What do you say is the Arabian?
26 after 10 at 560 WQ.
I'm going to 50 dollars.
I will activity.
Excuse me, Bill.
I'm Robert. Get out.
Uh, Bill. Get out.
I'm the new owner.
Okay.
Bill, as you may know, I'm the CEO of Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals.
All right.
As Johnson & Johnson, we have a standard physical exam that we give all the employees.
Could you drop your pants?
Okay.
Oh, my.
What sort of underpants are those?
Three.
Oh, well, that they have the right to get the appearance.
All right.
First, let me ask, are all of your testicles in working order?
That's your three that are.
Three.
Um, drop your underpants.
Would you?
Oh, my.
That is impressive.
All right, Bill.
Let's move on to the rectal examination.
It says here on your chart you had some problems with a past rectal exam.
Something about the thermometer getting stuck.
How did you have that removed?
Operation.
Ah, surgically removed.
You know, Bill, our researchers of Johnson & Johnson have developed a rectal thermometer
that cell teats should make the exam much more comfortable.
I think that was quite an accomplishment on their part, really.
Yes.
So do we.
All right, Bill.
If you already will begin the insertion, is there anything you'll need?
You have to have something to hold on to, you know?
Oh, yes, yes, quite right.
Why don't you just grip the edge of your desk?
Okay.
Oh, you would want to grip tighters in that.
All right.
And I'll just slide it right in.
Get out of this hole.
Okay.
What's that?
Get out.
All right, Bill.
No need to get angry.
Get out.
Bill?
Bill?
From 32 to it, five.
What is it?
1232.
Jesus' things moving along fast.
1032 at 2 o'clock.
And ericious factors may.
Deutsche Bank, Alex Brown's Drew Marcus.
This is ICANNICAL.
Bring hand up and dry again.
This is ICANNICAL.
Bring hand up and dry again.
Hang up.
And then dry your operator.
This is ICANNICAL.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Handle label.
Yeah.
Why did they just pop down again by itself?
How do you like that?
Just interrupting me, baby, that was an act of God.
You think so?
interrupting me when I was about to read this.
Deutsche Bank, Alex Brown's Drew Marcus.
Today, initiated research coverage of Beethley Broadcast Group.
with a buy investment rating on the shares.
So for the second day in a row, we got guys saying buy, buy, buy, buy.
buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy, buy.
And it's already up to 12 and 3 quarters as of a few minutes ago.
And while on the way toward, he says at the end of 12 months, 19 bucks a share.
So I'd hang on to real tight.
Would not if I had anything.
No.
I hang out to a real tight and squeeze it.
Final tabulation on our Dan Marino poll, 708 votes, 368 said he should retire,
which is 51.9%.
I cannot believe that only slightly more than half of you believe he ought to retire.
And the rest are in denial, 36.2% or 257 said he should sign with the Vikings
and 83 or 11.7% say playing out here with the dolphins.
Out of our 708, a very in our poll question today.
Do you support affirmative action?
Yes or no?
Very simple.
Here's a call in high Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm sorry to tell you, but if you want to get affirmative action
up the Yang and Gorgia selected.
No, you're not.
And when Al Sharpen's part.
Sir, sir, let me say it again.
No, you're not.
No, you're not.
Affirmative action is on the way out.
It's almost entirely out anyway.
And we've had a Democrat president last eight years.
So you're barking up the wrong tree, sir.
And I hope you and the governor both have a wonderful time.
Gorgia W.
Have a rift's Norton.
Good time.
See how these people are so desperate trying to change the subject.
We're not talking about Al Gore or Gorgia W.
We're talking about affirmative action.
And why people like that hysterical first call?
I think we owe him a dinner or any other goddamn thing.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
Out of timelines open 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 D 5.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I mean, it's not how you know that they knew.
What is it?
I mean, it's not it.
It's not.
And.
Oh, D T A T E.
And.
Okay.
And I just call it.
I am an African-American and I disagree with affirmative action.
Uh-huh.
This is why I live in a country American that stands God on this planet against all civil rights
and values they go into countries and they help people, they say people.
I'm a Vietnam country for four years.
By the way, Neil, I've been on my job for 31 years.
And not all of my people are sitting around waiting for a hand out.
Not all of my people are angry and bitter.
Yeah.
Well, we're waiting to hear from someone who aren't angry and bitter between yesterday and the
first call today.
We're hearing a lot of angry bitter people looking for, uh, we owe them something.
Well, I don't really, well, I can't speak for those people, but I, I, I don't, I know for
the fact that not all of my people are looking for hand out.
Yeah.
I think it's a very sad commentary that we live in such a country that's supposed to be a
free country and we're supposed to be the beacons for.
So you just got to tell me that we're, uh, we're the beacon of civil rights all over the
world or some crap like that.
Exactly.
You just got to tell me that.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Why was there ever a need for affirmative action?
The affirmative action was created not for black people necessarily, but it was created.
It was, it was not all, it was also not created to give special privileges, but it was created to give privileges
because if you're removing Neil and you're all enough, you're on my agent, you can remember
a long time ago.
Uh, the opportunities that exist today that so many people like go by, but not accessible
uh, but they are today.
They are today.
And I'm a lot of affirmative action.
I think affirmative action is an indictment against America's supposedly policy to treat their
people fairly.
Yeah.
And that's all I'm going to be able to say.
Yes, damn, we don't should retire.
Oh, God bless you.
You're making some sense.
Thank you very much, mister.
Nottingham.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
This phone is really screwed up today.
I guess it's probably repelling against the fact that maybe today might be its last day, although I believe it when I see it.
Let's see how this thing is hanging out here.
That ain't doing too good on that one over there.
How about line eight, which is probably going to mind if it's on.
Uh, it's not the promised thing.
Everybody have to have a second and then all of a sudden it's not going to be out.
So we have some real problems on it.
Why is we'll have a good time with it today?
We're going to put the phone system because it's, uh,
it's going to be, uh,
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
I'm going to put it on.
Brotherhood.
Brotherhood.
Brotherhood.
Brotherhood.
Get the tickets for the flesh.
Get the tickets for the flesh.
Hacks up at.
Not much time.
You know friends.
You know friends.
Won't expect you to die.
You will expect you to die.
You might be willing to.
Yeah, it's the Ramsey's.
Thinkin' their favorite, each boy hits.
Now available from guilty pleasure record.
1045 at 560 WQM 5607 0560.
We got 600 open lines here at the moment.
So which might work on that would be sure.
5607 0560, POM 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm an angry black man and I have something to say.
I'm angry at the black people who continue
to live in the past and don't realize that this is the year 2000.
There's no need for affirmative action if you're the same or better than your peers.
All it takes is motivation.
People wake up.
Get off your action.
Quit looking for a free dinner.
Get off your ass.
And if the problem really lies, if we're talking about affirmative action, maybe at the
university level, if the problem lies, that...
I'm talking about any level.
Well, any level.
Look, if there are differences in the economic or social classes, if we're talking about
a university and the students trying to get in there and they can't, it's not because
they're black.
Let me say that.
Let me point out very quickly that there are a hell of a lot more poor white people in
America than there are poor black people.
I agree.
Not even a contest.
We don't have any quotas for poor white people in any college university, any school,
anywhere in America.
Look, if people are putting in the same amount of effort and are the same, they're going
to be judged that way.
I mean, we're not talking about slavery.
I hate it when people bring in slavery and all this other stuff.
Give me a break.
We owe this guy something.
We don't owe anybody anything.
Okay, that was...
All right, I think that's it.
...or at least they refuse to pay.
Okay, listen, have a great day, sir.
God bless you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
Huh?
They do... they owe everybody the beesleaves.
And that's why they got to have this big stock thing so they can pay off all their bills,
you know, so they can get out of the house.
Come on, pay off with it.
I will not give it to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, how about that $20, 300 bucks?
I will not give it to you.
What's his name?
For him.
Come on.
I will not give it to you.
Here's East Volker.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, pal?
Okay.
Listen, I call because I was motivated from your first caller who mentioned slavery and I
didn't ask to be brought here.
slavery and whips and chains and stuff like that and all of these things.
Well, the last time I checked and I was at the Antilles, the Netherlands Antilles Island
specifically, Bonair.
They gave a nice little tour and they said that the majority of the slaves that were brought
there which served sort of as a clearinghouse were captured by other Africans.
Right, that's correct.
Well, there you go.
Thank you.
I know you didn't ask to be brought here, but I didn't bring you here, pal.
And, um, no, it's about it.
Just remember that.
And let me say it again.
All of these other immigrant groups that I mentioned before, the Irish, the Italians,
the Polish, all of those people, the Jews, they came here long after all of this slavery
and people being brought in crates and all this other stuff.
I mean, how far back do we want to go for Kwanow love?
Correct, it specifically might, may I?
I mean, you don't see the Indians hearing out about this.
The Indians in me, time they were opening up casinos and poisoning the white man with the
cigarettes to get even with him.
You know, they're doing a smart way making a crap load of money.
Well, we're naming all of street satchels.
That's right.
And my grandparents and their parents, they came over from Sicily, certainly weren't captured
by other Italians, but they were broken.
What they do, they bought fishing boats and they made it living that way.
Right.
Nice, the fish were always there.
They sat down coley on the, came over here, went in the olive oil business, they were
there.
That's correct.
They couldn't refuse, and they went fishing and they made, they made a living.
Right.
Until Frito decided to go out fishing and he don't have to make a living.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
God bless us all.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
I sure wish they had the guy, they had the phone system in here because I'm not really
not in the mood for this with a blood sugar or 242 this morning.
That's really sky high.
You want to know why it's sky high?
Because we had a great meal at that joint last night, macaroni grill.
All nine of us.
It was great.
It was outstanding.
And nobody got up there and saying old man, remember old black magic or whatever it
all it was, old man offering.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we had to finally leave because George was drawn pornographic to give you crayons
at the table, which was fine for his daughter Sabrina who was drawn nice stuff with her
crayon, but George of course, being the pervert at the table decided to get up and start
drawing really grotesque pornographic stuff on the table.
So we had to get up and leave.
And I walked real fast.
So make sure we left him very far behind.
I don't know who that is.
I don't know that little spick.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, I try to put myself in the place of a black person.
And if I'm looking at African today, I would be so glad that my ancestors were brought
over here because over there, it's like a mud hole.
They're little more than animals living and slime over there.
Aren't they thrilled that they're...
Well, the guy that was doing all the screaming, he's never even been there.
So what's he talking about this?
I think it's the Alex Haley problem, all his African crayons.
But does don't...
There's very few people of any color in this country who have ever lived in Africa.
But don't they see the news and see what it's like over there?
If they're answers, just let's just have them brought over.
They see living over there and that's why.
If you have a child and you spoil your child and you make it into a spoiled little brat
and he keeps looking to have something every time he starts banging his spoon on the table,
this is what we've done in this country.
And the time has come to say, I guess what?
No more banging a spoon.
We're not listening anymore.
Get yourself a brain.
And I think Haley and she'd go back to the doll.
Okay.
And have a great day.
Haley on sign up.
New quarterback for the dolphins.
Dan Marina retired.
Haley on is going to line up.
Haley on Gonzalez shoots up for the dolphin.
And still couldn't do worse than that Jacksonville game.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Many open lines here today.
Now many of them don't work and some of them might and some of them don't don't blame
me.
Okay.
It's the beesleaves.
It's the beesleaves.
This phone system epitomizes the entire company.
Their entire mentality.
Their entire concept of broadcasting of cheat casting.
Whatever you need to do your job, we won't give it to you unless we can get it for free.
But if it costs any money, the answer is no.
We don't care if we raise $10 trillion with this stock offering.
How many suckers might be out there?
The answer is still absolutely no.
Here's Haleywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil.
Great.
This is another African American that is not angry.
And you don't want me to buy you dinner?
No, I don't want you to buy me dinner.
Yeah, I would, but I bought a whole bunch of people dinner last night and the times
are tough.
Oh, yeah.
Great.
I definitely disagree with any type of affirmative action.
Yeah.
I think when they made the march up to Tallahassee, basically what they were asking the governor
to tell the governor is that, look, if you give us an uneven playing field, or an even
playing field, we can't compete.
And I don't agree with that.
I think what basically the black community needs to do is like I did is you have to burn
in your brain that basically white America is no more intelligent than you are.
And I've proven it, you know, what might be better.
They don't believe that.
All they have to do is listen to the show every day.
Exactly.
And not only that, we need to travel.
And we need to look around into country, French.
There's places in this country where white America is living in more poverty than you
know, they know our blacks like you did earlier.
So that's one thing we need to do.
We need to look at that.
We need to support each other a little bit more.
Financially, a black has that thing, think has somewhere like a gross national product.
Like if we were to look at it as a country, it would be the fourth richest country in
the world.
We don't spend money within the community.
We spend it outside the community.
And we just need to open up a little bit more.
Play an example.
Okay.
Okay.
And the pre-forest.
All right.
Okay.
He's praying for us.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Our poll question on neo-rodgers.com.
Do you support affirmative action?
Yes or no.
You got it?
No.
Simple.
Everybody's got an opinion on that.
And we could have broken it down.
Are you Hispanic?
Are you female?
Are you human?
Do you have an IQ bigger than your penis?
Then your thumb size?
Then your testicle?
Whatever.
You don't need to do that.
Tour or against?
Yeah, your name.
Here's a mobile and fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I'd like to have the black community maybe put a little more energy.
All this energy they're putting into.
Yeah.
All these marches and stuff like you're saying,
Ford's education and positive thinking.
They forget about the Susan B.
Anthony's of this country and the Abraham Lincoln's.
Right.
Towards my knowledge, I think the King's over in Africa.
Sold them to the white man.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Is that true?
The Kings?
Whatever they were.
Was that Martin Luther?
Possibly.
There was their own people.
Their own people boxed them up and created them up and sent them over here.
Sold them.
Sir.
How did you say?
Okay, and have a great day.
Anybody know what he says?
No.
He's in Fort Myers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How about the Queens?
Maybe the Queens did it.
Yeah, let's blame them.
The Queens get blamed for everything anyway.
See, let me tell you again,
before you make up your mind on affirmative action for women,
for black people, for his spouse, for any other group.
Do ugly people get affirmative action?
No.
No.
And you're saying, oh, well, that's ridiculous.
It's not ridiculous.
I'll give you a classic example.
There is that Malcolm, I'm always talking about,
Chamar more on the young and the horny on that soap opera.
There is a light-complexed, real good-looking young black guy.
He has no problem getting hired.
He's a model.
He's an actor.
He's everywhere you look now.
And you want to know why?
Because he looks good.
That's why he might also have a little bit of talent, too.
Well, let's find out.
That's what I say.
Let's see if it stands up on end and screams and hollers.
And does stupid pet tricks.
That's what I say.
Let's see if it can be trained to respond on cue.
Oh, seriously, there's a classic example.
He looks damn good.
He got the job.
So he's black.
Nobody gives a crap.
All the other black people on those soap operas.
They happen to look good.
Some of them are not as light as he.
Some a little bit darker.
Some are like real, real dark.
I mean, real dark, just like OJ on a cover time magazine.
And he still got the job.
And by the way, then there's always that goddamn piece of crap.
A will Smith.
Who does he look good?
No.
Can he act?
No.
Is he funny?
No.
Can he sing for crap?
No.
So what are you complaining about?
There's a guy making millions of dollars.
He had, if you got a search party, you couldn't find any talent in his body.
If you looked in his...
Braco still couldn't find any.
And he's making millions.
So what the hell is that?
All this crap.
All this, oh, you would dinner.
I'll buy you a goddamn dinner.
I'll buy you some Schmittlands.
How's that?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
4 minutes before 11 o'clock in the queue.
WQCWM, I have a food party.
O'lestra, a man made fat.
O'lestra.
Approved by the FDA.
O'lestra.
Helps you stay thin.
O'lestra.
Me destroy your kidney.
O'lestra.
Kazas strain's tape.
O'lestra.
It's so good in greasy snacks.
O'lestra.
Causes abdominal cramps.
O'lestra.
Causes loose stool syndrome.
O'lestra.
Causes anal leakage.
It's interesting.
A new snack with O'lestra.
Diaryto.
C.C., diaryto.
Weep when off.
You can hardly taste the O'lestra.
I gotta go to the john.
Diaryto with real O'lestra.
You can't just eat one without the rugs.
It's 11 o'clock in the queue.
You can't wait for us to get out of here.
They can go back to their all sports format.
They're one and two shares here in midday.
Those people are so stupid.
They're not only some of the people that bought that bogus stock.
They're also people who don't realize that the reason they've got their job here.
And that this place is still above water and floating is because of this goddamn show.
The enabling show.
They should change the name of the show.
Not the new Roger show.
The enabling show.
The show that enables them to be little sports.
There's the other 20 hours a day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
As we continue looking for rational reasonable people who aren't looking for a goddamn handout or special treatment just because they happen to be short or ugly or disgusting or a little bit too dark.
Here's a mobile in four-letter.
Hello.
Mobile in four-letter.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yes.
Needle.
Yes.
Hello.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, the needle.
Yes.
Okay.
Look.
I'm going to get the affirmative action.
But it's been around way too long and then a pain in everybody's back.
Pain in everybody's ass.
That's right.
Let me give you the most ideal example.
You're, you know, you're connecting affirmative action with education, right?
Partly.
Yeah, that's one thing.
Yeah.
Okay.
The other day on the Queen's of Mind took her child out of school and took her to Tallahassee for that rally.
Yeah, that protest.
Oh, right.
Here you go.
This week.
The Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test for Children's That Child's Age.
Right.
And she missed it.
Uh-huh.
Nice.
So you see what's happening here.
This child.
In other words, it's more important to protest than take to them past the test.
That's right.
And now the child.
Past the mustard.
Yeah.
Please.
And that they didn't make any sense to me.
Now.
And I'm going to say it again.
Since I'm the only one in this town seems to be pissed off about it.
Those school teachers that took off and stranded all those kids the last few days, those people should be fired already right now.
Along with the guy with a bad hair.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The school system is already bad.
And when you take your child and take what little advantage they are getting out of it and take it away from where it can even evaluate them.
Right.
And go up there and whatever child that they had fun.
Right.
And that's something.
Go up and have a busman's holiday.
Yeah.
Okay.
The US basically all had a tight spot.
Yeah.
Would you play Redneck for me?
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Redneck.
Redneck.
Will Ben says, is that what you're talking about?
I don't know.
Well, we'll figure it out.
Or we're just to put a redneck on the air.
We'll probably get one pretty soon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Halondale again.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I'm sitting here watching my TV.
And I want to ask you a question.
What does that mean?
You're sitting there watching your TV.
Well, I was watching it.
Well, what I want to ask you is why is Bill Clinton's big friend, the Reverend Jesse Jackson
lead in this march up here for a firm in a faction?
Bill Clinton's good friend.
He's everybody's good friend.
No, he's Bill Clinton's real friend.
And he's everybody's good friend.
Another democratic hypocrite.
Yeah.
How's the most abused woman doing up there in the Senate race, Hillary?
Oh, brother.
There he got.
There's another good George W. Guy.
I'm glad we got him and the other one on today.
That's some mentality you're dealing with.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe you can call up Bob Jones and he'll tell you how they're all doing.
The dress Bob Jones is the third.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
First of all, let me say I can't believe that Governor Jeb has done something that I agree with.
Yeah.
I agree with him either.
But, uh, it looks like he's done it.
I won, Ergianne.
Yeah.
I want to pack your sandwich on the way out.
I want to address this to all your listeners who could possibly be in favor of formative action.
Both of them, yeah.
He exactly.
But hopefully they'll tell a friend.
I don't know.
But to me, the people that are in favor of it are simply admitting to themselves in the entire world
that they're physically, emotionally, and intellectually inferior.
They can't compete.
That's it.
That's what they're saying.
Anyone, in my opinion, anyone that stands up for that is telling anyone that hears them that they are inferior, they are unable to compete, they will lose and a fair fight.
Right.
And, you know, I just can't see how a person could admit that to the world.
Secondly, the playing field, in my opinion, is at worst even.
And if anything, it's probably slightly tilted in their favor.
So if they will just simply apply themselves, they will succeed.
And that's all I can say.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you so much.
5-670.
And, by the way, speaking of that, speaking of competing, you see the thing with Muhammad Ali's daughter, boxing.
I don't know what made me more nauseous.
The school bus drivers who took off and went to Tennessee and stranded the kid or seeing that on my TV last night.
You see that old bag in the red outfit that she was fighting?
Look like grandma Moses on a bad day.
No, I didn't.
She's been doing this for a while though.
The boxing.
Pathetic.
Just prosthetic.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Women boxing.
It's been going on for a while.
Pathetic.
Tragedy.
Why should the guys get all the money?
Couldn't she go into something dignified like roller derby?
Man, that was just sad.
Yeah, she and she's knocking down this.
And I don't even know if she was knocking her down.
I mean, it didn't look like Pami.
She was coming within 10 feet of this old bitch and she kept falling down.
This old bag.
Maybe she had a back.
I can't say enough.
I can't get up.
Boy, what a crazy house this place is, man.
Out of town, I was open 877-785-6345.
Here's the Mubulin Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
I'm a victim of a firmament of action myself.
I'm a 32-year-old white male.
I applied for a job with a major corporation down here and sent in my resume.
They called me in for an interview.
On the day I went in for the interview, there was myself and four other people sitting in the lobby.
Two of whom were of a black race and two of whom were white.
And as I went in and interviewed, the guy told me straight to my face.
He says, I would love to hire you, but I really can't at this time because we have a certain amount of people that we have to hire from different grades.
Now, you tell me anybody who's in favor of pro or pro affirmative action, why is it that my kids don't get to have food on the table because I'm not black?
I don't understand it.
I don't think it's fair and I think that anybody who's in favor of affirmative action is just like the other caller said, admitting how in here they really are.
I say that everybody ought to take a white person out to dinner tonight.
How's that?
Great.
Start evening at the playing field.
Have a good luck, pal.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Good.
One, two, three.
The Indian children are in the air for black men in the past.
Now the time is just a few to four minutes.
Sitting on the front porch, hair down my back.
Fourteen shivis, not all in the jet.
I'll drink that beer, never get full.
All day long, I've attracted full plans all home.
Everything's about to Saturday, time's when I'm married, my sister.
It wants to have the wedding at the bone farm, baby.
Got drunk last night, almost half.
I'd hard night only, my double wife.
The names of my belt and a John Deere at 16 dogs and 13 kids.
Going to the main, and getting sunbaths.
I don't think I'll be able to show the bone to the crow.
I'm 22, 24, and I'm 40, 9, in like the throat.
And I look on the hotwood title.
I tailgate, and I'm being forward to read them signs, baby, of course.
I hate them signs that make me nervous.
No shoes, no shirt, no room service.
I love my idols, I hate children, Richard, Penny, and Big.
All cold, the sticker on the bumper is a liberal.
And I hate to be confused here far, pretty old, but there.
Oh, right, I'm sure that's not the one I got one of here, but I'll just play all the ones that I've read in the title.
Because it's a good day for red next.
How about affirmative action for red next?
What do you say?
Yahoo, who's over there at Fort Myers?
Naples like the beesleaf, Fort Charlotte?
What do you say?
Affirmative action for red next?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T wireless lens.
I mean, just if you think there's any argument about this, just stop and think of what I said before.
Affirmative action for ugly people.
Ugly people can change the way they look.
They can't go and get born all over again.
They can get born again, but not born all over again.
And they're stuck with that.
And I have to do the best they can.
And take a look at a lot of us ugly people.
Our good some of us are doing.
Oh, in fact, I would say most ugly people I know are doing pretty damn good.
In spite of all these things that we have to overcome, it's spite of this building prejudice that says somehow that good looking beautiful people with great bodies are somehow more desirable.
Which I would agree with that, but nevertheless.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
How you got your wish?
You got to red in that call.
All right.
You've really, really, is it Richard Steinback, the guy that writes in the hair over?
Yes, I am.
Did you see that article a couple of weeks ago about that representative Bush?
No.
This guy is a representative about Opalaka.
He's not even qualified.
It doesn't have the degrees, but he's been a counselor for six or seven years now.
Being paid by your friend, Superintendent Frond.
Uh-huh, Frond.
Yeah, right.
Close to $300,000.
Oh, yeah.
I did see that.
I did read that.
I mean, did you get it?
I'm believeable.
Yeah. What the hell was that all about?
I mean, you know, I read that article I said.
I mean, this is...
I heard a guy who, by all accounts, is totally absolutely 100% unqualified.
He's a gym teacher, right?
I mean, you know, this is ridiculous.
I mean, I can't wait to get out of here.
I mean, I mean, you know, for somebody and nobody says a word, there was no comment.
I mean, would they try to get in touch with Mr. Frond?
Yeah.
And no comment.
I mean, if you get into Weeb, I think.
Well, hey, Nate's one.
He's Weeb in it.
I mean, but again, could you believe that article?
No, that was just...
Well, yeah, being here, I could believe it.
Well, it's good news to it.
All right. Well, you got to read that call.
All right. See on the truck.
All right, buddy.
All right.
See on the truck as we get the high tailer out of town.
5, 6, 7, et cetera.
And the proof and the pudding is that the people don't care, just like I said,
the thing about the school teachers go off the tele-anxi.
And I mean, the school...
I keep saying teachers.
School bus drivers.
And nobody gave a crap.
There was no big human cry about that.
Had a search in the hero to find that one, the articles in the back.
It happened again yesterday.
And see anything about that.
Because the media are scared.
Schmittless here.
They don't want to be perceived as being bigoted or whatever.
Or honest, too honest.
Because honesty is a bad policy.
You might piss somebody off.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
And then you know something?
I don't know why I'm surprised.
Because if the parents were so concerned, those people wouldn't be driving on the truck.
And the school bus is in the first place.
They'd be down knocking the doors down at the school board meeting saying,
how the hell dare you jeopardize my kid's safety by putting these goofballs in there
and pretending their bus drivers couldn't drive their finger up their ass.
But you just don't care.
And you know, you can leave the horse to water, but you can't make him pee on demand all the time.
So that's the best I can do for you.
You just lay it out there and if you care fine, if not...
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the old AT&T wireless line.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey listen, I'm fat and I'm really not that good looking.
See, I'm wondering how all these good looking people, you know,
they're getting all the action and all the stuff that I'm not getting.
I want to tell you right now.
I'm fat.
I'm ugly.
I'm getting pretty old.
I'm a fag.
I'm a Jew.
I'm getting pretty bald.
Hey everybody's got something wrong.
And I got all of those, all of the above, which is a long list.
And you're doing pretty good.
And look at how good I'm doing.
I'm taking a whole pile of crap to the back here.
I'm not doing too bad myself.
Thank you very much.
There you go.
All right.
Thank God bless us.
Great day man.
Thank you and you too.
Are we complaining?
No.
I'm complaining.
I work for a bunch of assholes that won't give me the equipment to work with like this guy, the iPhone, at the piece of Schmidt.
Who could I make a phone?
Please, I'm not going to buy a game.
All right.
I love when she does that on cue.
That was beautiful.
And then there's always line eight.
Who do we appreciate?
Then in the beginning for about a half a second, it sounds like, well, just maybe that thing got straight out.
Does it sound straight out to you?
No, it doesn't.
Wow.
Don't get certainly about it now over there at Bellsoft because we know you're screwing with our phone line.
And if this company had any balls, they would have sued you ask a long time ago.
56670560.
We got 600 open lines and all of a sudden, and about three of them work.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T line.
And the out of town line is 8777856345.
That's 8775E dinner tonight, please.
On a dessert there at the macaroni grill, that's to the best.
That is the best.
Now, what did you have?
You had the same thing I did.
Oh, that's what it was.
That's what it taught me over the age.
I can't do.
I'm diabetic.
I'm fat.
I've been doing pretty good last couple of months, but boy, that's just, that's just set me my ass on fire.
Big piece of like square, like it, and all of a sudden, I had your own chocolate cake with chocolate sauce on it,
surrounded by a whipped cream and marshmallow and just drizzling with that chocolate sauce.
Oh, God, was that good.
And it's enough.
I would say easily for two or maybe for three people.
And you just, once you start, you can't stop eating it.
That's what I told JP.
And he moved right down the way.
So here I'm sitting with my blood sugar just soaring through the roof of the goddamn screw up a messed up piece of crap phone system again.
We'll do the best we can.
It's all we can do, boys and girls just do the best we can in our humble abode here, a little weak pathetic surrounding because I'm sure that when they get all this money from this big stock offering, they're going to come in here and really do the thing.
Aren't they?
No, no, they wouldn't give you.
They wouldn't give you the sweat off their ass, these people, these cheap pricks over their enables.
And if you think that I'm going to tell me up about your bogus stock and it's a whole deal here is the answer is no, absolutely not.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line, the tool free line for the entire universe 877 7 8 5 63 45.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
My God.
First off, there's a couple of gun huggers out on Hollywood Boulevard, the radar gun huggers rather.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go. Right when you get off 75 John and Pond are standing right there.
And I tried to get you.
There we go. The bus driver scenario unacceptable.
They should have got the talent has you being dragged behind those goddamn buses.
Okay, well, thanks for your enlighten comment.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line, 8.
I got the 1600 open lines here as in 1600 pencil, many avid who you know your buddy Bill Clinton there and his good buddy, Jason Jackson.
I love people like that and you know why they're getting desperate now because they know they haven't got a trineman's chance.
None zero towards W could have went a fixed election now.
You'll see sweet hearts. You'll see coming November.
So better get used to that big cigar store Indian looking guy big Al Gore big Al.
Here's North Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I can't believe I'm talking. Here you are.
15 years have been listening. Never called you.
All right. Hey, what kind of moron drives the bus for a living?
Think it's on a bus. Drive 14 hours round trips without a hat.
Yeah.
And run with Jesse Jack.
What is it?
And hang out with Jesse Jackson.
I wouldn't I wouldn't drive 14 seconds.
If it was that.
You know what?
You're seen with him in public.
The only people in here.
You call me one time years ago on the year and I hung up on him.
Jesse Jackson.
Yes, you did. I'm W. Just news many years ago.
I miss that one.
I was that's one of the great proud moments of my life hanging up on that piece of craft.
Good for you.
Too bad. I'll sharpened him. Call you.
That's next week.
He's been trying to call you. Just can't get through on his phone system.
I'm telling you. It's not easy.
But anyhow.
Yeah.
The only people getting discriminated against in this country because of the color of their skin.
Young white men.
Yeah.
And that's.
That's unacceptable.
They're tired of it.
I'm tired of it.
And that's why a lot of these people are like peeing in their pants because they realize that they hand out it all stops now.
All the behaviors is.
People up there and it's embarrassing.
All the coddling.
All that crap.
It's embarrassing.
You're all standing behind Jesse Jackson like he's a leader.
Compared to Martin Luther King who was a leader.
He would be embarrassed by what's going on.
Well, he was on the balcony anyway.
Well, anyhow, that's all he had just.
Okay. And have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What about that line nine? Is that thing working? I'm seeing that thing is awfully deadly here.
Pumpies don't give a crap about this. Over there in Fort Myers. We had that one, a bow, a call. I have no idea what that guy was saying.
Something like blue, blue, and red like that. That's okay. Play hard to get. Don't make any difference to me. Just play hard.
Let's see. Bob Jones will now now allow interracial dating with parents. What are we? Yeah, we are. Yeah, with parents.
No, with a note from the parents. Or maybe you can just end the date. Your interracial parents.
What is this ridiculous crap I'm getting here on this fax machine? Good God almighty. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got hang from the 100 golf classic coming up this afternoon. We got her a cool hotline at 6, her a cool basketball from the biggest terminal at 635.
Any K runs with GA after the her cool game. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes, I am. This is my first time calling. I listen to you all the time.
I think you're out standing in the end of this. Yes, I am. I'm a great human being. Hey, I had to call because the guy the first call you got.
Tick me off. Yeah, you know, it really does. I mean, we don't. He was a pretty guy. I was a person screaming and hysterical. I'm still not going to buy him dinner. I never mean what it is in this world. We got a lot of ignorance.
A lot of ignorant people. Yes. And that guy's. He knows himself. He needs to go out there and get and deserve. You know.
Get what he deserves. You know, just like we all do. I work two freaking jobs. Right. And, and you know, there's so much racism.
Because people like him. Bring it on themselves. Yeah, he was obnoxious. He was very ignorant. I mean, he is very ignorant.
That's what I think. But, you know, everybody's got their opinion. Yeah, you've got okay. I'm a great day. Thanks.
Yeah, I question it. Come down. Well, I tell you this much music gets for me. It's sure a lot more uplifting and watching it. God damn stock market. Oh, God. I just stick here watching.
I want to bang you in the butt.
I'm not.
I'm not only on the worries.
My head has to took me with her back to her double wide.
My face is all dirty.
Not a deal ain't got no wills. And inside collapsed up and died.
She kids my cheek and wigs her eyes and we're all alone in the house.
But I got dead. W like to get.
Going till back. Oh, in her mouth. O anybody.
Redneck sure love and says
It's like to say to good unless its family
Because all was redneck's practice itself
So come meet my new wife, she's my niece
I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs
A four by four that I adore with tires that are too damn big
The rare window it has with gun rats, that's where I keep my guns
Red will flag him the wife of the fat one
My neck is red for two months son
All was redneck sure love and says
Because sex just ain't as good unless its family
Because all was redneck's practice itself
A sister is the one over there, the dirty need
Every human is hard to choose
Who got the nicest to
Don't like the way my daddy is watching me
Yeehaw I was just waiting for that I love that Yeehaw junction
It's 1134-560 WQIN
Here's a fact from Katharine who says
The main active call yesterday about more than 100% of Jewish kids going to Jewish schools
She said he did have one good point, the kids of Edison are getting the same education as kids in better neighborhoods
As a white kid who was bus to Miami Edison senior high
And we weren't taking a side and giving better classes or better books
I had that same secondary education to black kids
Where's the government imposed quoted to make that up to me?
Good point Katharine, do we have a quoted to make it up to her?
No, no, you're just a white of you lose
And how come the Jeffs didn't we drop the bomb on WWII on Pearl Harbor?
Uh-huh
And Nagasaki, I mean, I mean, I don't know what I was
They dropped the bomb on Pearl Harbor, Pearl, whatever it was
See, that's what happened when you start talking too fast
Do these people know any difference?
No, no
Didn't we drop the guy, they bomb on Nagasaki and Hiroshima and the Jeffs
And how come they're not screaming when they come over here?
Then we owe them something
They're too busy buying everything up to be bit
Although at least we took care of the ones that we sent off for the camp
Oh, we took care of them?
Yes, we did
What do we do for that?
We gave them a couple of bucks
Okay, who yen?
What's the Japanese money?
Yes, like I said
But at any rate, are they running around screaming?
No, as a matter of fact, the Japanese people
Just like the other Asian people who come over here
Most of them highly educated
Have a very good work ethic
And they're not running around looking for God in handouts
And screaming to the old about how we dropped the bomb on
And that's why they got the one eye at the top of their forehead
So stop and think about that for a second
About all the other people
And stop making all these goddamn excuses
For looking for handouts and excuses for being lazy and shapeless
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 6 8 6 8 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile and Palm V chill out
Neil
Yes, sir
Hi, first of all let me tell you about your phone system
As you know, I was dialing and dialing your rings
And then it goes to busy and then it kicks you off
Just thought of let you know
uh...
as far as the uh... they have something this this company there's somebody in
this place ought to be uh... just tied up in the throne in the middle of the
road somewhere
this is just such an unbelievable place for all this money that they're raising
with all these million all the way they run around acting like big shots
and the meantime they won't let the goddamn figure to anything for us in here
it's pathetic it's criminal it is absolutely criminal
well we feel for you
all of a
school bus drivers i'd rather talk all day
on the road and i watched the school bus drivers in the mornings in the
afternoon
and i'll tell you i have two children at an elementary school in broward
county
and my wife and i go out of our way no matter what day no matter what time one
of us takes them to school and one of them picks them up
because we will not put our kids on a school bus
driven by these people
and i i i you know i thought the friends and a lot of people who are
educated will do the same thing
no matter what the schedule is they'll take care of their kids they love their
children they don't want to take a chance on reading about something about their
kids in the newspaper
and i remember as a kid
growing up
it doesn't seem to me that we've had
young
young adults driving the buses and i say young adults
i remember as a kid the school bus drivers will start you know in the thirty
the
and i guess they got paid enough to make a living to go they weren't just
putting the job hey i'm the job
and that's all i wanted to say okay good luck pal thanks thanks we need it
this phone i'm about ready to rely doesn't this thing have like the other one
there
let's see uh... oh yeah i can disconnect that i think what i'm going to do
during the break i'm just going to disconnect that whole phone i've
getting her thing i'm just going to heave it through the wall
i think i'm just about ready to do that because i i realized that the other
thing is on the floor and any day now they're going to get the other part
and the yada yada yada yeah just like they're going to fix this other phone
over here on the inside that don't work
but i mean you you finally reach a point and you say this is not acceptable
okay you're not doing it baby and if i had a real lawyer instead of
somebody that's running around with his bag at magazine if i had a real
lawyer we just sued their ass a long time ago already i'd have that god damn
fifty million dollars and be living the life of Riley somewhere instead of
sitting here to have to go through this experiment every day
even Alexander Graham Schwartz never went through something like this
like this
yeah and then by the operator or maybe or like this
yeah like that you can't complain about the technology and
beastly broadcasting because quite frankly there isn't any at least not in this
studio can't get it done
oh yeah but gee it's only two and a half years later and it's here and we're
working on it and i got my thumb up my ass
see if i had all that stock like he's got that's worth like six million
dollars purportedly i'd be walking around making excuses for those
partners and crime of his too if i had an IQ and a minus column and i had
all those millions of dollars worth of stock
i'd be running around saying oh yeah well the moon and the sun and the stars
and but it'd be but it will be uh and by the way pay what's his name
that twenty three hundred bucks you cheap bastards you you grave robbers
i mean it's one thing to be selfish and greedy but these people this
company has taken it to a new level to an entirely different level
oh yeah all new people will give it the honor of buying our stock at full price
so we can boost the value up there for our own fun and profit so we can
squeeze back some of the money out of the paupery bucks that we're paying these
poor bastards around this place and by the way anybody want to buy a t-shirt
for fifty bucks no twenty before noon at five sixty
you're listening to real sports radio
sports radio five sixty q-a-m at the front now and welcome to
redneck theater a collection of fine literary works has performed by that
societal element most likely to consume launch quantities of ethanol
containing the sister's wedding which incidentally happens to be
their wedding as well today's presentation is the
charger tail that is Richard the sonnet now is the winner
our nation can tie a late glorious summer
bummer by the sun of your and all the clouds of the dirt upon our house
in the date was the mother ocean bears
in the office join us next time for another most
edition of redneck theater all right all right next all the time you'll be
astonished you'll be shocked this will knock your socks right off we just got
the first the results on our poll today from the Eric
and more than a hundred percent of you are opposed to affirmative action
that's what he said we got 128 votes 119 are saying
no and only nine are saying yes
last time i checked that's 172 percent ain't it something like that uh
400 percent are against the affirmative action how do you like that
that's our poll question on the arrangers dot com today we want to get a
thousand votes by tomorrow so we get a good accurate sampling out there
are you affirmative action are you for it do you support it do you be
wanting it yes or no yay or nay so far 600 percent are saying
no kiss it goodbye here's a mobile and gains
hello hey don't come here with john gains will how are you okay john
i um actually i'm headed down your way i just uh
bought gas on the turnpike a book 74 gallon for 87 octane
wow yeah just got you you know like i said trying to bomb the Arabs man
it's long past due no on affirmative action and i just wanted you know
how glad i am to hear your voice i was down the second week of
january and i heard of all people on the radio
sure i don't like god i'm gonna blow my brains out yeah
he's got the hey George you can answer the phone for a Cuban but man on the
radio you are terminal yeah it was absolutely very sure
it was the worst okay dude you know i appreciate a hand closing yeah
Alan Parsons for president okay it's a project
what's the number he's done like your show that's where it goes okay i mean you
like him you don't like him that's just the way it is okay it's a little
speak who's uh got his thing what's that out of town number 8777 8 5
63 45 8777 8 5 oh by the way not for on the year but for off the oba i guess
you already know all the inside tickets there with uh jenina
don't you George what is it i can't say it on the year
you know joe joe joe's girlfriend our lovely good friend jenina
yes what you must since you and jogo and the she and the crystal and the whole
whole bunch you go to the swing club together it probably is nothing about
her that you don't already know but i'll find out during the break
okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in Miami hello how you doing sir
pretty good i've been listening to some thousand diapers first time i've had
the opportunity to share this crappy phone system all right um
listen uh let me ask you question is there any kind of quotas on black owned
businesses and how many whites they need to hire because no absolutely not of course not
i've got a lot more than like on a cubanone business how many uh angles they have to be hard
no okay i was just curious about that that's why it's called reverse discrimination
right and you know it's funny because i think the the blacks are much more discriminating than
we are i mean you get you can you can have a black guy walk through a white neighborhood and
you know nobody pay any mind to him now you try getting a white guy walking through a black
neighborhood you'd be lucky to make it out of there now i'm gonna say that again a black guy could
walk through a white neighborhood and nobody would pay any attention to him i'm saying you know
maybe you got to be kidding man especially if he's like real real dark and looks like a dangerous
and big and not just the regular you know just the black man imposing looking like oh j
has a machete in his hand well that's a little different a little bit there the horse of a
different color right right i got your guarantee you want to give me walking to a neighborhood you'll
uh sit up and take notice trust me when i tell you why do you need the pleasure and have a great day pal
5 6 7 0 5 60 what about you George big black guy walks through your neighborhood and kind of like
pacing back and forth and from the sidewalk right in front of your house i keep an eye on him
exactly that's what calumbo said 5 6 7 0 5 60 this line eight and line four things get to be really
pondress you know is she gonna speak to me or what
do you think i'm not gonna go to make a call and then do talk
i don't think so or for a real radio station if you'd like to make a call because you're inside
phone that one don't work either so if i did want to make a call i couldn't do that
oh no what just happened there what was that what the what was it did you see that you weren't
touching the phone either and line four just had the something there is somebody i want to
announce it right now okay beyond the shadow of a doubt or maybe they picked it up in there
you think that could be it that wouldn't make it light up in here somebody is dicking with
our phone system now i realize you're dumb Greg i realize you're a little bit slow that nature didn't
you know give you all the uh oh man talk about a few brick short he's like an apartment building short
but i don't care how stupid you are the fact is that bell south is an impediment to our existence
here they should have been sued a long time ago or replaced or both of the above
because bell south i want to go right on record today saying bell south appears to be incapable
of providing us with phone service that works on his radio program in capable or refuses to
or both of the above again because i'm seeing things here with my naked eye today that quite frankly
make me raise all three eyebrows way up in the air and say what the hell is this all about
okay but oh we don't want to do that because you know that might cost us some money now let's go
sue laugh and like they did that was really productive a state a station that doesn't even exist
they never had one diary in the ratings in six months yet that nobody listens to accept the sports
nerds the lifeless assholes around here who are busy but placing bets with bookies all day
oh i heard that on hankshow yesterday i wanted to vomit you're good friend uh stew gots in there
and that whole bunch they're like hank juniors i mean see hank can do it because he makes a lot of
money and that's his business what he does with his money and the same with any k-rams with g.a
they're like adults they want to be compulsive gamblers more power to him that's their business
but all these little quizzlings around here oh i took the ovars and i got the uh the under is an
yeah you got the under padaloon is what you got stew got that's what you got squat
what's that out of town number eight seven seven eight five sixty three forty five oh we just can't
wait till we get Chris Moore and boog back on in midday so we can be all sports again so we can get
all the press conference design yeah and then like three months after that when the station is playing
hankurian raps of these what are you going to then sweetheart here's a mobile in Miami hello
hello yes sir um i just want to talk a little bit about the firm of action
i am a employee of state university system of florida yeah so it works several years
and it mentions a now a hiring agent for state agency and it seems that both blacks and
white have a completely wrong idea about what firm of action really is okay well straighten us on
the firm of action to suppose to work in tandem with equal opportunity and all the firm of action
is supposed to do is uh take uh direct action to make sure that all groups male females black
wife's spanics asian whatever uh have an opportunity to get jobs or placement into universities or
what have you it's not supposed to be a quarter system there's a lot of black thing it's not
supposed to be reverse discrimination has a lot of life thing it's supposed to mean that for
instance when we do hiring at the university um if we get a hiring pool and we have too many
blacks and if it happens several times too many blacks in that the pool we have to take a
couple of blacks in a pool of white people jump right out well every time every time but i've seen
it what we're supposed to do is to make sure that that pool is representative of the community
i in which the state agency is located so we have too many blacks too many women yeah
spanics to any wife we're supposed to go back out into the pool and make sure that other
group are standing up to snuff yeah right that it's up to snuff and then once that even now give all
those people the same opportunity to get jobs a lot of people even hiring agents and managers
misconstructed the mean that we have to have so many women we have to have so many wife
and i think it's the bastardization of this idea that gets people so well that i think the
students at the university get been out of shape because they think somehow they're they're
going to lose opportunity university if you belong there you belong there all they're saying is
if there's a job opening then you need to put it in the miniherald you need to put it in the minihimes
you need to put it in the elbow-wavel-herald that way you know that the three largest communities in
soft florida for instance have an off equal opportunity to uh know that a job is available yeah and
that's all affirmative action is it's not a quota system and in your form of comment about
reparations or affirmative action is actually reparations and and you're right jacenese
americans have come here and have not asked the reparation how but the united states has given
reparations uh to uh japan-americans who were in internment camps yeah i i said that that's what i
said right but i was sorry but those weren't the people that were living in japan when they were
dropping the bombs on herosha monogar soci absolutely not for what they did there were parents and
grandparents and whatever maybe to some of them that's not the same thing right and any more
than the jews who survived the holocaust were given reparations for uh you know for for what
they suffered and what their answer that's got nothing to do with a jewish american what has that
got to do with it that's absolutely right right but i just wanted to clarify that that uh
well that you clarified it we're still against it how do you like that well they bet that's that
what you're saying is theory that's in theory and i think and i think that's the problem the problem
is even the people who are just like all of the eo bull crap that we got in this business and
everybody's alia hiring in america it's got to go no more no more eo what do you suggest is
alternatives though because when we leave apparently when we leave people to their own devices they
fall back on and it's the same goes for blacks or whites or transplants people fall back on what
i'm going to hire who they're going to hire let me ask you this and they in the in the date county
yes the businesses are owned by hispanics how many anglos did they hire in those businesses
um not many right they so based on based on the you think that there ought to be some kind of a
law to force them to hire anglos if they don't want to in a private company or or a private
in private company they should not they should not force people to hire people they don't want to
hire by at the same time we need we need to have laws enacted so that people do that actively
discriminate against but there's there's a difference between that the difference is and what
about and what about ugly people how do we protect them and make sure they get a job
taken ugly people well we can don't you don't you admit that better looking people get jobs
more often than ugly people oh that's true i'm currently working on my doctorate and
part of that is talking about the reception of people yeah uh and yeah good please please
please get better something for us ugly people okay pal we will okay thanks five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t what what's wrong with you eo ugly employment
opportunities that's what i say you eo five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eight t and t line pick it up and pound it something might happen out of town lines open eight seven
seven seven eight five sixty three forty five but Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixty
q a and
uh
look at all the red dick girls cut off certain herring girls go into the bar to different drinks
getting beat by red neckslop like what you see each night on top there what puts the
c** in good to read
look at all the red neckslops equal up to feet or huts if their greenside wonder while
my shore
they smell like an old with dogs their affects rolls stop thalarm from the
cylinder or tube anxious
somebody tell me why i'll grab a heart cell
hippo first tomato soup from hell
nipple breaks and village has been velvet Jesus welcome answer brother please some
and show in a tree. Take pride in her heritage, you'll see as
you test to fill the best foundation of a Christian family.
Born again, it raised the Lord, and banked their savers when
they're for war. What would Jerry's finger do without those
next minute?
Couple two and five sixty W. M. Boat. I tell you that Jason
sure has ballooned up. No wonder he don't show his
pussy in here very much anymore. Boy, do you see how fat
he's gotten? Man, he must be pushing two sixty two
seventy, which is saying? Uh huh. Yeah, at least five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
Also, I forgot to tell you about my good friend Janino
during the break. Well, next break. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to mention why black discrimination is
larger than white discrimination. Is what? On black
discrimination, it's done much larger than when white
discrimination. It's bigger? That's the stereotype, yeah, it's
bigger. Well, they when they decide that you're
discriminating against them, those boycott you. The boycott
the whole state of, well, it's definitely something. Yeah.
And they stick together in the old boycott you and and no
mention of discrimination against white people and and it's
terrible and the formative action. It'll like it is because
they believe that only black people could go to college. Only
people could run and jump. Okay, well, you better start
running right now, pal, because I think we got your number.
15,000 open lines here. Another one of these psychotic days.
And of course, I'm sitting here, I don't know, is it the phone? Is it
us? Is it this audience? You never know. See, if we ever had a
phone system here, we're then we could kind of like gauge
what's really going on out there. But can we gauge it? No, no, we
can't even get our thumb on it. 128 votes. So far, our
pulled the question that this is a little bit behind the
time. Our affirmative action, do you support it? Yes or no?
128 votes, 118 say no and only 10 say yes. How do you like
that? That's way over 100%. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the
AT&T line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it
going, man? Okay. The poll question is my answer is yes. Yeah.
Your poll question other day. I'm not going to chance to
listen to you much. I'm here at work. Now, what what's going
on on the phone line? There's that on your endermine? Yeah, I
guess there's our mind's been doing that on several calls.
That work actually. Yeah. Yeah. You got a crappy one at work
so I. Well, that's great. Good. Max.
But what I want to ask you about is and I don't get a chance to
listen to that more. See, did you have any comments?
Why are you whispering? I'm losing your service. Begin
of that thing. Can you hear me? Yeah. All right. No, just
have did you get a chance to see the mix early interview? Yeah, I
saw about two minutes of it. I don't want to see him what he
has to say. He's looking for apologies. I'm not interested.
And those inexcusable. Those were my thoughts on it. And I
don't think you probably talked about already. I'm going to
get a chance to hear you. I'm just looking for some feedback on
that. There's nothing to feedback except kick his ass out. And
then when he comes to Gary Betman and says, okay, let me back
in next year if he's that stupid. The answer is no. Goodbye,
you're done forever. Goodbye. Get out of here. You think, but
there'll be some of them. I'll take them back. Don't you think?
No, not if the league says he can't play anymore. Last
true. That's what they got to say is they got to put their
foot down. That was a see, I disagree with this criminal
thing with a city of Vancouver because unfortunately, this is
a part of the deal. You know, this is inherent violence in hockey.
They permit it. But as far as the league is concerned, they
did the right thing so far. Now they got to go the final step and
make sure he doesn't come back in the Vancouver like more
conservative than like the state in that. No, not at all. Quite
quite to the contrary. Really? Wow. So he'll probably walk
there just doing this trying to be cute or something. I don't
know, but I don't think that the law enforcement has any
business. I mean, how about if a boxer kills another boxer in a
guy dies? Did they file murder charges? Happens every day.
Well, there you go. You're right. Okay, pal. Have a great
thing. John McCain, by the way, I'm damn it. I didn't get
on there fast enough. He's probably still on CNN. Suspending
his campaign, John McCain.
Annabelle, John, as I get to handle, I helped my friend. Yeah.
What is good for my country is good for my party. Should
our party, the bloodthirsty Gorsard, that we're in this
principle, the hell out of it. The American people will
rightly abandon us. Just as McCain, we will certainly
go into the business of history, what does that mean?
Deserving the need to spend of not he's wearing Larry King's
borrowed suspenders. So I will take our crusade back to the
United States Senate. Yeah. And I will keep fighting to save
the government to give the government back to the people.
Yeah, to keep our promises. What do you know? Why? Why does
they say he's quitting his race? Why does it say there? And
reforming a tax code? You're right. Yeah. That's the
powerful fear that their 17 years, the explain is right
when votes of many. And with your help, my fellow Americans,
we will keep trying to force open doors, where there are walls
to your full participation in the great enterprises of our
democracy. Do they walls of cynicism or intolerance? Or
walls raised by self-interested elite? Of course, those bombs
will be a well-known hope for your voice. Open up the doors
and those important councils of our government doors fly open
to win this fly open. I want to take a final moment to
speak to all those who joined our party to support our
campaign. Many of whom voted in this election for the
first time. Okay. Have a great life, John. There goes John
McCain. He's out. Bradley and the McCain are both out at
score and Bush pushing. Go that's what you got. You like the
choice? No. Too bad. That's what you got. He used the big gangly
Al Gore there who has a mean handshake. Yeah, he's got that.
That was great. That the bitch up there in Durham, North Carolina.
Yesterday, that was dynamic, sensational. From the national
review about how he allegedly met this black guy and shook his
hands so hard that he crushed the bones in his hand. He crushed
his bone, something like that. Here's Weston. Hello.
Hey, Neil, when is Nike going to change their ad campaign from just do
it to just give it to me? Uh-huh. If their stock keeps going
down, move the high. He exactly. But these people, all they do
is they buy the Nike. You stay above this thing because they just do
it and they don't want to do it. Just do it. If you better go next
time, you get to the top. There you go. Just do it. Get off your ass and
do it. Excellent. There you there's our slogan for the day.
Just do it. That's an anti-Ragan. Just say, just do it.
Oh, god, damn it. Quit belly. I can't first guy. Boy, he really
frosted my fat ass. My fat ugly ass. Where's my ugly fat ass?
Something like that. Buy me a dinner. I'll buy a god damn dinner.
We'll get you some finger sandwiches from Rector Howard. How do you like that?
See out there on a Hershey highway, pal. The very first caller this morning.
If you missed him, boy, no one of you feel so good.
So much better than we do. Obnoxious, millivine piece of crap.
Screaming and screeching and bellyic and then carrying on.
Stand up and be a god damn man. We need god damn Marlon Brander to come
here and slap some of these people in the pus.
That's what we need. Call up.
Long co-yong. Immediately if not sooner.
You're gonna come over here and slap some of these people right in the face
and wake them up. Little aqua velvet might not hurt.
If you're fat, a lot of us are. Boy, are we fat or what?
Man, just too much food. Too much eating and eating.
Munch, a munch, a munch. Spread them and say cheese.
How are you? I'm Tommy from Pythomie saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, come on down to Pythomie or South Beach.
We know like black people. Stay on cheap well. Besides, why black people are
to eat Thai food anyway? We're not have fried chicken on the menu.
Oh wait, I forget. We have a spare ribs.
Luchin, I talk. Cut the spare ribs on menu. This type of dog.
So if you're not black, come on down to Pythomie.
Come to think of it. Those damn gay people.
We know like them either. Shoulders to food.
But they talk too loud with funny lips.
They serve other customers. No comeback.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, laden people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect you table.
We give to someone else already.
Laden people are always late.
No black, no gay, no laden in Thai Tommy.
Enjoy people. You stop bickering our bill.
Who cares who have what? Pay with the angle.
Let it outside. Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill.
We know what you hear.
No, you, no black, no fag, no Cuban.
And why people? You think you better than everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your ass.
You're not come back.
No white, no black, no, you no laden or snow games.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to Pythomie.
Undeadish.
Hurry before we have to close.
On the cane, in terms of the theme of campaign finance reform,
still kind of standing there by himself in terms of the Republican Party.
And most of the Democratic Party.
And Frank, if I can say that.
Yeah.
He said just a minute ago, he wanted to be a force for change
within the Republican Party.
There is an argument in the Republican Party going on right now.
John McCain is saying the Republicans lost the 92 and the 96 and the 98
because they were a party dominated by a conservative ideology.
And that is not a winning strategy in this country.
You can't win as an ideological party.
You have to be a reform party.
And conservatives rightly felt threatened by that.
And they resisted that kind of change.
Their argument is that the, what are these people saying?
You know, I put this on, hoping that I could clarify because they keep putting up here on CNN.
McCain's been presidential campaign.
And we just saw him up there going, but it would, but about it, it said him and so on.
And you just can't get it out of these batches.
You can't squeeze it out of them.
What do that mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompato B. Chilo.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
You're my favorite radio personality.
But I have no idea what you look like.
I've listened to you for 10 years.
Yeah.
And I've never seen your fifth or fifth year.
Well, head it way ahead of the game.
Believe me.
When I try to get you on the internet, is it Neil, N E I L or E A L?
K N.
Well, I assume that you're about 6'4", but blonde here.
Uh-huh.
A nice tan.
Yeah. Why do you want to date?
Is that why you looking good?
Is that why you looking good?
No, I enjoy you so much that I have no idea what you're looking for.
No, no, no.
It's ugly as all sin.
I'm 5'1", and I got way 622 pounds.
And I have a big black mole on the front of my forehead.
Okay.
My left eye used to be.
And have a great day.
Okay, somebody call that guy back.
He's lonely.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, pound 5'60 on the 18t wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
In honor of St. Patrick's Day, good ridden.
It's been mixorly.
Good ridden.
It's been the cane.
And uh, let's playcott the Harlem Globe Trotters until they're 89.
Here's a mobile in taberniere.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Dave Buddy?
Okay.
Hey, I just want to show my coach,
couple weeks ago.
And I want the most Vegas.
I just got back just that weekend.
Oh, I had it off some time, Neil.
It's the world's greatest place to go.
Yeah.
And I got back here.
I asked myself, why did you come back?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
And I was.
Have a good day, Neil.
Okay.
Glad you had a good time, sir.
It's still there.
There's another call verifying what we feared.
And that is Las Vegas is still there.
And people are having still have a good time there.
We were concerned about that.
It's still there.
16,000 open lines here.
As we wait once again to see if they're going to call
as the phone system work.
What's it all about Virginia?
Jesus Christ.
Man, oh man.
Thanks a lot, Norma, for getting me into this joint.
You lunatic you.
And just like that thing said in the
hearled this morning, who needed another goddamn
Fag newspaper anyway?
5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from Lehigh Acres.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, one of the throws something,
the natural here has a little something to do with
affirmative action maybe.
Right now is a real good time.
You see we got our sets of forms coming out.
Yeah.
It's something I've been doing for a while.
Whenever they ask for your race,
basically what I do is me, if it has a kid,
to me, African American, that's a nationality.
Not a race.
So what I do is, if everybody would do the same thing,
check that bar mark, other right in Italian American
or Irish American or German American.
And so many up there at the Census Bureau
was going to look at all these papers and say,
hey, what happened to all the honky?
Yeah.
And then what?
And then everybody's the minority.
And there's no need for affirmative action.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
My head is staring to ache tremendously,
like there's a gigantic anvil in between my ears.
And it's just trying desperately to bang its way out.
When a doubt bang it out.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to come in on that whistle of vote
on your affirmative action poll.
No, I don't think you need affirmative action.
Yeah, we're not taking a poll on the year, sir.
The poll is on the internet.
We don't see, I should clarify that more often.
It makes on our website.
I apologize.
I mean, we're not talking about it.
We're not doing the poll because polls on the year are boring.
Okay, I apologize.
What's up?
What's on is you don't realize that it's not just the civil servant jobs
and the low end jobs, the affirmative action
is actually creating a problem.
It goes as high up as the things like medical school admissions,
law school admissions.
And the problem that occurs is you're basically
wanting to let again people who are not as qualified as people
that are interviewing.
And you want to put a lot of power.
Absolutely correct.
And it is absolutely unacceptable.
And I can honestly tell you I sat at a medical school interview
and was interviewed by a black dean and he asked me
what I thought of affirmative action at the time.
And did I really mind a black woman getting in ahead of me
even if we had the same grades
or maybe even she had lower grades.
First of all, number one, that's putting somebody
on the spot on your interview.
And I told them I understood that was a completely illegal question
but I'm even more than happy to answer it.
Yeah.
I told them I could care less of someone's purple, green, white, yellow,
or blue as long as they've got the qualifications
to get in, they should get in.
Right.
And that's what people don't realize is you basically
going to dilute the pool and bring down your quality
to your employee, the quality of your student,
the quality of your doctor,
the quality of your bus driver, of your bus.
It's about how it's going to happen
that this is the byproduct of 30 years of this insane
reverse discrimination.
I just wanted to say that the whole concept here
is that you can undo one wrong by doing another one
and it doesn't work.
You can't legislate morality,
you also can't legislate the quality.
It's going to happen.
It's got to happen on its own.
Okay.
You can't legislate it.
And have a great day.
You too, Neil, thank you.
Forsterilization, baby, that's the answer.
Forsterilization.
Well, there's Bill Bradley.
I had explaining to you to do about the campaign
finance campaign.
Okay.
Got his basketball out.
I guess that's all we need to know about him.
Now, is it going to say suspense, campaign?
Well, why don't they just come right out and spit it out?
Okay.
Tell us wrong with you people on CNN.
Spit it out.
Christ.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
Voka.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes.
Yes, I'd like to take one minute
to expose the this Florida one for what it really is.
It's nothing more than pandering to more or less the angry white man in America.
So his brother can get in.
He doesn't care about black people.
And he doesn't really care who he's a silver spoon from Fisher Island.
Couldn't really care less about who gets educator, who doesn't.
It's just to get the vote for his brother.
That's not what we're talking about.
Whether we, we, about Jim Bush.
We're talking about affirmative action and whether we, it's acceptable or not.
He isn't about affirmative action.
Yes, but that's not what we're talking about.
So we're not talking about Jim Bush about his one Florida.
We're talking about affirmative action.
Yes, you know, that's what we're discussing.
Well, and obviously you're, and obviously you're, you're, you're against it.
I'm for it because I really love him.
Affirmative action.
I am for the other people who are less qualified and somebody else should get a job
based on the color of their skin.
What country they, their grandparents came from?
You think that's the way we're happy?
Absolutely not, but I do think that they should have a fair shot at jobs
since the playing field is not level.
Yeah, and how about, how about ugly people?
Should they have a fair shot at jobs?
Absolutely.
And how about Italian people?
Hello?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How about dumb people?
Sir, how does that sound to you?
Dumb people.
Eeeeh!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless plan.
I told you a long time ago that Jeb Bush was a right wing fanatic
with his anti-abortion, with his, we don't like his purchase.
Nobody could tell where they're logging that.
Nobody could tell a lot of other stupid people.
Nobody could tell the Jews that, you know, got stuck in.
He ran around from one shoulder to another and he got stuck in.
We already know what he's all about.
If you don't know what Jeb Bush is all about,
I have no sympathy for you.
That's not the issue.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, New Horry?
Okay.
Let me tell you something, man.
I think you, I called a hammer.
I called the other guys and the phones are always working.
Yours are only the only ones that have gotten messed up.
I told you that.
Because we're not in the same studio.
We were in a different studio with a piece of crap phones.
It doesn't work.
I'm telling you, you need to lay this smack down on
Scrooans big, that candy ass.
Okay.
All right, bye.
Yeah.
Okay.
Scrooan.
That's for your big fat candy ass.
Okay.
Bitch.
You disgusting.
VV is dangerous.
Bitch.
Now I feel better.
Thank you, sir.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pond, how's line A2?
Are they going to come back here today or what?
Don't sound like it to me.
It sounds like it's really F up to me.
It's not like it's got all kinds of lugging it.
Just like a goddamn hole in touch.
But don't taste so good.
It's got a bomb in it.
What about that line 4 for Christy?
Huh?
Sound like the same damn line to me with the same noise and crap in it.
That's what it sounds like to me.
And then sound like to you?
What was that?
Did you hear that?
No, that wasn't...
Hello?
VVQ-AM.
It don't work.
If you'd like to make it go.
Please call the beesleaf.
Yeah, you know that George Beasley.
He's an asshole.
And Bruce Beasley.
He's an asshole.
All the other ones listed on that thing.
He's an asshole.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And they still don't get it.
They still don't understand why they've aroused my eye.
For two and a half years of incompetence and an effidude.
And cheapness.
Forget about all the other stuff.
It comes back to one word.
Cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep.
That's what it comes down to.
We will not pay to do it right.
La Pages, Glue, Scotts, Tape,
two tin cans with a goddamn cordon of wire
and a piece of string.
That's the best we'll do for it.
And if that's just like their Jeweloyer said
it was back in the beginning
when they were going to refuse to build any studio for us.
Another one of their 80 million lies.
Oh, we're paying them a lot of money.
If you have to do the show from a goddamn broom closet, so be it.
How do you like that?
In other words, this is a one-way contract
we have here with me.
I'm supposed to come on here and make magic.
And they're supposed to do nothing just write a check.
That's their concept of broadcasting.
These people who were likely to buy their stock.
That's their idea of their responsibly as a broadcaster.
Not to provide a facility.
Not to live up to all the goddamn lies that they tell people.
Pathological liars.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
And by the way, if Victoria Stafford listened
downstairs, you're a good guy to have a Jesus Christ.
There's no, we don't have no sponsor called Brankies, okay?
They didn't Brankies.
We got Hankie Pankie.
But we got no Brankie?
No, no Brankie.
But we do have Brandies.
I've got two sets of rips.
We know all about your evil lies.
Gods have rated the plot sisteros
have a profile picture on her story.
The petition for a
yellow is the source,
the answer and the voice from the
TVFI long brush focusingscreen feeding
You talk out the both sides of your eyes.
So no one gets in the way of your evil plan.
You must be confused what's like something here.
Whether brutality or who between you and your enemies
evil through us, those evil who walk around with you.
Evil through us, those evil who walk around with you.
Hey!
You hiked our ready checks made out to cash.
Hey!
I know they need expensive money back.
Come to save when you're the sponsor of the house.
Now let's not go fit you on the way out.
Hey!
We all have a lot of good lives and TV!
Top 32 of 560 WQM. Happy Fers Day to you.
Our full question today on our website neorangers.com is,
do you support a permanent action?
Yes or no?
Sure we're getting an update because this one is a pretty outdated point.
Right Eric, we're going to be getting an update.
Good, please.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from Boulder, Colorado, but it's not John Pene.
He's still running around.
Yeah.
How are you sir?
Okay.
I've been listening to you before a micronary in Tandy Tate were hit.
You know, talking about the NHL this thing.
I've had my run-ins with OPP and Canadian Cogsmen, so I don't really like these people.
What people?
The Canadian authority figures.
Okay.
It's with my experience with them, but apparently there has been some precedent.
Yeah.
For instance, Maple Leaf Garden, 88.
Yeah, I know that.
I don't want to go back to the whole history of Dinosys or Rally and Luke Richardson.
We know that.
Okay.
I just think that's the point.
I'm just giving my opinion.
I don't think the police are going to have any business getting their nose in it.
Oh, I agree.
100%.
I just think they're going to raise that issue.
Yeah.
I'm well aware of it.
It's going to have an ice day.
We're not doing a hockey show.
560, do we have a hockey team anymore here?
No.
I don't think so.
I think they've vanished.
They did disappear and act.
They just kind of floated away.
560, 7.0560, 05.60 on the AT&T line.
Another call from Jamesville.
Hello.
Hey, what's going on here?
Yes, sir.
I got to put a big no for affirmative action.
It's not fair that students with lower scores can get into big universities.
Or, say, you have a lot of other universities.
For us racism.
Right.
And the fact that they complain, well, the SAT is unfair for African Americans.
It's worth it differently.
What would they like in any bond?
How about Italians?
Is there any fear for them?
Well, no, but they can get it.
How about languages?
How about if somebody is from Finland where they don't even use the same letters for
a lot of people?
Well, it's not fair.
If you speak English, if you have a lot of people that are from Finland,
if you don't have a lot of people, they can get one from that language.
If you want it to, but it's not fair if you speak English,
if it's in English, you shouldn't, based on a lower score,
getting into the university based on your college.
That is correct.
He's gone.
He just be gone.
He just slammed it right down.
Okay.
14,000 open lines here today.
Oh, anyway, John McCain.
If you listen long enough, finally, through all the verbiage they tell you,
he suspended his campaign rather than ended it because by suspending it,
it makes him eligible for federal matching funds right up to Leanne.
In case he'd be changing his mind or decides to a run as an independent or run for his life or whatever the hell else.
That's why they worded it a little bit differently.
He'd be suspended.
Oh, that's a great idea.
Yeah.
If he ran as an independent.
Oh, they're talking about that.
Then neither one of them has a chance.
No, I know, but neither one of them.
What about Pat Buchanan is going to be the reform party candidate taking the real ultra right wing.
And then he got.
Yeah.
Wow.
Talk about watching one of the two watching an elephant commit suicide.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line is open again.
That gains the line.
That the young man just slammed right down there after he made his point.
He slammed it and the phone to 877-785-6345.
This is it.
This is what it's all about.
24 years in counting.
And here I am pumping these numbers, pumping it, squeezing it, yanking it.
Here's a mobile and cross-bring.
Hello.
Mobile and cross-brings.
Gone.
Okay.
Let's try a mobile and open park.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You know, you talk about affirmative action.
My life is the teacher.
And you know, some of the things that she has told me, such as her team, has had to actually,
you know, interview prospective teachers.
And when it came to the time of recommendation, they were told that certain people didn't qualify
because they were not of a certain minority.
So they couldn't hire the person that they thought was right for the position.
They had to hire because, based on, on basically color, which is, you know,
which is unacceptable.
Yeah.
It's very unfortunate.
Right.
And on a lighter note, I started my morning this morning, flipping through the panels and,
well, I come across a fatso.
And right, just at that right scene where, where, where, Dom is going to,
I'm going to kill junior with the knife and they're sitting around talking about the,
get the heart of junior.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.
Anyway, so I just wanted to set some light on the educational system and what they've got to go through.
And, okay.
I'll see you on the bus.
Okay.
Thank you.
5 670560, 0560 on the AT&T line out of town line, open 8777, 8656345, 204 votes so far on our review.
And then you know what the, you know what's pathetic?
You know what's really pathetic?
Our poll question yesterday was about Dan Marino.
We wound up with 718 votes, a record, record breaking number of people responded to that question.
Is that an important question?
No.
They were falling all over each other to cast the vote on Dan Marino.
Should it be tired?
Should he pick his nose?
Should he get his lips fixed?
Maybe she needs liposuction.
We have 45 million votes about Danny Boy.
Affirmative action, which everybody in the world should have an opinion on this.
204 votes we got by noon by 1230.
So far 181 say no.
88.7% 23 say 11%.
And the right to the audience of course says, yeah.
21 before 1 at 560 WQN.
It's a Roger's last night on an all new judging evening.
I give her a six.
Six.
Try a four.
Yeah.
I guess her hips are pretty big.
That's nothing.
Hey, turn her out for us.
Would you honey?
Look at that.
Oh, I missed that before.
Yeah.
See?
Four.
Four.
That's tonight on the new and improved judging evening.
Okay.
So what were you saying about Janina?
17 before 1 at 560 WQN.
We got Hank at the Honda Classic II.
We got her a cool hotline at 6th.
And then we got her a cool basketball from the biggest tournament 635.
Either against Winner of Rutgers or Notre Dame as the case may be.
And Eddie K. Ramswood GA after the basketball game.
We got 20 or 30,000 open lines for you here.
No waiting 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Which everyone to these may be working today.
And the out of timeline.
It works.
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5.
We only had a threat and to take him to court 15 times to get the out of town line.
Better use it.
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Little bulletin for you.
My bright enough today a little bit.
Yes.
I just I just got in my rig.
My radio is on 940 by mistake.
But I did hear that boomer size in will be gone.
And then the paper.
That's in the paper this morning.
Oh sorry.
I didn't get to read the paper.
Old news.
Old news.
I see.
The black golf team on Saturdays.
That's not a matinee game.
Is it?
No.
Okay.
I want to try and get that out one.
I don't have the computer to get on your pole.
But as far as affirmative action.
I'm off for stopping that.
It will get them to write off the power play.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck to us.
5 6 7 0 5 60 last call for phone calls today.
And then I'm going to go like 6 back.
Put my feet up on a guy damn chair and wait from the fixed the phone.
Now of course it could just be me, you know.
Could be just my imagination to get you a hollow hysterical.
I guess.
Overreact all the time.
And then of course there's always this one.
Oh man.
Oh boy.
I start getting real twitching with the.
Come in.
Come in.
Don't get this to us.
No.
I'm going to try it again.
5 6 7 0 5 we got a lot of hang ups around here.
I'll tell you that again spending any money.
You think that's a different.
It's $2,000 23 hundred bucks for his expense accounts.
No.
This promise go ahead and pay for yourself.
And we'll reimburse you many, many months ago.
And he's a spitting blood because they haven't paid him back.
You think the bees these will ever pay him back?
No.
No.
Take him to court.
Suit their ass.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T line out of town line is wide open air for you.
877 7 8 5 63 45.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a question.
You.
Well, you were at some of the one Saturday or two weeks ago.
Yeah.
I'm doing some work for the census at a senior citizen center.
I can't say where.
I don't know.
I think that's going to be like it's the first day.
We know what's going to be like.
Senior center, we're giving things away.
It's going to be real quiet.
Oh, you're giving things away?
Like I said, it's going to be a beehive of activity.
Is that right?
Uh-huh.
Wheel.
Okay.
Spin it, pal.
And the wheel too.
He's spinning it.
And bring a couple of dreitos along too.
That'll be for a little entertainment.
Well, I sure can't wait for a home Natasha and on tour.
I just can't wait.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
The outer town line.
We're waiting on that.
It's going to be a miracle if it ever rings again.
A whole life is slashing right before my eyes.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Hey, oh, God.
How you doing?
Okay.
Next I came under the circumstances, sir.
I understand.
Finally, somebody in South Florida radio with the nuts and nuts
to talk about affirmative action.
Yeah.
Let me tell you, many years ago when I got out of the service, I got on the police department.
And it was a good department.
Everybody knew how to read and write at least.
Uh-huh.
When affirmative action came around, that left.
We got in captain, people.
I was a field training officer.
Couldn't fire anybody.
Just like you were saying yesterday, dare you to write me up or fire.
That's right.
And Millupton and Haashtile.
Exactly.
Therefore, that's why we have the widespread corruption because you can't fire anybody.
And you can't, you can't screen who you hire.
Also, look at them, look at Memphis.
There's a, with the situation they had yesterday, guaranteed that guy was an affirmative action hire.
Yeah.
So, find like you said, somebody in South Florida radio with the nuts and nuts to talk about it and take a stance and give the real opinion.
I must be nuts.
Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
Yes, sir.
Good luck to us.
Good luck to us, people.
I'll be people and white people and, uh, four people and whatever else it is.
We weren't looking for somebody just to hire us because we happen to be a, fill in the blank.
Because they're crap that allegedly happened two, three, four hundred years ago.
Not gonna fly.
Got no support.
Hate to break the news to you.
You got no support.
Got to pick your lazy ass up off the goddamn ground.
Get you a brain no matter what the hell you are, no matter what your circumstances are and get with the program.
You want a job?
Great.
Do it better than somebody else.
One education.
Go ahead, get a higher test score and get yourself into college.
You want to graduate high school?
No more social promotion.
No more movement people along just because they can't keep somebody in their school till they're 25 years old.
No more.
No more diploma unless you got brain enough to what earned one.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what do you think, um, um, the affirmative action hasn't worked the plan in the hockey yet?
Meaning what?
Well, it's all white guys.
Yeah.
And how about the NFL?
How about the NBA?
No, how about the NBA?
Why don't we have any white guys in the NBA?
What do you got?
10.
Agreed.
Yeah.
Hey, it needs to go both ways.
You need to go both ways.
Well, I think you got a good head start from what it sounds like to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Posse, that's the QAML audience for you.
Everything they can translate in the sports.
Everything.
Like the Danny Boer thing yesterday with that phenomenal response we had on the internet on our website.
Just, uh, but the thing got overloaded.
It was like blowing.
It was blown out when it doubt blow it out.
But today affirmative action.
I guess maybe we should probably explain what that word means for sure.
We do that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, to the sports nerds.
Now, don't you think we need a good young black athletic quarterback on the dolphin?
Uh-huh.
That's a good topic for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
They're suffering from Danny disease.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Dolan, Mr. Roger.
Okay, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm very, very happy to hear that you're the only one in this town that has the balls enough to speak about at number one.
What does that mean?
I'm not the only one talking about it.
You're just repeating what the other guy said.
Well, he's right.
You're the only one that's really, you know, you're pumping it up and it's good because you're tired of it.
We're tired of these people crying and mourning about, you know, it's unfair.
This and that I work with some myself and.
Some what?
Some dark people are completely.
Yeah, and I'm out there busting my butt and they go home and they're sitting on the couch relaxing while I'm working.
How do you know that?
Well, what do you mean they're sitting on the couch while you're working?
What does that mean?
You know, good.
I don't know.
Good for no.
Yeah, I do their job.
Uh-huh.
And they know because of something happens they get caught.
You can't touch them.
You know, we'll give you a slap on the wrist.
But we'll talk about something better now.
I heard last week you said you missed out on that Puma stock.
Well, I'm going to give you a little hint on another stock that I was told about.
I am DS.
It's a local company here in plantation, not far from your house.
The technology is in breast cancer with lasers.
It's unbelievable.
Okay.
We worth a couple bucks.
Check it out.
And we might both be spoken of cigar sitting on our own little island somewhere.
Great.
Sounds good.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
I'm going to buy that.
No.
How about Beasley?
No.
No.
What is Beasley, by the way, with somebody please look up Beasley, B.B.D.E.I.
and see how it's doing right now because it got that big recommendation from who was it?
Do it slide over all of this morning.
Do it still come?
Somebody like that was up to 12 and three quarters already after taking a dive.
12 and a half bucks yesterday.
See, we don't want Greg and Abesley to act like Miss any meals.
Okay.
Because George W. Beasley is only, what was it that I said he's only got 13 million shares of that stock.
That's B stock of this class Z company.
With their class zero paying their bills and class equipment.
It's really interesting because right down the hall I'll say it again, power 96.
They got, you can get off the floor in there.
They got a studio's in there and equipment space age.
They got space age. We got Stone Age.
You know what I mean by Stone Age in this neighborhood here?
Yeah, I'm not.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you on affirmative action.
And to the guy earlier who said white people ought to go find a black guy and take him to dinner.
It ought to be the reverse.
They ought to go find a white guy and take him to dinner for my ancestors bringing their ancestors over here.
So they've been out running around over their chunk of experience and stuff.
I mean, I never, I never, I never, I never, I never, I like chunky soup.
Yeah.
Okay.
I call it Fort Myers, by the way.
Fort Myers saying, I don't think you folks over there in a West Coast are capable of discussing this without bringing it to a, to a different level.
You know, I'm talking about like little, little, little, like that.
And quite frankly, I don't really want to go to that.
Maybe tomorrow will do little, little, little like that for the West Coast for Fort Myers and in virions.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe that's what the Red GYB be talking about.
Spirit chunky soup.
Maybe that's what he's talking.
Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello.
Yeah, I'll be maybe in Weston. What's up?
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, I have to agree with you.
The bottom line is whoever is competent.
Do the job.
Yeah, sounds pretty basic.
And it sounds pretty basic and elementary to me, Watson.
I used to work for a company where we had one guy that took all 46 days, a year, 46 days, Neil.
He was of a different complexion.
Yeah, we wound up doing all his work.
And when the time came for corporate reorganization, get through state with the company.
Uh-huh.
The 46 day guy.
I do want to thank you for that.
Who must talk about it 98?
Really?
It's on an 80 or something like that.
Yes, you're, you're an angel, Neil.
Nice go up.
Stop.
I'm telling you.
Don't be scared of us.
I already got rid of my guy.
I got rid of my stockbroker.
He's history.
He's sitting there counting beans, you know, one and a two.
He's doing the Lawrence wealth bean cotton routine.
I don't have time to wait for him.
Good guy, but slow.
Too slow for me.
I want life in a fast lane, baby.
Like, don't be scared of me.
I'm going to give me the hell out of here out of this bogus goddamn place.
I mean, you asked them to give me a phone at work, huh?
That's all two and a half years ago.
Can I do it?
No.
And we got some stuff on the floor down here that Duff was pointing off his point in this
thing at this morning.
I'll believe it all when I see it.
When it actually works when they show me something.
Show me something.
Not just the money.
Show me something.
Show me some ability to give me something to hear that works.
You morons, you jackasses, you goofballs, you slime balls, you.
Will you do it?
No.
No.
They can't do it.
This is the only way they know how to do it.
The bargain basement way.
The knives in their way.
The crezghies way.
The little worth way.
The, uh, came artwork.
The goddamn radio shack way.
I guarantee you that radio shack's thrown out better equipment in their store than we got
down here.
And you know the kind of crap that they sell.
Here's a mobile and bell harbor.
Hello.
Any highway.
Okay, sir.
I don't know by any chance.
Did you read the, uh, people section of the name of hell today?
The people section.
I doubt it.
You know, it says that, um, screaming Jay Hawkins, who had father 57 children, now they're looking
for the anybody who's a Jay, Jay Hawkins kid, um, go to wwjkids.com and if you're in health
news, you get some money.
Because he left it in his will.
Is that the idea?
Yeah.
Well, how much did he leave?
I don't know.
It doesn't say.
He just said he has 57, 57 children.
Yeah.
He went and just didn't.
Not bad.
Not bad.
Better than wolf's, wolf's still.
I think so.
But my vote is, um, we don't need a affirmative action.
I don't think the color of anybody's skin should make him preferential to anybody else.
Exactly.
I say if they look good, hire him.
If they, I mean, there's laws that they look good.
They're not going to be able to put out hire him.
Well, you know, you, you make work based on your abilities.
Right.
I think they'll put out.
If this thing passes, the driver's license bill, the courthouse, they get to a lot of people.
Because that's the majority of those jobs are too bad minorities.
Well, let's get some people in there who can do the goddamn job.
That's what I said.
So they don't go on the side and make you deal with collecting money and stuff on fixing tickets.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
Good guy.
I have no idea what he said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 12, 56 at QAM.
Only an hour to go.
Hallelujah.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
You want to know why?
Okay.
If you're sick of buying that weekly stock, just listen to this sound.
Okay.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
He's kind of going to the city of Erickson.
He said that it's not true.
That it's ever you.
Okay.
Go to the town when he denies that he tries.
Okay.
What's the republic in shape?
It's never 10 to 10, Mr. Paine.
He said he's going to the other safe.
And we will never play with cocaine.
Georgie has been keeping eyes that he tries.
Okay.
10 to 5, 60, W. K.M.
I'm going to go to the republic and party.
This November we're going to be putting it into a 28 different factions.
It might make it a little bit difficult.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I was wondering under the discrimination thing.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was wondering on the.
Sir, what are you saying?
What are you doing there?
What I'll work.
Well, how I heard it bug off.
I got an important, high rated talk show here.
We have time for that bitch.
Yeah, no.
I know to make everything fair.
Why don't we put starting blocks in 100 meter.
You're going to have to run.
Yeah.
Five meters up for a white person.
Don't you think also that they should just put Social Security numbers on applications when they take tests.
Right.
Because when you ask people a little more race, no more religion, no more gender.
Oh, and you ask them that.
That's discriminating.
That's correct.
Okay.
So I have to say.
Okay.
Thanks.
You can tell that bitch of a screw off or screw in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And also they should hire you site unseen you should be able to go in there with a hood over your head
That's right go in there with a hood
21
Hey listen work for David Duke
work for John rocker
Go in there with a hood just say I'd be from the hood and here you be hiring me based on here's my papers
Here's my crap. Here's my stuff. You like my stuff?
How many was that in with George? She's Scott. What's the name of that movie? I like my stuff
Hardcore very good very good move two steps ahead
And you still want to get your bonus yet
5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way George got his bonus yet from the last book. No, no, Christ
It's only the night of March or you kidding me. Oh, man. You must be dreaming
You must have you must have John Henry disease. I'll tell you that I must be crazy. I must be nuts exactly
Here's western hello, why people can go in with a hood and the black people can go in with a stocking over their head
Okay, you're gonna be a ski mask
Unfortunately, there's like two groups that are against front of an action one is there against it?
Against it. Yeah, one is like the guy who called for four Myers. He's just a total racist
Yeah, and then these people who thought it out have come to the conclusion that it just doesn't work and it's wrong and it should be
Like like us. Yeah, but a reasonable people like us. Yeah, not bigoted red next like that asshole in four Myers or or GW bush
Uh
What's a different conservative the passion of conservative than that one who uses that's linked right?
That's right in another words his victims will be lightly killed there you go
Can you play bush inspector? I got it. Thanks, but I have a great thing say hi to our inspector by the way who's still looking at the other bullet there
The magic bullet
5 6 7 0 5 60 I thought today was today that we were gonna get the word about alien
Of course, I'm not looking. I'm not gonna watch the local channels. Do I want to hear about it? No, I just mentioned that in passing
Hey, maybe it came over our newswire
Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello, how's it going to you great? Hey, I'd like to say you weigh off of this
Firmative action because I'm the product of an interracial marriage
And I need a lot of Bob Jones University. Did you sir? Not no way, okay?
Pretty much I passed the white and I am half black my father's life can black man. Yeah, which half and
Well, I'm going out of course and
I get into right now managing about 15 million dollars for a couple of white guys. They're real good men
All right, occasionally they even use the you know they
Refer to you know when somebody that went a black person does something wrong. Yeah, for a tool as nigger
Yeah, but the black people who work for them who produce for them they they have nothing with glean things
To to say about them, but I do get in other words if you're a good boy, then it's okay
But if you're a bad boy, then you're a nigger is that what you're saying?
Yeah, basically and
But I've always been had the opportunity to get into rooms into management meetings and everything and I
the inward and
White people still call people nigger is still real
Of course there
What about black people that they use that word a lot
Yeah, but they're not in a position of power
They're not and I'm telling you that I'm in I'm in management meetings with people who and what about hockey? Do they say hockey black people?
Well, yeah, yeah, they do
And what I'm saying is until there's something in place that can ensure people aren't
oppressed and mean health back
Well, press and health back should only have to do with education
What people ought to be concerned about is getting an equal playing field as far as education and getting rid of all these
Substandard schools and all these ghetto schools and all these illiterate principles and teachers that's where all the focus has to be
Education I totally can't be any other system in place that's going to be acceptable anybody with a brain that says just because
Times are tough or you didn't have a good education. We're gonna stick you in a head-on line of people who have to sacrifice their lives
Because of some other mistake that was made not acceptable
People aren't gonna wait anymore to get it back to an even playing field. I'm sorry. Just isn't gonna happen
Yeah, I'm looking at what they're learning now and everything that my kids are doing in high school in junior high is
The past these standardized tests that they're the grading test the greatest schools. Yeah, their whole curriculum
Focus is not on learning. It's on teaching them on how to pass these
Passing the test right and it's really it's really it's really turning into a whole pitch-pour thing
And somebody really needs to be shot over this. Let's start with a
Superintendent of Bay Pound County Public School. Let's put a bullet in his temple in his temple. I didn't know he was Jewish
How do you like that? There's a real good reason to look all let's put a bullet in his show as what he said something like that nice
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 I mean what kind of an asshole comes on the year and make some comment like that
I mean if you're gonna say let's improve his hair piece something like that that would be different
Put a bullet in his temple
Grotesque disgusting subhuman
9 minutes after one or five 60 WQ I am
You played the trumpet but no one ever came to your side
You tried the drums and dad for you out of the house
In fact, you've tried just about every instrument created but no one wanted to listen
But now you can satisfy the performer within by learning to play the phone
That's right compose and play all your favorite tunes right on the touch-tone keypad of your home telephone
It's a recital they can't possibly miss
Me again
You two can learn to play the phone try it today some lung distance charges may apply
That's what we're doing playing the phone here at QIM
Maybe line four is a little more entertaining right now
What do you say?
It's interesting they were able to clear that up yesterday, but evidently today there's maybe no interest or just
Whatever 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I mean why bother when we got this new state of the art heavy duty stuff that they spent all that money for
Like I said, there's a special place in hell for them and Bob to move to by the way
Here's a Liberty City hello
Yeah, Nio yes, sir
Do you think
These white schools that all their white kids there are better prepared to go to school later in the blacks
That's it the black kids what schools are you talking about?
University of Miami Florida State Florida
All of them know
Okay, some of them
Yeah, it's some of those white kids that don't have any business being there right and
Some of the black
Reason is there why is that why why do they get all the pants could pay
All this money for them to go there. Yeah, I know that well say well when you go to bird ions today
You see people buying like a ten thousand dollar
HDTV set TV sets that's because they can afford to buy it
right right and
You always talking about the blanks just the blanks that I am why is it a blank thing in this control the task?
Why is it that you know weird is lower people it you know, you just kick us around
What what happened what done happen you don't launch your state
You're on the lowest Texas you're on low-scale or you right what are you talking about you people so well
I said to what?
To the people that you call but nanoproject people
That will you launch it yeah, yeah, so you know the black people I don't know. I'm doing okay
Having took nothing. I'm doing all right. We have we don't own nothing here. We don't run nothing
Yeah, so why don't you talk about that and how come you don't own nothing?
Is that because you got a great education?
You know because you have great deal. I have a great education. Yeah
But why don't you talk about that about what you don't have radio stations?
You're about how about how about W.E.D.R. Is that a black radio station?
I'm not talking about we don't have broadcasting and white people but never
I'm talking about okay, you can speak Spanish. I don't want to speak Spanish
You don't know I have no
P you don't pick it up on in here. No you don't wash your face. No, I have not no I have not
George said no my whole audience speaks English. Okay, sir. Don't you speak English?
Yeah, I have a lot of I have a lot of things I don't speak correct English. Why not?
What I don't call myself
Well, why why not why don't you why don't you speak correct English?
Why don't I speak correct English? That's the question. Yes, you just said it
I don't need to why not well you don't need to no
Well, what does that mean you don't need to you don't need to to accomplish what?
I live are you proud of the fact that you don't speak what you say is proper English? Are you proud of that?
Yes, why?
Why what you call proper English? You know, no, you're the one you just got you're telling me you don't speak proper English
You said I'm talking about English you
as opposed to Spanish I'm not talking about how articulate you are and you said I don't speak proper English
I'm addicted to nothing. No, you don't lost the state of Florida. Yeah, okay
And I died don't know that you can't repeat the same stupid thing over and over again
And you're proud of the fact that you don't speak proper English because you don't want to be like whitey and that it
Pound. Yeah, you're not the one who's more on and you just get to tell me oh, well, we don't own this
We don't all the reason you don't own it is because you're a dummy. Okay, pal
Maybe if you learn to speak proper English and you go out there and you you know, you know, I'll assert yourself
Maybe you would own something
Just like godfather's pizza the whole chain is the CEO is a black guy
There's plenty of black people enterprising people at own businesses and start businesses and wind up as presidents of universities
And all kinds of goddamn things and senators and congressmen and whatever the hell else
But here's a guy that comes down here and it keeps hitting me over the head with you done lost this and you done lost that
And how about my girlfriend Marvin done with the blue lips
Oh
This is really beautiful
Don't speak proper English and he's hey, don't want he doesn't have to
No, you don't have to if you want to walk around in the deep probably, you know, you know, that's the Luther Campbell song as you literally as they want to be
That's sad that that's tragic. That's one of the most pathetic calls I ever heard in my life
He don't speak proper English and we done lost this and we done lost that and he's happy about it
He don't be wanting to speak it. He don't have to
Yes
Yes, here's Miami. Hello
Hi, yes, sir. Yeah, my name is jack. I've been listening to you a long time. They'll yes off and on when I was in town anyway
I was with Eastern Airlines and I used to listen to you going to work in I remember them. Yeah, remember them
I remember those good old days. Yeah. Yeah, yeah way back in the early 80s late 70s
I was listening to you on my way to work late at night. Yes, sir and
Then I went out of town and when they went out business I went to work for someone else out of town
I missed you. I came back and I thought you would I thought you was totally left and I finally find you on a different station. Well anyway
I still enjoy listening. I'm still here. It's very sad, but I'm still here
Working for a bunch of make-believe radio people. I hear you. But your phone is that's a good generous
That's that's a shame
Anyway, I've been looking for that poll you were talking about and on the internet
Neil Rogers dot comets on our website web page. Oh, that's Neil Rogers dot com. Right. I looked on wqa
Oh, forget about them. They we got nothing to do with them. Okay. We don't want to be associated with them
We got our own page. We don't want to be on the same page. They're on one page right another one. You know I'm saying
Okay, I hear you all right
Yeah, I'm not real keen on that affirmative action. Yeah, I've got a friend who's telling me you know that
Uh
His boss is a black female
Mm-hmm. And she got promoted into that position because she deserved it. Right and he I mean this was his he said that she was the best quantified
You know, but she really feels bad about it because
Everyone thinks she got it because of affirmative action when actually she did deserve it. Yeah, I mean that's that's kind of a
So I should see feel bad about it. What about your cheek here? Well, I don't know
You know she just can't go through your whole life worrying about what everybody else cares. Yeah, that's true
Anyway, uh
She you know it need a lot more to her if it hadn't been for affirmative action because then everyone would know she deserved it
You know anyway, that's just a sad commentary on it. Okay. All right, then have a great way. I appreciate you
Okay, keep it up. Yeah, what do you say? I'll come I just saw line four like there's some strange stuff going on with this whole system. I'll tell you that
You know
There's somebody like eating on the end of this line or somebody on it like what is it?
Hello
Uh, my own are you now who you calling sir? I was calling you are you are listening? Can you hear all that noise on this line?
Yeah, well, you're on, but I mean you're a you're a miracle at you and you're on line four so you better write this in your diary
I can't believe this is a miracle. I just wanted to talk about the Virgin Mary wouldn't believe this
I just wanted to talk about all the uh the things that afforded to black people like the white I mean the black entertainment channel. Yeah, and
the black beauty pageant. Yeah
Well, they got a whole month for themselves. What else do they want?
What do they want?
What is this affirmative affirmative act? They want you to buy them dinner tonight
They want a white guy to take them out and buy them dinner tonight. No
Yes, that's what they want. I didn't say you're gonna do it, but I'm just telling you they want it
Can't I don't understand
Well, that's what the guy their first call of this water maro the box. He said you want we we got to paint them back for slavery and whips and chains and SNM and
B and D and all that other stuff and the good new phone. I mean us. I can't only listen to that so long
I apologize to that guy because you sounded like a real regular guy
Whenever stole a caboose
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. So I know it's very sad when you've had this
Been coddled and spoiled and catered to over years and years and when even an old liberal bag like me comes on the
Year and says you know a lot didn't work screw you guys get a brain go out and compete in the real world like a real human being and stop
Beliacan and stop giving me all this old twisted. It's like the fractured fairy tales, you know
fractured fairy tales with Edward Edward Horton
You did great show by the way great. Yeah, there you go. Now wasn't that an offshoot of bullwinkle?
It was on the bullwinkle chef. Oh, it was like one of the seconds and what about um doubly do right
different chef
But it wasn't start on bullwinkle
same kind of uh like oh come on time. No
Are you positive? Now the e-stop's fables the fractured fairy tales. We're in more the little dog
The dog with Edward Edward Horton to the voice mr. Peabody. Yeah, sure, but the Peabody. Yeah, that was a
Foccup bull in colossus
Right
She's I'm not totally losing my mind, but Dudley do right was never on there
That's you're gonna be coming Boris and Natasha were not there
Don't Boris for that crap again
5670560 pounds what
That was the greatest show in history. It was bullwinkle. It was great
Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello
Yeah, sir
What's your take on this what's my take affirmative action thing like
Let's see the dolphins. You have to learn to replace my interest in the dolphins
Okay, sir. I'm not the least but interest in the dolphins. I'm not interested in your sports craft
Get a life get a brain get a goddamn brain life is more than a stupid guy then idiotic ball game and making a two-bit bet on some stupid
God then idiotic ball game and the over's and the under's and the ends and the outs
This radio station and the whole mentality that surrounds it is like a gigantic cancer. It's like a canker and a cancer no matter how you spell it
A place for lunatics for morons for low life no life idiots like this guy
Everything is a ball game to this guy
And don't you think the dolphins need a good young athletic black quarterback. Uh-huh. Thank you
You
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line W Q a m
Hello Q a m
How do you like that? Like I said, there's some real interesting crap going on with this phone today
Here's Voker. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I got a toy cocky with you. Neil. I want you to get
What does that mean? I want you to get serious and I want you to be named
Just to play the new commissioner of the national hockey league. Oh, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's a guy that needs to be rounded up too much spare time on his uh-uh hand
So
They have the internet on computers now sports radio 5 60 Q a
Want to score some parts?
Good
Good
Okay, thanks to Eric our one-time pack with the real outside world every time the TV said he says the uh-
Judge early on judge recesses hearing no decision announced
The lawsuit filed by Lazaro guns all is also a political asylum hearing for the boy
After about three hours the judge recessed hearing without reaching the decision announcing when he'll be
Reconvened and jump into ravine
So anyway our pull on a do you support affirmative action so far we have 272 votes now it's starting to pick up a little bit
Hoppa hop a board, baby like Chris Moore used to say hop a board
By the way stew barns winning gold and overtime last night for Buffalo lost the night school and here's doing
Just mention that in passing
All you people are ready to suck on Brian Murray's uh-uh what goes but at any rate 272 votes
245 said oh wow that's 90 percent
George that's more than 100%
Only 27 said yes and we haven't 27 said
Yeah, right. Oh, we've got to be kind of quiet 27. That's only 9.9%. Look at the board
You know what just happened there again now that we're looking at them. What is it? They're working
Yeah, there were who's they they the phone lines for Nate no, but who's working on it who changed?
Oh, I don't know. I don't know if anyone did who performed some miracle on it. No one said that anyone did
Yeah, okay, maybe it was just a miracle from from good could have been
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Going once
Going twice
That kind of rubber raft. Okay, let's try Miami on six. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think there needs to be a different kind of affirmative action
It's especially Miami-Dade County. Yeah, I think if you don't have a certain amount of a certain race
That you should have to hire them if we're gonna do if we're gonna do it for the blacks
I mean we might as well do it for everybody because they already do affirmative action isn't just for blacks
It's for Hispanics and women in all minorities. Well, yeah, well, I'm a white male
And you know, I don't you aren't you Hispanic? No, you're not. No, you're you're a honky
Well, you know, you know, Italian. Oh, you're Italian. Well Italian. I'm a satin
Italian this time, but let me tell you you know
I'm a Italian. Yeah
Italian to set uh-huh
Somewhere back there. I have a towel somewhere in the way in the back back. Oh, okay
Well, how much you got a little Italian in you that would you try to say sir?
Well, maybe a big Italian or maybe you had like a chef for already once or twice
But anyway, that's between us, but you know, I go into places. I just want to attack agency down here in Southwest Miami
Data, right, you know, they're all five foot Cuban ladies back there and you know
That way women why do you keep shouting in there under your breath that this guy's black? How do you know that you can hear them?
I he doesn't sound black to me something he might be black or might have a little black in him and a little tighter than him
Maybe he's got the Italian side in them and what's the point sir?
George and sister you're black. Are you black? Well, that's because he's cute
Are you a darky? No, I'm not a darky. So why why does George keep saying you're black? I don't know
He's sitting there spitting blood in there saying this is a guy didn't cool on the phone
No, is this the he-cool? No, no cool. Oh, that's right. He's dead the he-cool number. I'll try this much
I'm sick of it down here. Yeah, I'm sick of it down here and I can't take this anymore
Okay, well listen. We'll see you good luck to you. Howard feel he's met her in hell and he can't to
Now wait a minute don't tell me this thing happened again here, huh?
Oh boy, you see and you thought what a fool you are. You're so easy
It works for like five seconds here and now here we are back on this again this crap this piece of turd this shmithead phone system
Or because we work for incompetent broadcasters who refuse to give us the equipment that we need
The only I know it's getting ponderous by saying that 40 million times
But I do need to emphasize that that these people refuse to do what it takes
And the fact that we got some stuff sitting on the floor here now that may or may not solve the problem
We don't know that that proves nothing to me
Because this is taken like an act of God. This is taken in session threats and threats of lawsuits and lawyers back in fourth just to get to this point
So you can hear that sound
Hello
Yes, man
Right
Right okay
Can you hear me okay
What is it?
Yeah, you hear you
No
No
I didn't and that just happened spontaneously she just vanished by itself just like line eight comes on by itself line four
Drops out by itself because we got people dicking with our phone
I want everybody in this town. I want everybody in America know that here at WQA on the Lea Rogers show
We have people dicking with our phone. There is no doubt about that. You just saw that right there again
They're dicking with it and the phone too
And our people are sitting around
Going
Don't say nothing bad about this stock. It's gonna cost us all money
Now it's gonna cost you guys money because you're the ones that got all the stock
The family
If you pardon that expression
Tell me your Q.A.M
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great. All right. Hey. I'm one of these African American guys. You're a cone. All right. Yeah
Well, basically
Where I see it is that I'm one of the ones that I think affirmative action really isn't needed right
But until we have a mentality throughout the nation
We're all considered as equal people and we are all on a local plane to you. I mean, you know, okay
Well, what's true? What what what what what forget about black and white? What about what I said before about ugly people now
Ugly people will never be considered as not equal as beautiful people. You know that they may be beautiful on the inside
But but nobody cares about that. You know that nobody worries about that. Huh? They need to be flipped inside out
Okay, then while we're working on that okay. Well, basically you need to look like this
The way I see it is that what we have here is not a black and white thing not a male female thing
When you have one third of the working population that being white male
Controlling 97% of all management and see no corporations right that's not a level playing field
You're not going to get a level playing field that's right. You know, basically what I want to say to my black listeners out there
The NBA like you say there's no white guys in the NBA. Huh? I said go ahead. Oh, okay. Well, I thank the Jewish people for making back the ball
Yeah, okay
Basically when we have one percent of the population
Making more money than the entire 95% of the working class
But there are a bunch of guys in the NBA just uh, they need two three hundred of them are making more and all those other white guys
You're talking about it so maybe for Bill Gates hey
They make nothing compared to what the one the top one percent of this country makes really yes
There's guys in the NBA making 17 and 20 million dollars here
You know what's that?
Bill Gates he makes what oh how many how many how many Bill Gates are they're hanging around these days?
You know any I don't know any guys like Bill Gates
Not too many no not too many, but there's a there's a what a 63 millionaires being created every month in America in
And uh in some of more black some of them are black. So what's the problem then what I'm saying is that
If we're going this is what we want there there is not going to be an even playing field
Sure the fact is that this is that life isn't fair
You got to go out and do the best of your ability and get an education and compete and do the best you can
Okay, and you can't take away somebody else's job who's better qualified than you based on something that allegedly happened two three hundred years ago
No, and the people won't they're they're not going to accept that anymore. It's not uh gonna happen. Okay. Okay
Okay, over there. They're over
You know, we don't we don't need to get we don't need to be given any jobs because of our scantella right just giving my 40 acres with the muzzle plus interest
Okay
You know, hey, basically we got a we got a third plus and money. Why hey, I'll get out there and work
I work I work two or three jobs. Yeah, I go to school. Take care of my friend. You know, I'm one of the quote unquote a law-abiding black citizen
But you're the one that's good. Yeah, I'm a good Negro
Oh boy, that's good. They like you boys being good and obedient. Yes, sir. We look now. We're not see white people
We're keeping my place. Yeah, but basically
You look like a little bit get on one knee
Go pick some cotton have a great weekend. Yes, sir. All right. You need a five
There's a good old boy. He'd be knowing his place, right? Yeah
That's the way we like it now. We're talking some sense
5 6 7 0 5 60 there's this thing with the phone
I'm gonna tell you something it is so effing unacceptable. It's just it's mind-boggling it is
So it's just the basic rudiment of sitting here and doing a job and this man comes in here the other day and stands there and looks at me and goes
Yeah, just like that just like that
And I look at him and I'm thinking of myself. I work for this
I would say this is the matter signs by check, but he don't sign anybody's check. Let him sign a check. No, no, he makes a little squiggle on it
In fact, he must be using our tea room down the hall there are two ones in a walker
They saw that table squiggle on a wall. He's doing graffiti not to maybe he's practicing
20 before two at five sixty WQA
Gordon did South Florida a major blowjob. All right
And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush
Today
America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory
You're right to be here in Nevada
South Carolina Nevada
I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker
Don't say that the ignorant worker all over the world
Never have worked today my entire life
Hands smooth
Silky palm oil you're soaking in it
Let's go to the next question
Yes, sir. Yeah, where you going to go now? What up? Good question. The important
Substinative marijuana legalization
No
Absolutely not
cocaine
Yes
He's in mean heroin probably
financial and that I mean without a doubt
We'll add a doubt now you
Thanks for asking first thing I'd like to do see me one up close not too close no touching
Perhaps maybe get a lot what can I get a lot
I sure don't we go thank you very much we got a guy
George W. Bush 146 wait to hear this one and I wish I had a better copy this but thanks anyway
Lisa there the effects is pretty weak but all I work my way through it says it's hard to imagine the music of
Malayan goth shocker Marilyn Manson and pop being both the backstreet boys having much in common
But apparently both acts all fall into the category unfit for young years at least in San Antonio
For students from the private Sonny Brook Christian Academy have been suspended from school for attending a backstreet
Boyz concert last week at the Alamo dome the students were busted for brick in a school rule barring involvement with inappropriate music
School administrator Tuti Perez told the AP
The backstreet boys have some good music she said but some of the music I've been told has certain sexual references
For as an I've been told she says certain sexual references that's not the message we want to convey to our young people
We want the message of sexual abstinence
So students at this good Christian school suspended for going to a backstreet boys concert. Oh, how do you like that?
God
Give me a break and if they want abstinence then they should probably go to a Jessica Simpson and Nick
What's his name concert what's his name? Blackie
Oh, we're not talking I didn't say blackie. I said lackey
Yeah, with all the heavy breathing that he's doing in there
That I mean he sings right but boy he sure breeds heavy lie you know I'm saying yeah
I sure know that
Believe me here's a crawl spring. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
To say first off about doubly do right doubly do right with definitely unlocking bull when
Anybody knows that of course and the other thing is is that you know
We're hearing what a phone of action all day you know about from every on my norany
But I wonder what about us bags. I mean we don't get any special treatment. I mean, right. We can't we can't we can't even marry
I want to say look to yourself up by the bootstrap so of course in our case
We don't have to because when you can floor already you got an advantage exactly we got a head start so to speak exactly and
Just one more thing about that Christian school and uh and I say Antonio did you yeah, they can all kiss my rectum for all I care
I mean that's the most blow to bull crap I've ever heard okay
Get that banding of what the hell is that and say hi to Nick. Oh definitely. Okay. Bye
Uh-huh
Can't us must macho Nick Lackie or Nick Carter. That's our poor question of the moment
Oh, I'll tell you one thing Nick Lackie sure breeds hard to help out that so she's in the absence
Maybe they just do heavy breathing either those two. Huh? They just breathe a lot on each other. Do you think she's ever seen it? No, that's it. No
Well, what does that mean she's in the abstinence that Jessica Simpson bitch
Every time I see her that's where I think of myself. I think two things what a waste in that bitch
Here's my any hello
My any
Okay, we don't have time to dittle around with these people. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey nail. Yes, sir
I went to a I went to a
predominantly black school for high school in Holland, and
And uh, I mean the people there there's people that sit there and pass and straight on on football and
Gossip and hanging out on the street on Friday night. Yeah smoking their 40s
There's people there, you know, I mean obviously I'm not racist. I've went to obviously
Dominantly black schools. You know some of my best friends are black and go until universities now. I've seen a couple
UCF and and you know, there'd be some kids and they don't speak with I be doing this I can do in that right
You know and the most respect to people in the country don't speak that way of course not and let me tell you
I mean these people that complain that they don't have anything
Well, you know, let them go speak to somebody that does and see how they did in school and see if they worked on their class work
I mean these kids that go to school they don't do anything and they want everything to be handed to
and and my other point is uh
You go back to you know like the depression of the country, you know
The Roosevelt put in all these programs to
To help, you know, both of the economy to help bring it up
But eventually you have to get rid of them and you know
I mean at first you got rid of them and and the economy failed again
But eventually you got rid of them and you know, I mean we had to stand up and everybody survived
Everybody's gonna stand up on their own thing. It's it. I mean you got it. Just keep putting them on the crutch eventually
You just gotta you know, you just gotta let it go and
These people that you know the ones that really want to survive and that want to move up in the world that are black
They're gonna make it. They just gotta do it. They gotta do the part
That's it. Thank you. Okay pal
Just like what's his name says, uh, you know if you want to uh if you uh don't be speaking right
You're all gonna be real light. Nobody says
That uh that guy out there, you know that Johnny Coquering that guy
There's another classic example for him now. He's got 14 tv shows and uh playing a race car
They're doing the uh bad black power so look see this is all crap that we're going through right now
All crap
And we have a whole segment of this population that thinks that was wonderful that oh json's and got away with killin those two honkeys
It was great because now payback is a bitch. I mean what kind of twisted warped sick disgusting hateful mentality is that
Except for the worst the worst
Ultra right wing Ku Klux Klan quote-wearing asshole
What kind of person wasn't grossed out by the lynching of that poor black guy in Texas that was dragged behind to pick up truck
All I would say 99 and 9 10% of people in this country would agree that was one of the most disgusting things and they've ever seen or heard out
Only the real ultra ultra bigoted disgusting racist pigs would have been the
Handslapped on that crap and yet with oh j well see we got a whole bunch of people got to make up for crap no more making up
Okay, everybody get a brain and cut the bull crap
And settle like somebody owes you this and I owe the I don't know nobody nothing and by the way stand where's my two grand
schmuck
152 at 560 WQF
The can't be worse than fourth in the biggest do you understand you agree with that?
That's not my question right now the standing
Hey, Jeff you ever shut up and listen
Go ahead sports radio 560 Q a F I don't believe it
Yes
You can take your cross
It's a lot of both the times
Hey
Come
Oh
Yes
I
But it says it's great, deficit, deficit, deficit.
It's not the way, it's ours.
Right, right, right, right, out.
Watch the movie.
Move the two pieces.
It's not the way.
It's not the way.
It's not the way.
This is the latest thing.
But get the health of that disease.
Ooh, thank you.
It's helpful, right, to see.
This is not the way.
It's up to people to need to like.
Who knows you may even find.
Do you like it, Henry's hide?
This is the hideaway.
Welcome.
This is the distance.
Everybody who breaks a cage.
Yeah, this is the distance.
This is the hide and tell me the why.
Please follow us.
Where's life?
Life.
