It's Monday.
Hi!
Oh God Friday, it's so far away!
Here I'm trapped in this office to stay.
I feel like crap, cos it's Monday.
Hey!
As a little too tough, how does it feel pal?
Has you tried?
Seems wasn't out.
Just had a big burrito with me and rice.
Sauce on top with some extra spice.
Lots of extra spice.
I'm staring at that throw with the hand and having.
Shadowful seat, thought I was ready.
Working out, drop, poison reading the news.
Working on a pile move.
Trying to move the back of the side through food.
Working on a pile move.
It was taken time.
I was.
Pulse of last night tried to make some thunder.
I'm all with a teeth, a sad wonder.
Stomach reading the magazine from 1962.
Yet I'm waiting for a pile move.
Cos I'm all about it from Jesus turned a glue.
Rain for a pile move.
I'm out of paper here.
Pulse of last night tried to make some thunder.
I'm out of paper here.
I'm out of paper here.
I'm out of paper here.
I'm out.
10-03 is brought to be broadcasting 560 WKAM.
So anyway, I must thank everybody for the 4,000 books that I have on the irritable
ballast syndrome, which is also known by the way as Spastic Column.
How come this overhead is so screwed up?
How come it's so low?
Oh, there you go.
I don't know.
The assholes keep coming in here, pocking around with a guy named Settings
on everything.
You think that might be the reason?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
But at any rate, I don't even want to talk about the technical stuff in this studio.
You can't complain about the technical expertise of the beadlies because they don't have any.
Because there are a bunch of cheap...
What's that F word with an S at the end?
60 billion books I have about irritable ballast syndrome.
And one of the things that I've discovered, besides the fact it's also called Spastic Column.
I'm going to refer to myself as Spastic Neal from now on.
Neal God!
Right.
One of the things I'm discovering is that one of the main reasons besides diet and some
specific foods that occasionally can flare up your tissues is chronic stress.
Chronic stress.
Oh my God.
Huh?
Do I have stress in my house?
No.
With my dog?
No.
Huh?
Outside of this building?
No.
Where do you think that stress might be coming from?
You don't think it could be from the greasel you do yet?
Uh-huh.
And Greg Reed, that line piece of turd.
But before we get into that.
Here's a...
Oh, there's that beeping again.
Yeah, we got all kinds of beeping and popping.
Let's take a call here.
I said we go from...
Oh, listen to that.
They're right off the bat.
It's the line one.
You hear that?
See, now I'm going to take calls.
I was going to go do no phones today, but because of the fact that technically everything
is so screwed up in here.
I said, let's go ahead and give it a shot and see how the phone sounds.
Listen to that one.
Right off the bat.
That's line one.
Woo!
Heavy duty, baby.
And the last call there made me want to cry.
Just because I wasn't listening and I usually don't listen.
I don't have time to pass you around with it.
Morning show.
But the last call with Danny and Danny again.
Are we still on that crap?
Jesus Christ.
See, that's what's so...
God damn frustrating about this town along with all the other crap.
Talk about a horse in buggy.
One note Charlie's like I said on Friday.
Same old tire grip.
And the one big story.
Forget about alien.
Forget about the Danny boy.
The one the most positive exciting thing around this town is the Panthers.
And David J. Nealex forks over to Harold.
Which by the way I noticed at this morning, the sun sent him right there.
Hockey stuff on page 13.
And the Harold is on page 12.
And don't even mention that the Panthers exist.
That came on Saturday.
Now the first period was kind of slow.
Even though we had that beautiful goal with the...
Instead of Danny and Jimmy, they ought to be doing the Burian Whitney and Whitney and Burian.
That's what everybody ought to be talking about.
But David J. Nealex hanked a task in Saturday's Harold in the Fish Rapper.
Because Hank was talking about it.
First of all, Hank would be the first one to admit to he.
He doesn't know squat about hockey.
He would tell you that.
But I heard him with my very own ears on Friday saying that that's the only sports thing going on in this town that's worth it anybody even thinking about now.
And it's phenomenal on how come they're not selling it out.
We had our biggest cry of the year Saturday and we sell it out.
Oh. 700 empty seats, unsold tickets.
Not bad, but it's an improvement.
I mean, here's something so great going on.
And David J. Nealex, I hate to break the news to you.
You cannot can't call you want.
But where was your story about the correcting Goldberg?
It was on page 12.
The same place that the rest of the guy they have a story about the Panthers big win and overtime against the Bruins Saturday was in yesterday's fish rapper.
Page 12 buried.
So if you wonder, you see this is the way it's always been here.
They got their own agenda in our local newspapers, whatever they like, whatever they care about, whatever they know about.
That's what they'll promote.
Anything that they don't really have any vested interest in promoting, they'll bury it as in page 12.
And how come there's no big color picture of Palm, Albert,
going to win and going overtime on a front page of the sports section yesterday to guide Amaro, huh?
And the rest of this town, there's no hope.
And I don't have any delusions that I'm going to change anybody's opinion, but you know something I don't give a crap.
It's like food.
It's like fish food.
I know how good that stuff tastes.
If you'd rather have vanilla ice cream, fine.
Leaves more of the good stuff for the rest of us.
But please don't try to insult me and tell me that the vanilla ice cream is better because there's more people who eat it.
There's more people who eat them.
McDonald's, too, than Ruth Chris, but I got news for you.
Okay.
It's not, is it a close contest?
No, no.
You want a good piece of meat?
You don't go to McDonald's and there's nothing like a good piece of meat.
God, here is something so great, so sensational.
Go on this town and instead, you know, Danny and Danny and the players want to buy Danny and Danny.
How can there be so many stupid, myopic little people in one place?
And and and and and Hank didn't just, you know, he said it years ago.
Of course he heard me say it first, but nevertheless we both been saying for years.
This is a bush-league town.
That's why they don't fill up the stadiums in the arenas that keep spending taxpayers money to build them,
but they don't fill it up.
No matter what, even when the prices were not rages, they still weren't filling them up.
This is a phantom existence this place.
This is reality.
It's phantom.
It's makefully.
It's La La land.
And you finally get something good and great and exciting going on and, you know, and nobody,
nobody even knows what they're you're talking about.
Nobody has any idea what I'm talking about.
Because the media here, well, I got there, like I said, agenda.
They're more concerned about alien on this and alien on that.
Alien just farted and didn't smell too good and grandma did this and grandma said that and the other grandma,
who gives a crap?
Except those silly people out there the other night with their goddamn rotting teeth.
For you, Dennis downtown, I just then hex got a little tooth problem this morning.
He's not going to be doing this show in Atlanta.
Today he's going to be in the studio and then Atlanta, the rest of the week hopefully for the Super Bowl.
But the Dennis in this town, you ought to be right down there in a little vanity.
You can make a fortune because you talk about bad teeth, even the British are laughing.
They're embarrassed by the scene that they saw out there, all those old fossils with their goddamn yellow teeth rotting out of their mouths.
I seriously, I looked like it looked like a scene from some backwards place in Mexico is what they look like to me.
This is exactly what it looked like, like some old fishing village in Mexico.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We're sick, it's hard of it.
Okay, those of us with a brain, I'm not going to let my life get dragged down by this crap in this town.
I'm not going to have a spastic hole in the rest of my life because of Greg Reath or because of a bunch of crazy old Cubanos who all
ain't who was the same old.
I'm tired.
Schmidt doesn't affect my life in any way, shape or form.
Couldn't care less.
No interest.
Sorry for the baby Jesus or the baby Moses.
Now he's the baby Moses.
Oh, yeah, the sea parted.
Have you spell that?
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission.
No, QAM deeply we acquisition core.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
He's more than six feet tall.
Place from back in fall.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him back there.
He's gone away.
People love him cause he isn't out but gone.
Did I mention that he isn't out but gone?
He played for the next.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out but gone.
Not out go.
Not out go.
Not out go.
Yeah, he's not out go.
I'll say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cause he's not boring out but gone.
Not out go.
Not really.
155.60 WQ.
I don't know what they're wasting all their time with these primaries because we already
know it's going to be Bush and Gore and it'll be closer to most people think but Bush
will still probably win because Gore is boring and that's it.
Oh, I will say this if Bush keeps moving further and further to the right and keeps embracing
all these right wing anti-abortion hysterical.
You know what people I'm talking about.
Pretty interesting.
And when you come right down to it to show you how stupid this whole system is and why
nobody anywhere outside of Iowa New Hampshire cares because what is Iowa New Hampshire?
You have to do with anything anyway.
Because Iowa representative of the rest of the country is New Hampshire with those crusty
there were like one step away from those crusty main people.
Did they represent anything?
No.
Two little pitily ass states.
What's a combined population about 500 people in those two states, something like that and
a whole bunch of cows in Iowa?
And a lot of corn.
I think Diffle would like it.
There's a lot of corn near.
He could relate to it.
But God, what a pile of schmit.
Oh, the Iowa caucuses.
And you see how the caucuses work where they go to libraries in each other's homes and
if people are in favor of this candidate, they sit over here against the wall and the
ones who are in favor of the other candidate.
They sit like over by the fireplace and one to one the side and they sit around in a big
circle and have a circle jerk.
And yeah, that's true.
They move to a different part of the room depending on which candidate they for.
They before.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's about for Ellen keys.
Self hating spook.
Oh, aren't you impressed with Ellen keys?
No.
No, I'm not.
He's a black gerry bowler.
That's all.
He's a black papa bowler.
Only he's still alive and that's the sad part.
He's a piece of crap.
Oh, Christ in this and Liberty.
Liberty, Liberty, Liberty, Liberty.
Liberty, Liberty, Liberty.
God, if I have to hear that one more goddamn time from a bunch of crazy old Cubans with bad
teeth, I am so sick and nauseated with the yellow teeth rotting out of their festering
mouths.
Get out of here.
Go back where you came from.
Okay.
Go give to the hell to the fedel.
Get out of our face and take the baby Moses Jesus with you.
Let us live our goddamn lives in peace.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Mobile and bokeh is gone.
Okay.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How did those take the alien back and drop you off in Key West?
Okay.
Great.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
You see why I said on Friday we're going to take any calls today.
Here's Davy.
Hi.
Neil, I just wanted to let you know that I'm listening to your show on the computer at
school right now.
Yes, sir.
And we're we have a substitute.
I've always wanted to call you in and we love your show and I just wanted to let you
know what the Broward County schools are getting into because they're just not doing
good right now.
Yeah.
And and all the teachers are terrible and and yeah, other teachers are terrible and
that our teacher doesn't teach and but but right now he's taken the day off to play golf
and he's we're not learning the damn thing.
Yeah.
What do you learn?
I'm about a great talent is what he's playing golf.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll take black and off.
Okay, pal.
Go back in there like you said, whack off and have a great day.
Oh, God.
Woo.
Heavy duty, baby.
What did I tell you on Friday, but I'm just doing the phone thing for an exercise because
I want to make sure it's like line seven.
Line seven wasn't doing too good here on the Friday last time I checked.
Now, we get oh, please look at that and then the beeping is starting in.
Line seven sounds to be like it's got some real problems there we get, doesn't it?
Doesn't sound like a box.
It doesn't.
No.
Sounds okay to you.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
I don't know.
I'm like, hey, what is it?
I don't know.
Yeah.
It sounds to be like it.
That's a little problem on it.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a, we're talking about spastic
cool and they do a lot of spastic people out there.
And like I said, I don't even know what I bang my head against the wall for.
I should just come here and play Indian numeralities every day and just take the check and run.
Because this, this place is oblivious.
It's unbelievable to me.
You just a bunch of one dimensional long kids live in this town.
90% of them.
That's all they know is the same old repetitive crap over and over again.
And what's up?
The good happen here.
Does anybody talk about it?
No.
It's alien.
It's an alien on that.
And I'm going to tell you channel seven news.
I'm going to program that out of my TV set.
Channel seven.
I don't need that goddamn channel.
I'm just programming it right out.
Matter of fact, there's a big thing in the Ascent Central and right on the front page.
Satellite service making waves.
Keyboard cable TV firms encountering formidable rival, which I've been telling you about for a long time.
But they're finally catching on.
Now that you got your local affiliates on there on the satellite, people are saying to the cable.
And they're discovering there's eight million other channels they can watch instead of your stupid local channels.
And instead of those crazy people hyperventilating on channel seven.
Every time it is somebody far over there in a little Havana.
But I'm out there sitting there.
Bapapapa floating around and of course most of them over there float around anyway outside the building.
But that's beside the point.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You got one great sensational thing going on sports wise in this town.
And that's the Pavel and Ray and the Whitney and Burry and the Panthers unbelievable sensational.
And these people like I told you before if you took a picture of Pavel Burry, even even in uniform.
And you walked around in the malls and you said who is this you know what they would say you know what the response would be.
Yeah exactly.
Lazy lazy one dimensional well we don't know nothing about that.
That's just not our thing you know we're just all we know is Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Yeah that's why I touch a goddamn boring town man.
This is the most pathetic dreadful boring place on the face of the earth.
Even at little fishing village in Mexico over those people with a bad teeth came from even that's probably more exciting.
At least somebody's probably getting laid there.
Here's the lady in Del Rey Beach hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Friday you had a conversation about a Dr. Sano for a back.
I was driving and I was unable.
About what?
About Dr. Sano who handled the back.
Somebody went to him for their back and they they said he was marvelous.
And I didn't have a panhandi.
Yeah.
I was driving.
Would you still have that name and a number or something?
Nothing.
No.
All right.
Do you know if he was in Miami or?
No.
No.
He's in New York.
Dr. Sano is in New York.
Uh huh.
Well that takes care of that.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Have a good day Neil.
Go panties.
Go panties.
Go panties.
Go panties.
Go panties.
Go to the bathroom.
Okay.
Go alien.
Go home.
Alien.
Go home.
Neil you had this doctor on and he was talking about colitis and about twisted tissues and we had twisted cisteron.
Yeah.
That's what I'm going to do.
You know, I enjoy that the best.
I'm going back to those good old days with a geriatric test.
Let's get a lot of doctors on and nutritionists.
Hello doctor.
I got a blue rectum.
What do I do doctor?
My toilet bowl is blue around the age and they're from the tidy bowl man doctor.
Yeah.
What a boring god damn place.
5670560.
Com 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
You got me Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm a good American, I love my country.
But if those politicians in Washington vote to make this get a citizen it's a disgraceful day in our country when 600 other people.
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
Yes.
Why are you worried about that little boy?
What do you care about?
Well I just think why?
Why are you concerned about it?
Why are you wasting your energy?
Why are you getting agitated about it?
You sound like a boy.
You sound agitated about it.
I just want to teach people to intimidate this whole country.
No, they're not intimidating the whole country.
They're only intimidating a few people here in the country.
All right.
I hope so Neil.
I hope so.
Okay.
Thank you.
Calm down.
All right.
Okay.
You'll feel a lot better.
This guy, he's going to have IBS any second now.
How you can smell it?
Yeah.
I think he's already got irritable, spastic colon.
You know, I've said about these crazy, but like I tried to tell you sir, please take my advice.
You live a lot longer.
Don't get stressed out by assholes.
Don't you understand sir what I'm telling you?
It'll take years off your life.
He's like, you can tell in the tone of his voice.
He's all whipped up into a friend.
He's pissed off and fired up.
Just say, Pavela, Whitney and Burry and Burry and Whitney.
That's all you need to say seriously.
"'Bury and Whitney with me and Burry.'
There's something exciting going on.
Something we can be enthused about.
Instead of getting dragged down,
a drag you down to their level."
And I'm not going to get dragged down to that level.
They can take that little kid and stuff off their ass.
I don't give a crap about Aion.
About the jack...
custom Etsy and whatever he's a tornado.
Would a Jetty Attitudeators
you guys out there all your Anglo guys and charges, too.
Don't hang out with no Cuban chicks, okay?
I'll talk to that right now.
a little valley girl the most disgusting obnoxious,
impurious, even more arrogant than the Jamaican women.
How do you like that?
Y'all like that.
And that's saying a lot.
I never thought I could say that, but I just did.
And the rule got off my tongue in the words too.
Errogant obnoxious disgusting.
Jappy valley girlish.
That's for you Mary Lisa's and your big fat disgusting mouth.
That that that that that that that that he drinking all this milk.
Great. I bet you they got cows in the in Cuba too honey.
Yeah, I bet you they got a few cows over there and they probably
look better than you sweetheart.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You got Burry and Whitney and Whitney and Burry excitement going on in the Macarena.
A sensational evening there Saturday.
Probably the only exciting thing that's happened in this town in ages.
And they and these people know anything about it.
No, no.
Was you back on a hockey crap again man?
Is you been at crap again?
Yeah, I'm on that crap and by the way I feel pretty good today.
It's better the fact coming in here this morning.
Find out all the lights were out.
We had to go flip a circuit breakers and the stand on our head.
We're still flipping things in here.
Got little noise makers going off in a background.
We got the inside phone.
Don't work the outside phone.
Some of it works.
Some of it doesn't.
But am I going to let that make my colon twist?
No.
You bet your sweet ass I'm not.
Because Greg Reed and I want to be leaves.
They're not worth getting yourself sick over.
I'll take it that right now and just knowing I'm glad I spent all that money on those tests.
Just knowing that I don't have some gigantic or even little teeny tiny tumor growing inside my aging body.
It's kind of like worth a piece of mine.
Spend it on that money when you got it.
Oh, yes it is.
20 26 past 10.
At 560 WQM, we're whipped up to a friend today, baby.
Audio all Cuban.
Baffongola.
Up your ass.
Goodbye.
Screw you.
Go away.
The Panthers host the Red Hot New Scrolls.
Oh, yeah.
The Battle of the Vision leaders.
Wind St. I.
Join the new Voice of the Panthers.
Sixth Donald Donald.
Four.
Ooh.
The action.
Panthers previews.
Start the seven.
Here on Sports Radio 560 Q&A.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
Where the guys who did that sound.
What the girls of song.
And someone said that we couldn't do a song.
Do a song.
That was a dumb.
I like to use this a bite with a sock.
It's quite a foul.
Johnny Adventure.
I eat, ate, sit, and on one leg.
It's this Donald.
It's this Donald.
A bite right, right, right, right, right.
And a goblet bench.
Yeah.
A movement making these heads.
The beef in the song that is no better.
They went down there.
And scratched my butt with unnail fire.
Hit the knowing what's surrounding.
Guys, you were always fit on the man the peels.
My mom said, let's make a deal.
A weird cut that can't be underneath the eye list.
That's only better, don't know.
True.
I'm the kid.
So keep it by a dog.
Keep it, keep it, keep it has baby.
Everything's fit to eat not the only baby.
And just the other day I got a cane, casserole.
Do you think Bill Bradley can't beat our boss?
I think the first rhyme that comes to my head.
I'm a big fan of right-sets, Fred.
I can email on my brand new computer.
People who drive to work are committed.
The other white meat is better known as pork.
Sing this song, make me sound like a stalker.
I give a little bit of time.
I'm out running this.
I believe it.
It's this.
It's this.
It's so beautiful.
I've got this song.
I'm so good with it.
That's right, it's down there.
I'm gonna go out there and say, I look bad, but you've picked.
And let me see.
It wasn't me.
I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
10, 32, 5, 50 WQM something.
I'm sitting there, minding my own business.
Enjoying the hockey game.
And it comes to the end of the first period,
so tonight is a Macarena.
And it's over to me, comes this guy, which I know I'd seen him before.
I saw him a year ago, which wasn't long enough ago.
And this guy has something to do with like, I don't know.
Some make believe radio station.
He works for, or I wanted to work for,
or once did or something like that.
A guy would say like, I don't know, 38, 40 years,
whatever the hell he is.
And a guy comes up to me, and of course,
once he starts talking, I remember the experience
I had last year, exactly the same.
He comes, and this is between periods.
It's on the half of the people
are out there getting on their cell phones
and getting food and doing whatever.
So it's not like real crowded noise in there.
And he comes up to me and stands three inches away.
You know, that's on the screen
that your engineer can't figure out.
You shouldn't have to work with us.
And he's screaming into my ear.
And the people who sit in front of me
are looking around like, give me a look like Jesus Christ.
How can you tolerate that?
You know, that chief engineer is,
I mean, Greg Reed isn't a firm himself.
So he should bear that goddamn, I didn't.
And I'm thinking, yeah, you got a point with that.
But I'm not deaf.
And don't ever come anywhere near me again.
You crazy person, you.
How come I'm such a nice guy?
You know, how come I don't say,
get the F out of here, you crazy person.
You're screaming in my ear, you're burst in my ear.
I'm not exaggerating.
He was standing like three inches away.
Remember those films of Edison, you know,
say goodbye, say goodbye with a big horn, you know,
because he was deaf as a bat.
My hearing is very good, okay?
You got it.
You crazy person.
Just shouting into my ear.
Well, that was my one visit for the year I can see again
next year.
No, I don't think so.
No, because if I see a coming,
I'll all of a sudden, nature will be called.
I have to take a quick move.
Even if I just do it in the hallway out there,
just to get away from you.
You crazy person you.
Here's a mobile and point and B, Chela.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Okay, sorry about that.
Just a couple of things.
So that's a panzer game over in Tampa Bay
and over in Atlanta.
And let me tell you, there's a lot of fans up there.
They just don't have to have a better following
out of the area or in the area.
Meaning what does that mean?
Well, basically, I had a ton of fans over in Tampa Bay.
Maybe just all the Floridians facing to the north.
They start watching the games up there.
Well, how many are you talking about?
Maybe a couple of thousands?
Not talking the Tampa Bay arena had,
I'd say about a third of it with Floridians fans.
Yeah, I've done that.
No, believe it or not, it was kind of kind of,
it might have been the orange.
Also, three thousand, I mean, a third of it,
they're only getting nine, 10,000 people
actually showing up in the seats.
Actually, I only had 7,000 night game moves.
Yeah, like that.
So like I said, 2,000.
Good point.
Anyway, take another part for you.
When I was over in Tampa, I heard you're talking about,
not Tampa for Myers, the alien story
or the family story new times.
I cannot find that article anywhere.
Is there any way you might have an extra copy?
No, I don't have an extra copy,
but it's on page seven.
It's the January 20th to 26th new times.
I got it right in front of me here.
You do have it on the screen, huh?
What page is it?
Page seven?
Page seven.
No page, yeah, page seven.
I got it right here.
Metro a family portrait.
I'll be able to find the president.
Meet Luis and who's a seat.
Alien Gonzalez is my cousin,
just a couple of good old fashioned American criminals.
You'll love it.
I think they let's appreciate you showing your old today.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
And go, pal,
Mel Burian Whitney and Whitney and Burian.
Burian Whitney and Whitney and Burian.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
That's what you ought to be screaming about.
Instead of this tired old-style stuff.
I'd rather hear about alien than about Danny and Jimmy
than rather crook than hear about alien again.
How do you like that?
I'd rather have twisting, oozing bowel movements
than hear about goddamn alien and grandma
and papacita and mamacita and LC it and all this other crap.
I'd rather hear about seed teaser than LC it.
Don't you folks understand it,
especially you crazy people in local media,
the most of the majority of us are gagging on this crap already.
We're gagging on it.
That's right.
We're gonna have to barf all over your goddamn newspapers
and TV news.
We don't care.
It doesn't affect our lives.
It's small potatoes, it's meaningless.
There's 80 million little kids out there.
Their kids getting beaten and raped and abused
by their parents, by their uncles and stepfathers
and all other kind of does anybody care about them?
No.
Does anybody make it a big fuss about them?
No.
Because they didn't float up here on a rubber raft.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT.
Don't take it personal, alien, unless you want to.
Just go home.
Soon, go home.
Bye-bye.
See that big plane in the sky?
Hop on, is though.
And by the way, speaking of Chris Moore, that moron,
rumor has it.
I heard from several people in the game center today.
Moron.
Yeah.
Who's in town to do the game on ESPN?
That Boog Shamby, or on Big Fat Boog Shamby,
had him on a show the other night
and was sucking his ass on the air?
Oh, yeah.
This place is so full of suckle of this radio station.
These sports there, it's pathetic.
Christine and Moore, which by the way,
they announced that they made a special announcement.
They put them up on the screen, mostly booze.
Very little response, little spattering, and mostly booze.
God, they did the game here for six years
in his own pathetic way, the worst ever.
Plus being an asshole.
It's one thing if you're bad at what you do,
but if you're a nice guy, then it's a different story.
But if you're bad at what you do,
plus you're a real vindictive, miserable prick, like he is.
And I also hear part of the conversation
was about, well, you know, some of the broadcasters
in this town were ripping the Brian Murray.
And wanting to get his ass fired, of course,
obviously, reference to me.
But then I find out that Chris Moore
off the air, the two-faced prick that he is,
with more critical Brian Murray than what I was.
See, I'm not an ass sucker.
Like I said, Friday, if somebody does a good job,
I'll give them all a credit in the world.
If they do a crappy job, I'll rip their ass.
And in the case of the Murray, that's exactly what I did.
I call him as I see him.
I don't sit around and suck ass.
And be a shield like he did on that morning's show.
And he's morning guys still don't have any self-respect
about that.
They still suck up to him.
Very sad.
Find out people with any self-respect
when any God damn balls in this town is like,
looking at it, looking for needle in a haystack.
Gotta get a surge party.
Sucky, sucky, sucky, sucky, that's all they know man.
Just get that tongue out there and lick.
In any direction you can.
Even the boogster.
My brother.
22 before 11 in 5, 60 WQM.
Only one South Florida radio station has the habit
of staying.
You're listening to it.
At Goldberg, weekday afternoons at two.
Sports radio 560, QAM.
That's funny is so large.
I don't think he has ever seen the buttmaster
but dated his wife.
She roamed an ancient mythical land wearing putty armor,
taking names and kicking butt.
But in the quiet moments, a loaded camp she was plagued
by anxiety.
I see you.
What if that guy had friends and they come after me?
What if I got out of provisions out here?
Oh, what if I'm tightcapped of the left man?
Christina, worry your princess.
I need to get out of here.
How to handle a funnel attack at dawn
by a bunch of heathens in fake fur with Australian accent.
Come here, watch this life.
Just to take the high down.
But Christina, worry your princess.
Couldn't handle a panic attack at midnight
by a bunch of nagging doubts.
Oh, my outfit doesn't fit right since the baby.
Oh, I think I'm starting to walk like a girl.
Oh no, now even I think I'm a lesbian.
Sing now.
What were your princess?
Right after some other show whose time you can never remember.
Oh, God, I hope we don't take candles.
1042 at 560 WDQM 567 O560, Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless
line, Whitney and Burray and Burray and Whitney.
Here's a fact that really boils my ass.
Neil, I'm tired of people complaining
there's no support for the panthers.
I love hockey.
I play hockey.
I love the panthers.
They'll have 10 minutes from the entrance center.
But they priced me out.
And I make over 70K.
OK?
A lower bowl, C to 67 bucks.
I will not sit in Panther Packer Rapper level.
Throw in parking and refreshments.
And it's easily 100 bucks a night.
I can afford maybe two games of your water shame.
Well, let me say this to you.
I'm going to stick in there to hear that.
Because first of all, the game is almost all of them except one
or two are on television for free.
So if you can only afford to go once or twice a year,
I do understand that.
But you think that there'd be enough different people
to go who'd be anxious, who'd be lined up at the door
to see the display that's going on there,
and especially Paul Vell Burray.
Just like when I came back last year from vacation in Europe,
and I read about the news I saw in USA the day run,
CNN or whatever, the Florida Panthers
make the trade with Vancouver to get Paul Vell Burray.
And I'm like squeezing myself.
I'm so excited.
And I come back here and I come on a year
and you know what the response is?
Yeah.
And I'm not talking about having to pay to go see it.
You can see it for free on television.
And be enthused about it and talk about it
and get excited about it.
Is this town enthused?
Are they talking about it?
No, it's the same old boring swill, the same Schmidt.
Let's face it, folks.
Most of you are bearing.
Terminal.
Nero, little lives.
Just like an amoeba just inside a little tiny hole.
Braco.
Yeah, that one.
God.
Gotta expand your horizons soon or later in the morning.
You have to branch out just like they see in a rag house
but you gotta try new things.
Well, these people try new things.
No, they're one dimensional.
Horse and buggy effing town.
5, 6, 7, 05.
And of course, my job is to try to rattle these people
every goddamn day, five days a week of my life
and get them off their ass.
Look at that.
Look at how pathetic that is.
Week.
We got scintillating crap going on in this town.
And maybe 1% of even what the hell I'm talking about.
Well, Whitney and Brewery.
But what's that Eli Whitney?
He invented the, what do you invent the goddamn poster?
Did he?
Yeah, the pop up poster for your goddamn pop tarts.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Somebody needs to light a fire under your asses out there.
That's why those old Cubans run this town
because the rest of you are in a coma.
That's the problem.
Yeah.
They got all the politicians by the purse rings
because the rest of you people are in a coma somewhere
and let a few hundred assholes destroy this whole town.
Chase everybody out of here.
The Latin Grammys, the Pan-Anne games,
the Junior Pan-Anne games, anybody with a brain.
Are they coming here?
No.
No.
Because they don't want to have a whole scene
in the middle of the street every time they try to do something
that are a handful of a few hundred assholes don't like.
And the rest of the public here sits back at our haunches
and just be out exactly with their hand firmly
squeezed around it, hoping something might happen.
Here's a mobile and water hill.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Maybe can help me with a couple hockey questions.
The current Stanley Cup champions, the Dallas stars,
they were originally the Minnesota Norse stars.
Is that correct?
Yes.
When did they become Dallas, the Praxon?
Oh, I don't know a few years ago.
I don't remember what the year was, 91, something like that.
It definitely was not in the seventh.
Of course not.
Early 80s possible?
No.
I didn't think so.
Early 90s.
That's what I thought.
So they would have left Minnesota somewheres and...
What their vanges it may make?
Oh, just a little walk.
No, 93.
The year is 93.
I'm looking at David J. Schwarz's,
I was close, 93.
All right.
What their vanges it may make?
No difference to me whatsoever.
So then why are you asking me the question?
Because I knew you'd know the answer.
I don't know how, okay.
See, there's another brilliant call.
It makes no difference to him,
but why?
I knew you'd know the answer.
Does anybody out there care about that?
No.
Is it interesting?
No.
Is it amazing to know what I'm talking about?
No.
Is it a real hockey question?
No.
Is it not even a real anything question?
Sir, you're an idiot.
You're another moron.
You're another no-life.
Try to have a conversation about something
you know nothing about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I'm serious.
I'm going to get, now that I feel you know
so I got my energy back.
Now that I got my IBS out of control,
and I do most of it is stress,
and then also the eating,
and don't ask me by the way,
what I think about the Atkins diet.
Now I got a new book,
but I don't want to talk too much about it
until I mean two or three days
isn't enough to really evaluate.
But I got me a new book.
Atkins work great for some people.
If it works for you,
more power to it.
Is it work for me?
No.
And it sure doesn't work for my gut.
All that meat and cheese and cheese and meat you know,
it just does it work for me?
No. No way.
Fiber baby, low fat, but high fiber.
That's in fact it's called the even Larry King likes the book
which is why I almost didn't buy it.
Don't need to see that.
Yeah, he endorsed it on the front cover.
I thought boy, if he likes it, it must be a bogus.
But so far a couple of days,
I lost a couple of pounds.
I'm feeling good.
I got rid of most of my symptoms here.
It's called the 20 fat, 30 fiber.
I can't think of the name of it.
I'll bring it in a box.
And it makes sense to me.
Of course the problem is you get all these books.
And in one book they say,
oh yeah, all these grains and everything.
You know, prehistoric man didn't need all that stuff.
And then you get another book and oh yeah,
this is where it's really at
because you got to have the fiber to sweep all that crap through
and keep your inner, it's clean, etc.
All I know is that my inner's are beautiful right now.
They are so clean.
Oh, they're a lot.
I'm serious.
You could take a search party up and through there
and they'd say, oh, this is,
this even smells good in here.
This is lovely.
I'm telling you.
With all the cleaning out,
I've had a last couple of weeks.
When it's out, it's cleaning it out.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Hey, how's it going?
Listen, I have a question for you.
Yeah.
You're saying how come people don't stand up
to the cubas and all that?
Well, I got a proposition.
Yeah.
What are you actually listening to if somebody
who worked for somebody who's not cuba in Miami?
Did they got work?
Meaning what?
What does that mean?
Well, meaning that we need to somebody to unite.
Everybody's a black, you know,
no, who's that going to be?
Who's that going to be?
Who's that going to be?
Well, we need a candidate.
We need a candidate.
OK.
Well, when you find one, come me back and let me know.
Give me a name, OK?
Give me a name.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
How about Joe Gerstin?
Let's bring him back.
What do you say, huh?
You want to bring Joe back?
No.
We're over to hell.
He ran off with all that money.
Australia.
And how about what's his name?
Let's bring Kevin Stevenson from the Rangers.
He's got a little crack problem.
He fit in here perfect little hooker problem, little crack problem.
Let's bring his ass in here.
What do you say?
He's also got a little bit of a lose problem that goes way back.
Poor Kevin.
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
Listen, I have a job.
Kevin Stevens from Cat Stevens.
Yes, sir.
You've been saying a lot of stuff, I agree with.
How do you get away with it?
I don't know.
Well, what do we need?
How do I get away with it?
Telling the truth.
What would you need?
Neil, you do tell the truth.
But it's not politically correct.
I don't know.
I didn't politically correct people who want to be politically correct or assholes.
I'm not interested in those people.
I have no time.
I'm not either.
But I have to tell you, can you do something about these dolphins?
I hate to bring up.
But I have to tell you, we got a team here that's like, can I do something about these dolphins?
Right now.
You know what that reminds me of?
It's like a guy at the hockey game that I'm sitting there, my own business, and this guy
who sits several seats down in front of me and my role, he comes up.
Hey, you've got to tell Brian Murray to get rid of that Michaelson.
You got to do me a favor.
Like first of all, I'm running the team and Brian Murray's going to listen to me.
I have regular chats with him all the time.
You don't?
No, I don't.
You've got to do that.
No, I don't got it.
And I'm not going to.
And I happen to agree with the assessment of Michaelson's play, but nevertheless, get
away from me.
I'm just there to watch the game and enjoy.
I'm not there to do a guy at the Impaucho.
Just get away and don't come up to my ear and start shouting.
That guy.
I'm not exaggerating.
He was screaming into my ear.
Like I was deaf.
I was absolutely deaf.
And he was hoping I could just hear the tones of whatever he was saying.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Male.
Yes, sir.
Hello, male.
Last Friday afternoon, I climbed back in the car.
Take only catch the last two minutes of your last call.
He was talking about some kind of book about the birds in the bees.
No, no, no.
The back.
You know, yeah, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of town, it's eight seven seven eight five.
I'm not doing a doctor's show.
Okay.
Not interested in that about some book that some schmuck was talking about.
I don't care.
I don't know.
Go see a carer practice.
Go stand on your head.
Go see the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Get some good drugs.
Just don't bother me with that crap.
We're not talking about backs.
We're talking about bowels on this.
Okay.
Better get your body parts straight.
Now, I will admit that your rectum is in the bottom of your back.
So maybe the hip bone connected to the erectum bone, something like that.
Jesus.
You know, and not only that, ask George those kind of questions.
Don't wait for like 15 minutes to come on your ass me some stupid thing about some bogus
quack doctors.
No, don't ask me.
Yeah, ask your ID.
He won't tell you anyway.
He'll slam the fall right down.
But at least then we will fill a time on here.
We don't know.
I think the guy's name was a doctor done.
Hey, doctor done.
I have blue lips.
Yeah, you're done.
I'll place where the sick and the infirm and the old and the dying and the cruxity and
the nasty and the unhappy and the wretched and the miserable.
That's South Florida, not a place for living and breathing people.
A place where even when you're an old fart like me at the age of 57, I feel like a teenager
because I'm so goddamn young compared to most of the people I see out there, including
those people with a bad teeth and a little evana with the yellow teeth and the purple skin.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Listen, I think that we're really in trouble.
I was just drive fellow Sheridan and I see a sign for an election.
Hey, baby Lopez.
Pepe.
Pepe.
Pepe, he's a Lopez in Smiley for Commissioner.
Both of Pepe and Broward.
Oh, that's good.
For Hollywood.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
I think another Broward.
Hey, don't you understand Pemberg Pine?
Those say, uh, no, I'll be in Glacin Pemberg Pine.
Yeah, that's true.
I hear you.
There's a great show, buddy.
Okay.
Vote for Pepe, man.
What do you say?
I'm going to vote for Pepe.
No.
No, five, 60 and don't call George and ask him any questions.
I'm telling him.
I'm watching him right now.
Like I called back three times.
Yeah.
Again, saying what?
I really wanted to know the name of the audience.
No, no, we don't know, sir.
We don't know.
We don't care.
We don't care.
We care about that doctor as much as I care about alien as in not my back.
It's great.
How about your my back is sensational.
I had a wonderful night's sleep last night.
And now my front starting to even out my front.
My stomach starting to feel good.
My kishkeys are untwisted in spite of this place because I made up my mind.
I'm not going to let Greg read in the one of bees.
Please put me into a premature grave.
Five, six, seven.
When you people want to talk about stuff that's interesting, that's amusing, that's a
provocative, that's something, not these stupid.
Oh, well, yeah, I'm going to figure this in a couple of days.
We'd like to know is there a restaurant you can recommend?
The answer is no.
How about one where they sell food?
That sounds good to me.
Yeah, I'm every time I get a call like that.
I put myself in a position of being a listener.
And I think to myself, as a listener, is that interesting, amusing, entertaining, worthwhile
listening to, that's even worse than Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny?
Is how terminal it is.
You go somewhere and you walk outside and you look around and you smell the fresh air,
you sniff the daffodils.
When it doubt you check it out.
Instead of calling it on a talk show and asking some boring-ass, terminal question,
well, I'm going to Amsterdam and say, well, what cafe do you think I was?
I got a place to get some weed in.
Well, what's a good place to get some, and where's a good place to get some fries on the
dam rack there where they put that mayonnaise on it?
How about in your breakfast?
That would be a good place.
Fry this.
Well, I'm really full of it today.
I got some energy back because I'm getting rid of my IBS, at least the VS part.
If you want to get rid of my VS, that's a fact.
I'm going to write a book.
I don't even know anything about it.
I'm writing a book.
If you want to get rid of my VS, just eliminate the VS first and then all of a sudden the rest
will go away.
Yeah, that's right.
Stress, chronic stress from assholes around you who are trying desperately to destroy your
life.
Like Greg Reed, the most incompetent human being I've ever encountered in my life, bar
and none.
He makes fat boy look like a rocket scientist.
Pally, here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
You're full of pitching vinegar today.
Yes, I am.
Yes, you are.
And you're right.
It's such a smith town.
They got a bona fide superstar down there.
And I only want to talk about any so-called sports shows as Danny and Danny and the rest
of the Kagan Plate till he's 85 and blah, blah, blah, blah, and get him out there in a
wheelchair and give him some good protection and let him heave it.
I'm heave and just from here in those calls.
Unbelievable.
I don't get one call on this show.
Here was the, I don't know if you saw the game on Saturday, but here was this unbelievable
game.
This performance by Burry and he's skating around and mesmerizing the other guys and
frustrating them.
He's putting on a performance that there is nobody in the world like this man and we got
him right here in this town and these people don't know him from God, then Pavlov's dog.
He's the best and not only that, but he's the gentleman.
He's humble.
He just got it all.
The guys are exciting.
It's amazing.
These people don't know Smith.
Right.
Thanks, Bill.
Okay.
Ray Whitney tells me Pavlov's hung like a moustu.
So by the way, he's got it all.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond, look at this.
Let's get all these lines smoking here today.
Let's hear something interesting and exciting.
Let's see some God dead people who got an IQ bigger than their God damn thumbnail that are
excited and thused about something good going on and not just all dragged down by this
alien crap.
I'm not interested in grandma number one.
I'm not interested in any of them.
Okay, those go in.
I don't care.
They have no no no bearing on my life whatsoever.
And I got news for if they want to come in the middle of my neighborhood and stand in
the middle of the road, I got two real fast Corvettes.
Okay.
And I think the brakes are starting to go on both of them.
So if you want to come and try to block off my street.
I know some guys that'll come and pick up the God damn pieces.
This is 560 QAF, the sports leaders sports radio 560 QAF.
Today's broadcast is brought to you by new Sicken Clean, the all-purpose cleaner.
See this shirt?
It's a Sicken Clean.
How nasty is this carpet stain?
Well just dropped out of your knees.
Use a little bit of elbow grease and Sicken Clean is.
Yes, you can Sicken Clean anything.
Sicken Clean your dog.
Sicken Clean your silverware.
Sicken Clean your car.
Sicken Clean everything you own.
Get Sicken Clean today.
Come visit one of our eight Sicken Clean stores or look us up on the web at Sicken Clean.com
and Sicken Clean it up.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.50 WQM.
We got Hank coming along in the studio today with his bad tooth and all because his trip
to Atlanta has been postponed one day because of his tooth thing.
And then we got Big Fat Blue, maybe a Google Kiss, Chris Moore's ass out of here again to that between 6 and 7.
We got Connecticut Huskies and the Syracuse Orangeman.
We got the college basketball the night at 7.
And then we got the Josh Darrow Clarence on after the game at the K-10 o'clock.
A star studded lineup.
Whether David J. Neil likes it or not.
And by the way, David J. Neil, who the hell are you pointing fingers like I said
when you're a newspaper varies the coverage on page 12 yesterday morning.
What a disgrace.
Well, and I understand that he doesn't have any control over that, but nevertheless,
what a goddamn disgrace.
You got one thing that's outstanding, that's titillating, that's spectacular,
that's unbelievable going on in this town sports or otherwise, and they bury it.
Because they just don't give a crap.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in hypoluxo.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Buenos dias.
Buenos dias.
Hey, it's good to hear you talking about hockey.
I guess you were saving it until we get mid season.
You didn't want to get yourself wore out.
I don't know.
What do you mean I was saving it?
Well, we didn't.
We didn't hardly talk about hockey, you mean for the whole year.
Now, you know, we're talking, finally talking about a little bit.
But what do you mean we?
I'm not getting any hockey calls here.
Well, you got one now before you get riled out and cut me off.
What is wrong with need of fire?
Why are we paying him?
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, that's exactly what I'm saying.
Team is winning and winning and winning and winning.
They're 14 points ahead of the second place.
So capitals in their division.
They're not only going to make the playoffs, but who knows.
They got a shot.
That's right.
They got a shot.
Sour negative.
Sir, why don't you move to goddamn cemetery village.
You may sound a little bit young, but I think you're ready.
Bitch and bitch and bitch and bitch.
And I'm supposed to be Mr. Negativity.
I'm Mr. Happiness.
OK.
I feel great today.
I enjoyed that game tremendously on Saturday.
I'm sitting there biting my nails, watching a Washington, Toronto score.
They're behind their head that tied.
I'll take it.
They score with a half a second after the end of the overtime.
And it doesn't count, but I'll still take it.
And these people are just professionally miserable.
And they want me in.
I'm going to be miserable too.
No.
Sorry, sir.
I'm not going to be as unhappy as you are.
Talk of that.
That's the model of this town.
Remember that song accentuate the positive.
The model of this town is accentuate the negative.
You got to accentuate the negative.
Bitch, bitch and moan a lot.
You got one good thing going on here.
And you want to pee in our parades, sir.
That's for you.
OK.
That's a big, fat, smelly brown one just for you right
through your radio speaker.
I hope it sticks.
God, I hope it gives you a bad back.
And by the way, even if we knew the name of that doctor,
are we going to give you the name?
No.
Because I'm not talking about backs.
I don't have a bad back.
I don't know anything about backs.
I understand a lot of people have back problems.
Do I have a back problem?
No.
Do you have a back problem?
Do we care about that?
No.
Doctor, no.
No.
We don't care.
We're talking about I, B, S, mostly the B, S, which
is most of the people we talk to on this show day after day
after day.
You wouldn't know something good if it came along and bitch
you on a guy named Lip like Eartha Kitt.
You still wouldn't know it.
You wouldn't recognize it.
Somebody came at noon as the little hand struck the big hand
at 12 noon exactly.
And just let the big, big carton on your front doorstep
with a million dollars in cash unmarked bills.
And you'd be belly-ickened because the bills are also small.
How can they go to live hundreds?
It's inconvenient.
I'm serious.
That's the way these people are.
I have never seen so many sour negative people
hostile, unfriendly, angry, negative.
One dimensional.
And I'm not going to let it drag me down anymore.
I made up my, you know, I had this.
I'll be honest with you.
I thought I was on a way out.
I really did because you have this.
It was bad.
There were times when it was really bad, this IBS.
And there are times you think I got a big tumor
in there like normal cat.
And I'm not looking forward to that.
And you start reading about all these things.
It could be this.
It could be that.
And you go through all those tests.
And I'm as clean as a whistle, man.
If I look as good on the outside as I do on the inside,
I'd be dynamite.
I'd be dangerous.
If I look as bad on the inside as I do on the outside
of being a box, but that's beside the point.
Can't have everything.
So I've made up my mind.
I'm not going to let Greg read in this goddamn horse ball
company drag my ass down.
Scram.
They don't want to provide me a studio that works.
I'll come and play God in Chinese melodies every day.
I don't give a crap.
There's nothing my construct that says,
I got to sit here and talk to anybody.
It's the The Arrogers Show.
You know what The The Arrogers Show is?
Whatever the hell The Arrogers decide it is.
If I want to come on the air, go,
move, move, move, move, move, move, move,
move like that every day.
That's the The Arrogers Show.
And if nobody listens to it, tough crap.
That's what you sign up for and you give me nothing
in return.
Nothing, nothing.
A phone system that works.
No.
God didn't even in a house phone door.
No.
Nothing.
There's the bed.
Good timing.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Where did that come from?
Where did that come from?
I'm going to have it once on Friday.
Now we've got a spontaneous phone.
Look at that.
I didn't have my hand.
You saw me.
My hand was my hand anywhere near the phone.
No.
And all of a sudden we get a dial tone,
the line seven punches up by itself.
Spontaneous emission.
How do you like that?
Squared, squirt.
And people like this last guy, you know,
in the middle of all this great stuff going on,
a great game there in the arena on Saturday night.
All kinds of excitement and what a past
wrote to me made to a parish for that goal.
And the Burry and the Whitney at a first goal
with Raymond Bork is back, Mr.
Rolestar, Mr. Hall of Fame.
And the Burry slides it right across
and Whitney slams it in it.
And then we win an overtime unbelievable.
Here's one great thing you got going on in this town.
And we got too many goddamn dull, slow, stupid people
to take the time to catch out of what it's all about.
They only had it going on here seven years.
Oh, we'll wait till the playoffs
so we can be a bunch of front running,
but just like did it with the Marlins that year 97.
All of a sudden they were filled up.
And during the early part of the playoffs in 97,
did they fill up the stadium?
No.
But all of a sudden it was a convenient.
It was exciting to jump on to bandwagon.
This town is going to drown one day
from bandwagon jumpers.
We're right there at T level already, you know?
And one day these bandwagon jumpers,
all of them are going to jump at the same time.
We're going to push us right down on the C level
and have a guy named Flood.
Flood in your pants from all the phony bandwagon jumpers.
Oh, we'll wait till the playoffs
and then we can run around our little banners
on our windows and we love you,
panting, yeah.
Just like the phones in this town,
it couldn't see that their football team
was a piece of dreck, a stinking, rotting, choking piece of dreck.
And they could beat 62 to 7 by a team,
by the way that like yesterday,
forgot to show up, I guess, by a marginal team,
which we obviously saw yesterday.
It could be 62 to 7 by that team.
And these people are, wow,
I'm going to beat by the move,
but what happened?
What happened?
God, you can't complain about the education in this town.
There ain't any.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, me and my wife didn't know how tightly we were clenched
until Burris scored that goal,
that winning goal in overtime.
Yeah.
I mean, I looked down at my feet,
I had my toes clenched, my hands balled up,
my butt clenched.
My butt just balled up, I was so excited.
I mean, and it was just such a release from,
because I guess it carried over.
Of course, Gordon.
Yeah, you got it.
It carried over from the night before
with the frustration of that damn norm miracle.
I mean, wow.
Yeah.
Talk about one guy that just brings it against you, you know?
Yeah, he was great.
He only plays good against us.
Yes.
And they definitely, I mean,
if Billy Lindsay exposed Ray Bork in that playoff game,
as losing already, maybe a step and a half,
I mean, they really exposed him badly.
Yeah, he's a dottering old man.
Yes, he, I mean, he looked down the bench.
I mean, when he sat down on the bench,
he really looked tired,
like with an expression like saying,
I screwed it up.
He's like a Dan Reno hockey, you know?
It's it's time to hang it up.
I think so, Neil.
OK, pal, glad you, glad you unclenched it.
There's a guy, he's, look at his phone again here, huh?
Is there enthusiasm here?
No.
Is there excitement?
No.
Three stick and call center board.
I want to see some goddamn action here today.
I want to see the people beside the crazy old Cuban people
are a little of Anna.
I want to see the rest of this town get a little bit fired up
and whipped up to a frenzy instead of the same old,
tired garbage making this town into a laughing stock.
That's the problem.
You have seated.
You've just handed over the reins of the kingdom in this town
to a bunch of crazy old bastards.
That's what you've done.
And I'm nauseated by it.
This could be a great place.
We had casinos in here.
We had some younger people in here.
This could be paradise here.
This could be heaven.
You walk out, you get up,
now, OK, this morning we had some rain.
But 99% of the days,
you get up in the morning.
It's a nice day outside.
What the hell do you want?
We just have the wrong people.
We have a bunch of mugwamps.
We have a bunch of red necks.
We have a bunch of Bible-fumping old farts.
A bunch of crusty old lunatics.
Taking up the goddamn highway
and pushing us out of the way for their early bird.
That's the problem here.
You let me pick who's going to live here.
This would be the greatest place on the face of the earth.
We won't have to have illegal goddamn brothels down here
at the young girls' houses in Kendall
because we'll have legal ones in every street corner.
We won't have to have anybody getting busted
by a medical marijuana
because anybody that wants it
can go down to the brown cafe on a corner
and smoke whatever the hell they want.
So when you make me your dictator,
they don't got it.
Things are going to change
and is God forsaken place.
But you know what?
I'll be gone by them anyway.
You'll look around.
OG, he's gone.
Ah, damn it.
Wong gone.
What was that song by Bobby Daring
across the sea?
10 past 11 at 560 WQM.
The
M.O.S.
D.A. Y.
As you see K.S.
All right.
Tonight.
Hold still.
I can't help but try to tell us.
No.
Get the club.
The club?
Oh, yeah.
Hold still.
Is this it?
Yes.
Use it on them.
Um, okay.
Yes, the club.
Oh, no, no.
I can't even lift this thing
and hurt my breath.
Go to the gun.
He's going to go to the gun.
Let me try something.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
Mr. Bad Guy.
Drops a darn gun.
Thank you.
The new series begins tonight
on the world's most threatening cups.
It's 1114.
You know something?
These buttons, remember who the hell was it
that made these up for me?
The band alien buttons whoever the hell was.
Who was that lady?
Remember she called that day?
But I don't think I still have the thing.
What's on the, uh, damn it.
No.
But the band alien buttons.
Everybody ought to be wearing these
because, uh, do we want to talk about it anymore?
No.
We want to hear about it anymore.
Does it affect our lives?
No.
Are we sick of it?
Uh-huh.
Damn it.
Let's start moving on.
You know, this is a message for a lot of you people out there.
Don't get the drag down by the crap.
Take the BS out of the IBS
and you'll feel a hell of a lot better
just like I do today.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T,
Whitney and Burrey and Burrey and Whitney.
That's all you need to talk about.
Do you know how come we still got
Neymar on it?
Do you know how come we lost a game?
Yeah.
You can't talk to morons about stuff
that they don't understand.
You can't do it.
They don't get it.
Here's a mobile and a lot of hill.
Hello.
Neil, if I got a story for you
that just shows all about the people here in South Florida,
I'm on the road, okay?
So I have to take a leak.
So I decided to go to this publics out here in, in Lord of Galilee.
You took a leak in publics, yeah?
Yes.
Now as I'm walking up to the door, I can smell
something coming out of the room, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
I walk into the bathroom, start to go towards the urinal,
and in the urinal is the hugeest pile of shmit
that I've ever seen in my life.
I don't know how...
I don't know how...
I don't know how the guy did this.
I mean, first of all, this pile is so huge,
it looks like a cow left it.
So I can just picture some huge guy.
All right, maybe Opal is it?
Yeah, maybe she got the...
Squatting it to the stick in urinal, to the big shmit.
It's all over the side of the urinals on the floor.
I'm like, you know, this is just...
This is just says it all about the people in South Florida, man.
It's a pretty place, you're right.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
There you go.
That's perfect.
That sums it up in a...
Shell.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
POP 5, 60, plus we don't have to worry about
what we're eating in here today,
because I'm not eating in here,
and don't eat when you're under stress.
Don't eat while you're working.
Don't eat when you're under stress.
It'll throw your kishkis out.
I got a whole new attitude about life, man.
I'm born again.
Just call me born again.
They're all good.
Right.
Because for the first time in over a month,
I feel like almost a semblance of a human being.
I've been just dying over here.
Dying and thinking, what have I got?
Is it this?
Is it that I'm going under this test?
And that test, and they're looking at my stomach,
and looking at my...
Correct.
Every other guy they embody part.
And now I realize I'm just stressed out
for working for a bunch of assholes
and getting dragged on by a bunch of assholes.
Am I going to allow that anymore?
No.
Never again.
Just like people that don't like this show.
You don't like this show?
Goodbye.
See ya.
You don't like it when George is on?
Goodbye.
Because he ain't going anywhere.
You don't like the tapes too bad.
Whatever we do.
We don't care.
We don't effing care.
That's the QAMWay anyway.
And it's taken me over two years to finally come to that conclusion.
But just like Yeldee says,
we don't give a shmit.
Okay?
We don't care.
We won't care.
There's nothing you can do to make us care.
There you go.
And you know, I'm thinking to myself this weekend,
all the time, sure, there's days you're going to come in
when you do a show five days a week.
You're not going to do a great show.
But at most of the time, 99% of the time,
there's been a problem with the show.
Was it on this end?
No.
It was on the end of that phone there.
Right here, it is God damn phone.
Between it and not working in the crappy calls
and he's idiots out there.
That's where the problem lies.
Not on this end.
You ought to kiss your God damn radio right now
if it sounds a little bit self-serving.
Too bad I don't care.
You ought to be kissing your radio.
That you've got this show coming through your little thing
and your speaker too.
But just like the guy with his neater marker call,
oh no, we don't want to do that.
Let's find the negative.
Let's get the negative to it.
Let's bitch and belly ache and mow and groan.
See, there's nothing wrong with bitch and belly ache
and I do plenty of that.
But at least about things that deserve to be bitched and belly acheed about.
But not when there's something good going on.
Even Victor Coslov, here's the guy who used to be
thought he was another figure skater, another acid-ticken skater round
and around in circles and never finished a play.
You want to know why because he didn't have anybody to finish the play.
And they're in overtime, sir, at the United Team Unbelievable.
He's around and around and around and around.
Comes out in front of the net, takes a shot and there's brewery to whack it
and we win the game everybody's screaming.
We run out of there.
I'll ride.
Have it a good night.
Nice going, Victor.
Now of course you think that when you're surrounded by a flood,
you know, sometimes it lifts you up if you have the ability.
Of course you look at the morning show on the station, I think is a good example.
I mean, it was pretty weak before I came here and I've been here two years.
Is it any better?
No.
No, see?
So in other words, if you got it and you're surrounded by greatness,
then you can elevate you and lift you at another level.
If you don't have it, no matter what, you don't understand,
you're still going to think.
But Danny, Danny, the player's one, Danny, back in Danny.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
Great.
How about those cancers, huh?
Right.
Anyway, I don't want that heart attack when I saw Burry flying into the board the other night.
I tell you, that was a pretty hard hit he took.
Yeah, he can handle himself.
All these people that think he's a pussy, he can handle himself.
Don't get yourself.
And Mike, run, want to pick up, huh?
Right.
Tell you that one goal he stopped.
We were sitting way up on the top on the side and I tell you that puck looked like it was right on the line.
Yeah.
I guess it happened.
It was on the line.
It had to go all the way over.
Just part of the puck or all the puck?
Let me say it again, all the way over.
Okay, which means the entire thing?
Just, a puck.
Yeah, and my son and I, we go to the, we go about two games a month and since my divorce and at the end,
all morning, all that kind of stuff.
And I don't care if you're a fan, you'll find a way to get the way to go.
Right.
And he's right or at least to a few games anyway.
This is an ex-town of excuses, and it's amazing to me how all of a sudden when the playoff start,
you'll see, you won't be able for a lover money to get near that place once the playoff start.
all of a sudden they'll discover all this the spirit of money they got in the
crowd of somewhere
and we are one of the biggest games coming up and went to get the
trouble that that game on when they get new jersey isn't sold out i'm going to
i think i'm going to cause a scene in that place i'm going to start running around
and spitting on every empty seat i'm going to be pissed off that's going to be a
great barometer for for just how good we are i think right yeah we'll have a
good day now back to you sir i'll see you when they see when they for the new
jersey devil not granted that the most exciting team in league they're just
the best team in the league which unfortunately the fact that coma style again
i think we're going to kick their ass i think
that's my personal opinion is that we're going to kick their ass
people who just don't want to like get out of their house and learn something
new and exciting and as much as George despises sports i will say this he's
actually because the tickets were free on a couple of times come to a couple
of hockey games
i'm going to open my new guy there you go
least boring sports a lot would would you go to the dolphin game
no no would he go to a heat game
the effort to seven foot sparsers batten it around no would he go to a
marlin game no way well when they have the free food it's going to have the free
food out there yeah but then i watched something else on tv
course needs to give you god damn channels you know i remote control for the
tv thank god so i have to watch that boring marlin crap
and then they then over the weekend i figure which paper was it i got a whole
puppies i must be crazy i must be now the front page in the eighty five
thousand paragraphs about what a great guy john henry is never still afraid
train he's such a wonderful guy yeah right you should live so long he's a
putt another snake roll salesman who got bamboozled by Wayne of course
joined the club there's a long list of us got bamboozled by Wayne and now he
expects everybody else to bail his ass out is it going to happen no bye bye
john henry they like baseball on Cuba maybe he could have scored
alien home here's a mobile in hollywood hello hello Neil maybe they'll build a
mistake yes sir how you doing great listen once in a year macarena for the first
time the other night brought my daughter first hockey game and she says we
bad i would rather see one hockey game that go to ten marlin game right we had
the most unbelievable time we sat in the last row section four sixteen
i mean what great there's not a bad seed in that place you can see the
expression on the players face from way up there yeah it's unbelievable we
had a great time you know in between and the session we sat in nobody's
getting up and down to get the food and go back and forth everybody's watching
the game into the game you know it's time anybody got up was in between
periods you go down to the food court there's no more than two or three people
ahead of you to get in you get out the back yeah i'm like that nicky arreena in my
anywhere i keep proud about the fact that the quarters are real narrow and the
lines are real long and they go you go out to get a sandwich or a soda or
something you have to wait for like a half an hour yeah you missed actually you
have to start the next period you had the best time there's that stadium is
fantastic i love it and i will definitely be back at that stadium good see you there
pal next one all right take care and let's see a lot of people bring their kids
which is great although i will say this there was a lady a very nice lady who sits
down in our section she knows who she is and i know who she is but at any rate
uh she had two little kids sitting behind her and then we're kicking the back of
her seat and as she came up after the first period she has she went by she said
uh those kids don't stop kicking my seat they make a home in a box something like
that that's what i was thinking so if you bring your little kids that's great
because that's the way to get your kids into the game but don't but you know
take a little bit of control are you taking control over your kids no like i
said leave them home people that let their kids run rough shot and just stand
around and look around and they're oblivious you know i've seen that as in
in times like people in airports with their little kids who are just destroying
everything in their site they're getting the computers they're on the keyboards
they're not going to step apart they're getting they're opening the door and
setting off the alarms and appearance are like blue blue blue blue like that
i think anytime you see that you ought to there ought to be a sterilization squad
and you ought to have like a special number like nine one one will have like a
six one one or seven some other number and you can and you bring in a sterilization squad
they report immediately and right there in a spot they snip them out
yeah they sterilize them right there in a spot
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's North Miami hello and your lawyer great i gotta tell you if you
if i'm sure you have if you're new outside the country with people outside this
we're laughing at us i mean you look at the news and everything everything
is an alien this and an alien that the world is passing yeah almost so is that
anything new i mean that's what it's down stinks we lose the
uh... the the the Latin Grammy we lose the Pan Am game but what because
somebody just engaged nicely to look at something
it sounds sucks okay thanks
there's a bulletin for you okay this town sucks major bulletin
all you did was just repeat everything i got to say see i don't i don't need
that i don't need that i understand your frustration sir but just calling
in peridine what i just got through saying is that interesting oh no so uh
you know can it
maybe you can sell it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T wireless line let's accentuate the positive guidance because like
i said otherwise you'll wind up with ibs with a lot of the bs the
volshmitt with twisted kichis
and i'm sick i have a twisted kichis because there are a lot of assholes running
around out there i'm oblivious i don't care about them anymore
and like i said that little kid alien you can put him on a god damn
banana boat for all i care you can put him on a god damn cattle car i don't
give a crap i care a hell of a lot more about people who are here and have
been here in american citizens of whatever they are or even illegal aliens
like George whatever his status is this week
then people are coming on a god damn rubber raft because they're waiting for
a joy ride here no free ride here go home goodbye
audio your a ghost
send him to guantanamo okay they're gonna build him a god damn monument he's
gonna have a castle in a palace he'll be letting him be running a god damn
country another two three years he'll be like the sali lama
26 past eleven and five sixty wqn
and japan knows the score
turning his hands on a last game end weeknight only on sports radio five
fifty q a l
say what he has a pair
one one
above a football
he is boogie
he's holding deep in browns
he got a bag of his eye and he's also his mind it's in the memory of the ground
so they can't kill out of the gate
and can't sit further with you
you're saying all is well a little go to hell it's all up attack me up
yes i hate to say a bad thing or a dirt ground
so to death for me all the ground
being in an NFL job
I couldn't believe it
you never hear the jail cell lock
hey great what is it
every small strange child
they're for bad criminal they can lie
that is you can catch the ball or run with the ball the rate of murder
they all run as long as they can
kill the bleachers
you can still out some days gain
the new chance who gets murdered all this their vacant money
and the land is like you do the way
he'd be back at home and all the ground
what would the best for me all the ground
being in an NFL job
being to never hear the jail cell lock
being in an NFL job
being to never hear the jail cell lock
on the 31 at 560 WQ by the way you know what i had yesterday for the first
time in years and i discovered i actually like them
beans and onions baked beans and onions
you out of a can and you know what
doesn't make your fart that way when you come up with that
what kind of beans baked beans
uh... you know baked beans with the onions oh yeah gashas didn't make me uh
gashas play instantly no not at all
i feel so much better doing this fiber thing i think i'm gonna bring that
book in tomorrow if you're doing that kids and you do it and like the guy
to call last week oh aren't you doing that kids anymore i'm doing it i'm
doing great but if you're not doing it i'm not doing it
well sir i'm sitting here with my little finger deep inside my
rectum i wanted to try it now huh
boy not everybody works the same not everything works for everybody
the same if it works for you do it more power to it gage isn't there hate
have a great life but the fiber thing i think is as
where it's at was i lose a weight on the act can no
then of course there's a peter Leonard story
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the at and t wireless line
here's a mobile in Miami hello how you doing okay i respect your opinion
about the case i wanted to ask you i'm going out there the first week of
march play downstairs at the morage right out and get out there a while
um what would you suggest if you want to go for a nice dinner
haha uh-huh five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the at and t wireless line how did i know the first word out of his
mouth that that's what was going to be a so that was really was that hysterical
no was that a panic no pathetic
i i would say you know the restroom that the guy was talking about it
published before where the guy shmitney and i think that would be a good meal
for you right there that's a good start a little appetizer for you
and work your way on over to the bowl here's a mobile in four-letter deal
hello good morning yes sir i want to thank you for pointing out what most of
it is known for a long time that cause law is a brilliant brilliant center
and a lot of a lot of sports writers who gave up on the merlin video all of
the sudden discovered that maybe they were wrong how could you not give up on me
he was very disappointing but all of a sudden he's playing with a great guy and
look how great he's playing and you got a guy that's got tremendous talent
and Whitney as good as he played the last two years look how much better he's
playing with a superstar without question it's definitely catching and i want
you to know that on top of that on sunday after he had that brilliant setup for
the over 10 goal he showed up that if he he was there for a charity fundraiser
and a lot of these super stars that is easily have kissed it off and said they're tired
he's he happens to be a quality guy off he's a guy this is another thing these people don't
appreciate i mean they used to talk about it back in the early days i guess what it was a novelty
about uh you know the the fact that the hockey players were friendly and they sent autographs
they weren't a bunch of scumbags at least most of them like a lot of the football players and
some of these other guys and now it's like uh that any calls me on Thursday or Friday with we
can't follow the team because we don't know the players anymore well how hard is it to uh to catch
up with who's on the team you know get a program i don't get the mentality there and no matter
what good is throwing your face you find something to bitch about it just don't get it but the
other thing i wanted to say is i suffered with your ideas problem for about 10 years and i found a cure
right i got rid of the assholes that were around me right i got that immediately exactly so i
wish you do the same where it's working for me already thank you guys thanks a lot five six seven
who's that victor cause love man or tell who's that said like some kind of a Russian guy he would
say that he's a Russian mafia and other one of those guys we don't know these guys because they
traded away all of our favorite people yeah what a bunch of morons what a bunch of losers losers
losers
taking up space that real living and breathing people could be taken up god this like i said this could
be paradise we could be surrounded by three four million really happening people people are with it
people that are brain people are a good sense of humor people are going to enjoy the good things in
life danian danian danian danian danian danian man when it's out they just worry out but not this kid
i'm oblivious to them anymore i don't care i got my own agenda here's four Myers hello
hello yes sir yeah i think this is the first time i've called and i got to tell you you are a jerk
because let me finish yeah no you finish okay i took we have a minor league hockey team here the
fall floor to ever late i took my kid to a game Saturday night he was standing he was cheering he
wasn't kicking any seats and the people next to him are yelling at him telling us it down he turns to
me between periods and cries and says that that guy's grumpy you've just turned off the kid i think
of a kid can pay for a seat the kid did he did he did he can kick he can kick people in the back
of the seat i said he didn't kick people in the back of the seat but he was standing so so
you're really he was screaming talking about your kid you're telling me that all these kids should
be locked up and stay on a chain the only crazy kids are kids they paid for a seat yeah and if
they're bothering other people i get them their ass out they paid for a seat or your kid paid for
the seat i don't think so you know what he sounds like he sounds like one of those parents it's
gonna let his kids do anything if you want to scream and shout and be enthused that enthusiasm great
i have no problem that that's what he's supposed to be therefore i'm a jerk because then to see
as soon as he starts attacking that tells me what his kid must have been doing i don't think that most
people go to any event of any kind looking to complain about the way somebody else is behaving but
if they're kicking you in the back of the seat or they're doing things that are like uh making
your life miserable you've got to write to complain and if you don't want to take control of your
kids man you got a lot of company out there get the sterilization team over to four mires immediately
and trace that call i'm a jerk i know exactly what i'm talking about and believe me there's plenty of
kids in that arena and they they uh handle themselves fine no problem at all they behave better than
some of the adults because they're not drunk and the slavern all over everybody but the fact that
you take it so personally that we want to make an attack on me that tells me everything that i
need to know i don't need jack web and trial out combs to figure that out okay sir you're another one
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
twenty two before noon at qa
after hockey golf and football marlin baseball and now the Miami Hurricanes two sports radio five
sixty qa and i dropped my wiener hey who you looking at
yeah
yeah
lie is not case you can't look directly at him you cannot look in his eyes
if you do your job go buy buy he say when i come in a room you leave it you leave
with a turning round it's no wonder they do last that long
you try to love for that kind of job
we'll see far guys there job another swimming you when you're white
you try to love and give it to him
mom that your back holds your guard is kind of treatment just saying right you slide
oh
okay it's 18 to noon at five sixty qa and by the way the hero today buried on page or 12 or
13 whatever hell is 13 i guess is their hockey stuff and is there one mentioned in the
panthers in there no no not a word they don't even have florida at least the sun settles got
florida like in bowl letters and the standings because it's our team and they got an article
in here by michael russo that doesn't say very much but it's in there and the trade the primo
for brinda more et cetera and so on what's going on the coverage in this town you can't complain
about it because basically there isn't any it sucks and he's one dimensional narrow minded stubborn
ass hard ass people oh well we don't know from that we know well what are you going to learn
from something when you get off your dead ass and start smelling the panties and go out there
and live life instead of wallowing in this guy then alien alien well this crap screw you people
on the tv channels okay you're a bunch of gray robbers you're totally irresponsible i'm
embarrassed for you i'm ashamed that you're in this town four six seven and ten i'll never as long
as i live forget that day that there was not a god damn thing going on down there and 79th in
this game there was hardly anybody left there and they still hour after hour after hour after
all after the long kept hocking away and hocking away see how many other people that you get to go
out in the streets and disrupt this guy damn community don't tell me about irresponsible because
four six seven and ten every one of you're a bunch of assholes everyone responsible for that
coverage there's some good people to work at those channels i don't want to lump them in but as far
as the news people bunch of idiots irresponsible exploitive jackasses and by the way how's that
broad that got shot at the center period on sir here's a mobile in Miami hello new yes sir
you morning how are you today okay you know i have a question for you why is the government spending so
much money on this uh... the end case do you have an idea five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen two wireless on that guy from four mires he's exactly the kind of guy you
can be sure of it that when you go to the supermarket and he and his wife are in their shopping if
he goes with her the little kid is running around knocking people down knocking stuff off the
shelves eating food off the shelves out of the wrapper thrown wrappers on the floor you just know
it because of the hysteria his attitude oh my kid could never do any wrong and i'll say it again
ninety five maybe ninety eight percent of the kids that come to those games and there's tons and
tons of them thank goodness they behave fine they behave great but when somebody's doing some
things to be civic which is what i was talking about it's unacceptable whether it's an adult
spill and beer on your head or it's some kid kicking you in the back of the seat all during the
it is unacceptable sir and you can be as pissed off and fired up as you want to be but that's
just the way it is because the people sitting in the seats in front of them in this case that
very nice lady who sits in my section she didn't pay her money for that seat so some kid could
be kicking her in the back of the head for three hours oh no my kid can do no wrong forced sterilization
here's a mobile and sunrise hello hey yeah how you doing okay yes sir had to call in and tell you
I still got half a voice left from study night game right my first game of the year really and I
just went to the stadium about twelve tickets for my buddies it was great yeah and I want to take
the winner I got some safer panthers go by number ten hello bye take care
five six seven oh five six oh I wish you could have seen the look on Georgia's face while I was
going to just look at an expression on his puts five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
I'm getting the BS out of the IBS baby right no more crap at his kids balls see as soon as you say
ball a irritable ball center the only thing that they know is that's not it's kishies baby it's
you're in test and that's most of it I mean you may have a few problems too but it's kishies it's
that stomach it's that nervous twisting aching sick and of course it also effect in fact all the
I mentioned this the other day when they fact this stuff over I said oh that's me all the other
side effects you have pain in the jaw shortness of breath busyness painful menstrual period that's
definitely me homosexuality homosexuality fat and ugliness back pain oh back pain what was the
that doctor by the way does it were talking about George and back doctor oh I think it was
doctor dick here's Miami hello hello no yes sir let's talk about something important besides
alien the aliens forget about him I'm not discussing that sir I will not discuss it good I need to
ask a very important time on people with bad teeth I need to ask a very important question
I know you the movie may have been of the world what was the movie the James Wood was then where
they stuck him in the trash compact once upon a time in America okay that's a very important question
thank you and a very important answer okay no it was that an important question no but it killed
a few seconds it was better than I'm going to Vegas and what restaurant could you recommend for me
to commit suicide in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T wireless line you don't
have to roll away to Vegas just go to pier sixty six they got the restaurant on the top there that
spins around you know just dive off of that thing get some good coverage Ricky maybe Rick
Sanchez will be there to catch you on the way down and by the way the guy that he hit
here's North Miami Beach hello hello yes sir okay I like to first start by saying
off and veteran or foreign wars and I'm really tired of the Cuban people here at Miami five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 8 did I just get you saying only moments ago I'm not
discussing that did I just get you saying it you're tired of the Cuban people okay you know
something most of the Cuban people are tired of the Cuban people the so-called exhaust most
everybody with the brain is sick and tired of okay I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let this show get
dragged down and mired I'm having a good time here today I'm in a good mood I feel great my
physically I feel sensational I got some energy panthers want to go to the game leaves got a heart
bought time with washing the other night that's what's important in life isn't it well whatever
especially when you live here is there anything else no just stay in alive man like the beat you
said stay in alive and I'm not gonna let this radio show get dragged down in the mire with all
the other swill with this alien crap because that's exactly and positively what it is it's a big fat
pile of crap yes thank you we want crap we'll go to that urinal that the guy was talking about
it the public's not my public they know they're crap in my public they're the best
here's Hollywood hello hello yes sir yeah yes Neil God speaking so much to say so little time
first of all Neil I've been down here 30 years when you leave I'm leaving okay
I'm ready to start coming back in man it's gonna be soon second wall this Puerto Rican kid
I got a neighbor that lives down there Puerto Rican kid what was he from Haiti 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T line not only is he insisting on talking about it he don't even know where he's from
now all of a sudden poor alien it's not bad enough he's got to take all the other crap going
on I know he's a Puerto Rican so Phalyan wants to Vegas what's up to the report yeah Phalyan goes to
Vegas to see the Las Vegas Thunder at the hockey game who who can he sit behind to kick him in
the back of the head maybe the guy from four mires it's gonna be good little tasty you're on medicine
okay you irresponsible parent you scumbag you're not fooling us mr getting all testy with me
how we're talking about it some specific kid there's sitting behind this one woman and right
away he goes getting all better you're a jerk because yeah you sound a little bit too defensive
for me sir a lot too defensive obviously you're one of those irresponsible parents that lets your
kids run a rough shot over everybody else and the excuses well kids will be kids yeah even when
they're in a box you know here's a mobile in South Miami hello you got to blame the parents
if they do it there they do it over there that's right you know it there's nothing you can do
Neil what do you think Philadelphia came out ahead in that trade yes oh yeah but I mean well
I mean I had to do something Carol I had to do something there's struggling with desperate I always
thought brinnellore pretty pretty straight up player though I'll be as good nowhere until of course
the rumor is they're trading the beasier but until I get a real gold tender in there they're
not going any off you don't think pre-mose a bit of an attitude a bit of a head case yeah he is but
that doesn't always mean anything we'll see we'll see what happens and you too all I'm sick and
tired of the same big money teams Philadelphia inter-rangers rangers and Philadelphia every god damn
the marquee player now could Chuck supposed to go to the rangers every big name player they go to
those markets because they got the big bucks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line here's a mobile in light house point hello yes sir we've been down with an idea
of my daughter for years and it's not an easy thing to get rid of but stress is definitely a
factor we had a trip to Hawaii and we were lucky enough to be able to take her along she didn't
want to go because she was the she was worried and she she she has a job and she has kids and
they're stressed with that right you know I have to have to marriage even but so a lot of stress
we got her over there out of the totally stress free environment she had for a week no problems
how do you like that that was proof that was proof to us anyway absolutely he was saying that the
doctor is saying it's in my head and that she's all set but it kind of opened her eyes that
stress does have a chronic stress oh you know what else helps and I'm not saying you got to get the
cryptic butt that'll stone you on your butt but my pot will does help you know a swallow mount
and I'm not going to go yeah yeah because I'm not saying that the Georgia will appreciate that
I did just walking down the streets and Amsterdam where they have the cafes under the
a rooted Vaseline they're just walking by the cafes and inhaling that that'll do it don't even have
to go inside right on and also in front of us in our seats there's a little girl and I every now
and then you know she understands I'm trying to get on the overhead on the screen and I every now
and then she'll be up when the place starts and her dad just you know sit down boom and she's
right down I'll behave that's the way I turn you off the body see there's good parents and
there's bad parents for that jackass and four Myers and we know which category you fall into no
question about it irresponsible five six seven oh by the way we're sure glad that you're over
there and four Myers not over here or I do disrupting our enjoyment at the Macarena here's four Myers
again hello Neil yes sir hey my apologies from four Myers that idiot I think that's a lot of
places got it to lose his man he's one of them hey speaking of that here when I heard that guy
call I got totally pissed I mean let me tell you where I live we got a canal on boats okay and
my neighbors have got a whole gaggle of on really kids jumping up and down on people's boats I'll
tell you if I was at the other place yeah exactly if I was at the Everblade to be calling the
attendant get this guy the hell out of here right with the kid and then you know and this guy
in four Myers needs to listen right now man it's like hey you know you're in really infringing on
other people's rights when they go do that you know and you could tell by like I said by his
hysterical reaction yes and he's got a guilty conscience exactly he's a defense instant
defense well my kids don't do that you know they're running around you know you know you know
Schmidt and all over the way if his kids behave and well then there is many reason that he would
have even called yeah exactly that's why he took a fence to it right away you know yeah I mean
I'm looking to mirror that's the full fence I said if the shoe fits yeah where it's thanks right
okay Neil have a great thing if the full fights five what's that number on the out of town line
real quick eight seven seven eight five six three forty five if the full fights learn to fly
greatest video on history by the way that goes to Zola and frags in her yeah that's right
great song too here's a mobile in Miami hello
ideal yes sir first time caller I love myself great I don't know if you caught off it was a
lot of game last week that it was on in the afternoon and I think that preempted your show
are you you weren't on yeah that was the way I was in Vegas you were in Vegas okay there was a there
was a sound bite that you might want to go back as you can listen to it I thought it was hysterical it was
the two announcers is a Randy Molar and jick vroom dollum yeah there was a a stick holding call
and they went on about this and it was not one stick holding but holding two sticks
and the first thing that popped into my head was was that oh Neil would have a field day with this
this is this is too funny for him and and just the way they were really serious about it but
holding the stick and I'm out of material man
we know what he's holding rhymes with stick five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t line here's a mobile and four lottery hello
Neil how are you great I was waiting for that call to go somewhere yeah right like the way
hey I just have a brief comment I calling I'm calling to commend you on putting the clamps on the
alien talk I think it's uh what is what is your left to say there we've run a thing to say after
the first couple of days I mean I mean if something happens and they send them back or whatever's
going to happen and we have some reactions to it then I'll talk about it because that'll we
what's going on here but if I if I hear one more word about this crappy kid I'm I I'm gonna have
an alien baby myself right I mean enough is enough already I'm gonna I'm gonna bring
Sigourney weaver in here to pop an alien out right there in the lawn at their house those
those people would have had teeth they'll run like a like a maniac you I think Sigourney weaver is
the only only thing missing that we haven't seen yet she's coming yeah maybe we'll put a wig on
Rick's handshaves okay have a great thing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty a bunch of
people would rodded teeth they look like cigar store Indians on a bad day one or I live it
I get a rugged on here go away put them on a goddamn banana but round those people all
up and get them out of our face and let us live our lives that's what we say let us live in peace
peace as in peace of Schmidt which is what most of those people are
see that time you wouldn't know it if they stuck it in your rectum okay leave it on
I must say that onions and bacon on it this is five sixty you a.m. but Neil Rogers show sports radio five
sixty you a.m.
one two uh three I made it through college and average to see I have a lot of money but not
put you up a frame like most of you voters who were justice lame but I can say one thing that
you can my daddy is an ex-president I got money power and nothing to lose I can do everything I
choose a little bit of cash is all I need is satisfy my ego and my greed manipulative
martyr beings all I use a garnered vote for more I just like you
that can scooly me fun in the last I don't think I laugh that bad
remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't you can kiss my touch you see what
matters to me about the presidency is that it makes a nice conversation please I'm the king
of denial to I have no problem lying to you so why is it so important for you to know whether or
not I did blow a little bit of cocaine up my nose a little bit of tooth a little blow when I'm
elected I'll put it as well that when I put up the country
it's
202 at 560 WQM happy Monday to it we got hang coming up in a studio bad tooth and all the
to this afternoon that's what Bluff said 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line bluff
he's on a job he's a the on a he's doing it no he's doing it here's the Fort Lauderdale huh
yeah I yes sir okay Neil yes me like I got a question for you why are you always so
aggravated because I talk to people like you sir okay maybe you could learn something by talking
to people like me about what what would you like to do a teach me sir I don't want to teach you
I'm not the least bit aggravated I'm in a great mood today I don't know what you're talking about
you don't know no well then what do you want to teach me today sir let's go let's learn
something to that I don't want to teach you anything you just got your saying you said you could
learn something from an old fart like me what am I going to learn you wrote you always aggravated
how do you know that unless you listen every day I listen occasionally yeah well maybe maybe
you just picked the bad days or maybe today's when you're on a radio maybe that's what puts me
in a bad mood that could be it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it do I say am I aggravated no I'm in a
great mood that's the I feel better than I have in a month and you hear that cross the old
fart what kind of a call is that sir why would anybody with a life underlining that part with a life
call and wait a few minutes to get on here to say that I'm not interested in your critiques
sir okay I'm doing just fine without your help you cross the old fart and by the way you dropped
your bag 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's Miramar hello Neil first time
call a great show yes sir kudos and I want to salute you for getting rid of all this ealeon
no moss no moss I was losing my lunch every morning hey other than kissing your butt on the air I
want to let you know that Miramar supports Neil East and we support Neil thank you sir okay what
do you say do we know what he said whatever he said he you know good intentions out of material are
material already they wow Whitney and Burray Burian Whitney that's where it's at
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line yeah why would anybody be aggravated just
go we got so many old parts like that guy that sour sour you can hear it in his voice the
toe jam stuck it in the soft August here's four Myers hello Neil that guy sound like the
bridge tender or something you know he's not a like to me yeah exactly now you know they know
that that guy and I've called about these these minor league hockey games over here are preempting
the Panther games on the radio it's hard to pick up 5 60 at night so they put this minor league
crap on you know which is fine if you want to go there and watch a game but you know who wants
here some stupid minor league hockey back at the Panthers who are just kicking serious ass and with
the exciting most exciting player in the god damn world who wants here some little kids team you
want to talk about trust you'll for you to hear the play by play guy I can imagine and in this
afternoon guy here they cut off the hammer at two o'clock or at four o'clock and they put this
this real crusty fart on these are all crockish mits but anyway they cut they cut Hank off at what
at four o'clock what an embarrassment exactly exactly and you know it's like it's a pretend radio
state yeah it's a makeable well to make believe company they got to keep the mind it's the
one of these ladies man these are not broadcasters these are grave robbers they're not broadcasters
and they got these but they have got some nickels to rub together and these but brothers that are
on in the morning yeah they blow badly okay well thanks for the good news thank you do we
care about four-mire's radio no but thanks for the report five six seven look at this look at how
we here we go what did I just say minutes ago they're out of material already you can you can smell it
you can smell it when crusty old parts like that guy three calls ago when they start calling and
you know they're out of material how come you're out of the cell yeah he ought to well open the water
knots you they make a good pair in fact maybe that was her doing a voice five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line we've got the greatest goddamn thing in the
world going on right here right here in our town it's a beautiful new macarena and these people what
do they got to say about it nothing absolutely positively nothing because they refuse to learn I
will not have a good time I will not get turned out of something good I will not learn anything new
I'm a dunderhead and I like it that way that's what they're saying
I'm a one-dimensional myopic little dunderhead I'm what this town is all about is what they're saying
here's a mobile and four-lotterdale hello
Neil yes sir how are you doing today very good I'm a cop down here in Tasselard at this first
time I live before the radio station but we're talking about this unruly parenting and that's
a big story to death but the problem is these days that parents want to be a kid's best friend
you know I thought that I was about twenty six years old and when I was going up you know you
finally was your father your mother was your mother you had your offer and you didn't have to
work out them being buddy books with you right and you got and they got a little bit respect but
before you'd go to an event like that you'd already know they would have already taught you to
have respect for other people and they don't you keep people in the back of the head and stuff like
that yeah absolutely right you know and now I'm moving on in my father we have a great
relationship when I was a kid I set that you know it's all over it's just a bomb so I'm not
going to take up any more of your time I just want to comment on that okay pal have a great
thing you did okay we got 45,000 open lines here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile implantation hello yeah I know you're like a breath of
fresh air yes I am I just a quick question for you I moved up from Miami to plantations
on this past year and you know I don't really know too many places like you know a middle age
regular five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile
and coil spring hello and you know I can actually be 20 miles going down in the
panthers when I like crazy no not at all no they were when you like crazy before he was in done
that's why he was sitting in the seat I don't know they were okay but I think that they're having a
much more successful season now within gone I don't even know what it kept going on but
for let me let me ask you this question let me say it again just like I got a one of the
bellyic about Robbie and how he don't plan so good well why would we want to talk about Chris
Wells the team is spectacular they're dynamic why would anybody with a brain call this show and
keep beating over on Chris well I'm surprised they're not calling about two barns again
one dimensional people negative three negative three sour negative three he's gone sir he's
long gone and he ain't coming back they admitted a mistake a bad mistake and he has absolutely
nothing to do with what's going on right now which is great but all these people want to do is
bitch and moan and I'm the one that's aggravated not me oh my god this this show I'm
going to this is the most accurate reflection of what this town is all about it has been for years
all you have to do is listen to these collars every day and you know exactly what you're in for here
this is it what you hear is definitely what you get
nine minutes afternoon the five sixty WQM
wow the panthers host the red hot new shirts and a battle of the big and leaders wins
they know join the new ones who the panthers are ready for the action
and there's preview start to set here on 4 3DO 560 QAK
okay 13 past noon at 560 well let's put that press conference on here right now what do you say no
no
that's yesterday's news George I mean he's a good guy Jim Trey Crawford one of our engineers
came in here in the horror her coons traded Keith P. Moe to the flyers for Brindamore
that's yesterday's news I mean he meant well but though I already know that
uh-huh come on top of these things uh-huh yeah wow but if there's a press conference let's put
on here what are they saying come out 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T anybody want to hear
what they're saying no I don't either yesterday's news here's a lady in Springfield hello
hi Neil yes ma'am hi this is Cindy from Springfield Mass Springfield Mass intuitions all right yeah
I talked to you I was the first one to call you on the on the line right way back when
and I want to call and say hi and uh say hi to my boyfriend Nick and Lantana uh-huh
and uh actually gave me your CD for Christmas great yeah great and and I wanted to wish him and his
family uh happy Australia day it's this Wednesday um-hmm how you been great it's cold here yeah
and it's warm here yeah and have a great day sweetheart okay you too bye bye five six seven
oh five sixty we got 60 thousand open lines here waiting on you no waiting today
she was gonna not take any calls today but boy I sure am glad that I did because otherwise we couldn't
hurt from that guy and four Myers with that uh-kid that needs to be spanked needs a whooping
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line just like if you're on a plane
and you're unfortunate enough to have somebody with a little kid sitting behind you a kid that's
old enough to have legs long enough to be kicked in the back of your seat you see if if it's me
and that happens you just turn around and blow their crap away of course you can't have a gun on
a plane that's really problem with that even a water pistol the only thing worse than kids
like that is the parents who uh- permit that to go on because if it weren't for those parents it
wouldn't go on here's for a lot of Dale hello hello you fat bag you speaking I got listen I got
something for you get off your knees I got you I got something for you too pal
here's open park hello Neil yes sir what's up great game to the night yeah
would you think about that call in the playoffs at all there are terrible awful I mean the worst
call in the history of any sport in that the Tampa game yesterday how in God's name is he over
all that if that's a catch I mean if that's a catch if that's not a catch what what does
they consider a catch anymore yeah I mean the ball did hit the ground but he had his hands around
he had full control and possession some are all in bed and of course the pack can't see anything
because he's got one I follow them as head but even they both knew it was a catch that was it
disgrace and you know at least they would have made the last 45 48 seconds exciting oh man I tell
you because I'm telling that would have been the only excitement that was the most ponderous
freaking game Jesus yeah and and thank God Tampa didn't get in the way when he come right down or
can you see a Super Bowl with the way they would have give me that one to what he gave me that
pick with the with the teaser yeah okay great oh did you did you hear that George he get
a handkerchief with the teaser that's our poll question who do you like better today the teaser
with the beavers you gambling people don't you get it don't you understand don't you pot can't
you fathom that there were those of us who don't care about betting on sporting events can't
you understand that oh what about how much five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line it's just it see there I go again though I'm not gonna let it get to me I'm not
because I don't want my BS back in my IBS I mean he starts up I'm making a good point and it was
a horrible call and I forgot to mention that it was grotesque and unacceptable but then he's got to
give me I don't who cares I don't care whether you want money out or not now last a couple of
Monday's you go to a compound park about the seven over the two three four and the seven broken
the start and the two took a crap of the I mean who cares nobody cares that's not interesting
radio it's swell it's slime it's mucus god here's a mobile in the western hello mobile in western
hey how you doing Neil great great got a question for you what's the scoop with Tom Green show
anymore there's your showing repeats all the time anymore well he's busy I don't know well what do
you think's gonna happen they go to make it down here to South Florida is it well I think what
if they ever make it down here to see us no never he does most of the stuff up in Canada that's
where he's from some most of the business done up there oh because I've been watching him for a
while now I notice it's all repeat yeah well that's a great show it is a great show but the problem
is that they just don't have enough different stunts I guess to fill up your show in addition
to which MTV specializes in that anyway they take something they show it over and over and over
again till it's coming out your ears I hear you how you feel great and sensational better than
I have in a month sorry for all these people on the phone today you know how they are on Monday doesn't
phase me pal just keep it up in one ear and I got everybody in my family listening in the
all right maybe you'll see you down at the track have a great life all right buddy five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line in one record and out the other ear
that's how it goes you fat fat yeah
those are people that are making like four or five bucks an hour people like that you know
people are only wish to take it afford a real life assuming that they would know what one is
here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah sure yes I'm good afternoon I was coming about well first
of all there's that telephone system you guys have their stock and okay you know it's I have a
quick comment about that here they are I'm not on this show you don't five six seven oh five don't
you understand to see that they all have hearing problems maybe they maybe the guy from the hockey
game started out to be talking to these people and going up about three inches away from the
air and shouting at the air hey guess what we're not talking about that asshole
what which asshole are you talking about any other one you want but not that asshole
no say permissa a key you got it no way Jose we're not interested we're tired of it we got
alien coming out of our rectum ears no mice pro mice regalato or otherwise
we're out of our face and by the way go get your teeth on maybe Hank can hook some of those people
up with a dentist whoever he's going through today yeah I got a good dentist maybe I'll
allow I wouldn't wish it on my dentist send him over to see got Dr. Gary why no okay I don't have
to chop that off anymore thank God you know Dr. Gary why great dentist only one problem with Dr.
Gary why you know what that is he can't think for sh** okay let's go to Miami hello
Neil yes sir that afternoon I was wondering if you just heard about what that fat but
we'll say about 12 po just did sir are you starting again with that what did I just get your
sound no no this not about him this is about him setting a letter to Janorino sir let me say it
again I am not discussing that crap to they on this epic show do you understand no
and no matter how much you try to how you try to present it no matter how much whip cream and
cherries and nuts you put on it the answer is still no let me say it again no no no no I don't want to
hear one more whisper about Jose basuto linking the Esbalah Ilya Narosla latent in the Rosanna
death I don't want to hear any of that crap it doesn't have anything to do with my life or your life
or the real world it's crap it's kaka it's the worst swill in the history of the human race
even managed knows what it is kaka poop this one right what else what am I miss it not much
here's a mobile in four-letter day hello hey Neil I do it okay
CLI want to bring up I couldn't get get you last week when we were going to subject of fed cheese
though I just want to fix the story I owned a deli up in Boston yeah and we had this guy come in
and we had fun with the deli we had six works at lunch time behind making sales is lined
out the door and we had this one guy who was coming at rush hour at lunch time and had
ordered a liverware fed cheese and you had a sphere the liverware spawned on the roll with extra
much did and and on you now if you know anything about the deli business well you know the liverware
and fed cheese will you know machines the deli machines will tie them up because you know it gets
all over them and then you got to clean machines before you can make the next day yeah so this
went on to two weeks this guy coming in at the same time the same thing with every day finally
I got to hold on to it except to him I said listen this head cheese I said the FDA is we're going
to pull it out because it's my good for you they found out that it'll do something to you so I think
I yeah so the guy finally I thought the only way I could stop him I mean it is the worst the most
disgusting between liverware fed cheese yeah I mean I couldn't do it I don't mind liverware but to
look at look at head cheese how could anybody look at it and eat it especially with liverware
still I'm trying something if you ever smell that thing with you would never eat it it would tell
yeah I just want to relate that story to you thanks thanks for the good news pal nice job here's
one of the guys in America trying to stamp out head cheese okay there are a lot of things like
that you know they might taste okay but do you want to close your eyes before you put it in your mouth
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line I think a lot of you
guys out there know what I'm talking about oh it's my drizzly yeah after close your eyes real tight
and hold on hold your breath hope for the best here's Miami hello yeah sir okay
isn't that the goal of your show yeah that's the goal of my show are you on a pay phone or something
I'm on a crappy day oh man it works I would not get a refund removing seven all these phones
again on the system plan okay us too that's what I hear okay I have a great day pal get a new phone
woofro something like that five six seven oh five sixty yeah the art of the phone how about
somebody out there making a phone that really works wouldn't that be great
with all the technology we got with TVs and HD TV and all this other stuff coming along and
phones just not good why should it be so hard we get calls from overseas and they sound better
than one of the calls we get from right here at time from like five blocks up the road there
when a Jamaican's call in it got the got their special on good weed yeah can't understand
the damn thing we're saying damn it when those imperious Jake and Jamaican women are calling in
that's our poll question day by the way who'd you rather hang out with an imperious Jamaican
woman or some young Cuban bitch like that Marissa whatever her name is I don't say it who's got
the better dope oh no question about that yeah man so anyway let's find some good Colombians out there
I'll say it again I was wrong the Colombians are generally very ugly people I just wanted to
accept and years ago and I kind of like stayed in my head here's the mobile and Hollywood hello
hello
hello Hollywood yes sir Neil yes I just got to tell you that I got a little dish and I love it I
don't have to watch any local news none of that both Schmidt right that's going on and guess who
calls me today the news taking a poll on that little piece of Schmidt and to go back to Cuba can you
believe it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight but he wasn't his fault
they called him up to take a poll and he said give him a poll like a fishing pole and put him on a
little rookie boat and send him back okay goodbye bye bye bye junior and don't take that dog because
you know how to treat her right just holding that dog up 20 I'm sorry I don't like that I'm a
dog lover you don't hold a dog like that you know the only the only creature would hold a dog
like that would be Elante Cleisto would do that that's what I read in the Bible that's what the
good book says Elante Cristo holds the dog up by like under the front legs and let all its weight
hang down about its ass in on a rectum oh that's bad that's real bad I think that's
proven to provide that of these people aren't teaching oh sorry wake up with the first
piece your road you have to harvest and speed both feet week day mornings and six only on
fourth radio five sixty QA count oh five two
off I love the super nose each week on HBO far much evil I'll be staying set up by a
little June Tony's mom's a loon now he knows who wants to be trained he goes to therapy
six Josec Haley wants to be with the mouthpiece yes one thing I know I just love the soprano
they ship winds all 16 am is because the
a
heat
knees
the
Him and Carmella living in New Jersey,
They are the family,
Don't do better thing,
They can girls dance sing,
Oh, the time,
Sing better,
But a thing,
But a thing,
Lee, avoid the cops,
They don't stop.
I love the brides,
No,
Oh, yeah, I love them.
We will see,
But Tony,
I have to see,
Big pussy,
His mommy,
It's crazy,
I want nobody,
Nobody,
Nobody,
Nobody,
Nobody,
I know,
I want nobody,
Nobody,
Nobody to miss this show,
It's beyond the sun,
Reynolds,
Oh, yeah,
I can see,
Yeah,
431-56,
I should mention,
By the way, you can get the Gapilta fish
For the back of your car,
It's got the fish sign,
Only it says Gapilta in the middle,
Right off the internet,
Archimix-V,
Free gifts with every order, by the way.
Archimix-V,
MCP-H-E-E
And it says Gapilta,
Now you can let everyone on the road
Know that you like to nosh on the Gapilta fish.
It says Gapilta comes from the English word for stuff,
Because the fishkin was wrapped around the
Paddy before baking.
Hey, we just learned something today,
How do you like that?
The fishkin was wrapped around the paddy before baking
And that's where the word comes from, Gapilta.
And then of course they put that,
That's smarmy,
A snot,
Around it in the jar,
The gel,
Whatever the hell they call it,
Oh, God,
It looks kind of interesting,
But it's not.
56670560,
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's North Miami,
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, El?
Great.
Listen, I'm,
I was listening to you last week when you were saying that you had gone for that,
They gave you that barium atom and everything.
Yeah, I was passing blood.
I had went and got a checkup doctor,
They sent me for that test and everything else,
And they found that I had what's called internal hemorrhoids.
And this doctor was pushing the laser surgery.
The one thing that they don't tell you about is,
After the surgery,
The procedure that they have to do to you,
Which is basically because of the development of scar tissue,
They have to stretch it back to its normal size.
If I had known this,
Yeah.
I would have tried to find another one.
So I had to go through four weeks of this,
This is something inserted and they used,
It's a tool that they used to stretch the scar tissue.
You want to say it was not.
It's like a tool in your back,
Yeah, wow.
And then the thing is because it was a teaching hospital,
I had the, I had to go through other people's hospital.
Oh, no, a teaching hospital.
Oh, no.
There's nothing there was the only one experiment with your rectum.
Yeah, it was the only one that the coverage,
You know, the medical coverage I had,
It would allow me to go to.
Now the subject I want to touch on is the reason why all these old cubans
Have this hatred for cadal besides the government is going on.
My father was part of the over-jean.
And he said that what happened was a lot of times they have to delve
Surrounded when they, you know,
When he was going through this revolutionary process.
And the reason they wanted him in is because
The bell came from a wealthy do family and he was educated.
And the people that had the money had a problem with the teeth of being that he was
Of a slight darker hue.
So when the bell took over,
He told them that they had 24 hours to get out of the country and 23 hours are up.
All these people had to run out and leave everything behind.
That they were going to have themself a poppet ruler and he just about.
So this is why all these all these political crazy people.
Yeah, crazy people over here have this hatred for him.
Not to say that the dollar is the best thing that ever happened to Cuba if you look at the history of the world.
Okay, I have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Rios line.
Do we want to talk about Q?
No.
I mean, that was pretty interesting.
The first part, but do we want to talk about Q?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Okay.
Nice talking to you too.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
How are you doing?
With Tom Green show, I heard that MTV fired up wrong.
No.
No.
Sir, don't get sucked into those internet rumors.
Okay.
Totally untrue, sir.
Let me say it again.
He didn't dress up as Hitler at a bar mitzvah and MTV didn't fire him and it's a bogus.
It's another one of those stupid internet the things.
Same with request.
Yes, sir.
Where's the spare spare?
All right.
All right.
By the way, isn't that in here yet?
What?
The Britney Spears thing.
He's talking about the one under under rage.
It's your better, but I mean, if that's from...
Look at that.
It's not in there.
Yeah, I'll find it.
It's on disc 138.
What a mind of what a memory I got.
Have I got a memory?
What?
It's not in there.
It's called under rage.
It's the name of its origin.
It ain't in there.
Trust me.
Believe me.
I'm sharp today.
Sharp is a mutzable.
Sharp is a piece of a filter fish with a geforce gun wrapped around it.
I'll get to it.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, you need it.
Yes.
I'd like to...
Okay.
Pony voice.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'd like to take a big, very, am animized, but I would go ahead and answer.
Be our guest.
Okay.
Stuff that thing way deep in your...
Correct.
You have a blast, so to speak.
Here's Hi, Leah.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Enjoy the show.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I went through all those tests that you went through and the answer was nothing.
And then about ten days ago, the doctor said, here, I'm going to put you on this keyflex.
500 milligram, free pills a day.
The turkey's a smell like sulfur.
You're not supposed to break them open or what have you.
Neil, I'm cured.
And I had it.
Even one visit to the emergency room.
Yeah.
Keyflex 500 milligram.
I can't believe it.
You've got the stickier spooner at lad.
Don't worry.
Take your treat.
I think you taught me that.
Hey, enjoy in the show.
Okay, thank you.
Easy.
Okay, tata.
He was saying...
You've got the stickier spooner at lad.
Don't worry. It's not going to break.
We don't talk to too many people that kind of an accident do it, which is...
No.
Probably just as well.
Now he's good.
Good guy.
He took his teeth like so.
I'm not taking anything.
Am I going to take it?
No.
Maybe a good dump every now and then.
Can't hurt.
I feel great today.
I feel almost human in spite of this place.
Because I made up my mind this morning.
Come in the lights are all out.
The fuses are blown.
The phone is all screwed up.
And I said to myself,
Hey, I finally made all this progress.
I found out there's no major catastrophe going on in my body.
For an old fart, for an old fat bag, who's really out of shape.
Actually, it's a miracle that I'm doing this well.
And so why the hell punish myself?
Because Greg reads an asshole.
And the beastly's make him look good.
What does that tell you?
I mean, I'm not just saying that it happens to be true.
This man is a compulsive wannabe.
Who is destroyed people's lives by pretending and, you know,
by maintaining things that are totally untrue.
How's that other 1150 bucks, by the way, from the OJ Gal tournament?
How's that coming up?
We ever going to see that?
No.
No.
I mean, just knowing that he and his henchmen
and his little inner circle, Jerko Peoples, knew all about that.
OJ thinks that tells you right there that you're never going to get the truth out of this guy.
He could tell you what day of the week it is you'd run to the counter and live in double check.
He could tell you it's raining outside.
You'd run to the window.
It's sick your thing out the window.
Because he's a bullshit artist.
That's exactly, so am I going to let him a person like that destroy my life?
No.
Just give me the check.
I'll be a couple.
Wait until I'll come in and do the best I can with a crap that you give me to do it.
They got that nice studio over there.
Just yards away from us.
They got a big, just a octagonal talk studio in there with eight million microphones around it.
All kinds of good stuff.
Of course, they don't have their own phone there in a control room so they can communicate with the outer world.
Because do they have it?
No.
No.
Because that might cost a few bucks.
Don't you understand, folks?
They just haven't got it.
They haven't got the money.
They're trying so desperately to be something that they're not.
And that is big shots.
And they are with the eye.
Where the OS supposed to be.
They got an eye in there.
Instead of an O, they got a...
Yeah, big ground one.
22 before 1 in 560 QA.
The sports leader.
We love the leader.
Sports radio 560.
QA.
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
All right.
How young you two young?
Tell me that you love my eyes.
I know that you keep on checking up my eyes.
Yeah.
I'll tell you because I'm very cute.
Check out my breath.
They're poking my mouth.
I'll tell you.
It's coming out to me.
I'm not putting something in my head.
It sounds dark.
Oh, but if you want to tell me.
You know, the things about me.
I don't think you know.
I like it.
I'm on the edge.
And I'm see.
You should be kidding.
Cause you could go to jail and nothing with me.
If I breathe, you and your friends are me.
She was 25, but she's just a few.
No big deal.
I've been my last breathe.
Daddy's called a cousin, my name's so.
I've got some perfect feelings because I've had such a big.
You're my cousin, my name.
I'm not but a few.
Welcome.
She's a great, she's okay.
She's a great, she's fine.
You should be scared of her.
Yeah, the number of rolling stars, grandlaters, and sign of mine.
You're a great, she's okay.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
It's a 1244, she's legal age now.
That's her.
I don't know.
I guarantee she's doing somebody.
Of course, we don't really know what it is or five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
I'm sure a lot of people out there are wondering.
You know, people kind of like.
Yeah.
Wonder about those things.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on our AT&T wireless line.
Come on, Whitney and Burray, Burray and Whitney.
Any interest out there?
Anybody know what I'm talking about?
Anybody excited and whipped up to a friend?
No.
No.
No.
Very, very sad.
Tragic, I feel so sorry for those of us for the, the, the, the, the handful of us,
with an IQ bigger than our thumbnail in this town that have got any kind of taste for life.
This is not a place for people with a taste for life.
That's why I keep telling you every chance I get I get on a plane.
I go with they're living and breathing people, happy people, friendly people, exciting people,
interesting people, erotic people, erotic people, something.
Here it's, ehh, and even these people that are coming, they can't stop.
Like the guy that started with that story about Castro and right away then he starts saying,
I don't want to talk about that.
I don't care about Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, even Philip Cuba, okay from the Panthers.
I don't care about him.
He's small potatoes.
We don't care.
Doesn't affect my life.
Doesn't have, there is not one moment of the day unless I'm in a day that I'm in the media with it,
which immediately I turn over to some other satellite thing out of this God for Second Town
and they're not talking about this crap.
There's not one moment of the day when I think about those things.
It has no impact on my existence on this planet.
Hollywood, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Thank you for cutting that history lesson off about who's darker for them.
Oh for crying out loud, what the hell was that?
The darkest are those Aztec Indians with a bad teeth down there on the Southwest A3.
Let me remind you that it's going to take you back a few years out from out of town
and a friend of mine brought me to a place in Fort Lauderdale called September's or October's.
You know a place like that, still around September or October's?
The name of the, the, the, the, the, how about Jimmy January's?
Jimmy January's, no, I think it was September.
And what about it?
Another, there's another place that was on 127th Street in Biscay called the Rancher Lounge.
No, I have no idea what that is.
What's happening to this area?
Meaning what?
What was the Rancher Lounge?
What was that?
It was a great jazz club.
It was a tremendous place.
Yeah, how, now what was this?
18 what?
1842?
It was a few years.
Yeah, I was.
So what, what does that mean though?
I mean, if it's there, it's there and if it's not, it's not.
I'm lost.
Where do I go?
What do I do?
Back where you came from.
5 6 7 0 5 6 T, pound 5 6 T on the 18 T wireless line.
He's lost it.
Sir, you're what it's all about.
You're what I was just talking about.
We already got three million people like you.
We don't need any more.
What do I do?
Where do I go?
The rainforest club.
Go on the rainforest.
Go on the goddamn jungle.
Go on playing the rain in the rain in the rain puddle somewhere.
I don't know what to tell you.
Scott wants me to find him a life.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I have bad news for you, man.
Yeah, okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I get even worse news for you that dial tone you hear came from this end.
You know what I'm saying?
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Hang up on me.
Okay.
I'm glad we didn't hear that squeal.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Ray and Paul Bell.
Paul Bell and Ray.
Victor.
Ray and Paul Bell.
Yeah, that's a start.
That's an improvement.
What a game, though, Neil.
Yeah.
I'm going to kick the devil's ass Wednesday night.
I hope we have a crowd there, man.
If we don't, I'm going to be pissed off.
I'm going to get on the PA and pitch him out.
Let me tell you something.
And that shows you how a little one note trolley like you say along this town is.
The office season is dead and buried.
And they're still tough.
Where are they talking about?
Danny.
Danny, Danny.
Who's going to be the, who cares?
Who's going to be the defensive coordinator?
Oh, gee, that's exciting.
Why can't they talk about what's going on?
I can't think of anything more offensive than that.
I'll tell you what, there's Panthers.
I mean, you know, you got to, you ripped them a couple of years when they weren't doing it.
But now, like I said, you tell like it is.
The way when he was making bad deals and he made that one real bad trade.
Right.
I ripped him and asked me to serve them.
And he's lucky that he got another chance.
And he's made the most of it.
And he's rid of the Burried Trade was one of the best trades in history.
And he picked up Whitney Offway for wires for almost a month.
And he got in and had a kid was in that Burried Trade was phenomenal.
And then he's done some good deals.
And getting Vernon here was great.
And they're playing with balls.
Look at the pits.
Yeah, Pinlican Simpson, they're kicking to mass.
I mean, even the hits that I went to the flyers game last Monday.
Oh, man, well, these guys got a spano's got a stop getting those stupid penalties like that stick in the face there.
Near the end of the game, gave the power play, nearly gave the game away.
Hey, I had a question.
You have to stick up and Joe Thornton's face right in front of the referee.
Come on, Robert. Cut the crap, sweetheart.
Yes sir.
Watch that pits for Philly game last night.
I forgot it was on.
I said like the last couple of minutes in the overtime.
It was a little spear by Keith Jones.
Oh, he's a dirty player that Keith Jones.
Yeah.
Anyway, hey, hey, hey.
Well, that's how Philly plays.
There's always been a dirty team forever.
There are dirty, stinking teams.
One quick question for Neil.
If a player gets a game as conduct, he's gone for the game.
Okay, Keith promotes the vides that whole team and turns him into a pile of crap.
What is it?
What's a player gets a game as conduct?
He's gone for the game, right?
Right.
Okay, but there's no other suspension after that over the tee day.
It all depends if they review after he's done something.
It depends on what he did.
Okay.
Depends on how many you have Teethy knocked out.
Okay, I just just check it.
But, you know, I mean, this is, I mean, this is the team is playing phenomenal.
They got balls now.
They're scoring.
I mean, you've got to lose only elements.
I think the sports guys on this station better catch up.
The only one that even mentions is a Hank and he's not even a hockey fan.
But even he knows that there's something great going on over there.
If they do talk about what they want to know is who they're dating.
Yeah, right.
How are you doing with the ladies with the ladies?
Have a great day, pal.
Later.
Yeah.
How are you doing with the ladies?
Oh, that's Joe Rose, man.
He is easy, anti-Christ.
Make no mistake about it.
I guarantee he ain't no tight end anymore.
That's what I'm hearing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got the out of town line waiting on you for the whole world.
The whole universe we're sitting here on Pins and Neals.
Sorry.
Wait for that line to ring.
It could be something good.
877-785-6345.
It could be from Lucerne, Switzerland.
It could be a call from God, Dan Geneva, New Yorker, Switzerland.
Whatever you like.
On that line, nine.
Oh, God.
No, it's good that I'm not eating in here.
And then you'll pick up the same thing.
And no more food in here.
Stop eating.
Good.
Stop being sick all the time.
You're another one.
You're sitting there, eating that crap and running.
We're sitting down a hall.
We're running down a hall.
We're running down your legs.
The thing is Joe.
Huh?
I can't go during that.
There have been times once.
Well, there once was more than a moment.
Oh, now that nobody's here anymore.
What do you mean by that?
Joe's not around anymore.
What do you mean Joe's not around?
What is he doing here now?
A lot of things.
Weekend stuff updates the occasional.
Well, if you get paid by the hours, you got to save him.
He gets paid by the hour?
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Don't be sure if you're there.
Kind of income, but he has now.
Hey, he's no judge.
Freedom of men.
Of course, he turned out at job with Egor.
I can't blame him for that because that has to do with the water.
No, he doesn't want to work with that.
Something like an assailed people.
Sales people.
The whole sales department.
Like fat boy.
How can he still be here by the way, fat boy?
I'm down to this morning.
The door wasn't open.
Maybe nobody could get in.
So like Adam and the four of us standing out there waiting for something to open the
goddamn door to get into work, which is really a great power for the course.
And here's fat boy comes.
Hey, Pally.
Hey, Pally.
And I shouldn't know at that point that the lights would be out in this place.
I shouldn't know.
There would be something really bad to start my week by seeing that tub of turd.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Of course you're the one that always hated them.
Yes, sir.
Am I on?
Yes, sounds like you.
All right.
First time caller.
All right.
When most hardcore hockey fans there are.
And the one thing that really upsets me is that it's their Miami herald.
Yeah.
And nothing's in it about our planters.
Right.
I win that big game Saturday night over time or the best games of the year and you're tempted
to turn to page 12 in the sports section yesterday to find anything about it in the
hero.
Just unacceptable.
I'm jumping up and down screaming.
I'm waiting to read something in the paper and nothing.
And last time I checked, Niger St. Louis or Edelow or Tennessee plays their games in this
town.
Do they?
Would this be a super bowl craft?
Either one of them plays here.
Is there any interest to people here except the gamblers maybe?
Five pages.
Eight pages.
Eight million pages on a stupid bowl craft.
Yeah.
And last time I checked their plan in Atlanta this year.
Is this Atlanta?
No.
So who the hell cares?
A lot of things.
Right.
All right.
I see one.
I have to get that off my chest.
See one thing, man.
When did I?
The New Jersey devil.
I'm going to tell you something.
Right now you people better be driving to the mac or read to the ticket office right now.
I take back what I said Friday.
I take it back.
I'm not willing to sit back and accept this.
I'm going to keep, you know, something I can't force anybody to go.
But God damn it.
I'm still going to give my opinion.
I think it sucks.
I think it stinks.
And I think that we ought to keep track.
You know how you when you go into some places like in some records store they have those
cards, you know, and you punch so many punches and you get a free one or whatever discount.
I think they ought to do the same thing with the Panthers.
And you ought to have some kind of a card and you have to have gone to at least one regular
season game before they'll set you a ticket for the playoffs.
Yeah.
And if you can't show a card with at least one punch in it, we're going to punch you in
a push.
How do you like that?
Oh.
Great idea.
All these bandwagon jamboree line up there.
Isn't it waving their little banners out the window like a bunch of little school kids?
Those people suck.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Go on.
Come on.
Neil, if this is so bad, why don't you move the 7th to school?
Not a cone.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pond 5 60 on the 18th.
It was a Cuban.
He's a not a cone.
Out of town line 877 785 6345 877 785 6345 875 875 6345.
H8 San Francisco.
I can't stand it.
Preason.
Here's a mobile in Tamara.
Kela.
How you doing, Neil?
OK.
I'm a hockey fan for a lot of years.
I'm a broom fan for 40 years.
I went to the game on Saturday.
I only go into broom's play and I'll show you why.
Yes.
OK.
I had people behind me.
I had a bunch of drunken Cubans when they 5 6 7 0 5 60 Pond 5 60 on the 18th.
T.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
How are you?
First time call.
I have a football question for you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 Pond 5 60 on the 18th.
T.
T.
T.
T.
T.
There's a Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
It's talking about point at.
Spread this right.
Spread your.
Correct?
It sounds like you got a lot of experience.
This is why I like it.
8 million calls, man.
Not quantity, but quantity.
8 Billion calls.
Let's just keep pouring them through there for a Monday.
We already took more calls than we have in the last 17
Roadies and roll.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Don't expect the quality here because they can't
have an potential to conversation about these things.
Anyway, because they don't know what I'm talking about so the best you can know for is
Yeah, like that
Yeah, spread them
Dano
That's what Jack Lord always used to send and they had to cancel the show 4 minutes before one at five 60 WQ amp
Jim Mandage toss
Oh
It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
This
I see yummy, just like we do.
All voices are fake, and we get a headache.
You're easier, you're easier, you're raining.
And totally here, up in and away.
Could be the gas, the pep of a no-so.
I can say, Christ, please, say, so out of use.
But no one can tell.
Yeah, people, you're a person, oh, we don't care here.
People come to our conference, and we are making their ears out of place.
Cause we stop gas.
Yeah, they suck all right.
One o'clock at 5'60, WQAM.
5'67, 05'60, POM 5'60 on the AT&T line.
POM Beach 4 Myers, the entire free world, can call toll free 877-785-0.
785-63-45.
Here's Sunrise, hello.
Yes, sir.
As far as people that are living down here, they are obviously they have problems.
But I was thinking maybe Louis Luther, Arizona, or Nevada, and I was thinking I'll be listening to your comments.
5'67, 05'60, POM 5'60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Season ticket holder from the beginning.
32-50-65 dollars for a low bowl seat.
I drive up there from...
I drive up there from P-Rion for the games.
I think it's great the way they are jell-in playing together.
They can't say enough about Cosloth and Burry.
But I noticed in the game the other night, and all season long, you got these guys that are making a difference.
Ryan Johnson, and Stuart Goddard, guys got big hearts.
Right.
Man, a little guy like Johnson, he's in there just tagging.
He's tremendous.
He played a hell of a game the other night.
Hey, I love you, show.
Way to call it.
Link, you see it.
Thanks.
Okay.
Now, Ryan Johnson, that kid's... he's a player, man.
He's a tough little kid.
Doug, they're puking out in the corner and got it loose.
And when he goes in there and picks it up and slides it right across a great pass.
As Harry Neal would say, I love a little pass.
The mark, Parrish, who sticks it in the net.
It's real excitement, man.
And if some of you dead heads out there, okay.
So the price is steep.
So get you the Panther Pack.
Get some of the nosebleeds, okay?
Sure, never can't play a people away from that orange bowl.
And believe me, that place is a toilet.
You couldn't find one, but it is a toilet.
And all these people were there reminiscing and living in the past.
Oh, gee, we should be playing in the orange bowl.
The orange bowl was a disaster.
You had to take along preparation H just for the hemorrhoids you'd pop after sitting through a hat, just the first half.
Plus, forget about finding a toilet.
A disaster.
Plus, getting ripped off the pay on those crazy Cubans, you know, under their lawn down there.
Park around the orange bowl.
Here is a place it's clean, it's safe, it's beautiful, it's spacious.
Hold up a guy named Convenience Store and get you some money and go over there, okay?
We're in tonight and stop it all the excuses.
This is a town built on excuses.
And if there are two things I don't want to hear anymore, one is alien and two is excuses.
Those two, that's our New Year's resolution.
It's only the 24th of January.
A little bit late.
Better late than never.
No moss.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
80L.
Yes sir.
Sensually depositive.
The best news they share on TV this weekend was the great weather we're having.
Everybody's freezing in love so far.
We're beautiful down here.
Yeah.
46 and 10 is criminal.
I go away to get back up here to see five and twelve.
It's the other bombage murders and robbers.
The guy in Fort Myers.
What he should do is correct his kids like the god it did was two twin girls in the shining.
And closing brother, quiet as Jesus.
Oh man.
56670560, pound 560 on.
I feel great man.
I got the BS out of the IBS.
And I'm not saying it's not going to come back.
I don't know because I haven't eaten anything.
You've eaten anything all day?
No.
And I had those big beans with onions yesterday because I'm going to bring that book in tomorrow.
That's the 2030 whatever it is fiber in the fat and fiber.
So you think where it is because you know the fact is that none of these people, nutritionist doctors,
they don't know crap.
They don't know Schmidt.
That all they do is guessing.
And one person says oh yeah drink wine there be day.
And the other one says oh no it's going to give you something you know hemorrhoids whatever.
Everybody tells you something different.
But the problem was when they said stop eating the fat.
They replaced it with sugar with refined carbohydrates.
That was the problem.
There's no way in the world you should be eating a lot of fat.
No way Jose.
Because fat calories are the there the easiest ones to one of the hardest ones.
However that works.
How does that work?
It takes more energy to burn up the carbohydrate calories than does the calories from fat.
You follow what I'm saying?
So the fat calories just later.
Or is it the other way around?
Well something like that.
See I don't even know what I'm talking about.
But I'm having a good time doing it.
Low fat but fiber.
You got to have your fiber.
Because then you won't have to take all these goddamn test that I take because fiber.
And I'll make a sh**.
That's right.
And that's the most important thing in life.
Don't ever forget it.
Just ask the people in Tamarack they'll tell you.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey Neil, great show.
That's my mother.
She'll tell you all about her.
She knows her Schmidt.
Yes sir.
Man, some of those last calls you had were something else.
Where's something else?
That's right.
It's Monday man.
What did he?
Two things.
I went to the game the other night.
What a fantastic place that was.
Yeah.
I mean it's beautiful.
And what a great game.
Sure was.
I was happy to see them win the way they did.
Yeah.
And second thing is I'm moving up the sunrise.
So I'm out of Kendall as of night.
Oh nice go, Pat.
You're moving in the right direction.
That's what they tell me.
Good start.
That's what they tell me.
Anyway, it's just why.
Just bring along your methamusel and your bag when you come to sunrise.
Just be prepared.
Well, great show.
Neil, have a good one.
Okay, back to you.
Take care.
There's your guy that's making the right move from Kendall.
So with all the respect to my friends down there in Kendall, Kendall blows.
But, huh?
Hate it down there.
Oh, it can't drive.
I mean, there's some nice people down there, but Kendall and the whole family.
Even when I lived there a hundred years ago, it was so congested.
It was impossible.
It was impossible and impossible.
And on those occasions now at ML, we have to do an appearance down there.
Oh man.
You get on Kendall's drive and you ask yourself, what am I doing here?
Why did I make this move?
What did I do wrong in my life to deserve this?
Sunset, Kendall, drive that thing called the Dixie highway?
Dixie highway.
Well, what kind of a highway is it?
Whoever heard of a highway, it's got like a traffic light every two blocks.
Well, what kind of a highway is that?
The Dixie highway.
Only in this town could they pedal crap to the public like that.
Oh, it's the Dixie highway.
Could it fool me?
Looks like some other street with a bunch of traffic lights every block or two.
Dixie highway.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Hey, so that guy that makes 70 grand, get a few people together and split some tickets.
He's making excuses for lights and go again.
Oh, yeah, he won't sit in the VCs.
He won't sit in the NoCs.
He's real picky.
So just another excuse.
Right, and I make much less than that, and I've put some seats, and I go to as many games as possible,
at least half of them.
Right.
It's good behind me, with about six years old.
Not only did he spill coke and kicked the back of my seat, but the whole game he's yelling,
Boston sucks.
Boston sucks.
Why isn't his dad like, you know, shut him up because he was yelling, Boston sucks the whole guy.
Well, you should have done this turn about and slapped him right in the push.
Really?
And that was big.
I thought the team looked a little bit tired at seven games in 11 days.
I thought they were a little tired, but they did play well.
Yeah, the first period was pretty slow, but though once they got going there, it was great.
Yeah, they were.
And now one question.
Do regulation ties count in the playoffs scenario ties?
A tiebreaker thing?
What do you mean?
Well, do the regulation ties when it comes to people?
Well, I'm sure that.
I mean, that would have to be so minute, it would have to be like a test tiebreaker.
I really don't know if they do or not, but I can't imagine they would ever get that far.
Yeah, it would be really down a low priority.
Right, it would be about the 600th tiebreaker.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Can I have a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
Take between a tie.
Okay.
No, does that mean he wants to hear the bidder?
Is it five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, eighty, eighty, eighty,
eighty wireless lines?
What did he say?
He didn't really say that.
Did he say that?
Uh-huh.
I was being a really good mover.
I just sat there and did you hear what he said?
No.
Oh, good.
The Panthers host the Red Hot and New Jersey Devil and a battle of two bigot leaders.
Win, say, nine.
Join the new one for the Panthers.
Six, eight, nine.
He's four.
And Randy Mueller for the action.
Panthers previewed the start to seven.
Here on Sports Radio 5, 60, QA.
If you haven't logged on to eBay, then first of all, you're a whist.
And second of all, you missed out on the opportunity to bid on discarded items inside the world's largest cyber trash can.
I just purchased a rusted handlebar from a girl's bicycle.
And it only cost me ten times as much as if I found it.
Romaji threw a fly-infested junkyard.
Nights of nerds, geeks, sweet end dorks have checked out the really awesome collection of garbage that you've never been able to find anywhere else.
And for good reason, I just paid $300 for the Maggi Takagi Rookie Baseball card.
And we all know who he is.
Yes, there's screen at the screen of classified ads.
Hocking crap that you wouldn't take money for if someone gave it to you.
So if you're in search of all that stuff, people wouldn't pay a plug and make a four at their neighbors garage sale, then you need to log on to eBay today.
Okay, 200,000, it's after one at five 60 WQM five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's on 96 George, isn't it?
We're looking for that, but I came to think what the hell. It's really calm.
One moment, please.
What do you look?
Okay, let's do a Hollywood call. Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I got a 24. Yes, sir.
Do you have to see the article this morning, six on sunrise, learn, get a learning new businesses into the city?
No.
Cash, lures, morphs, the sunrise.
Let's just take a turn along the way back to give everybody a hard time about what kind of science they're getting up there.
Yeah.
And the past in the year 99, they got 31 new businesses bought him.
They're trying to lead everybody around county's part of bringing that business is in.
Okay, thanks.
Whatever. Anybody know what he was just talking about?
No, but at least he can be time to look for that bit.
Here's the facts from Eric at our website, neo-riders.com.
Maybe this is why I can't get any new equipment that works for the record that Greg say he would get you a new as opposed to the youth phone system.
I knew we said February 14th, but what year did he say, right?
Well, here's another thing about this thing that we can't talk about on the year.
Find what.com receives $3 million in all I see.
$3 million investment from Beasley Broadcast Group.
A remnant provides a national radio advertising and online marketing for Find What.com.
Can they afford any money for us?
No.
No.
All these stations that they're buying, all of a sudden they're phoning below me that they're doing.
Can't afford, can't get fine two nickels to rub together for us.
The only way you get anything out of these people, you have to threaten them.
You have to keep threatening them and threatening them and threaten a lawsuit and taking them to court and then find, oh, okay, okay.
Which is always very pleasant.
Of course, gets your IBS going crazy again.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Veele.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm standing on the top of my roof here.
And if I hear one more word about this little Cuban boy, I'm going to jump.
What do you mean, Ileon?
Yeah.
If I hear one more word, I'm going to jump straight into the...
I mean, Ileon, Gonzalez.
Yep.
Yeah.
I'm going to jump straight into the...
Yeah, a little kid who is maybe going to go back and maybe...
Yeah, I'm going to jump straight into the...
Come on, let's go.
People are hoping or waiting.
I tried my best.
56670560, POM 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in Santa Bell.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil speaking of the Lousy Beasley cutting Hank off at four.
Yeah.
Putting on their signal units who didn't even know when the bookmiers had three games left in the season.
What's the final three games of the year?
Anyway, they were broadcasting.
I don't know if it was Wednesday or Thursday last week.
I was out in the Lexus and I put it on Neil.
And it wasn't coming in clear.
So I went and got this 750 IL, BMW.
And they were broadcasting on 76.7 AM.
Those idiots all day long.
They're all playing the same thing.
Everybody that could include it finally was having a buzz in the area.
Yeah.
They don't know if they reach 7 every day at 5 AM or what, but these idiots had it off.
Probably cheaper to broadcast.
We're a little bit down the dial.
No engineers.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
56670560, POM 560 on the AT&T line.
8777856345 on the world wide line.
877785NEIL.
Got it?
You got that?
No.
I still on the lead number.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
First time listener?
I mean, Carter.
Hey, Neil, I got to tell you something.
I've got to just call the few minutes to go about in the end.
And you know, you don't want to hear it.
I'm not going to talk about it.
Okay, let's not talk about it.
Just put your phone in.
Let me say it again.
I'm not talking about it.
Okay, I'm in the middle of all this.
Because I live right in that high, you know, north, north, towards the house of this.
Yeah.
You should see that the things that go, you know, daily there.
You know?
Yeah.
So what do you think about that?
What should I do?
And then talk about that.
They're bringing the grandmother's now.
56670560, POM 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with that?
Get a job?
A whole bunch of stuff.
Okay, I'm going to drive around.
Yeah.
Get a job with a silhouette.
That'd be a good idea for you, sir.
Get yourself a job.
You don't have so much time on your hands.
Here's a lady in June, OB.
Hello.
Hey, hey, I'm listening to you show on the web.
I got John.
Yes, ma'am.
But your web page, Neil, you know, you're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
You're going to be on the web.
The breaking up show.
He says they talk.
Does the break up show.
Has gotten paid.
The character watches movies.
Absolutely.
Got in real world.
Lawrence Phillips didn't get a great player from the European league.
Good.
God, they drive you.
They would educate the public a little bit.
Maybe it wouldn't be a one-month, one-fourth.
Yeah, man.
If they had somebody on there that they could have an intelligent conversation with, except
for how you do with the ladies, then maybe they might learn something about the game.
How you do with the ladies?
Real quick, I got a real quick story for you.
I couldn't call you Thursday and Friday.
You guys are pretty busy.
About 10 years ago, I had a real bad stomach problem.
I was shmitting myself, throwing up fever, going to the hospital.
They'd get me in there, take my appendix out.
I'd wake up the next morning doctor and go, well, wasn't your appendix?
We don't know what it was.
5,000 dollars later.
How do you like that?
How about that?
I thought it was probably IBS and they went ahead and took your appendix off.
You know what he said?
He goes, well, you don't really need it anyways.
That's great.
That's great.
You have a great day, Neil.
Have a great day of life.
I'm surprised they didn't cut out his ****.
They don't need that either.
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's go.
We love you, Pan.
There's, come on.
Let's get on the band bag.
What do you say?
Let's get with it and stop it.
The excuses, just like when I was asking.
You know, that's an interesting thing.
When I was sitting here for a couple of days asking, how come people aren't showing up?
And I had like virtually nobody calling.
You want to know why they have no excuse?
They have no excuse because they have no interest.
They have no, they have no nothing.
They have no motivation.
They won't get off their dead ass.
I'm an old, daughtering fool.
Okay, 57 years old.
Do I have to have eight, nine hours sleep?
So if the game runs in overtime and I get home, of course I live three minutes away, which
doesn't hurt.
But even how about all the years in Miami?
Took me 35, 40 minutes to drive home from there?
How much sleep do you need before you get your little ass out of bed in the morning and
go to work the next day or whatever you're going to to school or whatever?
Oh, gee.
It's a weeknight.
It's bedtime.
It's beddyed by much of pussies.
That's what they are here.
Pussies.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami with a noisy mobile.
Yeah, I think they got sucked in, sucked in the vacuum cleaner.
Sound like a Kirby to me.
5670560, pond 560 on the AT&T.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm waiting for Neil.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, hey, Neil.
I just wanted to tell you, I'm really sick of this alien Gonzalez Crab II.
I think I was here in America.
She take it.
Oh, great.
5670560, pond 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
This is for the guy on the roof.
He's still there.
He's the baby Jesus.
I just know it.
Hey, my mom worked.
It all worked.
He jumped.
Is he jumping?
No.
Another one.
Another all-talked no action.
I got so many of them down here.
4,000 open lines here at the moment.
No waiting.
5670560, pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's the $55 billion challenge.
And by the way, please don't tell me about that.
Read your show.
That millionaire on that thing is so.
It's already got to be on the way out.
I was channel surfing last night and I thought,
this is on again.
And I went right on by.
No interest.
See, if they work giving away the million,
that's the only thing because we have so many greedy
backdudes around these days.
Is that it's a million dollars.
Then they got the other one.
Oh, agree.
Where they can win up to two million.
How about 50 billion?
It's a bad show.
You want to watch a good show?
Watch that game show network like Boca Brian and I do.
That's it.
That's where the good shows are.
The $100,000 pyramid.
That's a great show.
Not a good show.
A great show.
The old family feud back before Richard the dozen got seen now.
Great show.
Car charts.
I watched car charts again yesterday.
A tremendous show.
Jim Perry.
Did you ever see when they bring these guys back out like
Tom Kennedy?
It was like 172 years old.
He looks like there's been anaphyl people with a yellow
two.
He used to be great.
I see.
His brother was Jack Nars.
Is that correct?
You don't know.
You don't know your game show, mister.
It's been ages since I watched it.
Jack Nars was a little kid.
I didn't pay attention to who was there.
I think that was his brother or step something like that.
His word.
Here's my hand me.
Hello.
What's up?
I'm going to Vegas in about two weeks.
I'm sure I'm going to have to take a crack.
Can you recommend any good toilet?
Yeah, all over the toilet's all over town.
All right, thanks a lot.
Yeah.
The toilet's all over the place.
In fact, just take a dump and then.
Why do you think they call it cramps?
Right there in a casino.
You got a special section for cramps.
560-560-560 on the AT&T line.
126 at QAM.
This is 560-QAM.
Kim Bulk effort talks sports.
Oh, right.
And right here on sports radio 560-QAM.
In a moment, E-Y-S-U-T-K-M.
She looks like a lady.
Like a lady.
Like a lady.
Like a lady.
What the hell was that?
Oh, no.
There must be schmutz on it, okay?
One moment, please.
Oh, look at how scratched up this one is.
Man, this has got scratches.
I think Josh Readon's been chewing on this thing.
Look at that.
Look how scratched up the discus.
I'll do my best to wipe it off into this too.
But if you got one in here.
Which one, which is?
It's 96.
No.
You know what?
This is the only one we got.
Oh, stand by.
This could be really a desperate one.
We might have to borrow one from somebody if we don't think this thing could work.
One moment, please.
Come on, Q-Wap already.
You piece of turd.
Cross your fingers and legs and pray.
Like a lady.
Like a lady.
Talked like a lady.
But I got wise.
Yes.
Well, the thing is between the times.
Oh, yes, there is.
Between the times.
Oh.
You showered me what he says.
I thought you were my queen.
But I noticed something funny.
I saw the bulls in your jeans.
She looked like a lady.
Talked like a lady.
Talked like a lady.
Talked like a lady.
But I got wise.
Well, the thing is between the times.
Oh, yes, there is.
Between the times.
You were my perfect lover.
But how I was surprised.
Not only do you have one that you're not circumcised.
Oh, he looked like a lady.
Talked like a lady.
Talked like a lady.
But I got wise.
There is a difference between the times.
Oh, it's hilarious.
Between the times.
What's 31 and 560 WK?
My hair is a janitor.
We know it's got a ****.
No question about that.
Probably a big one.
Anyway, here's what these people just won't give up.
Here's a facts.
My sulpo is crying.
And as soon as I see that, this is probably the same guy
factoring to this to try to call.
Do I care?
No.
I don't care if it's on the facts machine.
If it's on the phone, if it's a note under the doorstep,
I'm not interested.
I don't care.
And those of you who are obsessed with this crap,
you're just as bad as the people that are participating in it.
Give it a rest.
Find a life.
Get something else to hawk a chinaik about, okay?
I don't care.
He can say whatever.
I'm a little, little, little, little like that.
No interest.
Oakland par.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, if I could stay on for a couple of seconds here before you hang up without, you know.
Well, what does that mean?
Because you won't listen to anybody.
If something doesn't go your way.
I'm listening to anybody who's got something to say.
Neil, listen.
I want to talk about the constant adjury of the callers.
And they're talking about the panthers.
Hello?
What does it, what does that mean?
What you say is that this is not a sports show,
but you continue talking about sports.
I'm sorry.
You know, something they find in other shows, sir.
Find another show because I'm going to continue doing what I've been doing for many, many, many years.
Talk about the things that I'm interested in.
So if you've been listening, which I'm sure you have, you already know that.
The bad dream of the callers.
See, I'm not interested in critiques.
I already told you that.
If you want to have a conversation, which obviously you're not capable of doing, then, uh, say something.
Don't give me a solid answer about what I should talk about and nobody cares.
You know, something I care.
Now, if nobody cares, how come all these years, all these people have been listening?
How come that's possible, sir, if nobody cares?
And you know something, if nobody does care, that makes it even worse.
That's even sadder.
That's even more prophetic.
The only good thing I can mention going on in this town right now.
The only positive thing we got going.
And you have the hospital call me and tell me, stop talking about it because nobody cares.
No, you don't care.
That's the problem.
You don't care.
Because you're a moron.
Because you're one dimensional simpleton.
Why don't you get your goddamn damn marino blow up now right now?
And I hope the two of you have a great life together.
Because that's all you people know.
Talk about husband and what am I told you?
As soon as they start out, don't hang up on me, but you know what's going to be an asshole?
Because if a guy's got anything to say, I listen sometimes too long.
But as soon as you want to start giving me a song and a dance about how to do this and how to do that.
If you don't like what I'm talking about on the show, sir, find yourself some other hobby.
Take up part cheesy, my strong Russian roulette.
Be great.
It's not like you'd be real good at it.
Here's a mobile in Western.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You tell him.
You're absolutely right.
What about you?
You talk about Hutzpah.
That's the element of Hutzpah.
Somebody calling up a talk show and telling me what I should be talking about.
But I think his stupidity is even greater than his Hutzpah itself.
Anyway, I don't know if you have been following it.
And if you haven't and you don't care, that's fine.
But this thing going on in Miami that would sit in about Governor Bush and his ending of affirmative action.
And secretly.
Yeah.
Are you aware of that?
What do you mean ending it secretly?
What is it?
A lot of N.M.
Secretly.
I don't think we're too.
I just read about the thing in the Harold yesterday and they were saying.
What do you mean you just read about it yesterday?
The thing happened.
The thing happened last week.
I was out.
I was not reading the news last week.
All I'm saying is that I really was, I thought it was courageous that these people sat in and got him to agree to public hearings.
I just didn't know if you had it.
I don't think it was courageous at all.
And number two, I think that he's a weak need bastard.
Okay, I happen to agree with him.
I'm vehemently opposed to affirmative action.
And I don't think it was courageous at all.
Do you understand the difference between his plan and what exists?
I have no, I couldn't understand it.
In addition to which, if his plan isn't implemented, this guy that wants to put it on a ballot to outlaw affirmative action is going to go ahead and do it.
And they're going to wind up doing it anyway.
Affirmative action is like a dinosaurs or it's history.
It's gone. It's audio's buy by affirmative action.
If you can do the job, you're hired.
If you can't, too bad.
If you belong in college, you can get in.
If you don't, if you're not qualified, you're not getting in.
Just because your skin color happens to be this or whatever else.
Period.
I'm sick of that crap.
Oh, well, you know, you owe me something because 200 years ago, tough, tough crap, tough cookies.
Probably the only thing as long as he's in that office that I'll ever agree with him on is affirmative action is a cancer.
It's a blight. It's unacceptable.
And he caves in.
Oh, okay. Well, we'll have hearings.
Well, yeah, the passivitis marches. That's all.
The answer is no, get over it.
Get a brain. Okay.
Put away the basketball and get a brain.
Put away the guy then boom box in the basketball and the guy then crack cocaine and get a brain.
And go out there and compete on an even level.
There's all kinds of opportunities there to learn, you know.
Got your school and you got your internet.
You got all kinds of things called books.
Maybe somebody could read some to you.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi there, sir.
Yes, sir.
You know, an Augusta Georgia they have.
Uh-huh.
Back to the Red Wing fan. The Red Wing fan.
See, all I have to do is hear like a half a word from, see, I'm starting to get much sharper.
Now that my IBS is in remission, whatever it is.
Now that my kishni is on court so twisted, like two seconds I know who they are.
Oh, stop treating the callers like he and the callers are jackass.
Who never has anything to say.
Another chronic.
Anybody that lets the chronic take over their show that show is pure crap.
Okay. Tell you that right now.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
8777856345.
Yeah, don't talk about this and don't talk about that and don't treat her.
And a little lecture from all these, you know, these suffrightish assholes are going to call and tell me how to live my life and how to do this show and how to take a crap.
And every other guy damn thing.
Screw you, pal. Screw you.
Take a big fat burry of mine.
I think I got some leftover from last week. I'll send it over to you.
I don't mean the burry of mine.
I mean, that.
22 to 2 at QAM.
This is 56078.
Okay.
They don't want to hear that over the thing, though.
Hey, listen, I'm all worked up about that CD now that we finally salvage that.
What the hell was I just going to play?
Treat your family to a Cuban Italian meal that'll have a lion industry.
Thomas Rigolotto, Rigatoni.
Homemade McDonald's.
Made by thousands of big Jamaican women in hair nets.
You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle.
Like, you can't let him leave us.
He's the baby Jesus.
Or life ain't hard with libido.
Rigolotto, Rigatoni won't stick to the pot.
So clean up is easy.
No, boss.
Tomas.
Don't be a front running pony.
Give a Rigolotto, Rigatoni.
See, that's why I had like a diversion of really playing that of opening the pot.
It's 18 to 2 at 560WQAM.
Don't talk about this. Don't talk about that.
Sir, you are what's wrong with this town.
You and people of your ilk.
Old Yentos.
Old frustrated Yentos.
Those of us who are into what's going on at the Macarena, we're having a great time.
We're pissed off and fired up.
We're excited.
We're enthusiastic, which I know you can't stand.
And you're too stupid to understand anything besides what you already know.
That's the problem with people like you.
One dimensional narrow-minded jackass.
Four-later day.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Two things.
You were complaining last week.
You can barely hear you.
I tried to like two hours.
I got nothing to do this week.
Yeah.
And the second thing.
You ever had any banking trouble?
I've had a situation where like $1,400 of bogus charges were posted to my bank account.
I got like a month and a half before they're going to clear it up.
Yeah.
I'm in limbo over this.
How can they wait a month and a half?
They tell me it takes 45 days to investigate it.
Sounds to me like you could use a good lawyer is what it sounds like.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
If I have a banking problem?
Yeah.
Where are we going?
Let's go to Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Anthony Coral Springs.
Yes, Anthony.
I was wondering.
This is the first time I've called you.
And this is about the fourth time I've listened to the show.
I think your show is amazing.
I really love your parody songs.
And I was wondering, how would I go about trying to get like,
because I write parody songs to myself?
How would I try to go about getting my stuff to you for you to listen to?
You can send it to George.
Oh, yeah.
He'll give me the address.
Does he have an address?
Do you have an address?
No, he...
He'll give you a little bit of a sentence.
Oh, no.
I was propped in.
Yeah, now hang on a second.
I'll pay the quarter of it.
All right, thank you.
Hang on.
Take the guy in five.
Take his address.
Maybe he's got some good stuff, some good dishmitt.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
He's gotten the address, but he can't tell you because he's illegal alien
if they find him to all the port him.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yes, hello.
Yes.
You don't want to answer a question, Neil?
Do you want to what?
I want to answer a question.
Do you have a blow-up doll of Dan Movin at home?
No.
You don't?
No, I don't.
So what are you talking about?
I was going to find out.
Because I was taking something about Dan Movin.
No, I wasn't talking at all about Dan Movin.
I said we should stop talking about Dan Movin.
If you're listening, if you get to wax out of yours, that's exactly what I said.
I'm not talking about Dan Movin.
All right, Dan.
All right, then.
Okay, bye-bye.
Ask me something else.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, I'll tell you.
Anybody thinks that we got an education system in this state?
All I got to do is listen to the show for a couple hours any day of the week.
Here's Sunrise.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Get ready for a big Cuban uproar.
I'm sitting here listening to...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I as well as you know, for the first time color, you're the only talk show in this town
who makes any sense.
You're a wonderful host, you have a wonderful show, and all I have to say to all of these
82 minutes out there, a bunch of...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
I see you.
You won't listen to me.
You will not listen to me.
I'm not talking about Cubans.
I'm not interested in alien, alien, alien, alien.
I'm not interested.
We're not talking about that.
I've gone out of my way to stress.
We're not talking about it.
And yet, some of you just can't stop.
I won't do it.
I will absolutely not do it.
Period.
David, hello.
This is great stuff.
I wish I had a tape with this.
Yeah, me too.
Game show network.
Favorite host.
Match game 73, Gene Rayburn.
Gene Rayburn, of course.
I loved him a mouth, of course.
Great. Now he's dead.
Rest in peace.
Yeah.
The other one was Alan Lutton who was hopping around.
Alan Lutton's dead.
All right, well, they're all dead.
The trick was married to that dark, Betty White.
Right.
So you know my...
He's not a die.
Huh?
More a die.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Well, let me just tell you one thing.
Yes.
My friend Bill Calder used to work with Alan Lutton in Boston many years ago.
Of course.
And trust me when I tell you that that marriage was not for real.
He was a beard.
He was her beard.
There was the other way around.
Yeah, there was both ways.
I would be, yes.
The best way to beat it, drink lots of...
Not long on coming inside of head.
It's horrible.
It just drinks lots of water.
I know that sounds simple, but it doesn't matter.
I do drink lots of water.
You drink kind of...
Bath thumbs full of water.
You stand working with caffeine, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
All the diet sodas that I was drinking in here, man, with a caffeine in it, no more.
The words brings any more of those diet Pepsi's near.
He's going to get shot.
Go for...
If you have to have it, do a caffeine-free diet coke if you can stand it.
Otherwise, just go with it along.
Well, I don't know if I can stand it.
There's nothing wrong with that.
No, I mean, if some people don't like the dark colas.
Yeah.
How about diet right?
None of the diet rights that got caffeine.
Uh, okay.
Diet right is good.
I don't...
It's good for you.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll take your work.
But after the pre-400 gallons.
When I dumped it would be really bad because it would hit you with a wrong time.
Like at a stadium or a concert.
Oh, God.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Red and the middle of your radio show three or four times right?
Fits.
So four times.
Well, I'm making a big comeback.
Water and no caffeine.
I'm the man that took the BS out of IBS.
Right.
Have a great day.
Water and caffeine.
BF.
Bye-bye.
So what do you say about water and no caffeine?
Something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
You know, seriously, the improvement I've made, and of course, a lot of it is psychological.
And when you have those tests and you find out that you don't have some 80 pound tumor inside or anything else.
When your skin is a whistle.
That kind of helps, too.
That's the beginning.
And then the process goes on.
And you start changing your diet.
And like I keep threatening you bring that book into my heart, which I think I will.
Oh, not another diet book.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody call and tell me not to talk about that, too, while we're at it.
There he goes again.
Hockey diet books.
You know, all I crap.
Faggery.
Yeah.
Is there anything else going on?
No.
No.
Nothing else going on here except the course.
I'm in there.
I'm in there.
See, a lot of these people, they're reveling in it.
You want to know why?
Because it's like the OJ thing.
It's like a substitute life for them.
It's something to keep them occupied.
To fill that void, that vacuum.
Here's sport Myers.
Hello?
Yep.
Yep.
The guy was trying to tell you, man, nobody cares about hockey.
Basically, you know, I could drop off the face of the earth and you'd miss it.
Yeah.
And the blow-holes are there.
Yeah, blow this.
Redneck.
567-0560, pound 566-0 on the AT&T wireless line.
I do.
And I've been talking about it for a long time.
And I'll continue talking about it.
Not that much, but when I'm in the mood, when there's something going on.
And I don't listen to any Jackass.
Just call him this show.
It's tell me what I should talk about.
And in addition to what Sir, if I'm talking about stuff you don't care about,
how come you're listening over there in Fort Myers?
Since we don't talk about anything that has to do with your life over there, what's such as it is.
Why would that be?
See, I'm on to this.
I've been doing this for 500 years.
I'm well on to this.
And that is the people that call the most tremendously give you a song of that about you doing this wrong.
You're doing that wrong.
They would never turn it off.
They'd listen every goddamn day for hours a day.
And the day that I danced out of here for the last final time, which isn't that far away, by the way.
But the day that that happened, they're going to go, eh, what do we do now?
Yeah.
They're going to join that guy up on the roof.
It's 11 till 2 a QAM.
This is 560 QAF.
Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer.
And you're listening to it.
And gover week day afternoon to 2 sports radio 560 QAM.
What's your succession with Hoki?
Yeah, you know something I think they're right.
I think from this moment forward, because you can't force feed the audience from this moment forward.
We're not going to mention the eighth word on this show again.
You just gave a tell the fuck a little bit, holding for them to go down, because you wanted to go up here the way he did the other night against the lane cop.
But who'd say hell is ground pretty well?
Closet at the last point.
Shut up!
Hurry, come up!
Look forward, we're waiting.
Cut back the strike point.
Here in Tampa Bay!
Ow!
Like I said, not mentioning that Hoki word, I just said it.
7 before 2.
Don't do this and don't do that and don't say this and don't know what.
That's my comment back to you, okay?
How about another one?
You got a lot of practice last week.
Here is a bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I don't hear anything about Big Al when you at the Pompano track there.
Did you go anymore or what's the deal there?
What does that mean?
I was just wondering, you used to talk, you're going Thursday, there's something I was going to go and hang out with you guys.
You're going there on Thursday, okay?
I won't be there, but go there on Thursday.
Another guy with no life.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
No life.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I'm a low one, I ask you a question.
What do you think about this little boy, Ilyan Garnsel?
5670560, Pompano 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in bokeh, hello.
Hey, what are you doing?
Okay.
Hey, getting first of all the thing about the hockey or the H word, sorry.
Obviously those guys have never gone to a game because if you go to an actual hockey game you see how exciting it is.
It's much more exciting than that.
You know something, sir, these people who fancy themselves sports fans, these assholes that call us radio station 20 hours a day.
I think they know something about sports.
There's more action in the first five minutes of a mediocre hockey game than there is an entire football game.
Then there is ten baseball games put together and these people are too stupid to learn anything.
I feel sorry not for them but for me that I live in such a wilderness here.
And they don't know it's just everything that's got to be on TV for them.
The thing is hockey is really not a TV game.
You actually got to be there and it's just great to actually go to TV.
And sir, I disagree with you.
I mean it is better in person but there's nothing wrong watching a good game on TV.
Well, and the other thing that I wanted to call you and let you know I don't know if anybody already did is that there's a godfather's in Davey.
Right, got it.
You got it.
All right, and one more request.
Did I get that little old lady? Who the hell are you?
Have a great day pal.
Thanks.
Oh God.
I've seen how I got to go through this.
Why do I do that?
Why do we even...
It's not on that bank.
You idiot. It's on bank three. Where the hell is it?
Where the hell are you?
There you go.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18T line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Good evening.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good morning.
Yeah, whatever it is. I don't know what time it is.
Number one, that last caller from Fort Myers.
He wasn't a redneck. He was a spook.
Was he a spook?
He was a spook.
That's why he don't like hockey.
Oh yeah.
So far.
Well guess what? I don't like bats, bats and ball either.
I don't like bats and ball either.
I like bats and ball because they're all bunch of spooks.
I'm out of that.
And that's fine. They can have their thing.
I got my thing. Stay the hell away from our hockey.
Exactly. Why do they have to come in and then fringe on our...
What's wrong?
What's wrong with having a nice escort with a whole bunch of nice white people together hanging out?
You like hockey? That's cool.
He likes back-about. That's cool for him.
That's cool, right?
He got a cut.
Why do you got to jump in and...
Of course, back to ball. That takes a lot of brains.
That's for you.
Just a ball in a hole like that.
You know that takes a lot of brains.
Right. You know what he...
What is that thing that they have to keep dribbling the ball all the time?
You know, can't they just run up and down the court?
They keep dribbling it and dribbling it.
You know, like maybe the way they do it.
And the white girls are all going after these back-about players.
Yeah.
They dribble before they shoot.
Is that what it is?
That's what it is.
That's where I'm here.
One more thing, Neil.
Yeah.
I think that Elion is...
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Bill Collins, God.
Bill Collins, great.
Excellent choice.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You are the best...
You are the best personality in the world.
Yeah, okay, Woody.
And you're the biggest asshole in the world.
Which covers a lot of territory because we've had several today.
You can suck around all you want.
You're still a piece of walking smegma.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
A long time listener, first time caller.
I'm glad I got through.
I try to sit near and listen to your show as much as I can.
But it's kind of hard when you're afraid to answer some of the questions that come through.
And it's such an easy cop-out when you just click the line.
Question like what?
Yeah.
Huh?
Questions like what?
You don't give a people a chance to talk about anything.
They just don't like it.
And I like your show.
Yeah.
It's kind of funny.
That's why you like the show.
Why?
Why do you like the show?
Because you really talk about things and you make a lot of help.
That's what I said.
You hear what I said before.
I'm not interested in critiques.
If you like the show, find it's not a see-a-later.
I'm not interested.
I'm going to do the show.
The way I've been doing it for 600 years only, even better now than ever.
Now that I got some energy back.
When somebody has something worthwhile to say, I will listen.
Whether I agree, disagree.
There is no, that's not a debatable point.
And if somebody is terminal, positive, positive, positive.
And if someone wants to be a jackass, they're gone.
That's the way it works, sir.
Did you have anything to say?
No.
All you want to do is call up and tell me.
And by the way, sir, what time is your show on?
So we can listen and call you up until you have to do your show.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Question.
How come, if you don't like the sport of hockey, they get bombarded.
Why is that?
Why?
How come?
What does that mean?
Well, if somebody likes football or somebody likes basketball, they don't love hockey.
There are no good, you know, you know what?
Who says that?
Who says that?
Who says that?
Who says that?
I'm just talking about people that are talking about it.
No, you do a great show.
Nobody needs to critique your show.
You know, I mean, if everybody starts going to the hockey games in the playoffs.
That means there are a lot of people who are talking about hockey games.
