Advertisers show on 560 QAF to talk to Neil.
All 567, all 560.
All free and Dave and Groward.
All of them.
Now 560 on yourself all.
The opinions of Neil, Disguest and Colors,
and not necessarily represent those of the beastly broadcast group.
It's staff advertises your agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 QAF.
Come here, Rob.
Yes.
Here in the Gulf War, there in the hospital.
I think it's time to give this girl a hold.
So it's time to go to the sea wonder.
Come here, Rob.
Oh!
Till there's nothing left to see.
Come here, Rob.
Till 760.
Come here, Rob.
Go up the creep.
Come here, Rob.
And that's me, it's got to go.
Thank you for those of us.
Here, Rob.
I'm going to try to get my phone to go.
If we have to go there, we need to get wet.
And come, I need to take one picture.
I'll get it up.
We can't get to the dead.
I'll get it up.
We'll go over there, Rob.
Come here, Rob.
I'm going to see you, Rob.
Oh!
Come here, Rob.
Okay.
I'm going to take this phone.
Come here, Rob.
Come here, Rob.
Come here, Rob.
It's 10.03.55.
50WQM Happy Tuesday, too.
So here's yesterday's pool question.
The biggest obstacle facing blacks in America today is,
before we get to the result of the pool, they had the few thousand family marches today.
Huh?
Well, it shows here that you're pitching the last time that they stopped making estimates of the crowd
because they got people pissed off.
Because they said, we have a million.
And they said, no, you don't.
Well, you're a bunch of racists.
Okay, but you don't have a million anyway.
You had like 400,000.
Did they have 400,000 yesterday?
No.
40,000?
No.
Were four people there?
No.
Well, they had a smattering.
Ten of thousands is what it was.
So I still don't understand, will be generally speaking.
I'm sure there must be some black people like JC Watt in America who got the money.
But not too many.
Still very far behind the eight ball.
And what color is the eight ball?
It's black.
You think there's just a coincidence there?
Oh, I don't.
I think there's something in 40 and about that.
The fact that the eight ball is black.
Have you ever played billiards?
How come I don't hear you?
You said sure, but I didn't.
Oh, because somebody turned the other way.
Somebody's digging around with a board in there.
Somebody's digging around with our equipment in this goddamn place again.
Oh, god damn it.
Not that we really care, but it sounds good.
I want to say a special hi to G's Louise, my therapist.
I'm sure she's not listening all over her husband, maybe.
My therapist went from my first therapy yesterday for my hand.
And it's still there.
You know, people keep asking me, well, how's your hand?
Like, I hold it up.
I said, still there.
I mean, how do you expect it?
And then Peter Leonard is in here this morning at Bozo.
Oh, GNL, that looks it's still at swell.
Well, of course it still swell up there.
What the hell do you want, Dr. Leonard?
Everybody here's a doctor.
It's going down in the hand, too, in the swelling.
It takes time.
These things all will pass.
Then they hook up all that neat stuff to your hand
and they'll send that electrical charge through there.
And then they hook it up to your...
And it's really exciting.
Well, speaking of that, at the risk of talking about something
that nobody in the audience cares about,
but I just mentioned this in passing.
Since everybody is concerned about athletes
with illnesses and injuries and stuff like that.
How about Buria, as you know,
those three of you who are hockey fans had a strange groin
and had to leave the game a Friday night in the middle of that game?
Well, at any rate, to make a long story short,
the good news is currently article by David J. Schroel
in the paper this morning says that he's feeling
a lot better.
So the thing, especially after going for my therapy yesterday,
the thing that I found very interesting,
and Dave the cop, you're chronic and you're a pain in the ass.
We heard you at the end of the worst team there.
Get out of here.
Take your cardinals and get out of town.
How they doing, by the way?
The Panthers had Saturday off,
brue a stretch and received treatment
with team physical therapists Mary Ann Town on Sunday.
Now he says, I think it'll be fine.
So whatever Mary Ann did to part of those groin,
because I went to provide therapy,
I said, and she smears some stuff on the hand,
and she squeezes it and rubs it
and before they do,
I hope she kept all the other machines and stuff.
They squeeze it and they rub it,
and they rub it and they squeeze it.
And so, you know, I read that in the paper this morning,
and I started thinking to myself,
what the hell did they do?
When you have an injured groin like that.
Well, what's the therapy that a massage therapist would do?
I'll find it and hear stuff.
Rub it.
Yeah, there you go.
Thank you.
See, that shows you my hand isn't up to snuff anymore,
like it used to be.
It's a little bit slow.
It's coming back.
It's coming in the hand too.
A little more therapy.
So that takes care of that about the burying.
I also before getting the thing about the opponent of blacks.
And it has nothing to do with his race,
but this thing about Alonzo morning.
I mean, talk about a story just over blown.
I know we had some people yesterday upset that I played
that exorcist music in the background,
which had nothing to do with him,
or disrespect for his illness.
It had to do with the fact that the press conference
was ponderous, unnecessary, and ludicrous.
The fact that we had to hear about this doctor,
where he was from, who he's married to,
what his kids' names are,
what he had for breakfast yesterday morning,
what they ate at the pickle bell in Toronto
with a thousand of followers
at their wealth, they're taking up all the hotel rooms
over the weekend.
You know, as opposed to just putting it right in perspective,
he's got this illness, it's serious,
they're treating it, he's going to miss at least the year.
That's it.
Could have been said,
did I just say it in 15 seconds?
And talk about rubbing salt in the womb.
He was singled out this fat little puddlebacker
with singled outfile on Desmond and yesterday in his remarks
for being such a piece of crap, which he is.
Missed the story consistently,
he was the one person missed out,
as usual, totally had a story wrong.
Oh, and Zoe tells his friends he's going to play as,
as recently as yesterday morning,
just hours before the press conference,
Barry Jackass gets the story wrong,
and what's supposed to be a real newspaper,
the Miami Hill,
for what's supposed to be a real city,
which it's not,
and even gets him through a little cross-the-comment
about the fact that he wouldn't sit back and wait
like everybody else for the real information,
but was a push and put in crap in the paper everyday.
So as a reward for getting the story wrong again yesterday
and getting bitched out,
just who writes the front page story
with all the big pictures here.
You've got it, Barry Jackass.
Oh!
See, one thing about the Hill,
they may not be good,
but at least they're consistent.
They're consistently full of false crap.
I'm telling you, man,
if you could bet a lot of money on this,
if there's anybody in this town that's got naked pictures,
besides crew and minick and the water Nazi,
but if there's anybody else with naked pictures,
Barry Jackass is the one.
Maybe he'll show him to you.
Maybe Mommy will drive him over to your house
and they'll actually show him to you.
Nine minutes after 10 and five, 60.
How about that zero-oct, baby, 775?
There's that smart to head on there.
Need to good shave,
bath,
be slid at the neck.
I forgot that's why George is working with that.
I better not say that because he likes the herbs.
He likes the long ribs.
A lot.
Yep, even the Jews.
Give him back their land, baby.
Give him back their land.
Come on.
I hear the rumor is that all the Jews are moving out
is we are moving to Brooklyn.
That's what I'm hearing.
What does that start?
This weekend.
No fortunate to show their native roots of this
without the express written submission of W2A-NB
since God has written collaborated.
New.
YAH!
They've already beat the Palestinians.
Oh, the rest.
Oh, you're thinking what's his name?
I was programming.
So long as real history.
I have to buy a paddle bag.
I'll make you stick it to the wall.
Why would China run on a bus?
There's not too much to tell it's new.
No.
No drag can tell the others way.
No treaty challenge, wall.
I could feel with the foil lines.
And now we're dead and wrong.
YAH!
That's what he has right here.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
That's what he has right here.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
And now he's going to be thrown in a paraphral.
We can stop this from being real.
Hey!
Fire up the jet by the wall.
And blow those towers in the way.
Hey, you're not supposed to say that.
Right here.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
That's right here.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
Oh, he's not supposed to say that.
That's right here.
10.14 at 5.50 WQM.
Georgia's going to be doing a couple of hours in the middle of the show today about the Palestinians
and what wonderful people they are and how they had their homeland stolen
and how we ought to really be very sympathetic of them,
even though they do smell bad.
And that all these Arab terrorists keep blowing up people including US soldiers all over the world.
But nevertheless, isn't it Jewish Osama bin Laden, is he a...
No.
...in a rambling speech, Farrakhan touched on violence in the Middle East,
the presidential race welfare reform and poverty,
known primarily for his condemnation of Jews.
And his fiery rhetoric of self-help for black, the nation of Islam,
the minister called for everyone in the world to look beyond race and unite as one people.
At one point, he offered a metaphor for racial diversity.
What is more beautiful than a bouquet of flowers, different colors,
but growing out of a common earth,
needing a common water, going into a common atmosphere, he be action.
Who would be stupid enough to say a rose is better than an orchid, he said?
How do you like that?
Who is...
What do you give me a look like that?
Is a rose better than an orchid?
That's a good poll question.
What do you like better, a rose or an orchid?
Which smells better?
I like orchids better.
Louis Farrakhan or the Palestinians, which one smells better?
Or could do better than roses?
Roses have those thorns, pricks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I prefer the rose.
So anyway, we didn't really have much of a big crowd for that.
Yes, they...
And the point I was trying to make before I so rudely interrupted myself was...
Probably the reason for that is most people are trying to eat out a living.
And I decided that they don't want to come there and give their two or three bucks a pop for Louis Farrakhan.
So we can continue this mask raid, this scam that he's got going on now.
Just like Jesse, I saw Jesse's out there in California.
They settled that union thing out there, passed it in there.
And he's out there, but it would be better to put it up, and if it doesn't fit,
then you'll full of crap or whatever rhymes will fit.
So I poll question yesterday.
Look at this, 694 votes, the biggest obstacle facing Blacks in America today.
Bigotry only 51 people said digotry.
7.3%.
So are we buying that?
Is the answer?
Oh, no, not this crowd.
And of course, I know that the first thing that a lot of you darker folks would say is,
well, that's white people voting on that.
Well, maybe they're more objective.
And of course, I know we get that hold.
We're song of dance about how white man never stood in my shoes.
But of course most white folks don't have feet that big.
So how can they be in your shoes?
But anyway, the other lack of education and job skills, which is why I cast my vote.
And of course, what did I know?
262, 37.7%, but far away winning this poll yesterday, the lack of responsibility,
354.8%.
In other words, get with it.
Give education, get a brain, get the chip off your shoulder, and get a job, and be like a real person.
Now maybe I'm reading that into all those things, because we don't have comments on there.
Also, I should mention last week, one day we had a fact from some expert out there telling us about our website.
Remember that?
Giving us a critique and how we ought to have a space in there for a comment.
We don't want comments.
The share is for comments.
You can see we do a radio show here between 10 and 2.
This is for comments.
We already went there a while one time, with chat rooms and comments, and I'll let BabyCraft
that the internet is just loaded with overflowing with.
You can smell it as you can feel it.
You can step in it.
We don't want that.
We don't want to clutter up our website anymore.
Eric has a great job, and is doing just fine over 40,000 hits a day.
So we're doing pretty good.
We don't need any advice from any expert.
He says, oh, well, some high school kids can put together a website better than that.
Yeah, right.
Well, what's his name?
So anyway, we should mention here.
We've got a couple of things.
We've got a plug.
What's going on here?
You can go see my therapist.
She talked to your ear off.
No, she's very nice.
Louise.
She would still talk to your ear off.
She's, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Where the hell is that?
She loves it, I don't care if she talks.
Now, where the hell is this just come from?
Copy points?
Is it this?
The brush?
Oh, that is the brush.
They gave me that on Friday.
It's been floating in nursing sense.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I guess it's a good thing because I lost the other sheet.
Here it is.
The official water of WQN is purple-paracumptory-spin water available at Walgreens,
which we thank our friends from purple-paracumptory-spin water for coming here, bringing this in this morning.
But we also, because the official water of this show is sole water with our friend's self-alcomi.
Is that bad?
No, you like it, Susie, so we get sole late.
Well, now, see, we can add that we have the QA and Web site, but we also have the New Rogers Web site.
So we have the official QA and Web water, but we also have the official New Rogers water,
because these are basically two different radio stations, which they still don't understand it.
That's why we had to go through that hole.
We didn't have to.
But obviously, they would have been very wounded and very upset if we were to put on that hole long enough,
and we had a song in the end that along the morning press conference yesterday.
See, Hank, we played the whole thing yesterday afternoon, because Hank, the older he gets, the smarter he gets,
he actually does about five minutes of a show.
You think I have a lot of vacation time? Hank may not have as many weeks of vacation time,
but actually, in terms of the amount of show that he does, I think Hank works about three weeks a year now,
something like that, if you take an hour by hour, like today, he's got L-downing at four,
and Robert Jones, I have no idea who that is, but he must be some kind of a dark-completed jock.
Robert Jones is five.
And then playing that press conference yesterday, that took like about two and a half hours out of that show.
So basically, he's world-of-dunder just doing a few spots.
We could play it again.
Anybody, okay, let's see if there's anybody in the audience wants to hear,
because we did screw around with it yesterday a little bit.
It was very disrespectful.
Well, were you laughing about it?
I'm sensitive, relentless.
Incentive, and racist, and non-basketball-loving, and all of a sudden,
and the punk that called, well, if it was part of our book, would you put the press?
No, I would not.
First of all, this is not the heat station.
Do we hear the heat games on WQA?
No, no, we don't.
So going back to when it was the Jimmy Johnson thing, of course,
were the dolphin station, or the Dan Reenow retirement announcement, were the dolphin station.
So it did make some sense, because they were major announcements that had to do with it with us.
And I realized I see the front pages of the papers today, and all this big song in advance.
Like I said, I wish the guy, well, I wish him no ill-health,
but I really don't care all that much, because it's of no significance to me.
And to put the money heat on a par, with the dolphins in this town,
or it'd be, to elevate it to that level, is ludicrous,
because even though I've never been to the American Airlines Arena,
even some of the film and the old file footage they showed yesterday, Volanzo Plan,
they showed the thousands of NPCs who were in the one case it was only hundreds,
but in a couple of clips I saw thousands of NPCs in the background in the American scam line arena.
So who the hell are you people kidding?
Oh no, you're wrong, Neelik.
And just like this moron, and he is, boy, Greg Kotex, man, you're an idiot.
Zoes diagnosis reverberates across South Florida.
Now, other major sports stories around us appear to shrink, he says.
And just like Josie Gackie said that you overheard on Fox News yesterday,
the anxious, uh, Sheriff Gackie?
Yeah, talking about how this is all everybody in town is talking about.
I didn't encounter anybody. I went to my therapist yesterday.
I went to the store. I went a couple of places.
I didn't encounter anyone who was talking about that story.
And I'll get back to that in a second because people who live in little narrow worlds,
that's all they talk about is whatever is in their little narrow world.
And the people who were with them in that little narrow world.
But anyway, his ridiculous column this morning, Greg Kotex, who's always ridiculous,
at least he's consistent. He writes,
no one dolphin player or Marlon's player, as fundamentally as important to his team as morning,
is to the heat.
Palm El Bruez, indispensable to the panthers, may be close, may be.
He isn't quite willing to come out and go out on the eliminate and say,
is, may be close.
Even Geltie in the hallway this morning was ripping you in an ass-grag,
Kotex and rightfully so because you're an imbecile.
You're an idiot.
The panthers without Palm El Bruez might as well close up shop and go back to a caloriter somewhere.
Forget about it.
Or maybe is, you know, you're a moron.
Somebody thinks you would play that again?
Yeah, good to do it.
Do we have any calls anybody want to hear the Alonzo press conference again?
Well, I mean, we're not going to call this little rick to hear it.
No, I'm talking about where, but I mean, they're not going to call.
They were calling yesterday, they didn't like the music in the back.
And you had 5,000 calls off the air from the sports nerds.
So the sports nerds don't listen to this show anyway.
That's why they're calling off the air because that's the number that they know.
Just to answer my question, yeah, that's right.
One of the words of question.
Do he be playing and is he going to let us down and how long is he out?
And can we bet on the games and the sessions?
So let's start with making crap up.
Look for the Q and Van from 11 to 2 today from 11 this morning till 3 this afternoon at the McDonald's.
67th Avenue Palmito Expressway.
They'll have the Neolongers best of a CDs and cassettes and the keychains.
We slightly told you the bad news yesterday, the keychains are not as specs, but the CDs and cassettes are.
It specs all over South Florida and also enables them for Myers.
So, Miguel will be out there in the van.
You can look for him too.
And I've got only those what he'll be packing.
So here's our poll question for today.
Look at that.
We went over 700 yesterday.
No more votes on that thing about black people.
Okay, I think we got the message overwhelming.
Black and responsibility.
And because we had so many calls yesterday about George's brilliant show they did on Friday with that guest.
That long we had it was it and it's really I'm not really for today.
And it's really Jewish grand daughter of a rabbi concentration camp survivors in the family the whole nine yards.
Yeah, in Israel.
Did she know Julie Berman?
No, but she heard about him.
Did she remember her dad?
Anyway, because there was such first of all started out that the show we had a couple of calls saying and the show was really great.
Then we had the guy who said it was the best talk show we ever heard in his life.
Then there was a guy to call in said it was the most important four hours in the history of the human race.
Then after that we had somebody called in said it was the epitome of what broadcasting is all about not thinking to myself.
Well, I'm missing the book because we've been to George when I'm away.
You know, losing my ass and Vegas to come up.
You know, and then realize that what we're doing here now is pass a it's it's finito.
It's a big happening issue.
No, no, you're wrong.
It's not a happening issue that there was no.
It's not just broken.
No, it is not.
Okay, it's not a happening issue.
All right, it wasn't a happening issue on Friday.
It's not a happening issue today.
Middle East peace is not seem more on.
There was a comment in that.
It's an actually more it's ridiculous on the face of it.
It isn't going to happen.
5,000 years of in historical hate isn't going in.
They can have a summit every minute of every day and Bubba and Madeline are by
considering what those long sour looks on their face from now until hell freezes over.
And it's going to happen because you've got three groups of crazy religious thoughts all been out of shape about you.
And that's what they're all psychotic about.
That's why there's going to be no there's never going to be any anything.
What am I looking for a world book?
There's never going to be anything meaningful.
There's never going to be a I mean, I can sign on how many peace treaties in the head just in our lifetime.
A couple couple thousand every week we have another peace treaty and then all of a sudden they're killing each other and they're bombing and blowing up
school buses and burning people alive and doing all these barbaric things.
And in spite of all the other window dressing that they would like to tell you about, it comes down to one thing.
Crazy religious nuts.
We discuss that.
Well that's that's what it's all about.
Everything else that they want to bring into this discussion is all window dressing.
So the idea that because of the fact that they were having this emergency summit over there which they're all sitting back with sour looks on their face,
it's pretty hard to make any progress.
When everybody's just kind of like hunts back in a chair looking like their dog just crept under foot.
And that's how they all look.
But anyway here's our poll question today because maybe like I said you touched on something you got your finger in with.
Or maybe it was that Israeli girl.
So the show go back to get.
So the show go back to guests and topics that's up to all questions that I was.
I'm not asking you I'm asking the audience there.
You just would have on fire with a show on Friday man.
It was a timing I don't want to get left in the dust here.
That's been my one key to survival is I've always been able to make a little move before you know before the bullet hits you know what I'm saying.
That's right unlike the worst team.
Should the show go back to guests and topics here your three choices.
Yes once in a while or absolutely not those are three choices.
And whatever the audience wants will consider it.
I'm not going to say whatever the audience wants will do it.
What are we some kind of like our commentants like if they start calling up for that stupid press conference again.
Are we going to play it?
No, of course not once was more than enough.
More than enough.
Very jackass writes a front page story after we got it wrong every day for like a week and a half.
Misinformation including the the morning that's with without the you the morning of the morning with the press conference.
And the next day he's writing a front page story.
26 after 10 at 5 60 WQN.
Yeah, it's 80.
Well, that is time lots of the record straight about enough friends during the book.
Some people say there are no desire to go.
If they did drugs by them so what's the point?
Because as a candidate George Bush is fine.
So what if he started a line?
Well, he's a bad damn candidate I've seen.
Not all care if he pops in fed up with whoever in Clinton was a ticking mind.
So here's too much.
Okay, better.
I guess I just don't understand what the big deal is.
We've had many presidents in the office who've done harm to us here and other.
Take Gerald Bore for instance.
Obviously he was on the line.
But as I was calling down all the time.
And Jimmy Carter for example.
But he was still hot down by the stunt label.
He didn't even know about it just for the first eight months.
Why even wait a minute to watch it?
John did believe the only reason they got down with Jerry tree was because he had the lung
juice.
So he could buy it.
10.30 to 5.60 WQN.
As George Washington had no problem.
He didn't chop down a Jerry tree.
He suited that because he had this wooden teeth like a beaver.
And anyway, well speaking of guess we can always have this fill stall on the atheist guy.
There's a first guess you can book.
Now George has to start booking guests.
Oh, wait till you see the outcome of this pool.
I think it's going to be real interesting.
What are you laughing about?
5.607.0560.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line tonight tonight.
Baby, this is it.
The big debate tonight.
Are you going to be watching?
No, I will.
I'm going to be glued with it.
Now he's willing to.
This algorithm is better slap this bastard up the side of the head and say, hey, wake
up, Bozo, because it's slipping away.
He's now falling behind in Missouri.
He's falling behind no higher.
At least so they're saying Michigan is on the grove verge of vanishing into the bush camp.
Maybe he should some more us north along before he should.
More aligned.
He should snort some more as before.
It couldn't hurt.
It couldn't hurt.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm so kneel.
Yes.
First off, I'm definitely already voted on your poll.
And I just think, yes, similarly, simulate you.
Like how I would like to see it is eventually you do two hours by yourself and then two hours
with somebody in the afternoon.
Like the old days, yeah.
Yeah, and I mean, whatever.
Yes, and two hours just to me, huh?
Yeah, not every day.
But going back to the old days with those there, get the nutritionist guy on his head.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I get like Al Goldstein and all of that.
I don't want Al Goldstein, you know.
Oh, man, every time he comes in here, just throws the whole show off.
I tell you, those are some of the frontline gear.
I love them though.
I just think it's great because it really, it throws you into areas that you never talk about and it's all good.
What is, what do I talk about sex?
No, no, just different.
You have somebody right there who's in your face.
Talking about my, he wants to take a dump in my toilet.
I mean, that's pretty captivating video.
That's entertaining.
Well, we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
And we all know that.
Old Alpertomi, talk to him.
Hey, he loves it, 53 Sanctuary, and he knows that snow is he is lazily hot!
Oh!
Yes, and that was for you.
Citizens, I swear to God.
Yes, I swear to God to him, I has a couple messages.
Who he love me, although they cannot allow you to target me.
Well, kind of out, Oh, it was beautiful.
So we just cranked it up louder and actually we played that meal. God. You're gonna burn in hell, Sony
I'll see you there. Thanks, 5
5 6 7 0 5 60 so I wait can I finish the thing the thought about the people at live in little tiny
Like Joseph Jackie and Red Cotex and my friend Jeff rumor
When he used to force those awful awful awful awful hockey shows on me
You'd be sitting there getting 50,000 calls off the air from people screaming and committing threatening to commit suicide
Well, I'm just making that up because I have a personal life on anyway
It's and then and then he would always say to me every time without fail
He'd say oh everybody love those shows you're crazy that George is the way he thought it might be
We love those because the world that he lives in the dozen or so people who will even speak to him are the hockey people
Don't you understand so naturally those would be the dozen or so people who would have listened was anybody else
Let's see those shows no the audience ran away like like all of a sudden it was bubonic play coming from the speaker of their radio
Let's see how we how all of this see you think you have a little faith you're not
You thought you knew how this pole was gonna come out. I don't believe this so the show will back to guests and topics once in a while
17 absolutely not 17 yes
three
So in other words, they don't want to study Diana, but if I could bring like the carl practice in tomorrow
the
We could get Jane Donigan in here talking about nutrition and voodoo on Thursday
We could get your physical therapist because I want to know
Louise geez Louise my physical therapist coming if you could talk to your off
She could do a whole four hours without taking a breath
Papa she's great, but what can she talk and we can have her on Friday so we got the rest of the week booked out right now
Yeah, I mean Hank can't be the only one taking his way through that show every day. Why can't we do it?
Sitting here begging for phone calls when I could be having an interesting guest we can have Ernie Sochin back to environment
Realms. No come on. We can have Reverend Emma in here doing those psychic reading. No
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, sir. Oh, yeah, I'd like to know what your opinion is about
Yeah
Sorry, I'm breaking up a little bit. Get on the mobile. No problem. I'd like to know what your opinion
is about the about the possible injunction about the citrus canker
Stop them stopping the citrus canker cutting down and date my I'm gonna tell you sir
They better stop it right now because they killed a dog you know that I'm glad you mentioned that I brought the
Astorian here somewhere they killed somebody's a boxer a four-year-old a beautiful dog and other denying that they didn't really
Refrost my ass a lot
So what so you'd rather have the you'd rather pay more taxes than
Then you know, I understand the dog was killed you know that is a tragedy
They have more taxes for what?
The fight that the chain taxes our taxes most of our taxes the reason you don't pay state
In fact is because citrus is our second biggest
In fact, didn't he say citrus he's gone
He said citrus didn't he's gone
560 505 50 5560 yeah, I can't find the story out. It's in here somewhere. Maybe I clipped it out really pissed off those assholes
Yeah, and then they denied that it was them or just must have been a coincidence all that stuff they found on the ground
They're in the dog foaming his mouth and died and and the police room and I went in there
Just like a look and see what it was and she was gagging and puking vomiting from it too
It's not just that they're taking the trees with impunity and being very intensive about it
But just everything that they're doing in association with it is really objectionable. Okay, so here's George to talk about trees for four hours assholes
I'm done
21 before 11 at well look at us. We really got one call on the board. This is an important day. This is a turning point in my career
In fact, I thought very seriously about just letting George do guests the rest of the week because we probably can
Saw this middle east problem right here on the show if we just put our nose to the grindstone
Hopefully it won't become a big Jewish nose like that because George gets upset about those
The Neil Roger show sports radio live 60
Where's my move
Hey Paul
For sure
The McCoy family of white trash Tennessee is going to keep him in the family for over
150 years
I don't even dare to have a space so I'll be left no secret
It's in bed the redwood 400 percent of the daily
All survive to keep blood pumping to those exteriors
Inwards chopped poor vitamin A so you can see clearly out of all three eyes
Yes, if you're keeping it in the family, it's in red kids love it and mom's true to
Oh, so dad
10.45 to 5.50 WQ am owner says dog killed by citrus chemicals here it is
I'm a serious chemical killed one dog incapacitated a cat
Incapacitated a cat and said a money police officer to hospital Monday afternoon
A court gate homeowner called police will back yard at 2.30 p.m. Charging that citrus canker work his spray to four-year-old boxer with chemicals killing him
Two offices responded noticed liquid in the long neck to the dead drug said Delish Moss money police spokesman when officer Linda
Arias approached your mouth when dry her breath came short and her chest heightened
Also found on the 3600 block of southwest 19th Street a black cat alive but seemingly immobilized its eyes
glazed over
Monday night no official was prepared to say what it was that took down a dog cat in an officer who in Moss's words is his stuff his nails
The Department of Agriculture was prepared to say what the poison substance was not the only chemical citrus canker workers using
GX 1027 an anti-bacterial soap used for decontamination spokesperson said
You can drink it glass of that it's not gonna hurt you said Mark Fagan of the state citrus canker
A eradication program has in this materials crews took samples of the liquid in the lawn the backyard soil an open bag of
Fertilizer the Miami-Dade Medical Examiner's office was going to perform an autopsy on the boxer and police were waiting for
Always his blood test results for killing the Sanchez of over there was no doubt
She told police that after workers began working on removing the neighbor's true stamps
She smelled a strong odor and went out to check she found Tyson her boxer on his side next to a chain link fence
Earlier she made frantic phone calls to the police in her neighbor Jenny Fernandez if it killed the dog
I don't know what can do to the kid she said
She did not doubt her neighbor's accusation a few months earlier
She noticed a strong odor will work his first cut down her nine trees
They put something on the stumps and to stay out of the backyard for a couple of days
Impossible said fake and besides the soap the state has new chemicals for two years so much these is been a coincidence George
Just another one of those
There's our coincidences in my fans in the sidewalks
So yeah, so you know that's all cool. Are you citrus canker alluded to out there that it is doing people's property running
Have it a couple people's pets. Oh
No, we didn't have none to do with that. We know we'll believe them. No
Look at this poor this could be the most it see you open up a panda was box little did you realize?
Look at the porno's old 77 votes to the show go go but I see a godless new the wording that I did on this poor here
We're talking about taking steps backward just kind of like electing George W
Should we take several steps backward and they're saying yes?
Should we go back to get some topics once in a while 44 57.1 percent
Absolutely not 27 35 percent and yes only 6 7.7 percent
In other words not all the time, but like maybe you know four or five days a week
Huh five or six days a week
five or six days a year
20 or 30 guests a week
What's wrong with that and of course one thing that they'd find out about guests in the see their Arnold guests in this town
I did it for 15 years. I did that wasted my time and we had the same five guests most of them
I did like him to go out thought he was a kind of entertaining
He was always excited. He's dead and Cohen he wasn't very exciting. He's also dead
I mean so so now the the poor of possible people who have on the year
I was watching like a king last night and among the other people he had I know was Senator George the governor
Now I had the senator the governor my show many times on the phone over the years back when I was doing that boring terminal awful talk for which I apologize again and
I liked George. He's a good guy
But I do recall very early and I am Z one night. I had him on the phone
And I because I had a month so many times I felt familiar with him like I knew him
So instead of calling him senator, I kept referring to miss George
Which I noticed Larry called him George last night and team upset and so he responded by calling you Mr. Rogers
It was like only halfway through the interview
I realized he was doing it kind of sarcastic
They're like a little shot because I was calling them George a little bit too familiar
Yeah, that's a true story
Mr. Rogers. Yeah, hey George. It would be like if I was talking to the president
Hey, Bubba, you know what do you think about what's going on over there in the least well Mr. Rogers
I'm looking at it pretty pissed off these days that kind of stuff
Yeah
So I mean when it comes right down with it here once in a while 58% now they want guests on the show
And of course we're here to you know, whatever you want. No, I want
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami
Long gone. Okay, here's Miami again. Hello. Hi. Neil. Yes, sir. I think you should do the kind of interviews
Whenever they're expiring in Miami with free speech we could be seven days a week
Listen, you don't know about what is happening in the novel header sport page. They have a what?
A novel error in this port page in the
No, they have a young man 35-year-old who writes every Sunday of column
And on October 8, he wrote a column criticizing a sector of the Cuban community for
Rooting against Cuba in the Olympics. Oh, are we gonna go back in the
I think I'd rather I'd rather eat nails for two hours
What about you don't think anything? Neil the problem is that this guy because of the helicals getting fire from a little
Here and yes, I'm I mean Sunday they did not print this article that is
print
Five year every Sunday in the paper and
Suddenly they printed seven-year letters in letters to the editor of a novel. Hello 15 letters
linking this guy
In doing saying that is the Cuban that written a little hero wants somebody in the paper to get fire the paper
You get get fired because after all they are the people that buy the paper
Again, this is a violation and I think the the the non-Cuban
Sector of self-floor as you know what is going on in here because this will be a tremendous injustice to don't do it
Journalist for exercise in what is our right?
I know I know you sick and tired of it, but somebody has to know this I'm going back to Vegas
Like to find out what is going on because I don't want to find out what's going on
I don't care what's going on is it no interest to me. Well, well, I'm sorry
But no, I'd be sorry, but I'm just telling you I don't care
I mean I wish the guy all the luck in the world
But the fact is that we live in a fascist the county or at least you do I don't live in the county and that's it
That's the way it is. It's a banana republic. It's never gonna change
Yeah, but what that means is that if somebody in this community key against the winters against you
You also in as much as you have a tremendous audience and a you a guy that is respected
You could also be a victim of this kind of
My card isn't right in other words like they haven't tried it the last 25 years the Catholic church and every other right wing
Lunatic group every humble for the group hasn't tried to shut me up and get me off the air. Yeah, of course they have yeah
I'm and you know, maybe this guy didn't have good ratings. Maybe that was his problem. Well, well anyway
I just want to vent my mind. I'm so unhappy that you read it
I mean usually you have something really a significant but today well
I spoke to this guy and I is on this dress. Let me tell you what he's what I spoke to this
Well, I'm just dressed and he's really
That's why they found okay. Well listen good luck to him and you but see oh
And you want me to go back to guess
I'm gonna have it all so bad you just you said it during the last break you said I think that's a great idea
You said who you want me to start booking? I said oh you got a big kidding me. I said you want me to call your bookie. Oh
59 people say once in a while 40 say absolutely not and only nine say yeah
How many said yes behind oh
These people they you started with this on Friday
That didn't start one Friday. What do you mean by that you did the greatest show in the history of radio on Friday
Which I'm very proud to hear that but now you put me in a spot now?
I have to actually you bring somebody in here
Maybe a dog named spot. I'm really pissed about that woman's dog because you know what a dog lover
I am I'm gonna tell you something
Seriously should I go and whoever did that should I go build their brains out
Just like that thing in coconut creek with a guy with a gun on his ankle. You know it is with his permit
Who shot and killed the people's dog because the dog came out of the driveway and like it didn't really do
I think but he wasn't taking any chances so
And nobody cared about that. See this is what really slaves me and I'm not saying it that
Dogs are more important than human involved in some cases. It's pretty good nip and thuck and some cases no contest
But nobody cares about that. We got some basketball player who unfortunately got a kidney element or right away
Everybody in town is supposed to be in tremendous morning about that. It's a partner expression
Yeah, we're supposed to be having another breakdown
Here's a guy that's making millions of dollars that I'm sure the organization with Mickey
O.S. and the entire way to the organization all that medical care behind them get the top doctors in the world
Whatever treatment is available. You know he's gonna get it. It reminds me of Mickey Madeline is liver
Only in this case the doctor went to great lengths yesterday to point out that a zoe hadn't done anything
It wasn't HIV it wasn't steroids it wasn't this it was nothing that he did. Okay, we believe you
But with Mickey Madeline he had done years
I was I was a Mickey Madeline was one of my heroes when I was a kid
But here's a guy who abused himself for years and years and bruised it up
Destroyed his liver, but all of a sudden he got pushed at the front of the line. He got him a liver
Other people other like schmucks Joe Smith the nancy Jones. They're waiting for years for a liver
Who gets a liver David Crosby and Mickey Madeline. How do you like that?
And Mickey Madeline didn't do any good because he was too far gone
So now he's dead and somebody also might have benefited from that liver with or without taken money and that person
Might still be alive today. Are they alive? No, they're dead. No, that's right
Because Mickey Madeline had liver because he was a sports hero a jock
Role
Man, I'm excited for that
When you're gonna hit your priorities right when you're gonna start caring about every day people instead of god damn quick and so
Rubberty that's what makes me nauseous about this country. We're drowning in a sea of crap
Just like the thing with bush and groin they keep having these discussions on these talking head shows about well
You know, maybe we in the media responsible for you know pointing about what this one side too much and and they keep doing it
That's all they keep talking about
I'm drafting Mario Cuomo. That's what I'm doing. I okay. How many mobsters they got in the closet. I'm doing voting for Mario Cuomo
You know that Kishich creep that
penis gate
Jack Asher, Moe Hyle he was on their last night
On the panel and Mario Cuomo, he just
talks rings around him
circles around it
That's who you need somebody who can speak like not worry about whether somebody's side or somebody looked like there
Here was the shovel and look really dumb oh
1056 at 560 WQ and only under banana republic baby only in my area
There's a brand new shovel there on Dr. Laura
The
Bad
Huge
She's our kiddie, Dr. Laura.
She's okay, Dr. Laura.
She's a homo-cat, you're a bad,
That's a doctor, folks, she's bad.
So there aren't too many, and not Dr. Laura.
Well, well, well, well, well,
Dr. Laura, there's a family show that's not Dr. Laura.
Here's a Derek Witton guy that has asked you about 800 pages to rebuttal your pro-Palestinian crap on Friday.
And I, Derek, all you're doing is wasting trees.
That's all you're doing.
And I had to cut down 400 trees just to make the goddamn paper, the fax paper,
that you wasted here this morning.
It's in the waste basket, we don't care.
See, that's what you stood up again.
I don't want to go back to those days.
I don't ever want to look back to that.
If I had to sit here and go, do a little bit like that,
which this week I noticed, and last week also,
the phone calls would basically stop, which is okay.
I'm sure Friday you had a lot of calls from all those hysterical Jews.
Couldn't buy it up in line.
There you go.
That's right, because they're all, and what's the point?
What is the point?
I'd rather put my teeth out with a goddamn pliers than talk about the Middle East.
And there's nothing to talk about.
It's like the guy with a carrier, it's like talking Cubans again.
I don't want to keep repeating that same garbage over it.
There's absolutely nothing to say about the Middle East.
Does it affect your life?
Oil prices do.
Does it affect your life?
What's happening?
I'm not talking about oil prices.
That's business.
That's all, that's the only thing that has to do with it.
That's all manufactured.
That's all fake.
That's all controlled.
They want to get those ledger sheets up, the balance sheets before the end of the year.
That was the quote, direct quote.
Terrorism, might.
Yeah.
Might get blown up.
Is that something new?
Is that something you just started on Friday, like you said before?
No, it's just that it was happening up again.
Yeah.
And is it going to stop for hours now?
Is it going to stop not anytime soon?
Oh.
See, I don't get it.
I don't understand what it is and why I do understand down here, of course,
because I ended in the June's get hysterical.
I have to do with whisper, I think, against Israel.
That's what killed me here.
Lieberman is in the paper again this morning.
Do Lieberman, he was there in all over town.
Cemetery Village, handling to be old Jews again, going, oh, that's that guy.
Oh, they were clueling from him.
Why I have no idea because he's Jewish.
Forget about the fact that he represents.
I'm going to tell you the best thing about the Middle East.
All you had to do was see the story.
I forget it was on CNN last night.
They showed a clip.
And they showed it as a promo.
I don't even know what it was on CNN.
Maybe it was on MSNBC.
It's not important.
But they showed a clip.
And on the clip to promote whatever they were going to talk about,
they showed first the Muslims with the schmattis on their head.
Then they showed the Christians that were running there in Jerusalem.
Okay, with Jesus and this.
And then they showed the Orthodox Jews, which always makes me nauseous.
But I see them with their hats on and their payouts and the whole deal.
And they're rocking back and forth, dominating their life, something out of the stone age.
That's all you need to see.
There's nothing else to discuss.
You need more crazy people.
There's nothing valuable in that piece and that strip of toilet over there.
There's nothing.
They don't even have any oil.
Although they do have the bomb.
Just keep that in mind, George.
They do have the bomb.
But other than that, they got it from us.
Yeah.
F&A, baby.
5,670560, 0560 on ATT.
And for all of these people, they're the one guy.
Who did the guy want to hear Al-Gurps thing?
I'm a fat Jew.
I don't want to hear Al-Gurps thing.
I'll see Al-Gurps thing in Amsterdam.
That's soon enough.
Believe me, he's a good guy, a good fat guy.
Very funny, for like 5-10 minutes at a time.
And I said, it's like going to eat with Al.
You know, going to a meal.
And it's a privilege to read that every time in a public place Al has to start using certain words.
One of the things with T, I don't want to say, you know, like push your cat on the ear or part of that.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's loud.
Always.
It's a good, true, and a thing.
And it's very funny the first 400 times.
About the 401st time, it's not being quite so funny.
And then after that, it starts being all the little embarrassing almost, depending on where you are.
Like if you were to form a left dinner with Al with those baggy shorts and his t-shirt.
That's a red vest.
And the red vest.
Yeah.
Talking about eating tea and whatever else.
Yeah, like I said, if you haven't heard it before, I guess you'd laugh.
But I'm sorry, but I'm a fat Jew.
You don't have to come up with somebody better than Al Grilfstein to convince me to have guests on the show again.
Maybe only when George does the show we should have guests.
What do you say?
I am! I vote for that!
George can have guests.
He can go out here on the street corner and bring in Jamaican's talking about the price of weed, stuff like that.
Sounds good to me.
Sure.
Maybe get you a good deal.
Too wide you're out there.
What?
Here's a mobile and boy in the middle of the league, tello.
Hey, Neil.
Thanks for making your call, sir.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I agree with you on that comment earlier about how ridiculous the media, you know, they talk about these stupid things about the candidates.
I don't know if you saw it in Time Magazine.
The last issue I was looking at.
They were actually counting how many times each candidate and vice president candidate were blinking.
Yeah.
Where they said that?
W. Blink too much, huh?
And Lieberman blinked 100 and he was the most blinked.
I don't understand.
Why?
What does that have to do with anything at all?
Does that mean we should be concerned?
It's a sublimable message and of course once you see that you go out and you buy the new blink 182 real CD.
That's what it's all about.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I just had to call it and see if you saw that article.
I mean, it was really good.
The whole thing is ludicrous.
All these cosmetics, I forget about what they're saying.
Forget about who's really lying.
And then last night, that thing about the $4.9 billion that they spent allegedly in Texas for education.
And it come to find out that there was a bunch of bullcrap.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And the none of that means anything with even the hairstyle they were making a comment about.
I mean, if the election is going to be on hairstyle, W is in very trouble.
I'll tell you that.
He needs to undo that truth.
All right.
Thanks again.
Have a great day.
Oh, bye-bye.
Don't blink until you see the white guys.
5670560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Mario Cuomo, baby.
Yeah.
That's what I'm hoping for.
Look at this phone here, man.
I'm telling you.
Let's talk about the Middle East.
What do you say, huh?
No.
No.
Well, seriously, you have, you have captured the crowd that wants to take this show back into
the stonies and wants to do that stuff again.
And look at the poll here.
They are.
It's proof of it.
Can we find some Palestinian broadrunner around to building somewhere?
I'm sure there's got to be one somewhere.
I haven't ever met one.
Well, we'll find one.
Go down on the second floor.
I'll bet you will.
Or maybe we'll just rest somebody up his run.
Or is it cheap?
Just find somebody who smells bad.
5660560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line.
Eight minutes after 11 and 560 QY.
This is the story of our boy.
Try not to be such a boy.
We're not all for a win, we're sure.
And see, after the end of them, he's our boy.
How many things to do?
We better wait and get Jesus' word, or do we hardly do?
He's not bleeding and yelling at me.
I know that money's dying.
I'm going to get that sometimes he cries, but we'll be the perfect hair.
Think about it, trust this underweight.
He's not a plastic comic, he's been dressed like a neighbor.
Look what this is.
I want to name your mind, I see a sentence.
This is the story of our boy.
Try not to be such a boy.
Once it changes your mind, you get your vote.
I want you to love him.
Not yours, bro.
Oh, John!
Oh, why me?
Yes?
How you doing, Neil?
Yes.
Neil, I went to the church an hour ago.
During my question, I want to photograph it for you for a Christmas present,
because they have a fancy way.
Thank you so much, Abran.
It's the back of the church, right?
This way the hook is off.
The rear door, yeah.
Okay, you've got to read that one, yeah.
Okay, I'm happy dinner with your landlord tonight.
Should I talk to him about the toilet?
Are you in Amsterdam now?
Yes, I'm calling from Amsterdam.
Yeah, so I'm going to get rid of that toilet and get a real toilet in there.
I'm actually doing it really well.
How serious?
Yeah, I'm an Amsterdam stoned.
How unusual.
Yeah, I know.
I'm even only until next Sunday, right?
I wanted to, I swear that I'm going to take pictures of what you felt there.
Great.
So you'll always know, I love and kisses on Back in America Sunday.
Okay.
Bye, darling.
See ya.
Bye.
Okay, if you got that now, I'll be back in the Sunday.
Everybody here, you got that?
Okay, got it.
I was like, 10th of January.
If I could start doing that, no charge will put that on the website.
Put out Goldstein's at 10th of January in there.
Like he faxed this to us.
Like he has his office faxed to us 45 times a week.
You know the one I'm talking about?
Yeah.
There you go.
And of course, all you people out there that want us to go take several steps back.
And probably these votes on the website are from a Bergerin crowd over there at Quirch
Channel.
That's what that's coming from.
I'm trying to drive the show back in the old days.
Yeah, hello, doctor.
Those days.
You see, I hate to break the news to you, but maybe it's just me.
Maybe I'm the only one on the odd duck, so to speak.
I refused to be dragged around by my nose.
Now the alien stuff, we had no choice because it was happening right here and it affected our lives.
But even during the alien business, there were days where I said,
uh-uh, not today.
I just can't take another minute of this.
Just like our friend who called before, who usually has something to say, but started with that thing.
I don't want to hear about Cubans and about God damn the same old tired stuff.
Brailling.
That's why most God damn talk shows what they're doing under their children and we'll think toilet.
Because people have heard it all a million times before.
I will not sit here and discuss peace in the Middle East.
It's ludicrous.
It's idiotic.
It's nonsense.
There isn't going to be any.
They can sign 50,000 peace treaties.
It ain't going to happen.
You're dealing with fanatic crazy people.
And the idea that you take fanatic crazy people and you sit them around the table or you, you know,
sit them on a sofa somewhere and you're going to come to meaningful agreements that's going to have anything to do with the people and the way they behave.
It's nonsense.
Not going to happen.
And all these people I want to rehash 5,000 years of ugly, hateful, sick history.
Go ahead.
Not on the show, though.
I'm not going to do it.
And how come we have any names anybody called you with the name so far of any guests?
Oh, that was a duty look.
The answer was no.
No names, no suggestions.
Just algorithm.
Well, I was just on there just like when he called last week.
Did I have something to say?
No.
He's stolen the Amsterdam.
And he's going to put a pansy on a cobblestone there where I fell by the old church in Amsterdam.
That was it.
He didn't even say anything about eating,
see anything like that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
We're listening to your show all the time.
Don't change anything.
Okay.
I'm the neighbor, I referenced to the dog that died yesterday with the Cancrop people.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah.
He was a very nice dog and the agriculture supervisor came out, very, very rude woman.
And yeah, exactly.
She said that they do not use chemicals and yet the smell was amazingly bad.
And the neighbor on the other side where they did the actual tree trimming or whatever.
She had the papers that they gave her before when they did the job the first time and it didn't take.
The trees grew back.
They said that they used chemicals and that could be hazardous to pets and humans.
So stay away from the area that was being treated.
So in other words, they're changing their story now.
So she has this letter and she has made copies of it.
And I think she gave it to the police today that there is, that they do use it apparently only in some places.
Or maybe it depends on the guys, how he feels that day.
And also that's proof that there was a chemical that we weren't making it up to died.
But the dog didn't die on the back.
And what the making of a gigantic lawsuit to me?
It certainly does.
But that dog, you know, they're trying to say, well, it could have been a condition.
You know that he went over there and he smelled it and he died.
Sure, the cat too and the police officer got sick and we all got sick.
Yeah, you also went from the same condition, right?
We all had the same condition.
So it was really a very, very strong smell.
And in my humble opinion, I didn't see it.
Sounds like murder to me.
Hey, I was just going to say that.
You know, the dog was barking through the bushes, through the fence at the guys on the other side, which is his job.
That's what you have a dog for, the bark stranger.
And in my opinion that the guy got really peeved at the dog for being so close, I think they just sprayed him right smack in the face.
I'm just hoping that the autopsy shows something on the dog because...
Like I said, sounds like a gigantic humongous lawsuit to me.
Right, exactly, exactly.
Well, I just wanted you to know that something's fishy around here and that we are imagination.
Good luck to all of you.
All right, keep up the good work.
Staying here, bye-bye.
Yeah, horrible story, low-test unacceptable because we have the Canco Police out there now too.
In fact, even if you get like a cold sore, they're going to come to your house and arrest your ass.
The Canco Police.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Any suggestion on these great guests we're going to have here at all on the show?
No.
Huh?
We're going to have some of those sports guests, some of the slop over from the sports shows.
You want to have any of those on here?
Oh, I don't think so.
155 votes to the show go back to guests and topics.
Once in a while, 80.
That's 51.6%, absolutely not 63.
40.6% and 12.7%.
We got 12 people living in the distance path.
We want to go back to WS News and dig up all those dead guests and go back to that again.
How about Marvin Dunn?
He's a good guy.
One Marvin Dunn on the show.
He's a good dark boy.
One have Marvin Dunn?
Where's your guy?
Backed up, Dunn.
See, one thing about me, I don't take steps backward.
I just keep moving forward as fast as I can.
Not backwards.
Gladden paid Jolte to indecency.
I love Tommy Glaven, all certainly that pitching performance was indecent.
Carden is staying at a gay cruising area.
Legal advocate for conservative causes.
Matthew Glaven painted Jolte before a federal magistrate October 12th, the public indecency.
A misdemeanor for which, as the second time offended, he could be sentenced to as much as a year in jail,
three years probation and a fine of $50,000.
Longing for us to go.
Clearly sentenced in December.
Previously, Gladden had vehemently and adamantly denied the charges against him.
A difficult position to maintain after being arrested twice on the same charge in the same park.
Although best known for actions against President Clinton, including those leading with the current disbarment proceedings in Arkansas,
Gladden has President and Chief Executive Officer since 1994 of the Atlanta Georgia-based Southwestern,
South Eastern Legal Foundation has opposed the interest of gays and lesbians as well.
The Foundation filed a friend of the court brief in support of the Boy Scots of America
in support of their successful appeal to the US Supreme Court this year to retain their ban on gays.
And what is Georgia Supreme Court victory in 1995 against domestic partner benefits for a city of Atlanta employees?
So here, here we end this guy just happens to have a wife and two kids.
I might point out.
Well, we're in the park fondling a cop on a paying close cop.
Honey, like that.
So that proves you're here again, Newer.
This guy must be obviously as straight as an arrow.
And like I've told you so many times before, you can mark this down as the Wayne said, Baldi, mark this down.
But the homophobes out there, the ones who are obsessed, I'm not talking about just, you know, getting nervous in the shower.
I'm talking about people who are like professional homophobes like this guy Matthew Graven, and any of the other ones.
Trust me what I tell you. They're all screaming closet cases.
Everyone I've ever encountered in my life, every single last one of them.
Self-heating faggots.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Because what we pointed out so many times, why would anybody that's worried about who anybody else is just sleeping with a screw in their mouth with as long as they're not minors?
Bob Bowman as long as they're not minors by 15 year old boys. I'm sorry.
Don't forget to look for the Q&A now till 2 o'clock at the McDonald's on 57th Avenue Palm Medical Expressway.
They got the CDs and the best New York cassettes for this year benefit the plant paradise.
And also the...
Sports for Oceans and the best.
Great key things.
And the boutiche shorts.
Oh and they do have the T-shirts, which are great. Last year's T-shirt, it's up. This year they're great.
Huh? Now these are the best.
Yeah. These are beautiful. And limited number available.
So I'd rush right over there and grab one from a gel and a T-shirt too and the other good stuff.
I've got it. Now that my hand is... Yeah, my hand is coming along.
Not that anybody out there cares.
As a matter of fact, I don't... You have to squeeze something for the therapy.
I have to squeeze my putting.
Just yours. Is there somebody's might call it a bishops' play?
You haven't called it a bishop's play.
Here's a mobile and four-dollar deal. Hello.
Deal.
Put your right off the edge of my thumb. Yes sir.
I wanted to tell you what the police did with not the police, but the attacker police did with my daughter.
The shanked police? Yeah.
My daughter is 14 years old.
And she was at home. We left her at home. We went out to dinner.
She got a knock on the door.
Well, she looked outside and she saw some people standing there.
So she's not allowed to let anybody in the house.
They knocked on the door again. She said, hello.
And they said, we're with the state of Florida.
And we need to get in your backyard.
So I'm 14 years old.
I can't, you know, I'm not allowed to let you in.
You said, you have to let us in.
She said, well, I have a rot-wilder back there.
So another one who had the canker storm troopers?
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, listen.
This will even get better.
She said, I can't let you in.
Well, he said, if you don't let us in, we're calling the police on you.
He threatened my daughter.
She wanted to take him to the dog inside.
We have one of them having a roughness in the house because we have seven cats.
Yeah.
And having 130,000 rot-wilder didn't work out very well.
My wife called the commissioners office about this about proper or whatever it is for a good name is.
Called him about it.
Got a supervisor to come out.
And absolutely nothing was done.
She has made numerous phone calls because they threatened my daughter with police.
And she said, I'm only 14.
I'm not allowed to let anybody in.
You said, you don't let us in.
We're calling the police and we're getting your backyard.
That's what our state of Florida is doing right now.
Lovely.
It's really fun.
Okay, pal.
A lot of doors.
We'll let you know when it takes you to come out.
Say, hey, hey.
Good luck.
I do like that.
Striking his daughter.
The tanker police.
Let's make your bar.
5.670560.
And the public, oh no.
What about I argue about what's going on in the Middle East?
I don't.
I don't care.
I care as much about what's going on in the Middle East as I do about Zool and about his ailment.
I wish I could.
No, I care more about him because I wish him more.
Because he was a human being.
I wish him well.
And that's it.
That's the end of that.
That's the extent of my interest.
You notice we haven't had one call about that?
Not one.
Because generally speaking, I don't think that most of the people in the Saudi are into all that much.
In fact, I don't think anybody is.
Even when they sell those games out, most of the people are wandering around.
They've heard about this and they open an American Airlines arena.
They wander around, they shmooz and they booze and that's it.
And maybe they'll come back and watch a couple minutes of the game like at the end if it's closed.
And then they go home.
Like I told you, the home opened and the panther game.
I go out there to take a look and this is the middle of a period.
Okay, I got a pink light comes off at the two minute commercial break.
And of course the pink catches my eye.
But anyway, I go out there to take a look.
And here's these people in the middle of a closed game.
And they're wandering around on the guy named Highway.
Not a couple of them, but many of them.
They weren't like going to get food.
They weren't, they were out there socializing.
While the game was on and I'm thinking to myself,
what kind of people are these people are they?
Why are they here? Why?
Are we ever going to get an answer to that?
No.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18T and Verizon wireless line.
400 open lines as usual.
So you deal with it right here now.
26 after 11 a QM.
The Neil Roger show.
Sports radio.
562-8.
And I go in and in and in and in and in.
I will be here to believe I've got you.
I will be the best I've ever seen.
Running out of season.
I'll be just standing my way.
What's never stopped to go.
Now you're on them to where you come from.
Haven't eaten a thing for two whole days.
I tried what right and chicken's up for nothing seems to work.
My hammer is slowly and to feel like they're playing.
I think I've lost my mind calling and I'm ready to go.
But I don't understand.
The heart's gone and nobody else.
Still have dying real.
Oh Lord, I've got the run.
Just a touch of care per day.
But it's too late.
1131 as well.
Always have to wait for that last one.
Good one here.
1131 to 560 WQM got Hank at two.
We got Hank without downing it forward.
Robert Jones at five.
The books that were six then we got the Mariners and Yankees.
737 tonight.
Or could have that subway series in New York.
I might have not.
Who cares.
See, the thing with the Middle East business,
it's the same to the Jews as Alien was to the Cubans.
It's the same kind of obsessive-sick disgusting grotesque that turns my guts
that makes me nauseous.
Have we had anybody calling with a guest suggestion yet?
No.
Besides our grotesque who's stoned out of his mind calling him on.
And you'll notice, see, what time is it?
It's 1131 amoying.
So it's 530 and you have to know over there and Amsterdam.
So here's the guy, five in the afternoon and Amsterdam,
and sitting in this apartment, stoned out of his mind,
listening to the show on the Internet.
Now if you were an Amsterdam right now,
would you be listening to the show on the Internet?
No, I'd be stoned out of my mind.
What I was at Amsterdam, did I listen?
Of course I didn't have a computer.
But assuming I didn't have a computer,
would I be listening to the show on the Internet to make sure George didn't have some guests on again?
No.
And then, we can hear about the bill that he gave me to fly this bitch in that was on Friday.
Yeah, like I'm supposed to pay the guy they billed to fly her in from a high-fault woman
and a hell she came from.
This is really broad.
That he pretends he just found wandering out of building somewhere,
which Martha's on.
Who the hell are you kidding?
How's that poor common baby?
Should the show go back to guests and topics?
Is our question today on the heels of George's,
a world-winning show?
And I'm not knocking George and just knocking the audience.
Those calls yesterday.
That was the most important four hours of radio in the history of broadcasting.
You better get word, mister.
I would rather sit here and eat 400 pounds of dog excrement
than even think about going back to those days.
That's just a little hint is how I voted.
Should the show go back to guests and topics?
Once in a while I was still in the room with 89,
but absolutely not is catching up fast with 78.
And yes, 13.
It was like a half hour ago with 12.
There's only one more, 13.
And I'm lucky number in your case.
Because yes, people, the answer was, oh no.
Here's the fact that says, oh yeah, here's a good, absolutely correct.
You're dead on about zero-nice press conference.
What about the important things like the man with a gun and a zanker
who shot the dog or those pigs who were running the teen prostitution ring in Kendall?
Yeah.
Are you people in the news media?
Yeah, I've been telling this for a long time.
Back to the early on thing I told you it was not an important story.
It was a child custody case.
Between a father and a son and a bunch of scumbag relatives.
That's about that was child custody case.
And the media obliging leaders, they always were due,
made it into a big son of that to magnify the 10 million times more than what it is.
And the same thing, now it is no longer morning thing.
That's a big story.
But the fact that we got cops running teenage prostitution rings at our time
that for somebody who swept it all into the carpet,
we never heard another word about it.
And nobody cares.
New people in the media, great job, Miami Hill.
Great job, son, General.
tremendous job, channels 4-6, 7-10.
Beautiful job.
Not as Paul Harvey would say, where is the rest of the story?
That's what acquiring minds want to know.
Is there anybody out there who believes we're going to hear one more word about that story?
Oh, no.
How is that possible?
If anybody was thinking of me right now, if you were running a teenage prostitution ring out of your house.
And every cop in town, practically every other cop, two out of three.
We'll come into your house and bang in his broth.
These girls, underage girls, do you think you can get away with it?
No.
Do you think you can be in jail for a hell of a long time?
Yeah.
And throw away the key probably.
Not only do we have anybody in jail, we don't hear anything more about it.
It's in the closet now.
It's in that lock box that everybody saw.
Oh, you notice now even the building of column in his head is talking about a lock box.
Oh, the other guy.
Bill Nelson?
No.
One of those.
No.
I think it's in the column.
That's how he doodies fascists.
I thought it was the other guy.
Well, does it make a difference?
No.
Somebody stole, Al Gore's lock box.
And due to the leverments of security, he thought it was a lock box.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, don't put the lock in a box.
It'll get sale.
It'll be quotient.
It'll be trace.
To a Jewish for a major.
To a frickin' Jewish.
And that wife had asked for that bitch who's got to go.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, man.
How you doing?
I'm sorry.
I'm just so laughing about the lock box.
Maybe there's some still.
How many times did I have to do it?
Which kick I want to look?
I don't know why I'm laughing.
Because I'm really tuned off today.
Have you, I just tuned in, too?
Have you spoken yet about that playing fashion disorder with a democratic senatorial candidate
that was killed?
No.
What is there to say about it?
I guess all I can say about it is because I'm not going to say what I think.
But I will say that maybe I think the democratic party is changed.
I think maybe God really does like Republicans better.
I mean, what's the account?
Well, that's the God Squad.
They got the bat line.
Don't you understand?
They got the North connection.
He's down six in the polls.
He's losing women.
He got the Middle East.
He got the East.
Well, maybe if somebody kicks him in the ass and he wakes up and does something and I bet.
Because that's all I would take.
Because you'll notice the poor ski are so fickle now.
Because everybody hates both candidates.
So all he's got to do is show what a moan he's running against and maybe he might get the job done.
Well, I'm sorry.
I don't know who his hand was or what.
But remember when they said, like Reagan be Reagan.
Well, let's go.
He's a guy.
My slip.
Let out be out.
And let him go out there and just kick the mess.
Don't worry if the president didn't do it.
Well, that wouldn't be out.
Oh, but he does have it in him.
And I just hope he just lets loose and he just lauders the sky.
Yeah, I hope he let all over his face.
You know something they get a 90 share.
I'm telling you.
I wish I had access to the White House.
I'd say, ow, just do your thing.
If he would just walk or remember how the class year walked over to Hillary.
Big time.
If he would just walk over to WN, then over in the darkness space get a 90 share.
Good luck.
Bye bye.
Don't you think that would do it?
Put him over the top.
Yeah.
Take that one, baby.
In fact, it'd be like a crappitation contest all over again.
It's not pulling on your thumb.
It's bad for you.
I'll send you over to see Louise, my therapy lady.
We'll be able to just pull the whole bunch of paint holes.
Oh, there you go.
I got those devil shits.
22 before noon at 5.60 WDQ.
We got 500 open lines.
I want to see some action here today.
I want these bastards to wake up from their litigies.
It's the 17th of October already for Christ's sakes.
The summer is over.
The Lala days are over.
I want to do we have one suggestion on these guests which that's still eating 92-81.
They want guests.
That's what's in the box.
Okay.
We're giving you the opportunity.
Anybody?
Give me a name.
Give me a freaking name.
I'll send it to you.
I had promo said.
Give me a name.
You want Alan Burke?
Yeah.
He's dead.
How about Delta Burke?
How about Austin Burke?
He's dead too.
Tim.
He's going around.
You notice?
21 before noon.
And you have the Burke said we can think of a word dead.
Come on.
You're fast.
How about Peter Leonard?
That sounds like Burke.
Hey, Whitney has her hair.
It was the story of the girl.
She's a president for a world.
Yes, he kept Bill Black in her knees.
And we never did recover when he lied.
He's going to film the next four years.
Brother Goldbush, we still have a fear.
The politician is so intense here.
Never quite as honest as they would appear.
Shake hands to get babies, our kids.
And later on up to something so scandalous.
No wonder we're all so confused.
They get tower into evil.
It's bad to lay a few.
That's hope we will never again be betrayed.
Like a matter of change that falls on the head.
Cross your fingers today, right after the next one day.
It was the story of a girl.
What's the path to death for a world?
Yes, he kept Bill Black in her knees.
He's sad that we never did recover when he lied.
Yeah.
Seven people multiply 60 WQN.
That's the right thing.
I'm in 40.
I'm not sure if that's the right thing.
Of course, look at where they are.
67th Avenue in the Palmito Expressway in McDonald's.
And Mickey D's.
You know what the D stands for?
Mickey D's don't you?
Well, I'll tell you later.
Look for the QAM band between now and two at McDonald's.
67th Avenue in the Palmito.
They got the CDs, the Caracquinsets, and of course those.
People sliding in the curb.
KKN and the brand new Best in the Old Peacereets for this year.
Just got a compliment from one of those butterflies.
They're great.
They're really great.
There'll be no two o'clock to go and see the lovely Miguel.
We can do a lot better than 140 bucks.
I'll tell you that.
Let's get going.
Like they have just shown today.
What is with this crowd?
Are they in mourning?
Well, I'm sorry.
This should give you an idea of clue.
And believe somebody made the effort to fax.
At least at least they could be credit for that.
Here's a list of great guests that was just faxed to me.
First name, Dion.
Dion.
Oh, he's not.
Gone out of road.
Stop this fanning, mate.
I want to tell him what I heard of, boss.
Those thought he ate the organ.
Maybe if I don't play Sifilessou, I'm not gonna talk.
I want to tell everything I know.
The 16th-century Sifilessou, he ain't too fond of me anymore.
I want him to break up the signified.
Well, he's a fine-bodied guy to throw.
He's probably wasn't too kind of down the ship.
But he hates me that way.
You know, Neil's total rich.
A little bit.
Richie told the burden, for it's all Annie.
And he told a mother.
Tell her, where the two of them stop me, talk.
I'm gonna tell everything I know.
You know, like that.
There you go.
See, he still looks kind of like that.
I still have.
Got the crap.
Now, that's just respectful, man.
The guy's dead.
The guy's dead.
And you're making fun of that laugh.
I hope nobody's having.
Oh, I think he'd be pissed off about it.
Now, he's used to it.
Guess who's number two on this list?
Ed Dion's a good guy.
And he's, you know, the other day, did that.
That's why I played that.
Till some time, too.
Guess who's number two on this list?
Talk about terminal and boring.
Another good guy.
But I mean boring.
Micro-put me of Channel 10.
Do you want him on the show?
No.
No.
Well, it's cool, super intended, Dr. Frank,
too.
How about the guy from daycounty with a bad hippie, Dr. Fraud?
Like a snowman.
Big of bad hippie, as you see how we swim in all these things?
Guess who the next name is on the list, speaking of bad hippie.
That's my crew for it.
Check, look, I know.
No.
Where's the net?
Here's a clue.
It's alive.
I am not.
Oh, yeah.
Look at this.
It's a picture.
Is that a picture?
Anybody in a science remember, Rick Shaw?
No.
Woody Woodbury.
Who?
Here's a guy.
I mean, this list, I guess, dude.
This is the reason why the light bulb is gone and all those people are the way of the
wind.
Woody Woodbury, an old washed up comic he used to be in for a lot of day, like for a hundred
years over there on the beach when there were people under the age of a hundred out there.
My good close friend Craig Worthing is on the list.
How do you like that?
Well, we can make an exception.
Yeah.
What do you Craig?
But no, we don't want to talk to 90-year old people.
The president of the South Florida Council, Boy Scouts of America.
Dave Thomas.
Now, he don't have time to be on the show.
He's going to be eating.
Trying to format his next heart attack.
Todd Tungham from Channel 10.
What would we talk about?
Maybe we could ask who Todd's Tungham, but that's about it.
I think I have a pretty good idea.
And last but not least, and I, if you're sure if he's still alive, which I doubt, Tom Carvel.
Oh, I don't think so.
He can't be.
And he dead Tom Carvel.
No, but he is.
Oh, my God.
Okay, close.
Well, he's from Jersey.
Does he look down here, Tom Carvel?
I sure hope not.
So there's a list.
There's a tremendous list.
I actually give you an idea of what is in store for the audience.
I think people are going to be squeezing themselves.
They'll be squeezing each other.
They'll be dancing because asking the middle of the street, even if they don't know what that means.
Because we're going back to guess, baby.
Ah, yeah.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How are we doing?
All right.
And listen, I never get the call too much, but I'm always listening to you.
I got a couple of points to make.
I got a presence in the Canker problem.
It's funny that in this country, it's 265 million people.
That's all we have to pick from.
I believe that is asking you.
This all is.
Well, no, the reason I'm asking is because I think personally to blame, I think the system is behind them.
That causes people to rise up.
Push your goaler has more experience than push, but push.
There are a couple of points I like from each one, but overall, I don't think either one is better.
What do you like about Bush?
The only thing I like about Bush.
Actually, when I'm trying to push is that he has a little more sense of humor.
He has a slightly better rigid as Al Gore.
It's all the time.
That's something that's probably the first thing I think of when I go to vote for president.
Now that I'm going to be voting this year, who's got a sense of humor?
Who can crank a joke?
Yeah.
So that's not the reality, but overall Gore is more polished.
He should be the better candidate.
But when people the way they are, you never know what's going to happen in three weeks.
The citrus canker problem.
I know, yes.
A company that had a bottom dollar, there were three companies that were subcontracted by the state.
Three nurseries did do the eradication problem in the county.
And they charged between nine and twelve dollars per tree.
So that's why that poor dog's life, because they want to get in and out.
That's what I think those people had done to them with you, the in and out.
I think they were right.
So they charged between nine and twelve bucks, and they compared us from the paper couple weeks ago.
And the more they do, they make a national amount of money you numbers per month.
So originally in the 1900 trees that were away were not susceptible to it, but when they saw that bottom dollar, they were those included too.
So the bottom line is the bottom dollar.
The more they cut down, the more they made.
I say let's believe the goddamn trees alone.
I think you're right.
And I say.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Leave the goddamn trees alone.
Let's go and get people to get too late for George, but how about somebody else out there and their dogs?
See the trees I could live or, you know, I could take or leave.
You're properly, that's another story.
But the dog at that point is where we draw the line on the sand.
Okay. When you start messing with dogs, that's where some of us start getting really, really pork dogs.
You asshole, chanker people you.
5, 6, 7, 8, 0, 5, and say that's the kind of thing that George Bush would be all in favor of.
He doesn't believe in big government unless there's, unless there's a film with you.
Then he likes it.
He does not keep believing big government when it comes to helping people that desperately need help.
But when it comes to a film with your life and sticking their nose in it, then he believes in big government.
If he doesn't believe in big government, like who was it?
One of them saying last night maybe it was near a coma.
If he doesn't believe in big government, what's he running for president for?
I think George McGovern said that.
He said he's not running for president of the colonist. He's running for president of the US.
The most powerful position in the world, and he doesn't believe in big government.
Just more smokey, he's growing way in the air.
It's all it is, just like that conservative fascism bull crap.
Compassionate, whatever it is.
That's what Hermann Gearing said too.
And even Dr. Mangalos said the same thing.
We're killing them lightly is what he said.
He was the first one to say that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing?
All right.
Let's talk to you.
Listen, I got a fine guess for you.
Maria Alspengaya.
You can talk about the comfortably you wear.
About what?
The comfortably.
The comfortably.
Yeah. You know, I'm talking to people in the...
I wear wool.
No.
How about Ron Cheney Jr.
What is he saying?
We're going to bond together.
Book the book that show.
Yeah.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
Horizon.
How about Mickey Day? Let's get her on.
Oh, huh?
Do some psychic readings.
Over here you get the print.
We know.
Yeah. But this is clear.
Yeah, she's my favorite.
Yeah.
Get the crack out the Ocaro cards.
She could do a reading with her on the table.
You talk about, well, I need an aftertaste.
No, seriously.
Never be an open phone line.
And I think back to those, what are you laughing about?
It's the truth.
I thought that's what I was saying.
Virolythms, psychic readings.
Of course, if you measure the...
People who think that because you have a lot of phone calls
means a lot of people listening.
If there are 10 people like you do in Virolythms,
10 people on the phone, that means 10 people are listening.
And as soon as they get their own personal reading, they're gone.
Because they don't care about George Mendrix.
They don't care about his Virolythms.
They're gone.
That's the end of that.
Oh, that was great.
Tell me something about me.
Tell me something about me.
Just make it up.
But tell me something good about me.
Or even bad about me.
Just say something about me.
Because I feel, you know, a small insignificant.
I'm not big and important like all those big superstars.
Who never have a bomb moment.
I want all your kids out there if you're skipping school
or they don't understand that famous people don't have bomb movements.
You do any of that smelly stuff.
That's only for the rest of us who aren't so famous.
But the rich and famous people, they don't do stuff like that.
They only get laid a lot.
And it's always very glamorous.
Here's Davie.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
George is showing Friday's stuff.
Yeah.
This is Palestine 101.
I'm going to hear that one.
I'm looking for entertainment.
Yeah.
See, this is the entertainment show.
That's what I'm trying to bring it back to.
I realized that, you know, he's under a lot of duress and a lot of pressure.
And pay several people to make those calls of the show.
Yes, they, but never to rest.
Now, the past is what they called Friday is unbelievable.
Oh, you're talking Panthers.
And you tell me that the Palestinian stuff is there?
Inspired that bro, who I don't want to show up at the game unless she's going to sit on my face.
Now they got a rock band playing during this.
Do you mean that they brought her back Amy Schmenders from Channel 7?
They brought her back?
Yes.
She's big now.
And they wonder, I know they've come into the game.
Great section from where you sit now.
They got a rock band playing in the TV timeout.
Oh.
So we have more noise than ever before, and they wonder why the people can't come back.
You know, you people in the organization, I keep trying to tell you.
I know the team is out on the road, but I'm sure that the organization people are listening.
Right now, I keep trying to tell them if you want people in there, make it a more enjoyable experience.
And cranking up the decibel volume and keeping the noise constant is not the way to do it.
Now, hey, if I too pan the facts, I sit in a $70 seat with my wife.
I eat at the oasis before I go.
Yeah.
I only have to spend 50 bucks to have a really good time for two people.
So the prices don't matter to me.
But if they don't do something about the constant noise, I'm not going no more.
I don't blame you.
All right.
Okay.
She, there you go.
We don't want to threaten her anything like that.
But just tone it down and give us some time to think to bring it up.
Bring it down.
Scramble if we have any.
They just want to listen to that.
I don't know what it is.
There's a bunch of hard assholes, hard heads.
And that's what you need.
You need a hard hat when you go in there with some goddamn ear plugs.
Montreal didn't sell out their home opener.
2009 T-seats.
They're second game.
There's some real serious problems there.
There's also a few very bad things because after you get the other 30 teams in the league, that will be all set.
No Leafs suck, the Panthers suck, everybody sucks.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I just called to say that that last caller, he was absolutely wrong.
That show on fire, he was great.
And as far as I'm concerned, there's no reason why you should have any guests because you don't need them.
My opinion is that, I mean, George, he addressed an issue that's very relevant right now.
And did a fine job brought somebody out.
I'm sure he did a fine job, but it's just a living in the early morning.
He's very relevant.
Yeah, but I mean, a real point of view besides some religious nuts.
So I thought it was a great job.
You know, it was a point of view as real?
I don't know, it's real, but I mean, it leads to somebody that sounds like humans.
He's real?
I'll see you pal.
Have a nice day.
He said you did a great job.
He said you did a great job.
Okay, and don't take any crap like I've always told you.
Don't put up on any garbage from these naysayers out there.
First day, hey, did he?
Now they love you.
And on the next Monday, they'll hate you like poison again because they're sickle.
Doesn't bother me.
That's what I say.
Are you wrong, me?
And you pissed off the bush people?
And you pissed off the girl people?
And you pissed off the julieberman people?
And are you pissing off the metal East people?
That's what I say.
I'm here, like the guy said before, it's an entertainment show.
If you learn a little something wrong the way this bias moses, that's a bonus baby.
That's a free bonus.
No, like the frickin charge.
That's right.
So we'll let George do one of those real super educational shows about once every five months.
Don't do too much in the summer, please, no, God.
No, because the reason they like the shows in the summer is because you were talking about sex and fluffy stuff.
They like that.
That's what Maddie Bachelors had.
Sure.
Eating ass stuff.
Stuff that's really education like eating ass.
That's what they want to hear.
That's what they want to hear.
That's what they want to hear.
That's what they want to smell.
God, and don't mix the two in there like Palestinian eating ass.
I mean, oh, geez.
Not at lunchtime.
God.
Oh.
You take the earplug concession for the arena.
I'll take the noseplug concession for that one.
God.
And of course there's always a back home plug.
430-560-WGQAM-I-M-E-Port Lauderdale, a measly broadcast group station at wwwqam.com or the world.
So they're saying the land is for you for that, huh?
I don't know where there's a battle now.
Why are you embarrassed, who's there?
They know there's a lot of things.
To be hot, kind of rich, never old, I don't know.
They just rub me the wrong way.
And I send them to the lips and every speech of forgiveness is in the tubes.
Yes, yes.
Hillary hates you.
Do we cater through the whole system?
People's possible.
It is the news.
Hillary hates you.
I don't want to catch your life in a mandora.
No.
God, you must have a wonderful aura.
One, two, six, I want to cry.
She could use a good rapist and the news.
Oh, Hillary hates you.
I brought both to a 560-WGQAM.
Here's a fact that you're the guy.
Which he just handed to me.
I guess he was too embarrassed to give it to me until this point.
from some laundry head, I mean some Palestinian guy,
Mohammed Diav in Boka.
It could be some other kind of error.
So appreciated your open true views on the problem
and your virulent anti-Semitism and keep it up, he said.
Also, here's the fact that says,
get involved with local politics like you did on WNWS.
And I'll wait, but wait, can you hear the best line?
Jim Phillips is making a good living doing that
down in Orlando, down in Orlando, okay?
You see the heaven and the hell crowd, the Jesus Christ is,
they're the ones who would tell you, you know,
like up and down is an up and a down,
to down being hell.
And of course, I think this guy's got a point, down in Orlando.
Jim Phillips is making it, if I could just go back to doing
bringing local politicians in, maybe I could make a good
living there, huh?
Let me just do that.
Yeah, I have to do the way the market is in the twilight again.
Do they want?
What you be saying?
I said, that would be somewhere.
Then I could be a contender, you're right.
Going back to local politics like I did on WS news.
Just remember, keep going backward, kids.
Just keep taking several big, big, bad steps backwards,
just like this country's gonna do in three weeks.
I have a sick feeling in a pit of my stomach.
Here's Fort Moderndale, hello?
Hi, Neil, how you doing?
All right.
Listen, I know you don't watch Fox News, but you know what?
If I can help it.
Hi, well, you're gonna laugh at this.
You don't burn these sandwiches that you
kind of come from Vermont.
These are independent.
He's facing off his opponent.
His Republican is a conservative right wing.
Fascist, yeah.
One of those types.
And he has this business of God on his truth.
He happens to be a Republican and he's a transsexual.
Really?
So help me, God.
And we probably get to not kick him out of it.
They're gonna keep him in the race.
And I was funny.
We were watching on Fox News.
And Great You was talking about it.
There's a unique race in Vermont.
You can rail fight by clothing.
We were broken news.
And the Republican, he's a opponent.
There happens to be a Republican transsexual.
It's kind of funny to look at.
Probably gonna get a lot of men in women's clothes.
That's sexual.
Listen, I speak about the Abbasatmag.
I know it's very similar.
Oh, I look.
And Green Spanner speaking on Thursday.
Oh boy.
Do me a favor, Neil.
Don't be an individual, Fox.
You know, why don't you go ahead and watch?
Most of my money is not individual stock.
OK, bodyguards.
In fact, the only individual stock have a lot of.
You'll be loved this with Xerox.
Well, there's always hope.
Bodyguards.
Why don't you buy the NASDAQ 100, the QQQ?
Those are the top 100 technology stocks.
It's already down 50%.
And just go to sleep and forget about it.
And you've got to.
It's an index spot.
You know, I mean, if all your 100 companies go down
before, then we're going for a depression.
So I don't see the NASDAQ falling any further
than on the three, so then the amount three.
Oh, it's down 77 right now.
And it's the only new one.
I still got four hours.
You're like it.
You're on the 100 top Microsoft.
And Microsoft.
And my stock broker, Merturist, told me it's 71.
And it was a great, great buy at 71.
I said, I don't think so.
It's 50 bucks now.
Now, I know.
But you still have all the, you have you have you have
you have Coring, JV, the Udifrains, CMS.
You have over 100 technology stocks.
You have 100.
I'm just taking it all to pump it up.
All right.
I want to have a good time with my money.
But it would be a big fan of Thursday.
Oh boy.
I don't forget the transaction.
We're more.
OK, thanks for the good news.
OK, too bad pieces of news.
5.670560.
If we had a good guest called in yet so far,
those are guest lovers out there.
Couldn't really tell on our pool.
Anybody out there ever have a tight pool?
Should the show go back to guests and topics?
See, I think that on the show during the early on,
they said, we have any guests during those days,
during those months and months.
When we were the one-horse of sanity in this town here,
did we have any guests?
No.
Did we talk about having any guests?
No.
No.
Was there any need to have any guests?
No.
Was there anybody that we wanted to have on the show
other than the fisherman?
No.
No.
What's the point?
Didn't we do an adequate job here, I think?
No.
The point was, if I had said the things
that I wanted to say about the Middle East,
I would have come off sounding very...
I'm not trying to say that.
You know, you're getting defensive again.
I'm talking about the show you've done on Friday.
I'm just talking about General William.
General William.
That's what I was talking about.
Huh?
Yeah, I was talking about...
I mean, we had our growth in the one German,
who had that one day...
Oh!
...hush of Fatal, washed out Jews on the show.
No.
No.
Of course not.
And I didn't...
And everybody I talked to,
oh, that was great, God, we were peeing in our pants.
Why was that great?
What was great about that show?
I must be doing something wrong.
It wasn't great for the wristheads.
And it wasn't great for the wristheads.
And they were sitting right between us there in the middle.
Big, uh, porky, hairy Jews,
which I know he still lifts them over there.
And don't call me again, Alan,
until, uh, you know, I'm off the air.
So tell you here about how he's stoned over there.
And the thing I'm using that...
Go out there and get a, uh, job.
Yeah.
Yeah, some kind.
Yeah, I don't want to tell you where that might happen.
But nevertheless,
wherever,
Oh!
In a very dark room.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Mobile and West Palm.
Sounds real bad to me.
Sorry, I'm I.M.Y.
Hello.
Hello.
You're here.
Yes, I am.
I got a suggestion for you.
Yes.
That's this bird who writes in the Miami Herald,
this loose wild.
I can't, I can't pronounce his last name.
That may out with it.
I'm a saver.
Very radical.
So she saw Aunt Diabar,
and she's always knocking the door.
Yeah, that's the one.
Liz Dama said that,
yeah, Jordan Wandseran,
and Henshel looks pretty hot in that picture.
Very big, I go with the big hair.
Yeah.
So, yeah, she's got the balls to come in on the show,
one-on-one with you to see what comes.
She's not writing anything good about the government now
when they came in and hooked out with all of them people in the clothes.
Yeah.
The money to get them back on their feet again.
Yeah, let me first you leave the studio.
Maybe it's from a picture green card.
I don't think he's one.
Yeah, maybe he was.
Okay, well thanks for the bad suggestion.
We want her on the show.
You know, if I could call her,
it makes me nauseous.
It's from 40 out of the van and they're dying over there.
They said,
well that's because nobody's listening.
We got one call on the board,
we're not raising any money for our client here
and their doctor at the van.
They're all gone.
They want guests.
They want the Middle East.
I told you, you've totally turned a subside down here.
We've got the wrong crowd list now.
They're sitting waiting for something that's not going to happen.
I'm coming in here with a good mood.
I want to entertain.
I got my therapy yesterday.
I got my wrist a little less length than it was before.
Where's the other way around?
I think it's getting back to the length instead of what it was before.
And I'm making a little bit of a fist.
I'm fisting.
What the hell, what could you want?
I'm doing okay.
But you know, the audience,
they're out there at the McDonald's.
See, they picked that location.
What do they want from me?
They pick a crummy location like that
because Miguel's being a professional Cuban today.
We don't have any listeners out there.
McDonald's 67th Avenue in the Palm Nettel.
They'll be there at the U.A. Clock, huh?
Who is out there?
Who's out there?
Don't give me any lift.
What the hell was that?
That's not dark.
Are you kidding me?
Those are dark.
These are out there at the 60th Avenue in the Palm Nettel.
They've moved that far out there.
Jeez, and the wonder the Cubans are moving all the way
into the Everglades.
Well, that's the idea.
Nine minutes after you know that 560,
it's above the U.A.
Too bad we didn't have the little video camera for the people on our website.
That would have been very entertaining to see George
doing nothing with his lips.
This will ruin it.
That's a visual.
Yeah.
Nine minutes after you know that 560,
WQA.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560.
QA.
And have a great night, a huge pair!
On the corner of Fourth and Bleaker in the heart of New York City,
there's a hooker who can suck the chrome off a tailpipe.
She's been trained in the consgal arts and she was only 18.
And she's seen more loads come her way than the receptionist and weight watchers.
But if you want to see this lady in action,
you've got to know exactly how to find her.
And when you do, you've got to bring cash.
Because hookers like her may do what you want,
but they don't take Lisa or American Express.
Hey, baby.
If you got the bread, I got the spread on it.
That's it's everywhere you want to be.
1214 is 560 WQA.
I mean, put some panties out there on a goddamn combo store, OK, Al?
If somebody can escort you out there,
see no far out your fat ass.
It is a miracle that he can actually stand erect.
And I use that expression very loosely.
Here's a fact from Shelley and Mimey Springs,
who are along with some other stuff that she says about the Canker Police,
says, please note topics.
Just stay the way you are.
That's what Shelley says in Mimey Springs.
Oh, god damn topics!
See, one thing that disturbs me a lot about professional ethnics,
like the Jews with the Middle East and the Cubans with the Nobel Obsession,
if you could just for one day just be a regular human being
with no labels attached, you'd be amazed
at how your interest would be a much more diverse and much more meaningful,
the things that you expend energy thinking about and worrying about and being involved in,
things that really have some impact on our real lives.
As opposed to things that you're all with,
cup of a, that haven't got anything to do with your real life.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, Neil, I got a couple suggestions for some guest entertainer.
Okay, there we go.
All right, one of the softwares and the newest telemotors,
how about, uh,
O.J. Simpson is ongoing private investigation in the murder of his wife.
Yeah, okay.
And how about, uh, Mary Solis' Gonzalez,
you could find out what the hospital preference she has.
Mary Solis' yes.
Okay, thank you.
Which one do you like best?
560-560, we got 600 open lines here today.
We're talking about the Middle East, who's right?
We're talking about the Jews, the Palestinians, the Fabrician and Graham.
560-560, pound, well I got to pretend I'm talking about that,
because then maybe I'll get some calls.
I doubt it though.
We're in a coma phase now.
We're just in that total coma phase.
Here's a mobile and book, hello.
Good luck to topics, you Jew, bastard.
Very weak.
Weak.
Okay, here's our last call and I have no idea where it's from,
because it didn't come up on the phone.
No, Neil.
Yes sir.
I got some names for you.
Okay, take your time, you're our last call.
You can see no stand.
You can see no stand, that's everyone.
Can't do it.
Come on, you can do it.
Come on.
Don't hang up.
We're going to do that.
Okay, we got no calls now, that's an ugly bit of Queen Esther, I'm sure.
Yeah, get Queen Esther in here again.
All right, they'll come up best of them, Queen Esther, that's what I'm here for.
Okay, no calls on the board, show us over.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
Good night, Queen Esther.
I hope...
Audcie kk their voice this evening.
Audit ring telefon.
Audit ming telefonabuan?
Addota, earphone button.
Auditaeveronga is the British Cette win.
Audita Mung bean.
You don't know.
Audita Mung bean.
year old idiot. I'd ride told the people I yesterday and nobody believed in the whole
thing was a put on it was doing a fill hundred years. It was a fake yes to prove it. And
it was just a put on. You got it. It's usually correct. He's never even been to Brooklyn
much less to Israel. You're the best guest in the whole goddamn country. Amen. That's it. God
bless you. The section of the mail. Okay. Okay. That's right on my own just okay. My
guest today is. Oh God. Yeah. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Thanks for asking. Queen Esther.
Was that her name? Of course not. You just got to tell me her name was Queen Esther,
which of course you know what Esther is. That's a dacha. It means Esther in in the Hebrew.
So you guys fake name because she didn't want to get blown up. She wanted to get blown
around. She had one of those five six out of five sixty. I'm sure while she couldn't
have been too hot. She must have been a look warm. So she's in the building. Is it somebody
that I know? No, she not. That was a better number thing with the lips. Oh, I'm sorry.
That was bad. Oh, good thing we're not on TV. I'll take it out. Anyway, speaking of
the lips for 40th of any by the way. Is that better? What was it before? Choose something.
Well, see, it's better. We finally picked it up a little bit. Maybe some other sports
use a store about this seven, eleven and guts and a few days. See, I didn't know that
that was a dark area. Why would they be going into a dark area with our stuff? First of
all, they're probably like you're going to get held up number one and number two. We got
dark people listening to the show lots of them and they love the show because they got
to go to see him. Why maybe they just don't understand what I'm talking about. But number
three, they haven't got any money. They haven't got no money to go out there and buy the
best of. Yeah, that's what we're hoping that they're going to do, but I don't think
so. See, I think that's the little deal about Chris, the nephew. He's pissed off him
because I ripped him on the other day. So now they're going to go out with a van every
day. But we're going to go to areas where they know we had no audience. And then they're
going to say, Oh, she doesn't must be nobody listed that old man because we only raised
500 bucks there today. That's not true. I'm just going to prove you wrong. They're going
to throw the city tomorrow. Yeah. In ghouls on no Thursday and the rain john Friday. They
sure know how to pick him. They'll feel they're real good down there. And then again, he
looks like a picture. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line. Here's
him over in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a I'd like to hear that. I'm
a religious man. I'd like to hear that Reverend Scott Jones speak on your show. Who
now is that? Reverend Scott Jones. He's down there on that that church of jazz that was
on there a lot of back on your program. The church of jazz. The church of jazz. How's
it? The church of jazz. He runs that homeless church down there on second avenue. Yeah.
But they got what got to the Bible. Oh, the guy with the disciples you're talking about.
The church of jazz. The one that did your game. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm on there. That
would get a 90 share. Okay. I'd like to have him speak me to an excellent idea. We could
find him. He's your best. Get a 90 year cheer. Get 110 share. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on
the 18 T. Oh, speaking of shares, what there's the book coming out of summer book, which will
be a monument to George and the great job that he did even almost as good as that great
year on Friday with that fake is really what they are coming up. I don't know. Well,
how can we don't know these things? Of course, the Bose over there. He's not to lunch for
his three hour lunch. So we won't find out from him. Who you calling? Who would know
that? Yeah. He's not going to be in there. It's 25. Are you out of your mind? 25 after
noon and you think that bluff is going to be sitting on his ass in there in the programming
when he officially could be up to lunch for two or three hours. It's got to be next
week sometime. That's what I'm thinking. I've got to be coming pretty soon. I smell
that bonus money. Did you ever get the bonus from the? No. I'm told you know, the
will be in this next paycheck in three days or in three days. Oh, you mean you're directed
by the pool and they have to have two weeks passed by the time I haven't told them yet.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile color red. Hello.
Yeah, mama. Okay. And there's a great guest. Yeah. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I think I know we're George from that Queen somewhere on South
Beach at the back door lounge. Could be. These are the guests and I think you and George
should alternate being each other's guests at least for a week. Okay. How's that idea?
That sounds pretty good to me. Okay. So what do you think about the Jews George? Oh, I love them.
26 past noon. Don't go off half baked. That's what George always say to the Jews.
26 past noon at 5 60 WQ I am. Is that what you always say? I'm going to read that book on here.
Yeah, we got the big debate coming up tonight. You people aren't taking this too serious. That's the feeling I'm
getting about it. You've got to start taking a little more serious. But you all on
Cali was taking a very goddamn serious because it's only three weeks away from
auction. They goddamn it, which I will be voting 40 or 50 times for a man who's
like a dead man, but nevertheless, he's our buffer. Oh, he's our buffer. He is God.
I so we kidnapped Mario Cuomo and he wakes up the next day in the White House.
In the oral office, that's what I say. Make him an offer. We can't refuse.
Just stick his ass in there.
Father, I'm the upper no longer boy. I'm a Catholic.
I'm a Catholic. I'm a Catholic. I'm a Catholic. I'm a Catholic. I'm a Catholic.
Now the world depends on you. And the power you hold there.
If you say his life, he's like, he's like, he's like, he's like a God going up to the
top.
You have a brand new style to read up the way you fuck your
Chinese. Very good. Of course, not that there was a big variety of students from, but one
from Colomay and one from Colomay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
We shouldn't be knocking poor Rick and such. They're over there at a stupid talk with no
numbers, no audience. We're doing the best we can to promote them. But once we get Bob
and Tom over here in the morning, then we'll have to stop doing that.
In fact, even Joe, I saw a little dog in the hall this morning. He said, once that Bob
and Tom started here taking our place, I said, pretty soon, Joe. And default just came
in at the Illinois terrified, insecure look that he's always got on his push. 660.
Say we're doing it, baby, even with the dark folks out there in a palmino. Be sure
and bring your passport when you're out there in a palmino because you're certain parts
of it. You haven't got any ID. What country you're in? Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Oh, how are you, Neil? Okay. Hey, how are you going to get guests confirmed and guests
when you can't even get a friggin' tea chain in a stack? Yeah, that's true. That's a good
point. Yeah, I got a good idea. I got a good guest for you. Look, a bull's-o' warning.
So you and I you and him go back and forth of how you guys are doing. Okay. Okay. I'll hold
up my wrist and he can hold up his kidney. 5.670. His end. 5.6705.650.560 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line. Out of town is open for the course of the K-104 Myers and nobody
else would call us on that line. Would they? No. No, not for Love or Money. 877. You know
the rest. My father. 276 votes of our poll. This is heavy duty. Hogi Carmichael. Hogi
and a chopping. No. Rick Wiley plays Hogi Carmichael. Do you know who that is? No. Oh,
oh. When he is a man, when he was young, he was old. That's how old he was. He was an
older time corn ball, kind of like the gaby haze of music. Hogi Carmichael sang all these
corny like novelty records about 100 years ago. And that's what it. And maybe that's why
Rick has got those numbers. 277. That's our number on our poll so far. Should the show go back
to topics and guests once in a while. Isn't it pretty close? Every once in a while we
ask you a question on the thing and it's a lot of sighted. But today it's it's moved into a real
battle here. A battle royal once in a while. 144.48.3% absolutely positively not
121.43.6% and yes, yes. 22 only 7.9%. That must be the old fart crowd that are just
best but to go back to the WS News days. She would bring back all those guests. We even have
a guest appearance by Jerry Wichner and maybe even a six million dollar man. There were
a couple of people who were in the show. And I remember the only time that I remember WS
knew hanging up on him because I mean like real fast. The show was like all dead people
calling and real laid back and slow. But I remember one guy calling one night I was on
the way home from work. He says, hey, Jerry, about those sandwiches. Click. Because that
was his bread and butter with that. That's six million dollar man. It's eight one
million dollars. That's the best you see. Probably the guy with a bad teeth. Yeah, Kim
Blanc Jr. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. I see a new knock those people all the time. And
now that we don't do these appearances anymore, there are a lot better because you don't
have to see them or smell them. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes.
I'm on a speaker. Can you hear me? I hear you. So I take it off the speaker. It would be
a lot better. But. Okay. I can hear you. Much better. Yes. I just wanted to
talk about the Middle East crisis. Have you ever been to Israel? No. I don't want to go to Israel.
Well, I've been there several times for years and also I have family that lived in Northern Israel.
And once when I was in Jerusalem, there was a fighting zone. With the kids throwing the
box and the kids throwing the box. And I was like, what's the most important thing? I was
in the United States. I mean, I mean, Israeli soldiers. With the guys. Yeah. And it's very,
it's very interesting how these things occur and how they develop and how now it's gotten
out of hand because it's what do we know now? Well, this last three weeks of violence.
It's gotten a little bit out of hand. I mean, the last 5,000 years of violence? Well,
there's always a work they've always had a little bit of fighting going on. And especially
on Russia, on the last 20 years. They've always fought. Why are you telling you this, though?
I just wanted to tell you that I've seen the fighting and that it's really an
unfortunate unfair crisis for both sides. They're both losing. When these things happen,
the board is close down. There's no commerce going on anymore. The rest of us have to
be incredible gambling, you know, and the Israelis, though, they're all the time. Jericho is an
Arab city. Yeah. But they go there to gamble because they have to buy the wall down
and they get up shut. I saw the walls. I got to Jericho. And so no one's taking
money but to gambling to see no money. Why are you telling me this, how does this affect my life?
It doesn't affect your life. I'm talking about what's going on over there. So why do you keep
going? I was going to Italy if I were you. It's also an incredible company and you'll be
a lot safer there. Actually, I've been in travel for my business and I have family
and parents and I go all forget about that. Forget about that. Every company has
something offered. That's why I feel about it. There's nothing offered. I said, you'd
like Italy. It'll have a great time. 21 before 1 at 5, 16,
22. I see those of you who are obsessed with the Israel thing. I don't get it. I
had to put that up with my family on the father side for many, many years.
Big Zinas, right? Yeah. Well, and I don't know. That's it was just because the
right to the family was to obsess obsessive. Slapping over there and
sloughing back and sloughing over there and sloughing back and moving there and moving back. And
you know, that crap. Pointless. Absolutely pointless. No particular reason just because
you know, it ran into family. That kind of problem. 24 1 at 5, 60 WQM. Hey, I'm
going to tell you it's still hot as hell out there. Maybe almost the end of October.
And if you want a little bit of hot air out of your car, if you want some cool
air in there, go and see our good buddy Reggie at Mobile AC charging. He comes right.
In fact, you don't have to go anywhere. He comes right to your home. Your office
will go off course no matter where you are. And it's a lot better than sitting around in the
service office waiting for us. You know, if Peter let it keep handing me this kind of
thing, I'm just going to say, Reggie, don't pay him. Don't pay him. That's all. I mean, it's just,
it's impossible trying to weed through it, finding out what these people are peddling. What it is that they're
doing, what their phone number is, where they are. As opposed to Peter let it and it's
sit down comedy routines, which I have pages, add pages and pages of here.
The Neil Rogers show. Sports radio. 560. You. Hey. What the fuck?
What the fuck? Phone on with Dave and Breller. Another glorious morning.
The sun is shining. I'm on day with my life and all I need to make it perfect is
an delicious cider from old farmer Peckery. Farmer Peckery and Cider is the finest
anywhere. In fact, I try to have my Peckery and Cider every morning. Although
haven't the Peckery and Cider in the afternoon is always a nice treat to you.
Sometimes I add my favorite liquor to it and I can have some hard
Peckery and Cider.
Mmm. That's nice. So, do you looking for that special
something? Why not get some backer and cider for your sale?
Well, what do you mean they're out in 15? What do you mean by that?
It says you're 11 to 2. Well,
there's probably about a bunch of dark keys out there. Something that they're
wishing out like this. It says, right here I've been promoting. They're going to be
there from 11 to 2. Now, what if somebody shows up like a 115 and they're not going to be there?
We're going to have some pissed off listeners out there.
That'll be first. Yeah. That'll be the first with our fundraiser that we had
pissed off listeners. Won't it? Yeah. Like I said, from 11 to 1,
there'll be at the McDonald's on 67. Well, maybe they ate some of that food. That might
have chased them out. McDonald's the 67th Avenue Palm Outer Expressway, with our best
of meal seed season consists. And of course, those really nifty and fantastic
key chains. What's the deal on our poll here? Look at it. It's a battle once
they're wild with a guest and the top is 145. Absolutely.
I'm 134. Man, it is really tightening up. Can you feel it?
Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. So that's culturally well
traveled. Maybe the only thing good about France is French fries.
And you get much better when we spend anywhere else. Yeah. When I spoke to
George, I told him this last week and he agreed with me, but I guess I
need to be repeating. Yeah. That's got to be princess.
George can tell you why. He's giving me a blank look.
Oh, blank look. Yeah. He was with him when I told him. There's only room for one
clean. Oh, yeah. No, he called him here. Yeah. That's a good point.
All right. Okay. Thank you. 5 6 7 0 5 50 Palm 5 60.
I'll tell you that. Show on Friday, boy. Got this town talking. They're whipped up.
See, Joe Zagaki and Greg Cotex, you don't understand. They're not all talking about
Zoe. They're talking about the show that George did here on Friday with at
Jubich. I mean, with that Queen Esther.
They don't come no bastard and old Queen Esther. That's what I'm hearing.
Actually, she's pretty young. Yeah. That's what I'm hearing. Also.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, regarding that
canter issue. For the past two years, they've sent the same moron out here
to my house and went over my citrus trees, which by the way are totally
impressed with canter. But does he see it? No, he doesn't see nothing. He's telling me
it. He couldn't see a canter if he had one on your lips. He keeps telling me that
it's not canter. It's some kind of grease spice. Well, show me a picture of what canter looks like.
Is it some kind of one? Re-spice. Re-spice. Yeah. So it's like show me a picture of canter.
Probably got a grease spot on his leg. Oh, man. So since he can't remember what canter
looks like, he's got a picture of canter. He shows me this picture. I said,
look, that's exactly what's on these trees. He told me, told me, will not give it.
And he says, no, there's no canter here. Won't take the trees down. They're never going to give
it. Right here, bro. That's a good sign. At least you won't kill your dog anyway.
Yeah. Good luck, man. Hey, thank you. That would be my corner of the dermatologist
when you got an acid growth, you know, from being out in the sun playing too much golf.
Golf will kill you. I don't want to get started on that again. Golf and the people who play it.
Because I don't want to get our friends caught problem in upsetting. He went to Vegas.
He was out there playing golf. I mean, is that pathetic or what?
What do you say to a guy that goes to Vegas and plays golf? You're gay.
Well, I mean, you try that. But if you went to the dermatologist, you had like a big nasty thing on your forehead.
And you went there and he said, well, let me look into book and see what a picture of a tumor looks like.
Let me see what skin cancer looks like. And then I'll compare it and see if maybe that's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That's a full question. Now, one of these days very soon, which is a bigger pan ZS candy S sports golf or football?
Now, at least in golf, you don't see anybody out there on the course handling other guys balls.
Can you, can you, can you, here's, here's the whole washers for the guys that were upset yesterday.
They always get very in sense when I bring that up. I've only brought it up about 25,000 times because I know it's physical.
But the football nerds out there because I like football. It's, it's okay.
Especially when a quarterback's good looking. But anyway, the thing about putting your hands under the center is crotch to grab the ball.
So to speak. Can you imagine going out of a golf course?
And there's a guy there on a green and the guy's getting ready to putt. Don't touch his putst and and one guy gets down on his hands and the other guy gets up behind him and puts his hand out of his crotch.
What do you say to that guy?
Yeah, I was think so. But if it's a football game, oh no, that's different. You don't understand. It's a real man's board.
And then golf, do they go and take showers together when they're done?
No, I don't think so.
I don't think so. Yeah, but they wear those pants. They did the sky. Well, the Scottish invented it with a silly.
I mean, if there's done enough to wear the kilp, they're certainly done enough to wear those stupid pants and those awful panty candy as a flurry bird kind of socks.
Nickers. See, that's one thing everybody. The reason we hated the sellers wasn't just because of Johnny Motha was because of those socks.
Oh, man, talk about a bunch of food cakes. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir. I'd like to talk to you about Joe Robby Stadium for a second, but the only stadium in the country and I've probably been in a hundred of them.
That's the there is not a clock in the stadium. If you sit and look around the whole perimeter of the stadium on the inside, walk around with the club seats are.
Yes, sir. That one clock.
I have a great idea for you save the money on the admission. No, go to the game and you maybe can afford to buy a watch would be good.
5 6 7 0. See, I'm very suspicious of people who don't wear a watch. I'm very nervous about people who don't wear a watch and then I'll come up and ask you what time it is.
Now, I would grant you that there can be a good conversation starter depending on the situation. Like, you know, like in the rest of your would be good.
You know, take your watch out and put it in your pocket if you really wanted to do that.
Yeah, deep in your pocket. Yeah, I'm just feeling for my time piece. You get the time.
It's a good conversation starter, but the guys who don't wear a watch, anybody doesn't wear a watch. I'm very suspect of that.
I'm not sure if they're going to wear a watch. They're going to wear a watch. They're going to wear a watch.
I'm going to kill you there to a real, to a real dark town in Oklahoma, locker and Liberty City.
You're right. He's a real pussy. He would never go out there. He's a voice.
This is the first time I went with my wife the other night and I saw the exercise for the first time. Excellent.
And I remember when I was a kid, my mom used to tell me, it was the scariest movie she ever saw in her life. And she still has a nightmare.
I'm sitting there in the movie. And the scene came on, I can't help but hold all the boys. I burst out laughing.
I can think of why we're only, that's when Neil got that. Exactly. And my wife is like, yeah, you know, people, you know, hey, you each go me down.
And they want to get to that serious dramatic part. The power of the party is hooked up. I lost it again. All I can think about is when you're on.
There you go. So you got me in trouble. You got me in the wife's matter. Excellent. Well, maybe you'd want to find something good.
Yeah, well, fine. And last thing I was thinking, you know, as far as, you know, to guess, I don't think you should do it very often.
But I think it might be kind of fun. Maybe even entertaining for you guys to set up like a mobile band and like go over town,
so go buy the Camila house and just, you know, pick some of those people and some of the refraffages around it.
Yeah, interview them. I'm sure you get a 90 share out of that. Okay. Well, let me know what time your show starts.
Take care of me. I'm telling you.
I think I'm losing my face. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the come on. Let's get that. All men brothers in Ramblin man.
I get goosebumps. I actually get a little bit erect when I hear that Ramblin man, the almond brothers, because I think back to that scene in that bar.
I think I may have been a gay bar actually in that movie. Yeah.
With father, Karrus, it was certain to get like just follow apart with this whole business that was going on with poor. What was your name?
What was the blues name in that movie? Reagan. Yes. See how I forgot. It goes with the name.
No, but when father Maran turns to father Karrus in the middle of that exercise and says, you're gay. I mean, that was pretty exciting.
Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Hey, what's up? Neon. How you doing? All right. All right. I just want to call them because that one on the material. I just want to call somebody a douchebag.
Okay. Go ahead. Just tell me you the permission slip right here on the world famous Neon Roger show.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 see I'd rather do that. I would rather do that than consider talking about the Middle East or talking about that stuff.
I'm not just picking on that because you're just using this example. I'm glad you love the show. That's all great. I'm just not going to do it. I refuse to do it.
Why should I talk about things that I don't care about? I was forced to talk about alien for months and months. Did I care about aliens? No.
I give a flying crab about alien. Oh, but there is a recent and a freaking pony fish. No, no.
But I'm not going to make a habit of it because it's annoying. It's pointless. I'd rather sit here and go boo boo.
And we're like that and have a much better time doing it. So the audience, to be honest with it, if you really fetched up, I'll know.
Neon. We want to hear you're such a great intellect. Yeah. Yeah. Such a brilliant mind. If you just come with us to Israel, no thanks.
See that woman. She prefaced her remarks. You know, you're not fooling me for a second. I've been doing this for too long.
She prefaced her remarks with a suck up. She's lived here all her life and I'm very funny and she's listening to me for years.
Which is fine. I appreciate that. That's great. But that still doesn't mean I'm going to let her in at that point.
I should have said goodbye when she started honking me a China with that Israel stuff. You see what I'm saying? She was trying to soften me up.
So she could get in and get her foot in the door and start giving me a son of an aunt about stuff that I don't want to talk about.
There's no point. There's nothing new going on over there. Also, the last three weeks, it's been a little more than usual.
What we do when they burn the few more people to the less than usual and chill if you want to pee. Yeah, whatever. It's always going on.
It's just a matter of the grade. The 85 minutes discussion for a piece really is pointless. She's got me going on again.
Absolutely pointless. When you do it when religious fanaticism, there is no given take. There is no union.
There are no concessions. There's no that that's why I find everyone came back with a counteroffer.
They're also surprised that what car offer when you're getting with terrorists. What's the point?
So I can wait for the counteroffer from Osama bin Laden. They might see that yet. Oh, it's coming. It's in the mail.
The police bring it along with your bonus shirt from the diesel.
Two minutes to a one or five, just to 2 am. This is 560, QAF, 48, 560, WQMI, heavy pork lutter, a measly broadcast group station.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
The police are in the mail.
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
I think the best is that
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
The first thought was
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
If I would have known that
What's his name?
Roy!
The Chief Engineer.
126 is 560 WDQR.
I'm a Neil Rogers show.
Sports Radio.
560s.
Q.A.
I'm not a f***er.
A.B.
Alonzo Moli.
I'm not a...
I'm not a...
I'm not a...
I'm not a...
I'm not a...
He's feeling blue.
I'm not a...
I'm not a...
He's a pet.
He got the fur.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
He's a pet.
Alonzo Moli.
I'm not a...
We can be alive now.
We can be the best customers already in progress.
Moli.
Moli.
Moli.
Moli.
Moli.
Moli.
Moli.
Moli.
I don't know.
I've been told.
I've been told.
But they're going.
You guys shouldn't be scared.
Unbelievable!
Absolutely be honest.
That's amazing.
We are now speaking to each other.
Give us your own book, the book announcement there.
Weespertime, right?
I provided a good opportunity,
giving you a full number of answers.
Be sure to leave us a call and file a tape label to  after the call but we can 5 questions like
after the call.
So go ahead.
We're bad. Are we bad? Are we insensitive? Yeah, we're not.
Can we have anyone vote so far? Should we go back to guest and topics? Absolutely not 181.
Once in a while 171. Yes, only 29. So we got a real hospital going on there just like the presidential election.
Anybody going to be watching that debate tonight? I'll be glued to it, man. I'll be glued to it. I'll be sitting up here close.
I'll be watching who's Lincoln and who's breaking. If there's one here on a place. Here's what might as well.
Hi, Neil. It's quite an honor. I'm glad they have you back. Have me back? Yes. You're on radio here. You're on 70. 70.
Yeah, but when you're back will we ever have? Oh, you mean the shower after that hour of a crappy put on, yeah? Exactly.
Boeing is, um, age. Boeing is talking about topics, right? Um, so how to, uh, question, why are you so enamored with, with, uh, Amsterdam?
Why am I so enamored with it? Yes. There's plenty of great cities in Europe. Yeah, well, I've been probably most of the ones you would mention.
Copenhagen Stockholm. Copenhagen, I wouldn't, I wouldn't agree. I would say London.
I wouldn't go to London if you pay me. I hate Paris. Keep going. Um, Berlin. I love Berlin. Yes. Berlin. How about Berlin?
Berlin. Yes.
Yeah, it's great. How about London? How about Milan? How about Prinsa? How about Berlin? Yeah, but the only one that you mentioned, the stamp today.
Why that happens to me. I feel it at the moment. But you sometimes change your mind. I have an apartment here. I live there part of the time. Have you been to St. Paulie?
No, I actually, I saw St. Paulie Grille. I would go deeper in Vegas. The St. Paulie Grille. Yeah. But I don't, don't you like Amsterdam? You got some kind of a city in Amsterdam? Yeah, I lived in Doosl Drfel long time.
Oh, but Doosl Drfel is right back home. Yeah. What does that have to do with Amsterdam? Well, I went there, I just, you know, to have a look to see the canals and see the canals. Yes. Yes.
You know, it's like, you know, that's what everybody goes there to see. So everybody goes to Amsterdam to see the canals. Yes. Of course. And not the end Frank House.
Really? Yes. Of course. I go to see the end Frank House as well. Right. And the, the out behind the supermarket. I'm not, I'm not familiar with that. No. But it's, it's also, I think you should, you know, give.
You should also also tell your listeners that it's a bit of a rough city, you know, let me do that. Well, there's a lot of crime and
answer. No, there's not. Of course. No, there is absolutely is not. There's a pickpockets. There's no violent crime in Amsterdam. What are you talking about? Well, you've been, you know, I'm, I've been there 75 times. There's no, there's no, it's not a dangerous place to be. I would have to continue for any
morning. I would never, because my shoulder was, there's no, there's no violent crime. There's picked pockets. I would prefer if I was going to a city in Europe. I would, if I could mention London, London's violent crime rate is skyrocketing. They have an
nervous breakdown over there. They're like, why are we in this country now with violent crime in London? They're not even close. But they're well, catching up fast. But Amsterdam, for example, is they have a problem with
prostitution because it's not they don't have any problem with prostitution. What are you talking about? There's no problem with prostitution. It's clean. It's inside. There are no streetwalkers.
What do you do? You've been to the city of France. The ones? The city of France. I mean, like the red light district where I found book and I was in my hand, of course. Of course, in that district, everything's regulated. But have you been to the other parts of the city? I've been all over the city. I live in the city. I've been all over it. So you like it. I love it. I don't like it. I love it. I mean, if you
know, like it, that's fine. Just stay in London or in four miles or four cities. Well, we're glad to have you back. Okay, thanks. See, this guy's upset because I like
answering. I don't really like my sense. How come you like lemon chiffon pie? I like banana cream pie. Right? How come you like this? How can you like, I don't understand that. I don't get it. For life of me, I don't get it. I like rice pudding. Therefore, you must like it too. I don't really like rice pudding. I've just
seen that as an example. How about a big chalupa from Taco Bell? I had my first chalupa from Taco Bell in Vegas about
places got me a rent car. And there I was at Taco Bell and had my first chalupa. Born of this good. 23 to 25 60 WQ and I
apologize for saying all those good things about answering because they got more than enough tourists and more than
people. Now we don't need too many people coming there to see the guy named canals. Because I know that's why go there. I just stand there and watch the
Prinsen Rock and the Kaiser Rock and the other canals. That's why go there. Please, if I watch him enough, I'll be able to speak
out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out. I'm not going to be able to speak out
to
to follow diet of homeless men.
The inspection was deemed applicable by the body
and body conditioners.
Which was that down in T's?
Your view is open to weeks.
And if you're not completely satisfied,
as well as your family family's success team.
To the new day,
thanks that homeless man has treated
and sustained today.
And they will follow the day's on-stabbed
stream care system absolutely free.
For now,
for 1,800,
now and now,
for the next 10 minutes,
I'm going to see $2.00,
as Junior has smart positive rules,
as shampoo.
142.0560 WQM.
The globe says,
the intended bush was too drunk to fly.
Which I went that whole thing yesterday,
but certainly worth repeating again today.
Especially as everybody's getting looked up to a friendy
for that big bit of bait tonight.
Oh, man.
You can feel it.
You can almost smell it.
No excuses not to be watching the big bit of bait tonight.
This is it.
This is the last one,
the third,
and it might actually both be awake,
but I doubt it.
Here's a mobile and mining, huh?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just wanted to,
how are you doing today?
Pretty good.
All right.
I just put,
did you catch that collar that called
behind yesterday,
and was complaining about how you were
insensitive,
going,
No, I didn't know how to do that.
I would have looked.
I would have looked for a bad.
Oh, Neil, this was the best, man.
The guy was all over you,
because you were cutting in on a lot of those news conference,
and you were making them, you know,
let's get to the point where we got to,
I think it's a good thing you just hung up on.
I think I'll be Neil.
Yeah.
That's always great.
I understand,
Hank's playing at press conference four or five times
again a day to kill him.
Oh, time to wild down.
He comes on.
He's looking at Neil.
Yeah.
Let me, why are you playing?
I got my bags packed,
my passport ready on the memory.
Okay.
See you at the airport.
See you at the 10 a.m.,
and we're not taking the regular wear put.
Probably got better concessions available.
10 a.m. and you're a putt.
I mean, what kind of an airport is that?
I'll say it again,
and get any response on that,
because they don't know.
This guy from ProMiers,
they call me about,
why he was probably spent too much time in
Ducial Dwarf.
That was probably the,
yeah, and he liked the French.
I'd eat you.
That's what I say to,
you can hand the French.
Have a great time there.
Go eat those fries when you want them.
Forget it.
Everyone wants your French fry?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 0, 5, 60,
0, 0, 5, 60 on the 18T
and Verizon wireless line.
Here's what Myers, hello.
Hey, we don't want that guy.
He's got a lot of info on that.
He needs to get the hell out of here.
That guy was like,
awful.
Maybe that, which one?
The one I called out to,
he wasn't the only one who was the young guy.
No, no, the guy that just called me,
like, a few minutes ago.
The one from ProMiers
that was giving me crap about Amsterdam?
Yeah, he thought it was over me.
You know, the one I would say.
Oh, I guess.
Well, anyway,
I'm just guessing it,
I'm like that.
The only guess that you have there that are entertaining is when you have,
like, Jeff Kong come in and go,
you know,
good-bye seeing you.
I would go feed and, you know,
when he had Von Jeren,
that's back that are entertaining.
You know, good-bye seeing you.
Well, I'm sure he just pops in spontaneously off the street.
We can have some fun.
Yeah, we don't want any of these old people in here,
like, like that, you know.
See, see, what these people are wanting to go back to the guest that I understand is
that anybody,
at the age of 70,
doesn't want to hear that kind of radio.
That radio is dead,
because you know,
always debates the area,
and bring them out years ago about capital punishment,
and about abortion,
and politics.
Hey, it's already been burned out.
What does it have left to say about it?
Yeah, I want to see people
like that,
a left-loving king in the lower mind.
Exactly.
You know, and,
but he has the only other old people like me.
But if you are going to have guests,
the only entertainment like true guests
that don't like him,
don't pop in or anything like that,
would be like the Brooks Center
and the Fragment Church.
Okay, okay.
We'll comment.
Okay. See.
How's the Brooks Center doing?
He got it.
Yeah.
Maybe, you know, something that would be a good,
you can start working on this.
We can get him,
the Brooks Center and the...
You're gay.
He got it.
Together.
That would be good.
Having just sitting here and screaming each other.
I'm sure one of them is a screamer.
5.6705.60,
560 on the 18th,
10th, 10th,
Verizon Wireless One.
We're doing it today.
Hey, there's tight, man.
You couldn't put a witches pubic here in there.
It's so tight.
And of course,
if you want to find a witches pubic here,
we probably have people back
and big up some of those bodies,
those corpses from the Salem.
Because that's where the original witches were,
and so I was the odometer guy on TV.
She is.
She was disgusting.
You know, she is everything that anybody could
despise about life.
Is this right there in a fat,
oozing, ducky, disgusting body of hers?
She just makes me sick.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Hey Rosie.
You're gay.
Yeah.
Anyway, should the show go back to guests and topics?
Absolutely not.
190.
47.6%.
Once in a while,
179.44%.
Hey, I should park this out.
Alonzo ain't pissed off at me.
He pissed off a little Barry Jackass,
which he even pointed that out in his press conference yesterday.
And Barry wrote this morning,
say it isn't zo.
Or some crap like that.
Didn't he write that?
No.
Or I just needed it.
In fact, you know something,
it would have been clever, Barry.
But of course, that's way beyond you.
Any guy that's got to have,
so I had some problems wiping with my bad hand and my accident.
But I didn't have to have mommy come over
and wipe my ass like Barry does.
However you see,
it's like along 30 years now,
Barry Jackass, something like that.
He's got to have not only mommy driving the working back every day,
but he's got to have mommy wipe his ass.
I want to various stories,
diapers, what do you think?
Probably.
And he put his article on the front page in the hill.
It's like the hill is announcing to you,
this is the best we got.
This is the best we can do.
Here's the guy who totally blew this story.
And this is the best we can do.
We'll put it back on the front page again.
And the room where I'm here in his tomorrow,
he's going to be writing the other story about Waffen
and how good they're doing in the ratings.
Right on the front page,
about the sports station,
that nobody heard yet,
and nobody can pick up on their radio.
It's 11 before 2 or 5, 60,
over to Q-Way.
The Neil Roger Show,
sports radio,
5, 60s,
Q-A,
and physical cycle in the Kirk.
And my girlfriend got a bowl
right there,
cut a boy,
he looked like a mermaid.
And my girlfriend got a bowl
right there,
cut a boy,
he didn't know that he was gay.
And this is a good thing,
I'm not a homie,
a bowl,
a dress-striving type,
won't leave us alone.
And all day long,
the bowl is frozen,
with all the letters being
looking for the mouth fair.
And all the letters,
my girlfriend got a bowl right there,
cut a boy,
to get forth cube.
5,
cut a bowl,
nine,
cut two,
all right!
Is 11 before 2 or 5, 50,
W-Q-A-N.
So, look at a carton of water
that sells our 2050 Soley Water,
and it says on there,
Aquaman Diwali,
Natural Gasprata.
And I'm thinking to myself,
I wanted that to relate to,
He's a bell that got shot.
So they used to work on the TV here.
Remember her?
He's a bell that got shot.
He's a bell that got shot.
Look at that one.
Oh, God.
Way off the crap, okay?
He's a bell.
And grew to hell.
Yeah, I'll come in a while and not to roll a got shot.
Come on, guys.
Well, that's right, that guy's going to be upset.
Now I'm going to start doing the Dutch.
Do we?
Yeah, what was he talking about about?
I'm going to answer him and see the canals.
And it's just me, which he was in all those tough neighborhoods, allegedly.
See, if you're going to really go there to look at the canals,
don't tell me about all the bad neighborhoods that I haven't been in, how rough it is.
Because what the hell were you doing them in over there, huh?
Mr. Dsseldorf.
Here's a mobile and call spring.
Hello?
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's Chris.
That's one of the talk about the actual issue of this debate tonight.
Yes.
Now I'm not a Republican or a Democrat.
I'm a radical for individuality.
And I think you're one of the most tremendous individuals in South Florida.
Absolutely.
That's what I always tell them.
And I'd like to hear one of the gentlemen are both responding to the question,
what are my rights as an individual?
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
I think you'd better get over to St. Louis and the President's here before that debate tonight,
because you know the power of...
How are they doing this one tonight?
Is this one that are given questions from the audience?
I think it's supposed to be a town hall, I don't know what it means.
Who knows what that will really turn out to be?
Probably all stuff with fascists.
But what are you right to an individual, Neil?
What are my rights?
I think given a fact that six billion people are on Earth,
all individuals, one of the rights given a fact that we can't really infringe upon the others.
Yeah.
What do you think?
I think hanging up on a call is the right I have as we're hosting the show.
I mean, here we're saying, I got four minutes left,
I'm going to go to a dialogue about what are my rights as a human being.
You know that's your right hand.
I use my right hand to hang up on the front,
and my right hand is working pretty good.
Thanks a lot, Louise.
G's very, she's good, my therapist.
They'll be lady.
I think I'm going to hook you up on the leaves or work on your thumb.
Or whatever part is later.
Yeah, she might work on it.
She might straighten out, and the thumb too.
What she looks like.
Five, she looks like Louise.
What do you mean what does she look like?
She's a nice lady.
She's not a young, some hot number,
like you reckon about 15 or 16 years old.
Well, she's not that.
She's older enough to be your mama, okay?
I mean, not well.
Close.
Here's popular beach, hello.
Yeah, I'm calling Neil.
Yes sir.
If I lost any, you're just my right hand,
I'd feel like I lost my best friend.
Really?
Yeah.
And I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
That's not going to be an infectious man.
I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
Could you ask Hank what the underover is in Vegas
for how many times Bush is going to...
Good point, actually, we'll get right on it.
Maybe I can make my money back from my wife
to last this weekend.
There's one.
Seriously, I mean this from the bottom of my part.
When you look on your TV screen and you see that face
at the image with the unkempt gray,
silvery, silvery here, like feet in all different directions,
like Don King on a bad day.
And you see that look of absolute vacuumismist stupidity,
like there, like that.
What is it that you could possibly see there?
Other than, of course, for that promised tax cut,
which you probably have to get anyway,
unless you're loaded with cash, other than that,
what could you possibly see there that you wouldn't like?
That you would cast your precious vote for this man,
for this underhead, for this indosoo.
Where's that book?
Now, third.
Now, I want to find something that is great quotes again.
Just to read you with today.
My education message will resonate amongst all parents.
As quoted in the New York Post January 19th of this year,
my education message will resonate amongst all parents.
Boston Web quotes them on January 23rd this year saying,
a key to foreign policy is to rely on reliance.
Associated press for boy 15, pushed the off button on.
He said the parents bothered by the amount of profanity
and violence on television pushed the off button on.
