Sports Radio 560, WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers Show to talk to
Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcasts.
I like the Wii Wooks.
I like the Wii Wooks.
First, as a 2.540.
Now, as a 2.540 that wears more makeup than Tammy Febanker and Mary K. Combined.
Rick Sanchez Singh.
Here are the dolcent tones of the men who brought you crunching.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez.
Rick Sanchez Singh.
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his Pacey Face Store over Hylia.
It's one show you all want to miss a for a good one.
Rick Sanchez.
He loves his audience.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
I mean, what can you say about Rick Sanchez, huh?
He's an asshole.
Absolutely.
Well, let me forget to get back to him.
10.020560 WQAM.
What's like the candles and say cottage for the pan through this morning.
The last call they were on the worst team.
You know, it's amazing.
They must get a lot worse calls than I do.
Because I only hear like the last call to every morning when I'm sitting here on my
captive audience.
And the calls that I hear like 99% of them are swill.
They're pure Smith.
The last call, the guy who's trying to say that that was a good loss that we played on
even terms with the best team in the league all the way through when we held our own and
actually I played them hard again.
And so that makes it a good loss.
What kind of a moron?
What kind of a rationalizer?
What kind of a jacket?
He's an asshole.
That's something like that.
That was a devastating loss.
Devastating.
Unacceptable, unbelievable.
Deflating.
It was like that little blimp that flies around.
He went like somebody stuck a pin in it.
All the air went out with 1.7 seconds left because Robert Sparler's an idiot.
He's an asshole.
Right.
I mean, dummy.
It wasn't bad enough last Saturday night that he gets that dumb penalty against the Bruins
by high sticking Joe Thornton right after the whistle went off.
Here my burdens already got to puck up.
I read the player stopped.
He sticks Joe Thornton in the face.
Get to dumb penalty with 2.5 minutes left and nearly cost us the game.
And then last night, even little kids, your little kids that play hockey, they know that
if they were in the same situation.
Of course, they don't play in the NHL where you get a point for regulation time.
But even they know because they watch it that there's 4 seconds left at the clock.
You stand behind the net.
You did a lapukaron.
You look up at the clock and the 4 seconds run out.
You take the point for regulation time.
You go on overtime, you have a chance to win.
Worst that happens, you got that point.
Even little children know that.
Does Robert Sparler know that?
No.
He's a dummy.
He's a dumb player.
And especially on a night when Pobbel Burry had an off night, which I hate to break
the New Thea Virginia.
Even the greatest players in the world have off nights.
And we still had a chance right there at the end for a tie.
Regulation tie in the point.
Then it makes it something positive.
And this guy that's calling you, well, that's a good loss.
Sir, you're a jackass.
You're another one of the no-nothings in this town.
And it's amazing to me.
No, it's not.
Interesting would be a better word.
Not amazing because it's happened a hundred times, a thousand times since I've been here.
But yesterday, my show appears in two columns in both newspapers today.
And also Saturday night after the assimilating Burry overtime goal would beat the Bruins 4-3.
One of the best games of the year.
And I was screamed about it Monday.
Was it on the front page of the sports section?
Either newspaper or buried page 12, page 13.
Had our look to find it.
We lose the game last night.
And here it is on the front page of both sports sections.
Here's the aherald costly mistake for Katz Vela.
Here's the Sunset and all Panthers and Vela slip up on the front page of the sports section
with big headlines.
You've got to accentuate the negative.
Because this is a soft floor to F and way, baby.
You've got to accentuate the negative.
But anyway, Greg Cotex and Dave Joseph both discovered here on the way more than halfway through the season.
Said nobody's showing up.
How about that? What a concept.
They suddenly discovered this last night at the Macarena that people aren't showing up.
That we had 15,689 for the top two teams in the conference and two of the best teams in the league.
For a very important game and turned out to be an entertaining game, not the greatest game, but it was entertaining.
Because it's a horse in the town.
It's a horse in Buggy Town and never going to change.
And Dave Joseph come.
I mean, he must have the tape recorder going on his show because it's like verbatim word for word in parts of it from what I said yesterday.
And then Greg Cotex says, if we had alien night at the Macarena, maybe we get some people in there.
What do you say?
Yeah, we could let alien drop the puck for the opening ceremony.
And then maybe they could let him play with little kids out there.
You know, they have in between periods going.
At least we get much of those two full of studios in there.
Charge him double is what I say.
Rick Sanchez, you're in disgrace.
I would say to the broadcasted broadcast journalism, but of course being a channel seven is he a journalist.
Oh, no, they don't know nothing about broadcast journalism.
They're just a bunch of sensationalistic assholes.
Sure enough, I get home yesterday and right there is promised three o'clock.
Every channel four six seven and 10th.
They're at it again.
But I mean, but I will.
But I'm a.
They're at it again.
And of all of the people on their Rick Sanchez, far and away.
I mean, I'll say one thing, man.
You stand heads and shoulders below everybody else.
You heard the expression heads and shoulders above the rest.
He's heads and shoulders beneath the rest.
You're disgrace.
I thought he was going to start hyperventilating what on the year and start squatting over to goddamn news anchor desk.
When they when they showed the scene out there at Opalaka Airport and here was the Lerjet.
And they just received breathless work from Craig Stevens who was splitting around in the air, which believe me comes natural for him.
He was splitting around over there.
Craig Stevens all and we just received more.
They revive outside.
They file a revised flight plan and they're going to be leaving in nine minutes.
This was like at about 20 until let's see 20 till four or was it 20 to five.
I can't keep track.
They're going to be leaving in nine minutes.
And this is after we had already seen I mean the old J Bronco thing peels into in significance compared to what I went on yesterday.
We got the cameras at Aliens American family at the Schlepper's house and what's going on here and how come Armando Guderia is the family spokesman.
Let me ask you folks.
Did your family have a spokesman about you Joe?
Did your family have a spokesman?
No.
No, I don't know.
Other than the mafia.
I don't know any of who they got their consular I guess would be the spokesman.
But I don't know any families who have a spokesman.
I mean the panthers have a spokesman.
I know who he is.
But but other than that.
What's this with a spokesman?
But anyway, so Armando Guderia was there and he backs the one car up and we're breathless and we're showing you know.
Oh there's people inside the house.
We don't see the little boy yet.
And they're speculating.
Oh it's on.
It's off.
We're going to have the same thing as Monday.
And by the way, what an amazing revelation on page 13A buried in the herald again.
US officials say demand was way out of stale made.
US officials were so frustrated because they knew 24 hours before Monday night that there wasn't going to be any dinner at that house.
Even though these people led a little alien on they took them to get his little brownie camera and the grandma's at the abuelas are coming for them.
Did they show up?
No.
But they knew a day ahead they weren't coming because they couldn't agree on a neutral site.
Just another example of these people.
These are hysterical people.
These are irresponsible people.
These are liars.
It's also against them and I love that one comment.
After the two are busy yesterday between the abuelas and alien aliens.
My name is who are fighting the boys father and family in Cuba for custody claimed that their side was winning the battle for the little boys affections.
In other words, their brainwashing is working better because basically they got them in the grass but most 99% of the time and terrified to let them loose for five minutes or two hours.
And so Rick Sanchez starts hyperventilating.
Oh my goodness.
They're going to be leaving in nine minutes and you just know that the grandmothers are going to get back on it leader jet and they're going to be taking off and going back to Washington.
And it's going to be another day just like Monday.
And the meantime we've already seen the motorcade and here's that green car whatever the hell it was that green Lexus and it's going up the Hershey highway and over the Julia tunnel and down to grandma's house and over to a gene Laughlin's house and all this other crap on pine tree drive.
Oh good god.
I don't know about you.
I'm I'm warning out for me.
I just know seriously I give I give I'm going to put my hands up there.
I give up I give I surrender.
I'm more and out from it.
I can't deal with it anymore.
I think the whole community is just is just ready to plot from this already.
You know what I'm saying?
Please we give up just make up your mind and have a great life.
We'll pack you will send you a sandwich.
Although I think it's very clear beyond the shadow of a doubt that the local so-called exiles and by the way channel seven there weren't hundreds of people out there.
Even a herald has to admit there was only 50 people in front of that house.
Oh there are hundreds of protesters 50 let me say it again.
These people have turned off everybody 98% of rational people even people who otherwise would say hey let the kids stay here.
We don't want them going back to a communist country.
Even people would say that are saying oh send them back we just we just we can't deal with these people.
These people are just out of line they're outrageous.
They're scumbags.
They're lunatics.
10 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM only one South Florida radio station has a
pursuit car
Oh, wow.
Oh!
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Why the hell don't you go home?
Yes, yes.
Thanks to all of that, we'll wind it.
From all the crazy who they owe.
Oh!
Go back to you when you're hot-bumped.
It's great, but...
Where you can play in the mud.
And I love this game.
This is how you play.
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Why don't you go home?
Why don't you go home?
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Go home and leave us all alone.
Hey, the only thing I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for free toys better.
You've got your Pokemon t-shirt.
And there's a kid out here.
You've had your fun.
That's our second.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can stand it.
Everybody's had enough.
Above all the Julio's crackers.
Who put the dust in far as dust?
Hey, hey, hey, the young Gonzalez.
Why don't you go home?
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Go home and leave us all alone.
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
They're giving away free, as you know green cards.
Can I have one?
While grabbing away from the meeting,
Ilyon flashed a V sign out to me.
There was an interview broadcast of a Spanish language radio station,
a radio mom V, W-A-Q-I, said,
tomorrow they're going to make me an American citizen.
The proposal is not expected to come up for debate until next week at the earliest, however it says.
Also, it says in the same paper that said 50 people were there, that 400 people were there.
Did I see 400 people there?
No.
I saw it on 4, 6, 7, and 10 again and again and again.
Did I see 400 people there?
No.
That's what it says on the other page.
One page says 50, the other page says 400.
And interestingly, the same people are screaming,
Libertad, Libertad, when a couple of people showed up with a different opinion,
they tried to beat the crap out of them and the cops took one guy away.
It said, not a good idea.
Take your sign and go home.
And they said, OK.
Libertad, if you agree with us, and this is the saddest, most tragic thing I've ever seen,
because I'll be honest with you.
I'm watching this thing, and I've told you this right from the beginning.
I could make the most compelling, overwhelming, undividable case for this kid staying here,
father or no father, grandparents or no grandparents.
I've not been sent back to a goddamn communist regime.
And living under a dictatorship, especially since it was almost a miracle that he was found floating there in the ocean,
even though of course his mother was very irresponsible, putting a six-year-old kid in a wicked boat like that, but nevertheless, he made it.
And by the way, here's the grandstanding that, what the hell is the guy's name?
Dal Ripple?
Did he used to catch for the Phillies or something?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The douchebag Dal Ripple.
He's up there in Washington with the other, with the crying relatives up there.
And the grandstanding, the good Christian.
And we had the other guy from the vote, the real fisherman that had the balls to dive into water yesterday called the show about a quarter to two.
Nobody is called him to thank him.
Nobody gives him any publicity.
And they keep playing it up this guy because he's on a, he's on a publicity, seeking thing.
Now unbelievable.
You people in the local media here, you're the laughing stock of the universe.
Don't give me any song of dance.
You were joke.
You were a joke.
And here's another example today.
These two columns right here, even though it's just a sports thing, stolen right out of this show.
And my good friend, Norma Cant, who's in there, every guy in the publication got his Fag newspaper on his all over the place.
Even he's quoted in here in some stupid article in this Fag column, they got in the herald all the time about Dr. Laura, that bitch by Steve a bathhouse or Roth House or whatever is named bathhouse.
Is that what it is?
Uh-huh.
He says you have to understand that if a fraud went on the year and was on for 30 minutes, someone would call up and say of all the frauds that have been on the year you have the best rivets.
Where have we heard that before, huh?
About putting a monkey on the year and if he would be on the first column, we'll tell you the best monkey.
How many years have I been saying that on this show?
Everybody and their brother is using meals material and of course I'm not looking for any credit for it because I've been here too long.
I know you won't get any.
But what I bush league frickin' town this is and I'm the one that told you that 24 years ago and by the way Hank nice job of kissing for well on the radio's ass yesterday up there in Atlanta disgusting.
Yeah for well on the radio and it's so wonderful watching the great playmaking of Olen Kavasha.
I was drove off the road the great playmaking of Olen Kavasha.
A stiff when when did that happen? I must have missed that game when that happened.
Oh yeah, but you just don't have to stand.
For well on the radio and Hank actually sucked his ass.
Hank, I get what kind of shit you think?
Oh god.
I mean I've never done Hank for years but I never realized his tongue had that kind of a reach.
Just like in the Budweiser frog spots you know that long reach out and grab that fly.
Of course I know a little bit about tongues and flies but anyway.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, I'm going to do a good morning. I want to.
Okay.
Where are you going to Amsterdam soon?
That's good.
This is an I have a question about this old alien thing.
Who's paying for all this a lear jet flying around to the old town?
I have to go to a question probably the National Council of Churches those communist that come and
is the guy that Rick Sanchez was talking about yesterday.
Probably are freaking that text money going on.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Of course we know that the text money is going for all the police but pretty so that every police car Miami Beach was out there yesterday and probably drive.
Yeah, across the corner on the Washington.
Just like the church there money went for overtime down the city of Miami a couple of weeks ago when they were
arriving and doing their thing down there.
I have a great idea for the people.
Why don't we dig a good canal in the 836?
Okay, great. Put you in it.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on the 18 T. Rival's line.
Here's Dural. Rhymes with canal. Hello.
Hey Neil, good morning.
Yes sir. As canal Cieti.
Listen, I think everyone also forgot.
If you remember well, you're.
Yeah, the years of the two guys.
Yeah, years ago this Colombian kid who got inside.
What happened for God now we talked about that yesterday and we talked about it last week.
We didn't forget that.
Okay. Yeah. They sent him right back there and he approached it after that and his last attempt.
Right. Right.
Now the wheel well of a gem.
Now about this week Sanchez yesterday.
I said I'm going to call Neil and talk to him about the city.
Just happen to be that you caught the thing.
I didn't miss it.
And we're disgusting.
He already had him back on a plane.
I'll tell you he was so schmitt faced when they showed them.
In fact, he wasn't even willing to admit when they showed him coming out of the building.
And they were heading for the helicopter.
He was saying, oh well, they're either heading toward the helicopter or toward the tail of the Lear Jet.
Now let me ask you something.
How do you get out of, were they going to mount the plane?
How do you get into the tail of a Lear Jet?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Not only that, you didn't finish the story.
Do you remember that Rhymes had said we're trying to get the driver of the Lexus on the phone.
I'm trying to call his phone to tell.
Yeah, he said I'm trying to call.
He thought AC was in a back seat.
He said that he's trying to get the driver on the cell phone.
And he didn't ask for his phone.
Thank God.
Well, see, I didn't see it the other night.
But he actually was on the phone with the relatives as they were speeding toward the Tamiya port.
I'm wondering.
That's right.
Coach and him, yeah, I remember that.
He's not a reporter.
He's not covering this.
He's a participant in this.
Right.
Well, he was trying to call the driver to tell them that the jet was leaving at 4.45 and that the grandmother was going to leave.
The whole thing was in there.
Can you imagine what a great stab would have been?
Can you imagine what a great stab would have been?
Are you serious?
I missed that.
Are you serious?
Yeah, right.
He was going to call them and tell them to turn them on and go back because the grandmas were going back to Washington.
Yeah, right after he popped out.
He's an asshole.
Right after he found out that the plane was leaving at 4.45.
This man should not be on the air while this stuff is going on.
He is out of control.
He's irresponsible.
And again, he's interfering.
I think he ought to go out and drive around in front of the stadium and hit a couple of people and just get him out of our way for himself.
Not only that.
Give him a couple of drinks.
At night when it was all over.
Okay.
He was, you know, the interview, the reporter in front of the home was talking.
Remember, there was a big problem with his cell phone.
Right.
One of the grandmother's cell phone.
Yeah, then the nuns.
The nuns.
Thank God for those nuns, listing in a hallway, by the way.
And they must have good ears because, you know, when you punch up a cell phone, it's very quiet.
How do you, how do you, how do you hear somebody dialing up a cell phone?
And they went in there and thank God confiscated that cell phone.
And the kid couldn't have to was dead in the private, without the coaching and the, of the nervous relatives.
Well, after that happened, Rick Sanchez, of course, has to give his question afterward.
He has to report her if he knows if they actually searched the room for bugs.
Right.
For microphone.
I think we have a search him for bugs.
Right.
Like Lice.
Okay, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
I'm excited about that.
So Rick Sanchez, again, just like Elliot Rodriguez lecturing the Coast Guard that day a few months ago.
Now we got Rick Sanchez trying to get on the cell phone to give these people the bad news that the grandma's weren't coming, even though they were coming.
How can you go on the year every day, Mr. Sanchez?
I mean, I realize you were a clown.
You're not a news guy.
You were a clown.
Your whole channel is a bunch of clowns.
I understand that.
But to some people, this is serious business.
To you, it's just more monkey business.
So here he is speculating about all these things that are going to happen.
Some people would call it speculating.
I call it speculating in his case.
And trying to stick his nose and interfere in what's going on.
I just don't get it.
I don't get it.
We had to see air reviews second.
I mean, don't most of us who lived here for a while know how you get from down around the second avenue over to Miami Beach.
Don't we know?
Don't we know where pine tree drive is?
Don't we know where Mount Sinai is?
Uh-huh.
Oh, and we had to see the helicopter taking it.
And you know, it was I was getting seasick watching it because the camera angles.
Did you see any of it?
To me, it looked like the helicopter was like going into goddamn water.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I thought, what are they doing now?
It's sabotage.
Because of the camera angle.
You know, it looks like they're so goddamn low.
You know, I'm talking about.
And then they would change the angle a little bit.
You think, oh, Jesus, thank God for that.
At one point, I thought they were going to fly into one of those buildings downtown before they got across the intercostal.
And it was unbelievable.
You people on four, six, seven, and ten.
Let me say it again.
Your assholes, your crazy people.
What you're doing to this town.
And of course, guiding light.
Did we see yesterday?
Oh, no.
That's more important.
Believe me.
And they didn't need all of this for play.
Talk about exploiting.
And what their response would be.
Oh, yeah, but the media from all over the world were there.
I don't give a crap.
Okay.
I don't care if the media from the whole universe from Uranus were there.
Not everybody in this community wants to be dead each with this crap morning, noon, and night, night, nonstop.
24 hours a day of our freaking lives.
Okay.
We're drowning in a sea of crap in a sea of aliens.
Yeah, maybe we could rename the intercostal as the alien coastal.
The alien sea.
And maybe we could just take rich Sanchez over to the alien sea and watch him drowning it.
Maybe we could get what's your name, Susan Smith on parole for the weekend.
Give her a little ride.
Yeah.
In some shallow water, no more than 20, 30 feet deep.
Rick Sanchez, all I can say is he's an ass here at jerk.
You're a real first class absolute disgraceful jerk.
You make me sick.
20, I get my phone across you think?
Uh-huh.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
Wake up with the first key.
No, no.
Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein.
No.
We've been running to six.
Only on sports radio, five six.
No.
Q-A-L.
Get the Hoover out the lawn, man.
Oh, right.
And I love it here.
Another football player is Blue Bear.
He plays for the creepier ground.
You got a bag of new fire.
He lost his mind.
It's for the liberty of the ground.
Oh, oh.
You think you have a good age.
And if you can't get further from you,
you're saying all is well or you'll come to hell.
It's all up, attack me up, woo-hoo.
I keep the bag of fire, I'll grab the ground.
Don't you think for the off the ground?
You didn't end up out your job.
You've turned into the liberty of the jail cell locked.
Check it out, baby.
Every small strange hour.
There's a bad encryption all they did right now.
Now, if you can catch the ball or rub with the ball
with a razor murder, be alright.
As long as they can, feel the bleachers.
It's set out some days again.
Who cares who gets rid of his bad bacon money
and the land is like you do the way?
He's the bad guy that's going to die.
Or that blown ground.
Who would tell his best for beyond the ground?
Be in an end up out your job.
Be in an end up out your job.
Be in an end up out your job.
Be in an end up out your job.
1032 at 560 WQ.
I mean, the saddest part of this whole thing is that
like I've been telling you, Rechen,
beginning little boy means nothing.
He means nothing.
He's just a pawn.
A pawn in this obnoxious game.
And what were the people from the Cuban American
National Foundation doing, by the way?
Why were they invited to the house next door
to Gene Laughlin's house?
What could they possibly have been doing there?
Watch them with binoculars, maybe something like that?
I mean, they already had the nuns in their spine
worrying about whether there was a cell phone inside.
So, actually, they could make a phone call to daddy back in Cuba.
And a kid could talk without a bunch of propaganda
standing over his shoulder.
And they did a wonderful job.
Nice going there, nuns.
Nice going to, cyst, prophetic.
And how, by the way, did the, how did the other side
know that those people were in that house next door?
I mean, this reminds me of the thing in Mad Magazine,
Don Martin, you know, Spy versus Spy.
But there can be no question no matter what happens
from here on in.
There is no question.
The character is already one.
He already won.
As always, as always, because the group of
toothless assholes down there in Miami,
they always alienate everybody, pissed everybody off.
I mean, this story from the immigration department about this dinner
that was never going to happen on Monday in the 24 hours advance.
And again, because the kid means nothing,
they exploited him and used him so they could set up this dog
and pony show and say, oh, you see the other side there,
here we're waiting with this nice dinner.
And why wouldn't anybody want to?
And by the way, even the, the apparel admits that some of the people
who were there when they're talking only about the 50 that
are showing on the front page weren't friendly when the grandmother's arrived.
So why should anybody be concerned?
Some old bobbitsky.
Why should be she concerned when she turns on the TV?
The first thing she puts a lot of foot on his sore.
And sees all these crazy people running around with his side.
But it'd be, but it would, but, but about.
Maybe she wasn't expecting only flowers, maybe like a,
like I said, nicks, a Cuban bullet or something like that.
Is it so much to ask for these people to disperse to get the hell out of the way?
And it's goddamn Ramon Sahu Sanchez.
Oh, it's goddamn boats.
Here's the, here's the, what was the first one though?
The Humano's the Rachel's the human rights boat.
And the brothers to the rescue shooting herself in the feet to boat.
Come up the intercoastle.
Did they get there?
No, no, because the cops in the waterway said they get there a lot of here.
Turn around and go back.
This is as far as you're going.
Nice job by it away by the police.
Oh, the beach.
It's about time.
Nice job.
How's Andrew can end in doom, by the way?
I'm sorry.
You're alienating.
Oh, that was a bad word.
How do you spell that?
Alienating.
Everybody in the goddamn universe.
By your behavior.
It's obnoxious.
And the more I think about it, I think he would be better off back in Cuba with that family.
Because those people are certainly more responsible in addition to which he'll be, uh, he'll be like a king over there.
He'll be the king of the universe as they say in China, Mel Haulong, whatever that means.
He'll be the king of the goddamn universe over there.
Living the life of Riley.
Here he's going to live with East Gumbags.
With those two crying with it with it with it with it.
Oh, that Maris Lacis, man.
She just sends me and the other one, the, uh, the L-Sid one.
That's up there in Washington.
Crying, squirting all over.
They get along good with our PD.
I'll take it out.
Yeah, they'll get together going to Crying Jack together.
Three of them.
God.
Just make me want to barf those people.
And their lawyer, Spencer Iagan, uh, Roger Bernstein, all the jewel attorneys they could find.
And these people just keep lying and lying and lying.
You see, if you ever had any doubts about American propaganda.
Propaganda from this side.
Now you're getting real good lesson in it.
We're always talking about Soviet propaganda and the Fidel Castro propaganda and Chinese propaganda.
Come, Lisa.
I mean, we were better than anybody in the world of propaganda at brainwashing.
We'd be knowing how to do it.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Buenos dias.
Well, Leo.
I'm here to tell you that I'm a first generation in two-bit American.
See?
And I don't even want to get into the whole alien thing what I'm looking at.
I'm looking at four nuns living in a four million dollar house on Miami Beach.
Yeah.
When kids in Central America and Venezuela,
they do the much-sized stuff that money could be used for better purposes than one of the guys.
They got four old fart nuns living in a four million dollar house.
But just remember one thing.
It's got a lot of turlits in that house when you're as full as Schmidt as they are.
It's a good thing they got enough turlits to go around.
But there's no fangs in the church.
Exactly.
There's no fangs in the church.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Yeah.
The sisters were sitting outside monitoring the meeting.
Let me ask you this.
Why couldn't it have been possible that they just had the meeting up there in his home without anybody monitoring?
I mean, I realized that's a revolutionary concept.
Do you think there might be a little paranoia involved here?
Oh, they might have had a cell phone.
And who could they have been calling?
Maybe they could have called Superman who would have flown to the window, put alien on his back.
And the Cape Crusader could have flown down here 90 miles and put him right in the middle of God damn event into a ticket tape parade.
What do you say?
Oh, I mean, we're talking about crazy people.
They had to have the nun sitting in the hallway monitoring what was going on inside.
I think how come they don't have anybody monitoring at the house over there on second street or whatever the hell is?
I have it.
Why don't they have anybody monitoring over there?
What's going on inside the incident brainwashing that's going on?
Oh, yeah, they're going to make me a US citizen.
I'm going to go back to Disney World.
I'm going to have two more puppies and a whole bunch more toys and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, tragic what they're doing to this kid.
And if he's all that important, which, of course, he's not.
He's just another wannabe.
He's just another person that floated up on shore.
But because of the fact that he's this symbol between the evil guys and the so called good guys, therefore he has to be in this God damn tug of war.
Somebody on a radio, I think it was me.
Oh, God.
Said it best right after this started a human wishbone.
That's right.
He's a human wishbone over there.
Fidel is pulling on one leg and we got these crazy toothless assholes pulling on the other leg and he split right down the middle.
And nobody could care less about him.
I mean, not a little bit.
So all this bull crap about all his future and his freedom and liberty.
Don't I think that every one of those signs ought to be pulled down.
So frickin' lie, libertad.
You don't know the meaning of it.
Soon as somebody's got a descending point of view, ready to blow their brains out, ready to linch him right there in the streets.
Libertad ends at the end of your lip.
You phone me to and by the way, speak in the lip.
You imagine the Zezis, some of those people got tongue in the hoof and mouth disease with a teeth like that.
Get you a dentist, get me to a nunnery or how that thing goes.
Oh, they did.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Jim Manditz talks.
Founding name of being an author for life and owe it all to you.
The foolish can fit you inside.
Thunder too.
You're a fama tiny little island.
That's maybe 20 feet wide.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No one else can buy your wife.
Outside the day's County line.
I miss you, but I can be when it's exceeding for me to be as bad as.
Promoting communities you can't.
For the media cabaret.
A special.
I wear it on my sleeve.
I got your savior for your meeting with causes.
And what I have ordered the annual.
Amen 1044 at 560 QA and you want the official decided to take a tough stand to force Wednesday's meeting between
early on Gonzalez and his grandmothers because mediation had broken down and they were outraged by reports that the boys,
Miami relatives and told him his grandmothers were coming to dinner on Monday night.
Even though they had been told 24 hours earlier that no such dinner would take place and you people at 467 and 10 by the way.
How come you assholes can't get that right all you do is sit there and speculate and speculate and speculate and you can't get the story right.
Just like the grandmas, the abuelas are getting back on a little jetter.
They're getting back.
Oh nice going wick you jackass you simple and you smelly oozing asshole.
How's that guy doing by the way?
Oh he's still dead.
The one that Rick Sanchez hit in front of P.P. Park.
Have another drink.
How cool is that said one official another called a sham family dinner.
The level of obscenity was they that they were putting forward was unacceptable.
Just unacceptable said a Clinton administration official defending a tough letter.
The I.N.S. sent to a lawyer for aliens.
Grand Uncle Lazarus Gonzalez on Tuesday that ordered the meeting with the grandmothers.
Justice Department lawyers were so concerned that the Miami relatives wouldn't deliver alien to the meeting Wednesday.
They were prepared to seek an emergency hearing in a Miami federal court Wednesday morning government sources said the attorneys would have asked the family be declared in contempt of lawful federal order.
How do you like that?
Yeah, these and these people they got some huts but man they're sitting there and they're making the conditions.
Oh well, the bitch with a red dress.
She's not allowed inside and they're hyper ventilating and forming at the mouth and hurting all red in a push.
Who the hell are they?
Who are they to be making things up as they go along?
They're making up the laws that what it's all about.
Oh I'm sorry.
I didn't realize that.
See I think the deal is you take all of these banana boat people and their lawyers all the ones that are out there this family all these people with the toothless people are further and their lawyers put them out of God.
They both let aliens stay here fix up that house.
We'll take care of them.
You know, give them some real parents in there like a foster family.
I know a foster family.
Roll.
Oh no, not him some other foster.
Maybe foster he with that sounds better.
Uh huh.
Dig him up.
And then send all these other people back there and let them have a good time with it and give them all a bunch of weapons.
Okay, they can either blow each other's brains out or fiddle in the case maybe get them out of our face.
And that smock the head lawyer put him making he can steer the ship.
Oh, he makes me I'm telling you I just I look at him and I just I feel so anti-semitic.
How can a Jew like me be so anti-semit I just see him and I go.
Oi, it makes me never want to touch another home in touch, but I'm sure I will.
When's poor him by the way?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
It's Rick from Costco.
All right.
Okay.
Anyway, you know, first things.
The guy that last call like you said they called Goldie.
How do you take from being three points or would it have been four points be hurrying to seven points behind and say that's a good thing.
You know, all that was the good law.
He said it was a good thing.
Yeah, well, he said it was a good loss.
Remember?
The collar not guilty didn't say that the collar said.
Right.
No, but Gell D affirmed it by saying, well, that's one of the positive things you can take away from this.
What's wrong?
There's nothing positive you could take away from that game.
You have to be positively nauseous.
How can you take anything positive?
It was deflating.
It was a puking boosting.
Yeah, I really.
And he takes care of answering the phone today.
I seriously doubt it.
You know, he's got to be dying.
But anyway, back to the only um thing.
My cousin.
I have a bad feeling about that game in Philadelphia, by the way.
I have a real subit anyway.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyway, um, my cousin was right on Pryntree.
He says, you know, I feel bad for the kid.
I don't even know him, but at this point I want to shoot him.
And then he's had it.
He's had it.
You know, I don't understand why these people haven't assimilated yet and let the courts do what they do.
You know, our family came in and our boats, you know, in 1916.
And they assimilated.
You know, we're acting with normal people.
Let the courts do this thing and set it.
I, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Get out of here, man.
I'm done.
Okay, you're done.
You were done a long time ago.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
When is this?
Listen to this.
I was coming home yesterday from work.
I got a bad home early for the first time in a week.
I turn on the news and all I see is aliens.
Uh-huh.
So I turn on financial news network to check up on the stock.
Right.
I think alien infiltrated the feds.
Alan Green span nomination committee was on TV.
Yeah.
And some senator from somewhere while we're talking about fiscal management and forecasting.
Right.
And where should Ali Andy?
He asked Alan Green span that I lost it.
Oh, no, you have to be yanking me.
I lost it.
He asked Alan Green span about it.
Yes.
Right in the middle of a confirmation.
Oh, if anyone else heard it, have a call in because I lost it.
He's easy everywhere.
He's like a disease.
I mean, you just can't, you can't get away from it.
So I threw my remote control.
I got out of the house and came back a couple hours later and it's still on.
Still going on.
Unbelievable.
Well, that's where we got to deal with living now.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
See ya.
I'm getting on my banana bowl right now.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60 on the 18t wireless lab.
I got two or three hundred open lines at the moment for you to peruse, for you to think about, for you to consider.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Hey, let me ask you something, man.
I don't, I, I simply don't understand this, you know, I mean, I come home, I'm watching TV.
Everybody's saying the same thing.
All they see is Alien.
I'm waiting when they're going to come out with the Alien Action Figure.
Oh, that's, uh, this weekend, I think it came out.
And it'll be, uh, in fact, they're going to have a big picture because then I think it was came out of Walmart where they brought them a brownie camera.
Right.
They made the pictures of him with the grandma and the one in number two.
And when is he going to come here and have the action figure with the American flag and the Cuban flag?
Uh-huh.
Put them in half with the underrues on half American, half Cuban.
In fact, I understand that he's wearing the underwear that's got like half Cuban flag on one side and American flag on the other side.
Yes, but down in the front in, uh, what's his name, uh, clean in the back.
Right.
One kiss is that.
Right.
Bubba in the rectum.
Okay, thanks, pal.
A little merchandising idea if you're a productive about them, you got a real imaginative mind.
Come up with your Alien Action figures.
Alien shooting down Fidel.
Alien kissing up to a grandma number one and grandma number two.
Even though he's got his fingers crossed behind his back because he's going to be an American citizen in about five minutes, pull for your citizen.
If it weren't for the media, we couldn't be blessed with this inundation with this drowning in a sea of squirrel.
Okay, if it weren't for all the media, not just locally, but nationwide, worldwide, obsessed with crap.
Just obsessed with this.
Oh, it's a great human interest story.
Well, guess what?
I ain't interested anymore.
Not interested.
I can't handle it.
I can't stomach it.
I can't stand it.
I just want to live my life.
Is that so bad?
Can't we just live our goddamn lives in peace?
No.
And if people lived there on pine tree dive, couldn't they live their lives in peace?
No.
They had a blood, they had a block off the streets.
You know, they made a good point.
The president's wife, Hillary was here.
That bitch yesterday.
Hillary was in town.
Anybody paying attention to her?
No.
I guarantee you they had a lot more security and a lot more.
I mean, it was unbelievable.
Did you see all the INS people that were driving up just van after van and car have turned?
Just truckloads of these guys.
And of course the paranoid Julio is there on the TV saying, oh, who are these guys?
Do we have any idea these guys are?
Oh, yeah, they're the ones that are going to spirit Ilion away.
They're going to put him in an abstract and sneak him out the back door.
Yeah, you do understand, by the way, that the family, the Miami family, such as they are,
they insisted that there be an inspection of this 13-room house,
so that there was no shenanigans, no track doors.
This is the truth.
To the, to check for trap doors that they might drop Ilion down through the trap door,
and all of a sudden he would disappear and they wouldn't see him again.
And these are the people who expect us to believe that whatever the government decides in this,
the courts and the government decide that they're going to go along with that.
Is there anybody who believes that?
No.
No way.
There's only one way and it's their way.
And believe me, whatever, whatever they say it is, it sure is not.
That's the American fucking way.
That way.
Here's a mobile and cross-prings.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
One thing that really bothered me about is you sir.
I thought what Rick Sanchez did yesterday.
He's an asshole man.
Well he does understand.
He doesn't understand that when pilots file flight plans, they're good for 24 hours,
and they were keenly filed early, and then pilots amendment before they take off.
To close them up.
All right, he didn't understand that all, but when he tried to call Ramon Gutierrez on the phone.
I'm glad I didn't see that.
He was, if that's apparently his Lexus that he's driving the family around him.
And he reached his voicemail because the phone was cut off, you know, turned off.
I mean, if he had managed to reach him on I-95, the damage they could have been caused is just been calculable.
Right.
And interfering, interfering with a government set up meeting.
This is a government thing that's going on.
And here's the guy who's a punk clown on a local clown TV station, and he's trying to interfere with it.
Yeah, now Sanchez has not a great IQ or anything like that.
So I doubt he would be-
He's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
But how about these news directors?
Can't they put some responsible reins on these talks?
They don't care about responsible.
All they care about is whipping it up to a frenzy and exploiting it for as long and hard as they can.
Squeezing.
And finally, there was quite a house that bury university homes.
Yeah.
I wonder how much other fancy real estate the Catholic Church has now.
Oh, man, you can't even begin to imagine.
How about the new building they built there at the art diocese that multi-million dollar facility?
I mean, that house was worthy of a South American drug mayor.
If you're going to bring all those altru boys in, you better wine and diner and good style.
You know, I think I like being in some shlipers place.
That's it, Neil. I'm out of material.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
5'67", 05'60", 05'60", on the 18th, he wireless line.
The nuns were outside the door in the hallway monitoring.
And winning in confiscated the cell phone.
Here's the call from Florida City with 15 questions, Mark.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to give a couple of Europeans on this alien.
Personally, I'm sick of it myself.
I don't want to ever hear it again.
I know I can't avoid it, but I don't want to hear about it.
Well, Bob, what was me the most is, in my own opinion, from what I've been seeing, you know, from day to day, I thought you were going to TV.
It's family down here is doing nothing but brainwashing this child.
Right. Absolutely correct.
The six-year-old boy that belongs with his father, he is a key then.
And that's exactly why they don't want to let him out of their clutches for one single solitary moment.
They don't want him talking to anybody on the phone unless they're there coaching him in the back.
They don't want him talking to anybody else face to face unless they, or their lackeys, their attorneys are there.
They're terrified because they want to do their brainwashing job unimpeded by anybody else.
And one other thing I like to say is, I'm sorry about your maple leaves because I'm a panther fan and the boy that went away, they lost that game last night.
That was just sick me.
Sorry about my maple leaves. Well, you know, they don't win every day.
Well, they got me last night for you. Yeah, I understand that.
But, uh, it's available. What was he thinking?
He wasn't.
No, apparently.
Maybe he's really, maybe he's kind of rick Sanchez. Maybe they even had in the whole day seconds of the locker somewhere.
How are you? Good day. God bless you.
5670560.560 on the 182 wireless line. By the way, Randy Moore, you had the least did lose to the Detroit last night.
You're right. And you know what? There's still only one Mike Lang.
So stop at a corner here at Bullcrap.
Here's a call in plantation. Hello.
Neil, news flash. Yes, sir.
Where me just came on television said, Ellie on took a piss. Oh, no.
Squirt, squirt. Wow. He was on his cell phone.
I hope that the ureth acid level wasn't too high.
Did you have to see the cell phone strap to his waist?
To his waist.
Ilya on. He had a cell phone strap to his waist.
Two days ago on TV, they showed two pictures of it.
Yeah. Got a cell phone.
What he probably has to call his broker and see how his stocks are doing.
Of course. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Sure.
He's, I mean, he's on CNBC. He's on everywhere. He's on MSNBC, CNBC, CNN, 467 and 10 again.
He's everywhere. You wake up in the middle of the night. You look at the ceiling.
Oh, my God. It's the image of Aleyon.
People outside. There's a cloud in the sky. Only one cloud. It's him.
There's this post. I recognize that face.
He's the baby. Jesus and Moses. That's right.
What are you laughing about? That's the goddamn truth, man.
And if you don't believe me, I got to die. Say that thing. I'm positive. I say that from the other day.
Oh, no. Where is it?
Oh, don't tell me I tried that out.
That was the greatest.
He's been sent as the like Moses to show the, the free to the liberty of Cuba's only moments away.
He was sent here. It's a miracle.
Anybody with a brain? Believe that.
No. Anybody with an IQ bigger than their thumbnail? Believe that.
No.
Thank God we're not dealing with a bunch of superstitious hysterical people down there. You know what I'm saying?
Really nerve-wracking.
1056 at 560 WQM.
QAM drops the green flag with motor sports Saturday. Saturday morning said six with Chocostello right here on sports radio 560.
QA in.
For training outside six.
Oh, you're so beautiful.
I am the poor daughter of Dale.
Make this balance I day in the verbal one for those close to your heart by sharing the thoughts and words of romance and love in a way that can only be expressed through the romantic wisdom of Mr. Jack Ludwig.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a good guy, I'm not a
Bloody Woman. Can be a
a goon, not a particularly good one who has scored four goals in the National
Hockey League. At some point this year, Soundflower may realize how exciting
Buray is and how far this team could go in the playoffs even with Svela.
Until then, Buray and the Panthers will try to work their magic this evening
in Philadelphia before returning home Saturday night against Edmonton, but if
they couldn't draw full house against the Devils, it's frightening to think
how many people show up Saturday for the Oilers. End of column. Nice going air
Dave, Joe. By the way, put the check into mail, okay, for repeating everything
I've said on this show for a long, long time. And then Greg Cotex, which I
want to read his column because I wouldn't dignify him. But he says basically
the same thing. Empty seats, not one loss, merit alarm. So in other words, the
loss and the given the Game Boy last night wasn't the worst thing that
happened. The fact of these putrid, puke crowds. That's what really makes it
sick. And the Cotex says one can only imagine why all these empty seats
did often. Sure, they obliterate our sports landscape until they finish as
always. Then a sort of an afterbirth every dolphin season, the Super Bowl
hype is now going on. Heat basketball, two running concurrently, still draws
the casual sporting fan, a who is still deluding himself at hockey's number
the Canadian sport or B is hypnotized by Pat Robby's poetic allegory. Maybe
it's here. Or maybe it's that every pant his home game is coincidentally coincided
unfortunately with who wants to be a millionaire. Maybe that might be it, you
think? Or perhaps our celebrities have been unwilling to leave their homes
for fear of missing the latest urgent update on whether celebrity exile alien
Gonzalez six would be meeting with his grandmother's little alien lately has
been photographed capping in a panthers jersey by the way. This guarantees the
trouble be seen to represent Satan. And I don't mean Buffalo Sabers Mirace
Laws at Chetan by Castro Devote's convince the shirt has been fourth
unalien by devils devils for Miami that is not new Jersey Jersey. Contrarily
the site of alien in his jersey may make the pant is a new symbol of freedom
in South Florida. Perhaps the crowd seeking panties could guarantee a home
shallowed by holding an alien Gonzalez night or a series of them. What do you
say? It's a little alien night at the Macarena.
Is this time going to change? No. Are these people yielding willing to
uh no they just don't get it. Say Horsesmith Place Magnumistic about that. Here's a
lady mobile implantation hello. Hey I want to know what gives those
Cubans the right to speed down the highway the other night on live television.
Yeah they were smoking man they were smoldering. Yeah. He said
Bolshevik and your right sweetheart. It's a pile of Bolshevik. That was great.
Nice going hunting. That was lovely. Oh you could almost smell it from here.
Yeah they were smoking right down the Hershey Highway. I'll take it that.
Just don't plan on emulating. You're being deep do do. Deep Bolshevik. Eight minutes
after 11 at 560 WQM no portion of this broad gas may be reproduced without the
express written permission.
We have deeply re-equipment.
Great Whitney has a pair. It's straight from the Vatican introducing new
Catholic life. The religion with one third the guilt of your regular faith. New
Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of
doctrine.
Catholic life there's no confessions no sermons and no lingering afterlife. It's
the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any
chances. Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes
long. Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion. We've
brought that too. Look for our church reveal in your neighborhood. Hey you
might be in the front view or ye of little faith try Catholic life because a
little faith is all you need.
Okay it's 11 13 at 560 WQM 560 705 60.5 60 on the 18 T line. Then lie 9 is real
quiet. You want to know why because they don't care about any of these things.
Too bad we do. Well we really don't but we don't have any choice. 877 785
6345 877 785 6345. And like I said yesterday all the people on the West Coast
all two three hundred of the over there in Fort Myers. Port Charlotte wherever you
might be. Guess what you were there and we're here and I'm not really sure which is
better at this point. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Oh it just went black.
There we go again. Let's have a party. Okay. See you're not prepared for this but
the it just went black. Now let's let that stay there like that. See this is
because the same people the bees leaves who really think that somebody's going
to invest in their company. The same clown won't take the money and put us in a
real computer in there. So every day I mean here we are with been in the year for
an hour and a quarter and the phone has actually been working so far and now I
punch up a line that you won't be able to hear on the airway. Let me put it back
on hold. Okay. I don't do respect whoever that might be because they've been
waiting for like 18 minutes and 13 seconds and now we can't put that line on the
air. Let me try another one. Let me try a pompato beat and pompato beat is
going to come up black. So you know what you're going to have to do now is we
boot the get rid of all these calls. I got every guy they have line in a
board lit up here in the middle of a show and again we can't do a show
because this is a horse mid company. Every thinking line all nine lines are
lit and we got to reboot the fricking phone here and hope that when it comes
back and that these people will call back hope that it'll work next time because
Greg Reed and the bees leaves are a bunch of cheap assholes okay make no mistake
about this isn't radio stick this isn't neal just to make it funny these people
are assholes when a doubtless stress them out again everybody who listens to
the show knows this is a daily part of the show we can't put this phone system
on the air we can't do it maybe once in a great while we get through an
entire four hours and actually it hangs in there you know I had that call from
the kid at Kpx yesterday from Piper high and I was it wasn't even a joke on
I said can we borrow some of your equipment I'm serious is there anybody out
there who can come in here maybe we should take up a collection for the
goddamn bees leaves so we can afford to replace that computer how much could
it cost maybe five hundred bucks maybe tops for a goddamn computer that this
phone system which doesn't work to begin with that we can put that thing through
so on the days when we do have calls oh my god I just don't get it why don't I
just get up and walk out you know why why don't I do that it must be the money
you know let's be yeah
and believe me if I if I had the money that I want to have in order to hang this
microphone up I would I just get up right now and I'd say to joke slap on a
tape you got some things in here I would just walk out and never come back I
wouldn't come back because this show gets no respect from this radio station we
get no cooperation we get nothing nothing zero flock we get slack we get
Schmidt yeah I'm really fed up and tired especially after a month of being sick
is a dog mostly from stress by the way I'm trying to do a goddamn show against
all odds that we ought to call this instead of the arrived your show it's called
against all odds can this man come in and do a goddamn show with a company that
refuses adamantly these people are more goddamn militant than the goddamn
Miami Relativism alien they adamantly refuse to give us what we need to do a
radio show and if I had a lawyer who was more interested in taking care of
things like this instead of running around being a publicity house and being
famous in the steel wall my lines and quotes then you hear that I didn't even
touch anything right there and it's popping and puking on your the phone
let's try a mobile and dear field hello you got there we go how do you like that my
apologies to everybody some people who are waiting a long time you'll have to
call back I'm sorry yeah I feel bad I urge you to clear out the words like oh I
just saw the right of this fake make believe airzots radio station you have no idea
so we're gonna miss you when you're gone yeah soon sooner than you think man exactly
um so if Elyon is the real baby Jesus I say we either crucify his ass okay great five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line out of town line eight seven seven
seven eight five sixty three forty five
or just just they come you'll just calm down okay you've got a calm down all right
it's like an endurance contest with these people an endurance contest they absolutely I
mean they know what the problem is in here and they've done it we've been in here almost
the year up here on this third floor which by the way is the construction thing done yet
oh not even close I got to tell you a story I'm not going to talk about exactly what it is
because I'm not permitted to talk about because it's the quiet period but yesterday I get
home I drive off to my house and there's a air air airborne express truck turns the corner and as
I pull them I drive away I get out of the car and the guy waves to me I wave back at him so he
knows who I am I go in the house and like two minutes later there's a knock on the door and I see
this guy's out there and he's got a package and I look at it and I sign for it and he's talking
he says the only reason I knew the liver it here is because I saw you get out of the car it's
it's at the wrong address it's got like a like I live on a hundred and something street it's got
a one in front of the street number and it's from this company this company is given the
address he arranges with a D which by the way inside this thing of theirs this beasley thing of
theirs they've got they blurb about me and about Hank in this radio station they spell my name raw
here is the company that I work for they can't spell my name right the company that couldn't
shoot straight these are the same people can't spell my name right and they send this thing to me
this is the the common stock offering do I want any of this no which we can't talk about because
it's the quiet period and they send it to my house at the wrong address and it's only because
just by coincidence the guy driving or born expressed drove around a corner there and was delivering
something else in my neighborhood and saw me there and he knew this was for me that's how
incompetent and brutal you people over there in Naples are you're unbelievable you're a laughing
stock in my book I wouldn't touch this stock if you if you gave it to me for a penny or share I
wouldn't take it that's how that's how I mean you've got to be out of your mind you people
and then they buy up all these silly little radio stations these 10 watt radio stations these
little light bulbs highly overpriced by the way to make it look like oh yeah they're like a real
serious big radio company are they no much of clowns there are a bunch of radio wannabes that's
why call them the wannabes because that's what they are I've worked for good people I've worked for
years but I'm gonna tell you something I've never worked for anybody even in a league with these
people these people don't know the first thing about broadcasting not the first thing
and talk about chief yeah Neil I've Neil has to do with showing a telephone booth we're
paying him a lot of money he'll just have to do that that was the comment from their their
due lawyer for this company when we were fighting back before I came on the air here because again
there were more lies and lies and lies and lies oh well Neil studio I could have been ready oh
while Neil ain't starting in in fact Neil go to work someplace else I almost didn't come here
I've never told that on here I almost didn't come here almost went over the other joint
because that studio got that temporary studio in a second look oh well and it could have
been ready yet and I said well guess what my non-compete ends December 30th 1997 or whatever the hell
year was and I said if you don't have a studio ready then I'll go to somewhere where they do
and just amazingly they got it ready and of course maybe you remember the all the scrambling and
running around because the equipment wasn't here and at the very last night and the engineer was
pot-skiing around and the technical nightmare we had and the fact that Greg Reed ran off to Chicago
in the first week I was on the air like a coward because he knew there was going to be all kinds of
technical high jinks and crap so you can go around and you can pretend to be anything you want that's
what he does he pretends to be a radio mobile a sports maven a hot shot he forgot to dot the i in shot
that's the problem and so every day of my life at least part of it here my work day is consumed
with this crap with you know attempting to make gold out of chicken droppings putting in a phone
system in here is not like a major expense not like rocket science we don't need to dig up Einstein
and examine his brain in order to do that and isn't interesting how often does this happen in
the other room I mean they have a few little minor glitches online four and seven once in a while
that's a bell south problem but never never ever is this happened in the other room which I
could throw a rock from here in that sports studio see they're the sports shows they're the
important people they don't have the rating no we got all the ratings we bring all this revenue
here but that's the important stuff for Greg Reed is the sports nerds so we can hear more people
called in like the last call on the worst thing this morning saying what a positive lost as was
last night for the panthers god almighty well we got them all back out of phone anyway here's
top it'll be chill out oh yes sir oh yes I thought you might be interested in knowing that this
morning the world service of a BBC broadcasting out of London England reported the fact that these
Cuban grandmothers had been cheated had been deceived and that they had had their
telephone taken away from them and this is a report that's going all over the world for goodness
yes i mean you see we're making us look like absolute households right now and they are
all i thought you might like to know that it's now international excellent well we would
we've been aligning stock for a long time we're used to it thanks for the good news sir
okay have a great day five six seven oh five sixty yeah from coast to coast all around
this little globe that's been in around called the planet earth your town is the life in stock
up and then it's a banana republic but we're used to it by now we've been conditioned to
it because like i keep talking nothing ever changes every day the same old bull crap only in the
banana republic baby only in Miami all right yeah that's all you need to say it's not gonna change i
hit people i had a zillion people come talking to the hockey game last night and some of them
were talking about this stuff i said get used to it it's never gonna change it's never gonna change
because this small handful of mistreats they pull all the strings and everybody else sits back
and they go okay whatever you want we don't care here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil yes sir how are you great i was watching channel you want to be easily disease today
yeah i hear that uh phone systems great got disconnected three times great uh i was watching
channel seven last night with Rick snatches and they showing the boy the guy holding up the sign
uh send you know early on back and uh get there like a scuffle there yeah scuffle because he was saying
saying something that they didn't agree with so liberate time for them but not for him exactly but
then Rick snatches ask the reporter who was there are they gonna press charges against the guy and
i just about fell out of my chair press charges against him for what having a different opinion
having a different opinion so he was speculating about that too huh yeah and i said what what a
different he killed somebody i had to be out of press char yeah exactly here's a guy that
ran down a guy in front of the god damn stadium and under a very dubious circumstances and the guy
is dead and he's worrying about they're gonna press charges against the guy that's got an opinion
that isn't popular and that group down there and he's trying to interfere in a god damn government
operation a government ordered meeting and he's attempting to interfere by calling this guy on a
cell phone that's it yeah to drag his ass out of there put his ass back in jail and you should
he should have definitely entered jail well that's it for me okay thanks for the good news sir
by the way the guy that he ran over he still dead five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello oh Neil yes sir you can call
Rick Sanchez an asshole remember asshole's a useful yeah he's definitely not useful okay I'm
saying that's an insult to assholes all over the world he got a good point whatever whatever
the next level is below the asshole that's him okay thank you sir good point yeah you're a scumbag
maybe whatever's beneath the barnacles on the bottom of the ship you're at whatever whatever
kind of organisms are underneath the barnacles you're that far down on the food chain
totally irresponsible you're a clown you were disgrace
and this is these people are out of control all whipped up into this and this of course is why
we have to be inundated with this because they've decided they're all we came as the second of
this crap the average living and breathing person I know this may come as a great shock to four six
seven and ten and thank God I got 50 satellite dishes the average person who lives here in South
Florida it doesn't affect our lives this whole story in any way shape or form except of course
those people are peeing in their pants wondering what's going to happen what to be precautions in
the fallout will be if as probably most of us expect alien is sent back home to daddy and Cuba
then people are worried about what's going to happen if they want to drive on the road if they
got to take our catcher flight at the airport if they want to live their lives then we got to
worry about that because then it does affect us and then we do get pissed off and I do not forgive
as the godfather said is that what he said uh-huh 26th after 11 at 560 WQA
wake up with the first team no no Jeff DeFarris is he go see we say morning to say no
no no I have no cool I have no cool I have no cool I have no cool yes
one two three four five coming over honey now come and take our drive to my big house in
chaps like claw we can both get juxtaposed maybe a little time to mom the washers on business
she's out for a week I'm like a kid and they can't be so it's time to achieve that has
threats all my dogs so better and pizza you remember little Billy you're leaning
to our pizza it's gonna be a wild time not my home in New York just to meet the early
cheating black esports arms if my dad's all good coming over honey now go on my show
oh little bit of mom it's up in my life a little bit of mom it's up without my wife
yeah I will live a minute on the coast what I see the air when she's far away that's really
great a little bit of mom it's up what I need a little bit of mom it's up in the morning
a little bit of mom it's up here I am a little bit of you on my happy man
sports sports love it 30 at 560 WQ I'm happy Thursday to a day and a long time with
their first time factor affects me this disturbing picture of little alien with his goggles on
and his panther t-shirt and jacket and kicking a soccer ball it says sports fan alien Gonzalez
plays soccer this house on Tuesday afternoon and Diane says you find this photo a photo is tragic
as I do if his mommy family is a lot to keep this child they may as well reserve his jail cell now
thanks for being the voice for all of us who are repulsed the local media says Diane you're welcome Diane
will repulsed will regurgitate from the local media with their one-sided distorted twisted
pathetic presentation of this bizarre grotesque unacceptable story see we don't and why why
does anybody ask for question why did Ramon Salosanches have to have those two boats down the
intercostal why did the Cuban American National Foundation have to have that guy at the house next
door where he allegedly was invited but nevertheless what do you need to be there for
and why do they have to keep talking over and over eight million times at least
per day through Jose basuto Ramon Salosanches all these other Spencer iig what's his name Spencer
and all the and the Roger Bernstein and all the other jewel lawyers why every single day are they
saying anything different no and they can't get to facts right they can't get to facts right about
the real fisherman that saved the kid that nobody has said thank you to the call this show yesterday
all they're doing is this grandstanding guy that's running around the rest of the family up
there washing oh yeah he saved the boy did he save the boy no we're not even jumping to water
scared he can't you can't get it right and what's worse is that you don't care you don't care
because you've got your own agenda she knows people aren't supposed to have an agenda for years
they always talked about the liberal media the liberal bias this bias that's both have any bias
just presented let us make up our own minds just the facts thank you as jack web
used to say the incident no more too much to many cigarettes jack to no cigarette
here's Miami hello yes sir how you doing great great if you have any news is worried about
the police officers are protesting because of special treatment that the key wouldn't
be out there and when they were arrested doing the process no yeah I was on news today on
video yet and what which cops are these in city Miami yeah actually they county cops right they
were giving them bottle water allowing them to use the phone and we're actually leasing them at the
only condescence we know we had the we had a call about that and I wasn't really positive as
too or not but I began to believe that mayor pinga picania called called down there and instructed
them to give a go easy on those people and let them do whatever they want and let them out in
about five minutes or less how do you like that terrible a meal about the panthers um can you give
yeah sure i'll give you a ticket go get them from my me police their pistol i'll give you a ticket
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t waddles line yeah handle them with
kid gloves because uh those uh bad teeth might fall out and that's a good point you know what those
rotten yellow teeth see if it's me and like I said I deal with people as individuals not part of
some groups some ethnic group religious group uh sexual group uh individuals but if it's me I
don't want to be represented in any way by a bunch of toothless old yinthas
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap you know one note Charlie's although they fit in this town perfectly
because like i've been telling you it's a one note town Danny and Jimmy and Davie and Danny and
getting the car this morning got my music on i figure well i'll be talking about that game last
night i pull out the CD for like three seconds and Joe says oh Jimmy Jimmy's not going to be uh uh
this guy's not a puppet for Jimmy and the CD went right back in the amine so fast
i don't want to hear it i don't have no interest i can't imagine it could be of any interest to
anybody at this point could be interesting to you no even Joe is sitting there with his finger in his
nose and wait wait a hell up there can't believe it next to love this thing
that's practicing for Saturday always having Jeff Gordon on this week here's a mobile
and camera hello hey Neil what's up it felt like a finger yes sir that's what you have
an idea for your son Greg Reed and the beastly along with Ellie on back to Cuba and
all right hey but Neil seriously this is what i'm advocating and i would never get on a
raft of these people gave me because we have like a lot of people number one it wouldn't be paid
for a number two be leaky i believe you but hey what am i advocating tell castro send the
army of you and then there's Miami get them about and take four numbers thank you we have
back home that's not a war and then this one at least that'll wait things up after dolphins you
can write good point nobody cares about Pablo of Burian or Panthers so well yeah i got to have
a little excitement over here right yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the
AT&T wireless liners they'll question about if that extra community they've made Miami what it is
today a banana boat republic the laughing stock of the world make no mistake and it's not you know
like all those other six hundred eighty thousand people were sitting back with lock jaw it's just
this handful of missfits who have no lives and a go out there and this is this is their life
to buy the can't bring back Ralph Edwards with that show this is your life bringing these people
all on here just show the same repetitive scene same crap over and over again pop pop pop pop pop
you know that's their life here's Fort Myers hello hey how's it going okay sir hey do you
watch the debate last night no i did not okay i was at the panthers new jersey game last night
good okay because as usual Steve Forbes looking pretty charismatic left right no yeah
anyways who's the bigger zid head Steve Forbes or Wayne High Pingo that's the question we're
wondering over here you know it's really surprised me though as i'm really shocked that H.
Rothboro hasn't jumped into all the afraid yeah let me maybe he's doing he rolling up his sleeves
he still can't get him rolled up yet once he rolls up his sleeves and starts to do do doing
all over the place maybe he'll get back in and he's a very prone to lift that of Larry King's
rectum all right there you go okay all right thank you all good
oh god don't be sure to do that that's all it takes to get inside Larry King rectum is what i'm here
no thanks El Paso oh god and you know have you ever once
Georgia's a wife has but got bad flu by the way so Georgia's out today in jokashtel has the
honor of presiding over this nightmare have you ever ever worked at show when we didn't have
some kind of catastrophic event going on ever i think one time maybe once maybe once
maybe Joe's bad luck no he's not no don't take it personal of course not because this happens
all the time anyway when you're not here but it's just that you uh you know like they say in the
nose business you know how to pick him i hand it very well yeah or yeah he just it's bad he's
a blubbys he don't care because he's you don't he's waiting for that big Saturday morning show that
motor sports Saturday and for his big birthday party i'm starting a happy birthday to jokashtel
when you call up today say happy birthday jokashtel if you don't mean it
Joe actually invited me to his birthday party Saturday and luckily i had a great excuse because
i got the panther Edmonton game on Saturday night and if i wouldn't have been that i had some other
good excuse like i'm going to Toronto this weekend and freeze my ass off am i going no but that would
have been a good excuse he would have believed it no i thought personal but i mean first of all i
saw i mean at the what's that's parts of that young guy that works here that you invited to the he's
nice kids Vladimir Vladimir Vladimir Vladimir Vladimir he's a Russian uh dorky apparently
i don't i don't think he's Russian he's from New York and he's Vladimir recently he says there's
lots of black and gladiators in New York now it is ruskies i don't think i've heard of yellow Russia
but never black Russia but anyways a good kid and he's going to be your party and of course
your lovely fiance i mean a girlfriend whatever she is this week you've heard of a black Russian
you know there you go 22 before noon at 560 double course you want to be a chose party because he's
a balls on guy i guess he had a close shave at that swing club as well i'm here
the Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s you hey hi this is Larry King and they don't come any better than
Neil Rogers sports word all right
i took you to a picker here that was a plan new heavyweight mama with the great fat can
you the hungriest girl that i ever did see with it never made men's i2 33 you a chicken
hammered my dessert dark Donna and 12 with a pool with blue wanted on it you're not
was so full that you couldn't speak baby something about the pie really drove you crazy i never
will forget when you tried the ram with dribble on your chin you said stop that when you finish
what was left a chicken wound you the fact that you're in the world of words ever known i was
beaten love beaten love for me when you was more in love with the franks and beans from my advice to
you that a body you have to pick and a pair of jeans from abacombian fish all that time or day you
understand the which Chinese school to bowl object and i was her day on that picnic that day in the
summer in the summer i can't believe she did that i were the rick or red bullet chair including the
fifth she won't forget on that picnic that day in the summer in the summer 16th of noon at 5.60 WQ
amount of timeline is waiting on you for Myers Palm Beach rest of the world need jork Boston
rolly north karylana is from eng michigan calamazoo 877 785 5345 is that tool free number for the rest
of the world and the rest of the world quite frankly is sitting back and going yeah at us here's a
call in mind eb chill out hello yes sir how you doing am i in the air it sounds just like you all right uh
my name's mad hide and pull i was there yesterday to guide the roller blades kind of trying to
force my opinion all right let's hear it for Matt right anyway the only guy that made any sense there
yesterday and i'm glad you're still alive by the way my friend well you know i didn't get
much of a chance i came across a little too milt and that's why i called today because i know
no one what were you saying when you were there i just want to say you know i'm sitting around
watching TV every day yeah i've got towels you know i'm a teacher and i got other friends with
teachers right and we sit around our living rooms complaining about what's going on and i know
that there's a lot of other people like me were out there so i just kind of wasn't far from where
lives i got on my rollerblade that went there and i just seeing it i just kind of got upset i just
wanted to say something and i'm really upset because you know i i teach political science and all
i feel like my first amendment rights have been violated here i am trying to say what i want
instead of police protecting me they're the ones pulling me out and what i'd like to say is for
every person at that home sitting right now getting upset you need to get out and do your part
because i know i was on national or radio today and every little bit counts and i don't want
people to sit back and be complains with this because we got mob rule we got in the police stations
the politicians that judge who made the decision and family court and even been there i mean this is
it's bad it's like total corruption and i just want to let everybody do what they can to just sit
back and do nothing like i you know i did a little and i want to do more like they say from grassroots
i like this because this kid should be home i mean if you look at the hate convention any international
law yeah this kid there's absolutely no legal grounds this kid to be here so i'm you know
pretty upset about i just want to kind of vocalize a little more relaxed and i was yesterday because
when people are pulling in hitting you and you're on rollerblades you know you can be a little
glueling that's how it came across i felt like you know i'm right here in one piece because it
looked like a real surely hostile mob yeah so i like i just want to if i can just have a second
i just want everybody who uh listen to the radio right now don't be complacent and do more than
just writing letters because you know people don't need to back with newspapers so much when they're
out in the crowd go out there demand protection if yourself on the news get heard do whatever you can
because i'm saying something this kid okay if i have no comments i don't like for the
cast myself but it's disgusting seeing all these new toys are sticking from his face every day
almost makes you want to become a communist it's so it's so gaudy and so it's just it's just
it's what they're doing this kid's horrible so you know do what you can and and stick up for what
you believe and then like i said i'm new to my i didn't say but i'm new to my army only been out
here two years i just can't believe the way things are run here it's corruption from the politicians
who are in the back pockets everybody to the police force if you read today's uh
herald how the you know they're sneaking things into the people while they're breaking their laws
and their jail cell and what politicians need to know Florida politicians they can still carry
the state of Florida without the Cuban-American fanatics when i and i know what's
anything about about Cuban-American because they're just like emails most of work hard most
do what they're supposed to do with these fanatics they can still carry the state of Florida so don't
worry about the election in the in the in November okay you can still carry the state if you get the
normal people who work for living and stick up for the constitution okay man thanks you have
good day hanging there all right okay there's a guy who just tried to express an aldin point of
you yesterday and he all said that's what they said in all uncertain terms
leave right behind for us and the bafan gullip to you that's the message they let this convene
and left the other part off those posters those banners the bafan gullipart but that's what they
mean as long as you agree with us okay as long as we get our way okay Jose but if it ain't gonna
turn out our way then i got to help you because we're gonna just act like a bunch of spoiled little obnoxious
children five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line let me say it again
i want to emphasize because i'm the one person in this town the only one who will tell you who will
articulate this in public and that is that our local media has disgraced itself even worse than
ever before believe me they got plenty of baggage they're already carrying this is the all time worst
starting a few weeks ago back when they were encouraging people to come down to the ins
this came in 79th after the crowd are pretty much dispersed and they wouldn't let go of it
and every single one of them four six seven and ten they kept pocket away and pocket away and
speculating and speculating all the crowds are gonna get bigger and and even saying on the year
as people are seeing this there's no question more people will want to be involved here
and if that's the case why not shut the cameras off because that's not supposed to be your job
is to stir up civil disobedience your job is supposed to be to report the god damn news not to make it
you assholes you and i can say this every i can do four hours on this every day are they going to
change no and what they don't realize is that most of the people who watch four six and seven
and ten agree with me because the people that they're pandering to the old exile community
they're all watching twenty three and fifty one they're not even doing that they're listening to
audio mom being all that bull crap all that pandering crap twenty four hours a day
you're a disgrace i'm ashamed to live in a community with a kind of so-called media that we have here
like i said at the top of the show panthers win a big game exciting overtime set or tonight
Sunday morning you pick up your papers you can't find it in the sports section page two hundred
page five hundred they lose the game heartbreaker last night it's on the front page of both sports
sections what a coincidence years ago when i was doing you and baseball with the year that the
university of my any baseball team broke the all-time NCAA record for most wins in a row i think
it was twenty three or whatever it was and every day there was almost no coverage to be weighed
back in the sports section of our newspapers and Ron Fraser said to me said wait till we lose
he said as soon as we lose the game they'll put it on the front page of the sports section
guess what you know the rest of the story they lost the game and
made you both sports sections on set on a herald
that's our local media accentuate the negative
here's a mobile informer lottery hello i'm as mad as hell about the local media
yes this guy sounded really politically correct and everything but i have got to blame the local
media they're going too far on this one and i don't i can't watch it anymore yeah well that's
all i wanted to say i'm the i'm pure i'm puking up alien chunks now at home well i'm smoking a
bowl of alien right now okay thank you okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty by
the way free week for everybody to one o'clock today just come on hang out outside the building
we got some free goods stuff from our friends here in little Jamaica one lady in Miami
hello i knew yes man uh you was wondering how uh mask canosa jr uh was over on the beach yesterday
i never mentioned his name oh well that's who it was uh he wrote hey mosh's name is uh some
different uh uh uh mosh to mosh uh a lot of uh santo s santo s oh yeah i thought the santo's
family was unguiding light yeah the mafia family right well he drove he drove over there in the car
with this Jewish lawyer with the beard uh and he was on the lawn next door now could it be that
he had a scanner and was trying to hear anything going on in the house only the knowns though for sure
right and also uh he made a statement that uh uh sister jini eloson i think her name is
yeah hang out and told him that one of the grandmothers had a cell phone and that lowered her
regard for that woman because she broke the rules sister marry calcanties now why would she be
giving uh him a report well because she's objective she's not saying right and also uh i think
rick sanchez should be run out of town yeah he he had to be fired today i mean his his performance
yesterday was unacceptable at least he's a family and did you hear him call sister jino
eloson's house and outhouse now he called it an outhouse and outhouse well what is that mean because
of interlits in there what does that mean it meant that i think it was Laurie she said was uh
co-hosting with him yeah and uh she was uh making a comment that the grandmothers you know this
was probably one of the finest houses they had been in because they come from a very small town
and what a grand house it was and he says oh i i don't know about that he says uh they have
some houses much better than that and uh cuba of course i need paint he says but uh compared to
the ones in cuba that would be an outhouse he didn't really say that he did that that's a mansion
he but that's what he called it uh okay well uh say goodbye to rick on the way out yeah
and don't run him over in the road when you see him even if you have bad breaks i'm sorry
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line by the way here's a bulletin for you
that dresses your wall safe now ten genny now has his Gestapo patrols looking in our backyards and
cars in the middle of the night to determine if our properties a potential target for theft
i called to ask what the hell they were doing on my property at five this morning and was told
this is legal as long as the officer feels there's a threat to someone's safety and this does not
constate through the search remember no search warrant is needed for contraband or anything else
illegal left in open view and they can tease your car or property if they find something
see highlights says how do you like that your safety is important to share of can genny
what it says here right sure it is especially if you're in one of those dangerous swing clubs
got only knows what somebody might swing at you that's what you'll found out five six seven oh five
sixty pound squirt squirt five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line
maybe it just fell off a tree it kind of looked like a log out of town line is open eight seven seven
seven eight five sixty three forty five here's panbrook pines hello yeah hello nale yes sir
yeah i got a perfect scenario for you elan says to his family before he leaves for the meeting
the brics anxious find out where the meeting is going to be held and if you can plan a gun
and i'll kill them both under the two behind the toilet one of those pulsing toilets yeah right
excellent thank you sir there you go that's why they had the delay now thank you this guy finally
fingered it out sir you're sharper than all these media souls that's why they had the long delays
they were trying to find the the toilet in that house i mean it's a big house they got a whole bunch
of turlits that had the a pole fashion pole shame behind it there we might be able to hide the gun
behind it right that's what tescio said oh tescio won't see him no more i know it's paul he won't i
mean if Josh Friedman comes in one more time because he's a moron Josh Friedman he's a big fat
tub of sputum you got to you got to be able to elaborate a little bit you have to be embellish
a little bit Josh but of course you wouldn't understand that do you understand it no you're a moron
what are the panthers hate you like poison and ray witness as you don't smell too good either
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line for minutes to
know that you're freedom station are we free here and you're what a bee's lay station and you're
boss med station q-i-m this is five sixty q-a-l
now we're gonna q-a-m i guess it's gonna be a good party day
bugn
verify
Oh, it says I'm falling at night.
That was the goal they have no life.
And it starts to have the cure of the food today.
Here we are.
Here we are visiting.
Here we are visiting.
Here we are visiting...
We see a melody, tell TV...
And the shelving comes a long way...
So she was a member of the board, she was just a way
When the hell said she shared the bed
In the husky gun
We wanted off the go away today
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Chaffigan
All right
And we tied up Voliastrip
We just want to live our lives
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Voliastrip
We just want to live our lives
And we tied up Voliastrip
We just want to live our lives
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Elio
We promised Elio
Should my am is down
Yes, yes, yes, yes
And we all want to live when we're making
Leaving Cuba for all behind
The shower here would give us hope
While my am is my am is slowly dying
In the angels she was a member of the board
She was just a way
When the hell said she shared the bed
In the husky gun
We wanted off the go away today
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Chaffigan
And we tied up Voliastrip
We just want to live our lives
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Voliast
We should spend in man
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Chaffigan
And we tied up Elio
Voliastrip
We just want to live our lives
And we tied up Elio
And we tied up Process
Oh, this is the best
I just got a fact over here in a fast machine
And these really frost my ass when they waste our facts paper
2WQAM in sports
And it's about some Shamanah, Madonna, Head of Football, Code Spiderman
But something that we, do we care anything about it?
No
No
And I thought what kind of an asshole
Keeps sending stuff on our facts machine
I look at this 2WQAM in sports from Jeff Gray
Now Jeff Gray used to be the news director
When I worked at WIENS E-Many Years ago
I mean a total absolute zero
A long kid
A vacuum on two legs
Jeff Gray, who now works for some PR guy guess, huh?
Wow
I've gone there Jeff
He's taken his way through life
Yeah, every time there was a big news story
He'd go out here and say
I see in the hero on page 8EB today
Millenium year brings fresh diet of how two books for dieters
By Ellen Kringer
Knight and Ritter News Service
And she's got a list of 75,000 new diet books out
Including one called slim-down sister
It includes modified soul food recipes
Excedent
I guess that's one that's got Oprah's picture on the front
No recipes inside
You just sit there and look at Oprah's picture
You'll never read another meal
That would work for me
And then the reason I bring this up is
Because in the list of all these diet books
She's got the 20, 30 fat and fiber plan. How do you like that?
I gave Merkin and Berry Fox.
Practical moderate but strictly for logical people who are good at keeping track of what they eat.
20% of fat and 30% fiber each day. That is absolutely
long, by the way.
I mean, those are the limits you must have 20 grams of fat or less per day, 30 grams of fiber or more.
It says the book includes the keychain counter. You can keep with you to maintain and run in total how much fat and fiber you've
down during that day, which is true. But it's not like you have to have an exact number like that.
Some miracle thing on there. You stupid bitch Ellen, but it is a great book and I lost another pound today.
And I feel great. I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
Because the meat and the cheese and the cheese and the meat and all other stuff I was eating it was making me
exactly fat and sick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm recently arrived from Puerto Rico and
Puerto Rico. Yes. Oh my God. Well, I was going around looking for a radio station that ran across some
woman, some Cuban woman going crazy. Yeah, that might have been heard there.
Or I don't know if they called him. This is a guy. And he's talking about Ramn,
Saul Sanchez or Rick Sanchez. I don't know who to call him.
He says, Ansel, right. They're all the same. But he would say he was getting calls from CNN and all
over the country. And what he told the woman was, well, now we can finally tell our side of the story.
Oh, fine. And I wonder what objectivity this reporter or a supposed reporter is supposed to have.
So I don't know, Neil, because you guys can have this Miami. No, you can have it. I don't want no part of it.
There you go. I'm out counting the days on the calendar. Look, a guy in death row. I'm counting my days.
And guess what? I live in power. Thank God. Have a great day, amigo. Glad you're here. Thank you.
There's a guy from Puerto Rico and thank God George is out today because otherwise he'd be making some comment.
Yeah, you do know that George has got something against Puerto Rico. You'll know that.
You're Indians. Oh, okay. See now, why did you have to do that? Why do you know? Just because you're filling it,
does that mean you have to fill that gap? I owe it to George. No, you don't. Well, I guess, you know, I guess if I had that thing dangling in my face,
from some 90 year old troll. Here's a lady in Pemberg Pine. Hello. Hello. How are you today? I know George is great.
That is gratitude. Yes, man. A couple weeks ago, I tried to call in. You were talking about how sick you are hearing about Dan Marino and how they should give
Orlando Marri a little more credit. Yeah, an interesting story that I thought you might find humor. Okay. My fans, I went to high school with him, played high school football with him with
Orlando Maddie. Yes, he did. And Joe Castello went to school with Orlando Marri. So he's got the smallest penis of any man he ever saw in his life. But anyway,
I don't know about all that now, but the high school football coach when it came time to help everyone find scholarships,
told Orlando that kickers like him were a dime a dozen and he'd never go anywhere. How do you like that?
And now the high school football coach is no longer loud in Florida and he is working as a mortician.
I just thought you might find that. I think he found his calling. Exactly. And if you have any cancer tickets flying around it, okay.
Can you believe that? You see what I'm saying about women. I don't want to, like I said, it all I could generalize, but there's something about the women in this town.
At least the ones that call this show. If I have any panthers tickets laying around. Yeah, I got them laying around in a drawer at home.
Their mind. Do I have any extras? No, no. And if I did have you ain't kidding them. Did I say anything about giving away panthers ticket?
No. See, the idea like she's doing me a favor. She's calling the show and therefore as a reward, I should give her some panthers tickets.
Something. I'll give her something. Another one. There. No extra charge.
Well, what is that all about? Oh, thank God I'm a bag.
Seriously, I say that with a straight face. So that's the only thing straight about me, but I say it with a straight push.
I mean, a woman in this town, 95%. I wouldn't give you a flying form.
Give me, give me, give me, give me, I'll give you, here's another one.
Eight minutes passed known as 560WQI. Anybody mind any panthers tickets by the way?
Uh-huh. Give out her number.
Only one South Florida radio station has that.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey. Hey, go for it. Weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560QAM.
It's 6 now. It's big enough both of us.
John is the most engaging at five.
And help again, down to my tunnel, down, yes I did, uh,
A pink couple months, and now I'm starting singing
The piece of us, and the piece of us, what's this about?
So I come to work out, and I've got a contract
I'm on the radio, you see me on LCD?
Yes I can, but what should I do?
I'm not a fan of the film, I'm not a fan of the film
Why I found a way?
Why I found a way?
When they can call me, I'm a queen, say, so funny
It is so easy, yummy, to sing like we do
Of course it's nothing, and I'm leaving, I'm leaving
Your future is looking great, and I'm going to hear a singing song
So I can sing, so I can sing, so I can sing, so I can sing
But no one can tell, yeah people to us, but only some to hear us
People come to welcome us, and we are making their ears, so I can sing, so I can sing
Racco, something like that this thing, we have an opposite
It's 1213 at 560 WQM, happy Thursday to you
We got Hank from Atlanta, everybody whipped him about that Super Rollus weekend
No, no
St. Louis Rames and the Tennessee Titans
Give me a break, that was a historical
Now we're more concerned about the important stuff that's going on right down here in our community
Right in our midst, about the gorillas in our midst
Here's Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Neil, I just want to say one thing
Ilihan woke up very very tired this morning from a press and immediate attention
So he decided not to go to school, he set, he wrote a letter to his father and code
So that he can understand over there, to his father and their father
And a white piece of paper he wrote, E-L-I-A-N
Ilihan lives in America now
A story, livre, easy or pass, apprendan an al al
Holy
Oh my god, that guy just sucked into that by this curvy
This brought that curvy vacuum cleaner from that door to the ourselves and he just got sucked in by it
But it means, but it means, but it means, but it means
Thank you so much my two-plus old man
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
877-785-60-T45, no thanks
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line
North Miami, hello
I'm sorry, I have a mouthful
Yeah, so the last two
Let me just swallow this one
I've been a resident self-floor over 40 years
And I don't think there's anything that has impacted our local media to the degree of this six-year-old
Yeah
And it's giving to the point where I mean, what are we going to do?
Turn off the TVs, shut the radios
They're giving you no choice
I mean, they take it all afternoon, all evening, all night
I can't even count the number of hours it's been on the last three or four weeks, but it's like where the stars are surrounded by it
And if worst, Monday, I'm trying to watch once and again one of my favorite shows
And not only did they bleed been like the OJ chase with Eliam at the airport
Then they had the nerve to put the eye, we'll cock it on for 15 minutes
Great, which was the biggest way to fly
Which who cares about that? Talk about terminal and ponderous
All right, well, you're doing a great job, I like all the good publicity you're giving for the good residents here in South Florida
Okay, but in closing, if I may, we don't need another illegal alien
Okay, bye-bye, I'll rip it out to you
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line
Eliam lives in Miami now in America now by the way, but a little bit about the adacto
That guy was really good and then he got sucked in by his Kirby vacuum cleaner
What's a good thing he blurted those words out just in the nicotine
Here's the Pompato B-chillow
Yes
Yes, sir?
Yeah, we're kind of phone or you answer
Sorry about that, it's a little messed up
Bad
This is Pompato and I'll take it
Call me on a real phone, man, I can't put that crap on here
Maybe I had the phone in his back bone, or something like that
Or maybe I had that cell phone that the nuns took away from the grandma's yesterday, you think so?
That might have been it
The only one who belonged in the cell was the nuns
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Hollywood B-chillow
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
You know, the guy called in yesterday saying that all this was therapy here in your calls and I felt the same way and that's what I'm called in
But I saw three things last night that made me want to throw out the next time I had the call
That nun that came out after the meeting whatever was she in coherent or what?
Why didn't she then?
Oh my God, she was just rambling, she couldn't put together one coherent sentence
And she just martyred herself as I can't f***ing bitch
I was thinking we got her involved in this now?
She's talking about the grandmother's came in, shuddering with fear
And we're looking for trap doors that didn't materialize and all this
What the hell are you talking about?
So there was that and then there was a Cuban flag out in the front there that about 50 people had to hold because it was so damn huge
Really? Yeah, that had a big one, huh?
Oh, the biggest one I've ever seen
Wow
And I'm thinking to myself, okay, you want to come to America, you want this kid to have the liberties that American poses the fight?
No, no, no, they don't, they don't you understand? They don't know from liberty, don't you understand?
Their idea of liberty is we get our way, we get our way
Exactly, everybody else out of our way
That's exactly
And I feel a nice little iteration there to it
If you love America so much, why don't you have a flag out there that size of the American flag?
And why are they flying the flag of this goddamn communist country that they keep condemning?
If it's so bad there, what are they running around brandishing that communist flag?
Next thing, we'll have the hammer and sickle out there for Christ's sake
Not only that, but it's like, I think there are a bunch of communism, so I'll provide the crap
Of course William, if you ask me
It's a bullshit, no, it's crap
I mean, if you really love the culture of Cuba and you embrace that, I understand that
But then why do you protest every damn ban that tries to come down here and play from Cuba?
Because they don't know from freedom, sir
I just got through telling you and have a great day
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T world as long
It's time for this community to be free to be liberated
Liberatode for the rest of us, that's what I say
Liberatode for the living and breathing people, Americans here, that's what we want
We want to be liberated from the clenches of a bunch of crazy people
From a bunch of toothless old Yentos, that's what we want to be liberated from
At least the old Yentos and Broward have got some teeth, they may have them in a glass, but at least they got some
God, here's Miami B, Chilla
Hello, yeah, yes sir
Yeah, this whole thing with Elliot, I'm a little disturbed about some of the comments about, I love your show
What do you disturbed about, sir?
The whole thing about just sending the kid back with me to court case
I think it's already been a little size, I think the whole thing with Yenirina, the bunch of politics
Sir, let me say this to you, Judge Hoover is already going to, he's already going to announce whether he has the legal standing to hear the case or not
And once he makes his decision, he'll either go back to the INS or he'll make a ruling and that will do whatever it's supposed to do
Why do we need all this other window dressing going along with us?
Why do we need the boats in the intercostal, the get-sheets out there with a flag screaming in the end?
What is all this about? What do we need this for?
Why if this is a country of laws, why can't we just sit back and let the laws decide and then go on with life?
I get it
Why do we have to be held hostage to this round of clock?
Well, for my advantage, my thumb up like if you believe in life, liberty and the perpetrator happiness, you're talking about a kid?
These people don't believe in liberty, sir, they've just got through saying that you know what is well as I do
Well, couple of people came up, no they don't, no they do not
Those people that are out there carrying on, they had two people all of two people that came by yesterday with a different point of view
And they tried to beat the crap out of one of them and the cops had to escort the other one away with his sign because he was going to get the crap beat
That's not liberty, sir, that's a fascism, that's what there are but there's a bunch of fascists and don't waste my time
Give me a solid answer about liberty and we'll start playing God Bless America for you
I'm tired of hearing about it, there are a bunch of God-damn fascists who never met a fascist they didn't like
And I'm sick and tired of this whole God-damn community being held hostage by a bunch of fascists and their co-conspirators and local media who are busy speculating about all kinds of crap
And trying to interfere in a government operation there and a government arranged meeting which the government had a demand that they do because they're so-called Miami family, they're setting the rules
They're deciding who's going to go where and who's going to do what
And if this God-damn government had any balls, they'd gone in there and whisk that kid out of there and they'd have placed him with some other God-damn family or somewhere until I could make a decision
And get him out of the clutches of these propaganda, so we're in a little Havana, that's what they would have done
I'm sick and tired of fascism in this town, I can't deal with it, I can't cope with it which is one of many many reasons I can't wait to get out of this place
So don't give me a solid answer about, oh gee if you don't like it, I'll get out and do time, okay, when I'm good and ready
When I'm through sucking all the money out of here and pith the pain me back for what I've given for 24 years
Which has been the one voice not sitting back to be intimidated by the God-damn the courageous freedom flow tiller
I remember those days 20 years ago the Mary L. Bolif which was the beginning of the toiletizing of this town
And instead of telling it like it is the same assholes in the media and their predecessors is the courageous freedom flow tiller
It wasn't courageous and it had nothing to do with freedom, it was about Castro making a bunch of fools out of us again
Which he's doing one more time now and every time he feels like it
Just went a cube like a Cuban baseball team came here, I'll just hysteria over what?
Over what?
You see let me say it again we don't have any national interest vested in that island none, none whatsoever
And the fact that we have an immigration problem there is because we don't deal with it effectively
This dry foot, wet foot policy that doesn't work, that's like don't ask don't tell, that's bullshit, it doesn't work
All that doesn't encourage people to risk their lives or risk their lives of their children like in this particular case
And if they can just make it to the shore they're here
Not acceptable especially when we have the double standard
The courageous freedom flow tiller
And I'll say it again none of this could have happened without the cooperation, the assistance and the enthusiasm of the local media
You are the people who've destroyed this town, you people in the media and you've been doing it ever since I came here I'm sure long before that
Oh we don't want casinos, here's that picture of the drifter out a million miles behind a sand hotel in Las Vegas to represent the public here on the front page of the hero
That's what Vegas is all about, some stumble bum out there in the goddamn desert
I was just in Vegas two weeks ago and I see any stumble bum, so I see a lot of stumble bum here on my TV every day
A lot of toothless wonders with no brain
I had a great time, everybody treated me great, I had a lot of fun, I had some good meals, life was great
Nobody was talking about this, Mitt
But these people here, your Miami hero, then your goddamn son Sentinel and you forget about 46, 7 and 10
They're not even worth talking about, I wouldn't dignify them, bunch of scumbags, bunch of losers, bunch of wannabes
They're gonna happen to be with the wannabes, because you don't have any co-horns, you don't have the balls, the representings fairly, to present a balanced viewpoint
And what about the overwhelming majority of people in this community who don't give a flying crap about aliens and all this other horse crap?
What about us? Do we have anything to say? No
No, it's Rick Sanchez and Elliot Rodriguez and the same old Getchke's owner, bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
Hello, I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick
Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm
Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I'm Rick Sanchez. I
I like you to see this is put a Rick and I'm marriage like you wouldn't believe she is glued to this TV like you wouldn't believe I come home. I see the kids but kids are in one side of the house. We're on the other side. I said this. This should get.
I'm just like you know that I'm a green girl married to a Latin woman. She is starting to get out of control on it. I put the scenario in the other shoe. I just want to
I'm a dad, you know, God for good.
Right.
But anyway, Uncle Neil, that's all I have to say.
I'm a long time.
Just keep one word in mind.
One word in my pound.
LaBottomie.
It might work wonders on her.
Good life.
Take care.
Take care.
Good luck.
Like the guy says, the media is sick and it's out badly.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless long rolling
along singing the song, same old tired song, same old tired
crap.
Wake up with the first key.
Your road.
Jeff DeParis is key gold.
Yeah.
We see morning to six only on sports radio 5 60 Q a.m.
Please enough talking.
When did you like your little princess to grow up to be an
impeccable hostess ready for high society?
Then why not buy her the doll all tasteful little girls are
clamoring for the talking Martha Stewart doll.
This is the perfect time of year for planting and patience.
With the talking Martha Stewart doll, girls can learn how to be
just like Martha learn all about entertaining.
Tired of the same old cocktail gathering.
Try a new pool party.
Mard.
You call data diamond.
Teach you back.
I want to see myself and have fun.
Coast keeping.
Scrum that floor bitch.
I told you no more street.
Throw man.
Mad me baby.
You.
You.
Oh.
With the talking Martha Stewart doll, your little girl can grow
up to be just like her idol poised smart and classy.
Get your car out of my.
Right way.
From Hasbro makers of the Frank Gifford sleep around action figure
with built in tape recorder.
Profer to you 560 W2M.
So anyway, the one good piece in the media finally said would be
a miss remiss.
I be a miss.
Kind of like Brian or cross a miss.
If I left this out red editorial again the Sun Sentinel can't say
too much for them but at least on this issue they've been right on target all
along they've had the co homes.
Unlike the hero which is busy you know trying to ride that the fence.
They're right in the Jeff the fourth fence.
They got the they're chafed right on the old back home from it.
Sun satellite of tour of the day it says meeting a bright spot in battle in this
you ought to listen very carefully because it says it exactly like it is.
Summarize it in just a few paragraphs.
It says the meeting of 6 year old Ellie on Gonzalez with his grandmother's
on neutral ground Wednesday is the one bright spot in this chaotic custody battle.
The immigration naturalization service rightly stepped in and ordered the
boys Miami family to make Ellie unavailable for the meeting at the Miami Beach
home of her university president sister Gina Loughlin.
The IMS however should have made this decision earlier in the game.
This would have avoided Mondays 10 standoff between the boys grandmothers
and his Miami relatives when the two sides were unable to agree on where the
reunion should take place the grandmothers left for Washington DC.
They returned to Miami two days later after the IMS intervened.
The National Council of Churches contributed to making this case more bizarre
than it needs to be.
The council brought the abuela state's route sympathy for the boys returned with
home in Cuba but the decision to waste the grandmothers to Miami on Monday when
neither side was ready to budge on the reunion site was a poor public relations move.
Council leaders should be hit more like mediators and less like handlers in this dispute.
The boys Miami relatives in their lawyers however behave more irresponsibly by
insisting the grandmothers meet with the alien at the relative's little
Havana home.
This would have served no purpose other than turning the event into a media
circus.
It would have also provided a photo opportunity for demonstrators outside the home who were
carrying flowers and welcome signs for the grandmothers the props which were
mostly handed out by exile organizers didn't make the crowd any less hostile to
the grandmothers wishes to take their grandson back to Cuba.
Aliens great uncles and cousins of temporary custody of this child it's their
right to fight aliens in order to repatriate in the Cuban federal court but this
family does not have the right to make it tough for a six year old to see his grandmothers.
It can't intrude loose temporary custody of aliens if they don't cooperate in the
child's best interest.
Congress also was getting ready to fight over aliens some lawmakers want to make a
US citizen or a permanent resident while others devout the filibuster any such
legislation it would be better for everyone if Congress waits for the courts to
decide aliens fate.
It's time for an objective and rational person to rescue alien from a cold war
showdown this person may be US district judge William Hover who's been assigned
to handle an appeal filed on aliens behalf which would keep him in the US.
Aliens belongs with his father in Cuba unless it can be proven his father is
unfit to raise him.
US immigration officers who have interviewed the father in Cuba have concluded he
is a loving parent.
The court needs to decide the matter quickly so alien can get his life back and
so the public can be spared from what's become a daily soap opera let's hear it to
sunset and the only one that is done making some sense on this.
Yeah we want to see our soap bars all right like guiding light in general hospital
not today's story of alien that's what we want to see you want to see a soap
opera not the one they're dishing out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line here's Miami hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah I was one to see if you could ask your audience to stop whining.
Constantine whining oh they're on TV.
Oh but what do you want?
What do you want?
Actually like men.
Oh okay why don't you act like a man so the little putz act like men.
Madakone.
See it calls like that I mean what do you even waste your time for sir and we're not interested
in having you tell the audience how to behave me how to behave the point is you got
nothing to say is that correct?
Right.
Here's a poppano hello.
Poppano.
Yes sir.
You should have heard Denise Pogley I'm described last night's play by Sir Julia.
By who?
Robert Sir Julia.
Stereya.
He described it as unfortunate instead of saying it was a dumb.
Unfortunate it was it a disgrace even a five year old kid knows better than that.
You play it off the board when you lift it up high towards the door.
You don't do anything you stand there behind the net and you move the puck around and nobody
comes near you and you watch the cloud the second thick off the clock I've seen it a
million times you don't go put it anywhere and take a chance it's going to be intercepted.
No criticism no towards them.
Well that's Denise Pogley and there's a more answer what does that tell you Denise?
He's a master you don't even understand the game you played it great for a long time but
does he understand it?
No.
No.
Can he describe it?
No.
Does he belong on here?
No.
No.
Fraudulent frog.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes sir how you doing?
Neil you haven't heard the latest.
What is that?
She wanted to go to 12 o'clock sister Gina Lafflin called channel seven and advised them that
she felt that the child should stay here because she's-
Senator Mary Catherine Jeeds.
Yeah.
And she called it and because she detected a fear in the grandmothers and she thinks it might
have been because of they-
They're manipulated well.
And so now this neutral site was supposed to have taken place and this is the son sent
and we're saying this was going to be one bright spot and even this meeting has been totally
good.
Well the fact that the nuns sat outside the room monitoring and they ran in there and the
confiscated the cell phone that tells you there was nothing neutral about it at all and then they go out and they
tip off one of the the handlers from the Miami family that there was a cell phone in there.
I believe I you know I used to get Catholic and ultimately even I knew that.
Oh my god.
But and I left Gordi Al and Normi Al in the 1960s to come down here just to get back in the church.
Right.
And so I'm not too bright but every day is something different.
Tomorrow it'll be a last minute sleeping with Hoovler or something.
There you go.
Maybe she got a bag of money found on her doorstep.
You know you got the Gordi Eris's name on it.
You have to help us.
You have to do what?
I have to help you do what?
What am I going to do with it?
We cannot leave.
People like me who cannot leave.
Just actually leave.
Physically leave the area.
You only hope we have as far as this.
Is there some somewhere we can get together on a weekly basis and be pillows or do something?
No.
You're going to go nuts.
No.
If they win this fight, this city is gone.
I got some contacts at the passport office.
I'll help you out.
560-560.
Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
I have a couple comments about this circus down in Miami.
Yes, ma'am.
First of all, it's for this reputable media on TV.
Those folks that are holding onto their jobs because no news organization in the country is going to hire them after this.
They're a laughing stock.
The other thing I want to say is we have the CIA to thank for this mob down in Miami because they've been supporting these people behind the scenes for the last 40-50 years now.
Yeah.
And you know, it's just going to keep...
I mean, nothing's going to change down there.
And they want the kid to have a better life.
Why don't they just send Andy and Bargones to Cuba and send them back to England and have a better life?
There you go.
Andy and Bargones, man.
That's what I say.
Andy and Bargones, let's start to come out of the real world and cut this crap.
We even do business with China and those companies that's over there and work for ReA and Vietnam.
Let's stop the crap.
Exactly.
Let's stop running American policy to satisfy a bunch of old and old people.
Right.
I mean, if you go into the corner, everything you see is made in China.
We're sending billions of dollars there and they're going to nuke us one of these days.
Okay.
Well, I won't be here.
I have a great place.
We don't.
Right.
Okay.
I'll be in Madagascar.
That's a safe place.
Nobody's going to drop no bombs there.
Are they Madagascar?
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless long 22 before 1 a QAM.
Let's...
Debo, Sony Sports Showdown.
Are you up to the challenge?
No!
Saturday morning, today, only on Sports Radio 566 QAM.
Nobody repulses you more.
Treat your family to a Cuban Italian meal that will have a lion industry.
Thomas Rigolotto Rigatoni.
Homemade Madagascaroni made by thousands of big Jamaican women in Heronets.
You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle.
Like you can't let them leave us to the baby Jesus.
Or life ain't hard with libido.
Rigolotto Rigatoni won't stick to the pot, so clean up is easy.
No, boss.
So much.
Don't be a front-running pony.
Give a Rigolotto Rigatoni.
It's AT&T 41560WQM 56670560, 0560.
On the AT&T 5255 slide?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Tommy.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to make some comments about this madness of taking place in Miami.
Madness is the word, sir.
I'm 40 years old and I'm an American of Cuban descent, but I consider myself fully assimilated.
that never had any yearning for this nostalgia and foolishness that is uttered by many of
those who are older and remember Cuba that never was and that's the problem that you
look at a lot of these people the ones you call the toothless ones.
They are, they're, you know, they live in a world of unreality.
They have this image of Cuba and I remember hearing this from my grandparents and students
I went to school where they told me the same story about a Cuba that I said became older
and I died majored in Latin American history.
I realized it didn't exist.
It existed in a fancy world and one other thing and this is a common thing I used to
hear in the 60s and 70s.
You don't hear too much anymore.
I think it's been in part because memories are faded and also because now you have a
new generation of anti-communist anti-castro-finatics.
But one of the things that I used to always hear around the dinner table when I was out
with my grandparents or my father was that here Cubans frequently say you don't cash
to be trade us and I used to turn my parents and ask them, well wait a minute what does
that mean?
And they would say well you know one time they supported Castro.
Right.
And I said well if everything was so well in Cuba before Castro.
Right.
It's the taste of such a great guy.
Yeah.
And it was really liberty.
Yeah.
You don't look turning around and support a revolutionary movement because you know
revolution is not a Sunday picnic.
It's a pretty ugly and dangerous thing.
So a lot of these older tubers that you see that are the most frightened, the most self-righteous
anti-communist, just keep in mind that at one time they were with the fetalistas.
Right.
And that's the amazing thing.
And it's like a reformed alcoholic at the cocktail party.
You'll never hear the end of it.
The minute you put a drink in your lips.
Right.
And that's what this kind of reminds me of.
I was standing well said pal.
All right.
Thank you.
There you go.
That was one of the best calls we've had all year, year or zero.
And that was great.
Right on target.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pine, this business like I keep telling George of living in the past anyway.
You can't go back whether it's the Cuba, whether it's the Detroit, wherever it was.
Forget about it.
And if America is so great that this could ought to be here, then what are you all bitching
about a free Cuba for?
Who now gives a crap?
Let's get on with our lives.
And your relatives down there keep sending them your pesos and whatever you got and do
the best you can.
And we got to move on with life.
Can that happen in this community?
No.
No.
And it's really sad to see.
I mean, when the kids get out of school later on, you have to do them.
Then you start seeing some of the younger faces, some of the teenage kids and the young
punks there and a couple of young girls are in the paper here.
You know, they bring the grandchildren, the great grandchildren out there and they put
them around.
And of course, for a lot of the kids, it's just like another party in the street.
And excuse the lot and make a lot of noise.
It's like the 4th of July.
And another excuse for the red next to the truck and shoot their guns up and eat.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
How are you?
Great.
I've been taking the subject for a long time.
Sure.
I don't want to talk about just the kid anymore.
I'm feeling great.
I hear you have IBS.
Yes.
So do I.
For many, many years.
You know what?
I was cured.
No dairy product.
That's what I've cut out.
No dairy.
I feel great.
Me too.
I lost 20 pounds and three months.
My best suggestion is cut the cheese.
Oh, I'm a cheese man.
And I love cheese.
That's my problem.
I eat cheese with everything.
And now that I've cut the cheese, I feel great.
Just think you're to bed, right?
Right.
I love cheese.
I love you, Nea.
I'm going to talk to you.
Hang in there, sweetheart.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, cut the cheese.
And that's one of the things in the 85 books I've been given about IBS.
And thank you all very much.
When you check out the diet, the things that are irritating your cookies, you have to
try.
Like for a week or two, you cut out this, you cut out that.
And then when you feel a lot better, you realize that you can't go back to that cheese.
I'm kind of a doll's guy myself.
Remember what I used to say about dolls?
Even the receipts they were covered with cheese.
I love them.
Do I ever eat a doll's grill on federal?
Is it still there?
I don't even know if it's still there.
No, no.
It's something else.
It used to be one year ago in Kendall and there was that one.
But dolls was good, but the problem was everything had cheese on it.
Even if it didn't get a chocolate milkshake or that cheese.
And yeah, everything was with cheese.
The waiters and waitresses, you have to like cheese, they were cheese heads.
Which I love dolls, but it was like cheese heaven.
I mean, you can just feel the clog in your arteries after you wait there.
And of course, never having been a milk drinker.
So I guess I better start taking calcium supplements on.
Is that the only thing I'm low on?
I start getting that calcium level up there.
I'm going to be dangerous.
I got about another 35 pounds to lose an eye guarantee you.
I'll look, you won't be able to tell me five, nine, exact height.
I'll look just like Ray Whitney.
What?
A little bit older.
Like a slightly older version of my good close friend Ray Whitney.
That's me.
Here's a lady, mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, first time I've ever called you, but I've listened for a long time.
OK.
And I thought that last man, what he had to say was so smart.
He was great.
Yeah, he was good.
And the only thing I can say add to this is that I don't know.
I thought I was home for yesterday and felt like a hostage to the story, because I just
wanted to watch my property.
Poor baby.
Can you imagine?
Oh, it's home.
How do you do is want to watch your favorite shows?
You don't get to begin with.
And then they subject you to this like, what do you want or not?
Here's what you're going to eat.
That's for sure.
And so you know what?
I don't know if it does any good, but you know what you can do?
You can call the TV stations and tell them what you think.
And at least it makes you feel bad.
I can come right on the air every day and tell them what I think.
How are you going to get an advantage?
Well, you're lucky, but we don't have that opportunity.
So I call them and I tell them I think they're terrible.
Very responsible, ridiculous, embarrassing, and all the other adjectives.
Right.
And tell them to quit.
Tell them to quit.
They're speculating while they're at it, too, by the way.
Oh, and so one side, it's terrible, just ridiculous.
OK.
Good luck to us, we learned.
Thanks.
You'll better.
Bye.
OK.
Somebody faxes me again.
The schedule here for National Airlines 2 and from today was the first day, by the way.
Let's talk about something positive.
I mentioned it yesterday.
Today is the first day for the Vegas National Airlines 2 and from the major markets in
Miami.
But today is the first day for the Miami in Vegas.
Miami to Vegas 815 in the morning gets to 1025 in the morning.
These are nonstop direct flights from MI8 to Vegas.
Let's go right now.
Come on.
Thanks for going this weekend.
I heard him say that yesterday.
For free.
And why the hell not?
Nice going, Air Humber.
And then we got all of you don't like the morning flight.
You can go 940 at night.
You get there 1150 pm Vegas time.
Now let me figure out how long these flights are because these are 757s.
1025.
1025 is 125.
OK.
So if you figure they always factor in about a half an hour extra.
So 845 is 9 is 4.
Yeah, that's about right.
440.
That's perfect.
As opposed to the old America worst flights out there used to take like 400 hours to get
out there.
Yeah.
And sometimes the the durable will get tired of spinning around that thing in the engines
would slow down.
This is great.
And let's see.
Coming back from Vegas 1250 pm to 830 in the morning.
That's a red eye.
I don't know.
That's that's a that's a the afternoon.
Well, I'm sorry.
The red eye is 1050 at night and gets back 630 in the morning.
Not too crazy about red eye or pink eye to be honest with you.
The 1250 and F noon gets back 830 night.
What's wrong with that?
Sounds real good to me.
I'm holding on to this.
I'm going to call my good buddy Dick over there at National Airlines.
Hook up a thing.
Check out their airline.
Go back to Vegas.
Drop another couple of grand and have a hell of a good time.
I got my machine waiting for me at the MGM grand.
I'm not telling you which machine.
But I want 300 on the first time 300 the second time and if I played it three times and
500 on the third time.
1100 bucks.
Why the hell did I just stay there and play that one machine instead of going around?
Well, actually, I would have had a good I would have won somebody in Vegas this last
time but I went in the Paris and the Mandalay Bay to see them.
And when you go to a new place, if you're smart you gamble in a new place.
No, because they got like that guy with a vacuum cleaner.
They were going to suck the money out of your wallet to get their construction costs back.
But of course you see the machines and whatever and you know, got to try it out.
When did that try it out?
Longing fifty dollars.
Yeah.
The Paris is just unbelievable.
Moving sidewalks carry you all in and everything.
They do?
Who said that?
All I'm thinking of the Venetian.
I haven't been in the Venetian.
They have moving sidewalks.
Yeah, to get in, it takes you 20 minutes to get in riding on these moving sidewalks.
Yeah, but it's like the Roots Motel.
It gets you in but you can't get out.
That's about the opposite of the Roots Motel.
But at any rate, the Paris you go in and it's got like a like a twilight sky overhead.
So you feel like you're outside and there are just dozens and dozens of shops and restaurants
and just beautiful.
And then you keep walking back into these fake trees.
And then there's all the machines, slot machines and tables and all the cannellics of it.
And you feel like you're outside.
It's an unbelievable.
It's the best place of all.
I mean, as far as looks by far, you still stayed in MGM.
Oh, I love the MGM.
Would you stay at Paris?
No.
You want to know why?
Because you know, one good thing about MGM, even if you're losing your ass, you just keep
looking around because all the beautiful people are at the MGM.
I have never seriously have in all over the world.
I've never seen so many beautiful looking people in my life as the people in the casino
with the MGM.
Where are those people come from?
Asia.
No, no, I'm not talking about the gooks.
I'm talking about, I didn't see that many this time, by the way.
No, I'm talking about real red blooded hot blooded Americans.
That's the first place people think about when they think of maybe behind Caesars.
What?
When they think of Vegas.
Is the MGM grand?
When I talk to people.
Really?
Good, the first place they say, yeah, but don't start crowding that place out too much.
And got junior suites that were huge gigantic rooms phenomenal.
So what more could you want?
MGM grand, let's hop on at National Airlines to go to Vegas.
What do you say?
Oh!
And by the way, we have the real story, I don't know, they're so obsessed and in love with
the baby alien.
Somebody faxed it to me, but I don't want to put it on here yet.
All I can do is say, I'm impressed.
Eight minutes before 1 at 5.
Sixty WQIM.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Anyhow, you doing great.
I'm calling about the spectacular that's going on down in Miami.
Yes, sir, it sure is.
I've got a great idea to solve the whole dilemma.
Okay.
Ready?
Two steps.
Number one, we keep the kid.
And number two, we send all the professional sticks back to Cuba and let them fight it out
with the kids.
Now, I just want to say that first thing is important.
That's what I said.
Yeah.
Make them make a swap.
Yep, definitely.
I think that would be a great deal.
They're with them too.
And Ilya and Ilya Rodriguez send them in the package deal.
They got one other thing for you.
You know, you could picture it too.
I've heard you talk about problems with cholesterol and things like that and all these
statin drugs that people are taking now.
They all have some very, very serious side effects.
Like liver disease, liver damage.
You turn me on to the book by Dr. McCulley.
I'd like to turn you on to something.
There's an herb.
An Ayurvedic herb.
It's called G-U-G-U-L.
You can get it in health food stores.
It's not expensive.
I've taken it for a month.
My cholesterol has come down 15%.
Wow.
No side effects.
I hope you're taking a CQ-10, too, by the way.
I am.
CQ-10 is great.
I am.
I'm taking that as well.
One of the best things for your heart, you can take it your pulse way down and it's done
miracles for me.
But you know, there aren't drug companies out there to bribe the doctors to prescribe
this stuff.
So a lot of people don't know about it.
Yeah.
You know, I am this down.
Dr. Ruddick, my new doctor, a polycop is a good guy, but he believes in that the
Pravakol stuff and he put me back on it for a while and it made me sicker than hell.
I just don't believe it.
I just don't believe it and I went back and I reread that Kilmer McCulley book and he's
right on target.
And I know he's on target because the thing about the homocysteine and the folic acid
worked like a charm.
I mean, I have medical evidence to prove that he's not full of crap.
He knows what he's talking about.
And so I wouldn't take the Pravakol again, no matter how much that they paid me to
take it, I wouldn't do it.
Well, another good way to lower your homocysteine is to give blood.
Yeah.
Give blood about once every three, four months.
My homocysteine went down from 16 to eight in a couple of months.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
There's another thing as well that you can take to help lower your blood pressure.
Yeah.
It's an herb.
It's called Colious CoL.
Colious?
No, Colious.
Yeah.
Not Colun.
The Colious for Scolious.
Colious for Scolious?
Right.
No us on the end.
Yeah.
Colious for Scolious.
And that's also available in health food.
You say for the pirates?
For the blood pressure.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Thanks, pal.
Take care, Neil.
I'm going to introduce you to.
What do you say?
I want to keep keeping on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Well, I had my finger with like this, you know, and like I'm a daughter and you know, I was like this.
Well, hey, listen, you know, I'm not perfect.
Even I make a mistake once in a while.
Oh, God.
Coming in some days with this crappy phone system.
I noticed bluff didn't come in here and cry today when they a phone got all screwed up.
That was a nice go on air bluff.
You can't do anything anyway.
I feel sorry for him.
I really feel sorry for him because he knows he's an important guy.
The guy that preceded him Andrews Asson would.
He tried to do a couple things and they booted his ass out of here in a heartbeat.
So bluff sits in here, makes up these schedules and keeps his nose clean.
Right.
We used to have a program directly other place to kept his nose clean, but I guess it was a little bit different.
Four minutes before one at 5, 60, WQM.
Oh, WQM.
I had a good father day.
What's up, I'm 2 to 2, I have a good father day.
What's up, I'm 2 to 2, I have a good father day.
Hi, baby.
Hey, kids, you want to bring excitement to your breakfast table?
We'll fire up your taste buds with a hit of sugar crack.
Sugar crack?
Yeah!
Yeah!
Make sugar crack apart with your balance side.
Once you try sugar crack, you'll never go back.
One bowl of sugar crack will have you flying through the day.
We did it!
It gets wet, kids.
Each box of sugar crack comes with a surprise tour.
In my box of sugar crack, I got a toy gun.
Sugar crack is only available through a guy named Leroy, down on Main Street.
You'll get your sugar crack today and start your day with a hit of sugar crack.
All right, yeah!
Sugar crack is get tested and mother approved.
Sugar crack is get tested and mother approved.
Sugar crack is get tested and mother approved.
It's 1 o'clock at 5.60 W.C.M.
So here's some very bad news, by the way.
We just got bad news.
Remember, I told you about the megabucks, the jackpot out there in Vegas being like well over 30
one million when we were out there.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Some old bitch just won it for 35 million at the desert in.
Some old bag.
Oh!
Some rinkled up old bitch who probably we dead in six months.
Just one 35 million.
You know what?
I keep thinking because it's the three megabucks symbols that have to come up on the middle line,
on the play line.
And one time, the first one came up on the first line, which you don't see those very much at all.
And then the other two came up on the top line.
So there were all three in front of me.
And no, and what goes through your mind is what happens if you did win it.
In other words, would you have a heart attack and croak right there in a spot and fall on the floor dead in which case the 31 million wouldn't do you any good?
You know what I'm saying?
You're thinking, how would I react?
How about I even react if the first two came up?
You know what I'm saying?
Like, ah!
Like that with my luck.
But they didn't, goddammit.
I'd like to find out.
So some old bag wins 35 million at the desert.
See that's in Vegas.
We sure don't want to go there.
Do we have a good time?
Mother's scratch and redneck and Bible, something state that we live in butch a Yahoo's.
And that bush moisture up there.
Fony fascist up in Tallahassee.
And Bobby Butterworth and other Fony piece of crap.
See, you only live so long and you should be able to have a good time.
That's part of the DNH philosophy.
You only live so long you should be able to have a good time.
And as long as you don't step on anybody else's toes, harm anybody else, why the hell not?
You know, the anti-Cocino gambling argument is just like the pro-ohibition argument with booze.
Same thing.
Oh, well, some people are compulsive gamblers.
Some people are compulsive drinkers.
Some people are compulsive sugar readers.
Some people are compulsive assholes.
I mean, you know, we just can't pee on everybody else's life because there are some people who got problems.
You do your best to help those people, but the overwhelming majority of people should have the rights to do whatever they want.
Which means having a good time.
Having a good effing time.
I understand that's revolutionary in this town.
The idea of having a good time in this town is going out there with a flag of some coming to this country and waving it around and screaming and yelling, carrying on.
Like that.
Let me say it again. Rich Sanchez ought to be suspended.
Federal government ought to be looking at that.
Here's the man who's trying to interfere in a meeting being arranged and conducted by the guy named Federal government by an agency, the International Immigration Naturalization Service.
And this man is attempting to stick his big goddamn nose in it.
And believe me, there's enough crap on that nose already.
So the crap he's been into.
How's Alps Santegro doing, by the way, Rick?
You phony piece of turd.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, no.
Yes, sir.
I guess if I won the 35 million, the best thing I could be doing is we're in a pair of the pens.
Uh-huh.
But, you know, there's a really addressed aspect of that.
Not a bad idea.
Yeah.
A really addressed aspect of this thing going on down on Miami that people need to look at is.
What is that?
How the parents would feel?
I mean, if they're for whatever reason, if they're five-year-old son or daughter, I'm a parent.
I don't know how many other parents are out there listening and they're up in another country, especially Cuba.
And they were brainwashed.
And that government wanted to make that child a citizen of that country.
How do you think that father would feel?
No, I would be human.
Right.
I would do everything I could in any way can to get to that country.
Right.
And that's where four of us were in the next pair.
The people would say, well, the father.
The people would say the father isn't coming here to get him.
Obviously, the father is not being allowed to come here.
No, he's not.
The question about that, he's not free.
The professor knows he'd stay here, but that's a different talk show.
And, wow, he's not allowed.
I'm not so sure about that because don't forget, he's got a new wife and other kids back home and other relatives.
So I'm not so sure he would or not.
You know, the mom gave up her life and that's a terrible thing.
And there's nothing that could be done to reverse that.
That's over and done with.
The kid needs to go back to his father and enough of this stuff.
You know, everyone that's saying the kids you stay, the kids you stay, do they have kids?
These people that are opening up their mouth?
That's enough.
I hope the kids are better than theirs are.
If they do, I hope the kids need their better than theirs are.
That's all I got to say.
I'm going to get drunk and shoot my gun.
Thanks.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
There by the way is the sign of the 4th of July.
In America, from coast to coast.
Yeah, see one thing about going to a hockey game, there's no tailgate parties.
I've told you that before.
That's why a lot of these drunks down here.
They can't relate to that.
No tailgate parties, man.
Here's the lady in Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hi.
About what's coming to shore with two clas illegal aliens.
I have two words for you.
Plemus Rock.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
She's about to come to shore with a book full of illegal aliens.
And she has two words.
Plemus Rock rhymes with flock.
I mean, what does that mean?
Anybody know what?
No.
I love lady people like you that call and you're hitting her on.
You make some inane statement like that.
And then that's it.
Plemus Rock has got nothing to do with what's going on right now.
We have laws.
We have immigration policy.
Tell us Plemus Rock got to do that.
How about two other words?
St. Louis.
How about those words?
For that ship that they turned around with the Jews on it?
See, we don't live in a world of cliches, lady.
Maybe you do.
Maybe you're too stupid to understand to reason these things out.
We don't live in a world of cliches.
cliches don't mean crap except for people with very, very weak minds.
God bless America.
Come on.
Not everybody is singing out.
Come on.
What do you say?
No.
Okay.
Here's a mobile and four Myers.
Hello.
Yeah, me.
I tell you, we don't get as much of this alien shmit over here.
Don't worry about that.
Believe me, it thinks like hell.
You wouldn't want it.
Yeah.
Well, I'm still getting tired of watching these political horrors and the media horrors.
Just trying to climb all over each other trying to see who can stick it in the furthest.
Right.
You know, at least the ones over in Canal Street were somewhat forward about what they wanted to do.
Right.
It's just a prison contest, man.
It's all it is.
Yeah.
And it's really getting old.
It's a pre-force, man.
I'll play for you.
Okay.
Appreciate it.
Have a great day.
They're praying for us on a West Coast.
They're on their knees.
Pran or whatever they're doing on their knees.
What's that West Coast number?
The out of town line.
We get a lot of great calls from four Myers.
They're kind of like laughing at us.
877-785-6345.
877-775-635-635-635-635.
I got that beastly, a stock thing to my house yesterday.
That's what I did.
I opened it up and looked at it with the wrong address on it.
With my name spelled wrong.
Spelt wrong.
I mean, these people are dangerous.
They're really dangerous.
Irritable bowel syndrome.
I mean, talk about.
I am and many of you have it.
It's the second leading reason for absentee is next to the common cold.
IBS is the leading cause of absentee from the workplace in the US of A.
So millions and millions of people suffer from it at various times.
Sometimes for long periods of time.
Diet, which you can change.
And stress, which you can't always change.
Stress.
Which sounds like the basis for a tremendous lawsuit.
Oh, no, Greg, it's a lawsuit again.
Yeah, give him something to do in there.
Okay, he hasn't had nothing to do lately.
And Greg's out of town on vacation, of course.
Like, Aerosmith says on permanent vacation.
Yeah, he comes to me yesterday, Bluffs.
So, you know, Greg's out of vacation.
I said, does it really make a difference?
I mean, is there anything different that's going to happen because of that?
No.
No.
He's on vacation.
Eight minutes after one at 560 WQAM.
The panthers and fighters take through the ice again.
And this time up in Pillar tonight.
Join the new voice of the panthers, Tricks McDonald and Randy Mueller for the action.
Oh, you know where that one went.
Panthers preview, start set seven.
Here on Swartz Radio 516 QA.
Holy Makinon, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal, God.
My name is David.
You can call me Barrio.
And you style to my hair.
And like leather everywhere, I could dance the songs.
And do the rounds.
So, why do you feel your star?
He's more popular by far than Panthers.
And by yours.
And move to Mexico.
Now, one thing is my new song on the radio.
In the coffin.
All right.
Oh.
I'm just like Mickey Martin.
It's a go.
Go.
I'm a him shaking.
One 13 at 560 W.
Anyway, let me hats off a special salute to the QAM sales managers and our whole operation here.
Great job.
Not Ray Perry, screw in.
Of course, our program director was busy in there with his head in his hands.
John Penis has been gone for like two weeks.
And 90% of the live accounts on this show is anybody giving me a list of like whose hand in those accounts now?
No.
Do I have any idea when the people bring me copy for a fan of accounts are coming out of their field?
Do I have names of A.E.s of sales people on them?
So I know who we're doing with.
No.
See, one thing I've noticed about Peter Leonard, he's becoming like the new fat boy.
He just makes stuff up as he goes along.
You know what I'm talking about?
They just make stuff which I'm sure you encountered with that grotesque job that you said, no, thank you to.
I mean dealing with the sales people on a regular basis in this building is a fate much worse than that.
They're not even close.
5.6.705.60, 05.5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Okay, nice talking to you, sweetheart.
28 minutes in one second.
She waited on there and she's gone.
Thanks for waiting, bitch.
I mean, man.
5.6.705.60, 05.5.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
Look, I get a thank you.
I've only been listening a few weeks, but you're doing a great service telling the truth, having the courage to tell the truth about what's happening here.
Yes.
They say that this kid has no future if he goes back to Cuba.
Why not?
Well, you've already pointed out he's advanced educationally.
Right.
They had to move them up.
He's got a lovely back.
He's going to be a hero.
There would be, there are already hundreds of thousands of people wearing t-shirts with his push on the cover.
Bill Boards, he's already got more publicity than I've ever gotten in this town.
I'll tell you that.
Right.
They have to be very sure of the range, right?
When they put him in school.
Right.
And what about his health?
How many kids American kids?
These fat, sloped kids we got that are spoiled by watching TV all day.
They need junk food.
Right.
How long would they last out of the house?
Well, he's down there and he also very little chance he's going to get shot in school.
How long would they have left on the inner tube out in the ocean?
I beg your pardon?
How long would our kids last on the inner tube out in the ocean?
Well, I don't know, but maybe let's try this weekend to find out.
I can think of some of them, especially the ones that the kids that kick people in the back of the head.
Let's give it a shot this weekend and see how long we can last out there.
See if they match up or not.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the mobile and coke at a creek.
You knew how you doing today.
Great.
You had the game last night?
Yes, I was.
Okay, amazing.
That's the least I could say.
I was real shocked about that goal at the end.
Of course, it wasn't amazing.
It was unacceptable.
It's grotesque and unacceptable.
It's just the idiotic and he ought to be sit down for a bunch of games and maybe put on a trading block.
Spell us an impediment to this team.
Yeah, I mean, I never said anything like what were they trying to do?
They were just like killed by ice to popcorn.
What were they trying to do?
Just killed the other guy?
It's not day.
It's he.
It's Robert Spaylin.
Number 24, it's he.
Not day.
He has to take the responsibility.
He had possession of it.
There's four seconds left in the clock.
You take it behind you net.
You dittle around with it a little bit.
You look up there and a clock runs out and you go it over time and you take the sure point and then you try to win an overtime.
You don't dittle around with it and have it your pocket pick and have alias walking there and stick it in the net.
Just the dumbest thing I've ever seen in sports.
But you would say that Bernan played an outrageously great game.
Very good and Brodera led in a couple of soft goals.
I thought we really had a good chance to win it.
I think Brodera played up to snuff.
Yeah, it was just amazing.
When you looked at the devil's, I mean, the sense of their number one team and we're a number one team.
And it's just like, you know, I thought it would be more action than the game.
I mean, not that it was a small game.
Well, the New Jersey doesn't play that style.
They play a trapping in.
It's not going to be more action.
That's the way they play.
They love you to sleep.
That's their style.
It's part of all the good young players they got.
That's the way they do it.
Exactly.
I just want one question that you might know the answer to.
How many more times do we play New Jersey?
Well, that's the first time we played him.
So I'm assuming what is it?
Four times a year we play him in the same conference.
So three more, I guess.
Three more.
Okay.
It would be, I guess, in February, March and April, right?
And whatever the words left in the season.
Very good.
Excellent deduction, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot.
Now probably in July and August.
Don't you think?
July, August, maybe September.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot, 5, 60.
The moon, the moon, the moon on the AT&T wireless line opened the line on the out of town line.
877-785-6345.
What were they trying to do?
It's not what they were trying to do.
It's what one asshole was doing.
Not trying to do what he was doing, the unacceptable.
And I'll say it again.
There are five guys on his team.
I'd like to see.
I'd like to wake up tomorrow and find them in some of the uniforms.
I wish them all a lucky day world.
I'll pack them a sandwich.
Mike Wilson, Robert Spailup, Peter Wilrell, Robbie Needemire, and Oleg Kavasha.
Those five useless bodies and uniforms on this team.
Very good team we got.
Doing great.
Not getting anywhere to support.
They should, which we've already, we're not going to change that.
Nothing I can do.
But those five guys to me are wasted spots on that roster.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Charlie?
Good.
You're feeling better.
Great.
Just a change.
Here's a little bit.
The real problem in Miami is not, you know, about the kid and the whole thing.
I think what people are looking is a problem with the airport, with the new tower.
The problem there is that the engineers try to get the plans through according to the South Florida Building Code, which requires those columns and stuff.
What they didn't realize is that the air traffic controllers couldn't see because of those stupid towers.
I mean, the stupid columns.
I worked for an architecture company and now they're looking to make more money off of that because of change orders and, you know, now they've got to tear it down or see what they could do.
That's going to cost the county taxpayers a few more million dollars.
No problem. No problem.
About $21 million.
Maybe, in fact, maybe, you know, the judges that keep getting all these money for their campaigns and everything.
Maybe we can call Mr. Goody-Ares and Mr. Sanchez. I'll come up with some money for it.
The lobby says we're really what's tearing apart this county.
Right.
Also on another thing, it doesn't matter where you're from or I'm from, you know, my parents are anything.
I'm just human.
Arguments can be made on both sides about this child thing.
You know, leave him here because it got an opportunity to come there because he's with his father.
Personally, I'd rather see him here, but realistically, I believe that he should go with his father because if I'm down to my last being and I have to split it with my son, I'd rather split it with my son and know that he's over here with some distant relative.
You don't have to worry about him being with his last being.
Believe me, if this kid goes back, that whole family will be very well taken care of.
And you know something that's one of the things that the schleppers over here down there with a bad teeth.
That's what they're worried about.
Yeah.
Because they don't care about the kid on either side.
All they care about is who's going to win.
Is it the evil empire or us?
Because I was discussing with my parents last night and they said, it's like if they set me through some distant cousins, we have in New York that you've never seen.
You've only heard his name mentioned three or four times.
Right.
And then now, oh, they're the great family and everything.
Not that they're not loving or holding up a plane ticket while they were saying this or?
Oh, no.
Where's the wood?
Okay, pal.
Also, last thing, they're also saying that they shouldn't turn this kid into a political thing.
But as soon as they got his subpoena, the first thing they did was parade him around the yard holding up the subpoena.
Right.
So don't send it back for it.
So he won't be a political figure there.
But look what he's doing.
And then the Logan ponies show that they want to hear it.
Keep this in mind.
They knew that there wasn't going to be any dinner Monday night.
And they still went through and they made you cooperate with them.
And they went through this whole charade.
And they went through the song and a dance about the great meal they prepared.
And they got them all dressed up waiting with his little brownie camera.
He bought a camera.
They went through this whole charade orchestrating for the media.
And they've got the goal to talk about how Fidelis Orca is is pulling his strings on the grandmothers.
That's probably the best word is a charade.
That's amazing what they have going.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
You do.
Both sides are equally fullish mid.
How do you like that?
They're both fullish mid.
Just put politics.
And some of the people in Congress are saying, well, it's really a shame we're making this kid into a political football.
It's a tug of war.
Well, then why did you do something about and cut the crap?
Like Chris Doddler.
I like Chris.
I like Chris Dodd.
Good liberal boy from New England there.
That's going Chris.
Yeah, he introduces a bill that he wasn't even put it out there, but he's going to introduce a bill to send it back.
Put him in a custody of his father.
And he says that if Connie Mack comes up with the other bill, then he'll introduce his bill so they can tie it all up, which they do very well up there and just keep it in limbo.
They said they wanted his day in court.
But of course, if the Congress should pass along, make it a miscitizen.
Will they turn that down?
No. All these lawyers in hot shots, of course not.
They don't want their day in court. They want their way, period.
They don't want what's fair. What's right? They want their way.
That's it.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I'm calling about irritable bowel syndrome.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much.
I think it's the biggest joke in the world.
I can tell you every time every every every time that I get irritable bowel syndrome,
that's where I have about 12 donuts, greasy burger, and start worrying about how I'm going to pay my bills.
So if you have irritable bowel syndrome?
I was so excited.
Jokey, that was your saying. I didn't think it was very funny. I had it for like five weeks.
I didn't find it amusing at all.
Why, what were you doing to prevent it from happening?
I didn't, I wasn't doing anything in preventative because I didn't know what it was.
I was going for every test that's ever been invented.
I didn't know what it was.
I didn't know if I had a 20 pound tumor in my stomach. I didn't know.
What was your diet at the time?
Crap.
Okay.
And I got rid of the crap and I got rid of the stress of not knowing what it is.
Now, if you're a lot better, how do you like that?
But for you to say it's a joke, I don't know what you mean by that.
I mean, that's exactly what it's tied to.
Whatever you've got is what you're going to get out.
I didn't stress that is absolutely correct. So cut the crap, right? Thank you.
If you've got it, it's not funny. Believe me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line for the free world. Can you hear us in the free world?
No.
Are we being communicating with the outside world now?
No.
Now they're busy watching CNN and that little kid on there.
877-785-60-345. That's our toll free number for anywhere.
877-785-6345.
Here's a mobile in Pompeno. Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good.
You know, we all know you're sent you to the national.
You know, this is a place to go to that.
I mean, this guy ever since he got spits,
was created a big emotional, I was having my life.
Yeah, well, he's in the sports and he's the lightweight
and get your phone at work and I'll talk to you sometimes, sir.
Your phone is crap. I'm sorry about that.
Yeah, Tony. All I will say is Tony had to head that Ramon Salos
Sanchez in the studio with him yesterday because I was flipping all over the channels naturally.
And Tony did make a rather feeble attempt to correct some of the things he was saying
or put them on a spot.
A little bit feeble, but for Tony was pretty, Tony said,
yeah, you're right. He's a marshmallow.
The big one with this sports nerd turned news guy.
This town is famous for that.
Anybody remember Cambell Martian?
Yeah, another weather guy or sports guy turned news guy.
Like Brian Norcross, Star Cross.
We kind of think he's anchoring the news anymore.
Is he?
No.
Good.
The rank when him and believe me, they need to.
But I don't think he's a, I mean, this is one of the few markets where the guy that does the sports
and a couple of weeks later is doing the news.
Then he's giving you the stock market report.
Then he's waving his arms like Al sunshine.
I don't get it.
I just don't get it.
Huh?
Sports is obviously the most important thing.
Well, if it's the most important thing, then why did Tony cigarette will leave it behind and then become a news dude?
Because if you know your sports, you know everything.
Oh, I see. That's right.
And then of course, Tony kept sticking his nose in the sports department.
Boy, they hate him like toys know over there, by the way.
Probably Joe or little Joe in the morning wouldn't put that little dog,
but they hate him like toys and Jennifer sloppy,
but I'll be too.
And don't forget when they have that new building finished in Miramar,
they want to be picked up in the limo every day and brought to him and fro and from work.
Yeah, they're superstars.
Tony and the.
And what's your face?
What's your push?
Yeah, you looking at me like you can't believe that.
They want to be picked up in a limousine and brought to work and take it home every day.
Because they're Schmidt don't stink man.
And he went to you of them.
Which tells you everything you don't know.
26 after one at five sixty WQM look.
QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning said fix with Chocostello right here on sports radio five sixty QA.
Water spots not good. It's great.
There was in no farmer who lived on a rock.
He's had in the middle just shaking his pants at some boys who were down by the crick.
There be in the water there and on their marbles and clay things and at half past four.
There came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rock bulls and leases and white fluffy dough.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rescue sand litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow.
Down by the dot he looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he had her fun lightly she'd show him her next opette dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter, Scott.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her show.
Oh, if you think this is dirty, you can go yourself.
131 at 560 WQM.
Here's the fact that the C-SPAN is currently debating the early on thing live.
Ilyana Rosanna-Dena was first with her usual speech but surprisingly Peter Deutsche,
a Democrat from somewhere in Florida.
He's from I expect Miami says supports her.
No, he's from why doesn't Congress just bypass a Leon citizenship by off and declare Cuba the 51st date?
It says, sped up within for can't stop listening.
It's a fact from fart Myers.
All right.
Nice going over there in fart Myers.
560.560.560 on the 18t wireless line.
That's our toll free number here today.
We got Hank Goldberg in Atlanta.
Maybe you'll find somebody else's rectum just the way he kissed all over that obnoxious feral on a radio.
Oh, that was Hank. I'm sorry.
That was.
Oh, God.
Why did he do that?
Is there a special reason he needed that?
I do that.
That's for real on the radio.
Just the scrap.
I did that on like Kavasha making plays.
Ilya is playing me the playmaking of old Kavasha.
Don't be like saying the heads up play of Robert Svela after last night's game.
Nice going, feral.
For whatever you know, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't say, feral.
That's rumors wife.
Sorry, feral.
What's seriously it is that rumors wife saying that I wanted to heard.
I see I want to do.
Sorry, feral.
Here's Miami. Hello.
She's got a better voice than that guy.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got two quick comments.
Go right ahead.
They said like a couple of days ago you didn't want to talk about this alien thing.
I would you want to talk about a Monday because there was nothing going on since obviously we've been indedated and this is what's happening in the community.
I am talking about it, sir.
Oh, let me ask you.
Now let me ask you.
Do you want to talk about something or do you want to tell me what I should be talking about?
You even noticed that?
Yeah, huh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
Hey, I hope you and your boyfriend have a good time at the old circle jerk around 6 o'clock tonight pal.
You know what I'm saying?
Squirt, Squirt.
Get yourself a grip.
Oh, you already have.
Same little Julio is playing with each other, rubbing themselves raw.
Have a great time, kid.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Very well.
Let me just give you a little quick account of objective Cuban history here because some of your
colleges are really being very impartial.
First of all, in cash with the Cobra Cuba, he took over a country that has the most advanced economy in Latin America.
Most what?
Advanced economy.
Yeah.
Has the Murray that was the last?
Was it a democracy?
Well, let me get to that.
It's not like that's a simple question.
Was it a democracy?
No, it was not.
It was not a democracy.
It was not a democracy.
I'm talking about the economic indicators at that time.
I'll get into the political indicators at a quick moment.
It had the lowest on the last in America.
It's a follower.
It's Tesla.
Hello.
$10.
$10.
Sir, call me back.
He's going to accuse me hanging up because I don't want to hear what he says.
It's for your phone is no good.
And if you turn up the radio, you'll hear.
Then I can't understand.
If you get a file, a cell that works or a phone.
Maybe the cell phone that they had over there in the house yesterday.
A gene in Laughin's house.
Maybe the ones that the nuns intercepted.
Maybe the one that you call back on the line that works that I can understand.
You can put you on here, but I can't put you on here when you're going to live.
I can't understand what you're saying.
In addition to which to be honest with you, I don't want to hear about Cuban history.
We don't care.
We're not interested in Cuban history or Chinese history or you were a Slavic history.
I'm not interested.
This situation is a custody battle.
It's not about Cuban history.
The people in this community have been proud beaten with Cubanness and Cuban.
That until it's coming out of our goddamn years.
Okay.
No one, I'm not going to waste my time hearing a history lesson.
The fact is that Batista was a fascist dictator.
And like it's been pointed out, a lot of the people who were here screaming now were behind Castro in the first place because he thought he was their guy.
He's our dictator.
Okay.
The turn comes to find out he wasn't coming east to come and east.
But that's 40 years ago.
I'm not going to live in the past.
I'm not going to live 40 years ago.
I don't want to hear about the pilgrims in Plymouth Rock.
About all that crap.
Boring.
It's terminal.
People who live in the past are just, they're wasted time.
Let's live in the present.
5, 6, 7, 05.
05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Neil, don't yell at me.
Please.
Why not?
I was the one that suggested the boycott.
Don't yell at me.
Don't yell at me.
Did you call already today?
Yes, sir.
Well, yes, I don't have to know.
Forget it.
Get out of here.
She was the one that was hawking the electronic yesterday about boycott and coyote.
You're a silly person lady.
You're a silly person.
You're silly goose.
Once a king always a king, but don't ever call me again.
Okay.
877-785-6345 is the number on the AT&T line.
See, some of you who think you've got these great profound ideas.
If you say it once and maybe it is profound or you say it's a bunch of crap.
If you say it again, it's still going to either be profound or it's going to be a bunch of crap.
We heard it.
We heard it yesterday.
And it was just as religious yesterday as it would have been today.
Boycott this.
Okay, honey.
You got on my face.
But I didn't shout.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hi, Neil.
This is Quon from Green Acres.
Two things.
Green Acres is all right.
Green Acres is all right.
Pardon?
I said, how are you doing?
Good.
First thing I really need to do, help on the name of that herb for the blood pressure before I get to...
Oh boy.
The herb for the blood pressure was called tolius for scoli.
How do you spell it?
Co-L-E-U-S.
Co-L-E-U-S.
F-O-R-S-C-O-L-I.
F-O-R-S-C-O-I.
Right.
Okay.
That sounds a little like E-coli.
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I laid out a beach for three hours on a very overcast day down here.
We got a sunburn.
That's it.
We're going to a crisp.
This kid was out there for two days.
He stayed awake for two days.
He didn't fall through the hole in the tube.
Well, let me ask you this.
Since everybody else in the boat died, I mean, where did he come from?
He just dropped his head.
Is some kind of scam.
The guys that picked him up, the guys that found him something.
Something's wrong.
It doesn't...
Well, I could have been a scam for what purpose?
I have no idea.
Okay, well, when you figure it out, call me back.
Okay, with your four scoli...
Yeah.
Let's get the Colombo on the case.
What do you say, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I have to be here in a half hour, Colombo.
Keep an eye out for him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
On the 18th, the wireless line.
Oh, God.
These people, like I said, get this over with.
If you're going to waste your time with crap, this is not worth wasting your time over, okay?
Let's stop with this.
Let's put a goddamn moratorium on it.
Let's bring it to a goddamn halt, please.
Oh, God damn it.
We got with the first key, Joe Rose.
Jeff DeFarris is the Gold Team.
We need more in the six.
Only on sports radio 560 QAM.
I'm bringing the chicken for you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Well, where, oh, where can her killer be?
Why don't they arrest the Ram-D?
Take some of these.
No way that these people should still be free.
I'd to be done by someone in her family.
Yeah.
Well, it's been a few years.
It's been quite a while.
They haven't got no one to trial.
They have no lease.
So they say, if I was them, I would ask okay.
No one was there except your family that night.
Something stinks there, something ain't just right.
Who are these cops?
I'd like to see.
I killed the gold.
Well, where, oh, where can her killer be?
Why don't they arrest the Ram-D?
There's no way that these people should still be free.
I'd to be done by someone in her family.
Yes.
Yeah.
144.550 W.
How's she doing by the way, John?
Did I see her this week?
No.
Damn it.
So anyway, I mentioned that they won the $35 million dollar megabucks jackpot out there in Vegas.
Damn.
Some old bag at the desert end.
Some miserable old prune face bitch won the $35 million jackpot.
You don't think she croaked on a spot to it?
Yeah.
You know, they do have the overhand cameras all over the casino, but they have special ones
on the big progressive jackpots like that so they can make sure who's playing the machine.
Because what also goes through your mind is suppose I hit it and suppose that nobody that I know is around here right now.
And suppose it's like I have another people like lurking around it and then try to push you on the way.
I say, oh no, I want a machine.
They got like four of their best friends saying, oh yeah, we were playing it.
But the good news is that the evil eye in the sky is watching down there so they cannot.
No.
Can't do it.
I'm just thinking of all the things that when I go out there next time I national airlines in a few weeks for free and I do in the next day for a few minutes.
I read a story about a kid who snuck into the scene.
You know, he's close.
He's close to the age and he played a slot and won a meal.
Yeah.
But he was underage.
Well, I remember that.
And there was a big lawsuit about it and whatever happened to be ever get the money.
I don't think so.
Well, now that would be a bitch.
If you're like 10 days away from your 21st birthday.
And I, you know, as much as I love Vegas, I got to say this.
And of course, it makes no difference what you say about casinos here because we're never going to get it anyway.
So if you're all nervous that I'm helping out the anti-Casino forces by saying this too bad.
But you go in those casinos and I'm a pretty good judge of age.
Okay.
I mean, when you're an old bag who likes young guys like I do, you have to, I mean, you can't always trust the ID.
You know, I'm a pretty good judge of age.
If somebody's like under 21, you got a pretty good idea.
I mean, there's some people who are 18.
They look maybe 22 and vice versa.
But there are people in there look like 17 and 18.
You know what I'm saying?
Who are in there playing the machines in the Ditto and around and you just have to wonder why are they doing that?
Why didn't that go on?
Go to the hard rock or don't go to the hard rock.
Yeah.
All, all, all young kids.
Like how old is, how young is two young?
How old?
The average age would be like 25, 26.
So lots of kids probably under 18, 19.
They all drive in from LA and go to Vegas.
18 or 19?
I mean, they're not supposed to be every table.
I, you know, I don't look the youngest in the world.
19, 19, 20.
Perfect.
Oh, right.
Yeah, there you go.
So where is that?
Oh, yeah, that's where I'm harming Avenue.
I know exactly where it is.
What do they call it?
Hard one.
Too bad about him, huh?
567, 0560, 0560 on the 18 and T.
Why was blind?
You know, you're right.
We had a psychological study of some of these people
who proved to be very interesting, but I'll let you handle it, please.
Not me.
Here's the mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
All right.
That's pretty funny.
Yeah.
Now, let me ask you this.
Have you tried cheeses that are hard cheeses?
That you like them?
That's all I eat.
I don't eat soft cheese like cannon beer and at the low.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't eat them.
No, that's, I think, part of my problem, dairy.
A lot of people have lactose intolerance.
Yeah, I have that too.
I don't eat them, but I can't get away with the harder cheeses.
But I don't need it.
I have no desire for cheese.
I mean, cheese is good, but it's not one of those things like banana split
that you're like, you're eating more cheese, right?
Listen, I want to ask you this.
I haven't paid attention.
I know you probably know.
Don't get all excited.
I'm not the least bit excited.
Okay, but didn't our policy...
Why don't we, like, legally hear because our policy says that if he gets here,
you're here.
Absolutely nothing to do with it because he's not an adult.
He's a minor.
And his father is the only one that can speak for him.
And because he's a minor, then his father has legal as the legal custodian of him
and he has the right to have him back.
Well, the minor's, I mean, maybe he's a flykiss over here with nobody here to get him.
Right.
I understand that, but this is a different case because he does have somebody
and he has a father and they've already gone over there and interviewed him and they've determined
that the father is a fit and loving father and he has the right to have custody
for the child and speak for him.
So this Cuban refugee act doesn't cover minors?
Not necessarily, not in this case.
Well, that's what you mean.
And I thought that the government was just like Clinton does all the time.
He doesn't like the law.
Well, what do you mean like Clinton does all the time?
You see, what you don't understand, talk about political hypocrisy,
is that the same Republicans who have done everything they're power to.
In fact, they were talking about this last night is that the people who get here
don't have real judicial recourse because of the same Republicans who are screaming and grants
and they need to keep him here and make him a citizen.
They're the ones who are anti-immigration.
So I don't know what you were talking about Clinton for.
What's he got to do with it?
I'm not anti-immigration.
But the Republican party is...
Why is it not to be party?
I think that Clinton is the worst Democrat I ever saw.
So I should have a race, April.
I'm not interested in talking with somebody that's a political animal, okay?
He's the worst Democrat I ever saw.
He's the best president in my lifetime, sir.
And you're just a professional elephant sucker, is all you are.
He's right, I didn't get agitated because he's an idiot.
It's a fact, I'm not just making it up to Republican party,
our anti-immigration, that's part of their platform.
And you know something, I happen to agree with it.
But if you just want to be a political animal, let's grab a Clint.
So in other words, just like the old Cubans,
no matter what Clinton does, you're going to damn him.
So I held with it, what's it point of talk of the year?
Plus gets what, he ain't running this time anyway, so film for a forum.
I think I'll write his name in.
It's a 10 before 2, that was excellent timing.
Nice going there near.
That was beautiful, couldn't do that again.
Nice going there, Nick.
Only one South Florida radio station has...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I mean if we had like nuclear war or something, okay, it's worth this amount of coverage or if there was like some if we had a hurricane like we've had before it's worth it
but this is a case of an immigration case and this is only part one because part two is when Ilians father comes down here and it will eventually happen
No, and you don't think so?
Castor will not let him come here, no way
We'll see, but anyhow, I just want to make a comment that I was cut off last time about that guy that studied Latin American history
Yeah, you've got to realize you've got to make a distinction between political revolution and economic revolution
The revolution that took place in Cuba was predicated on the political corruption that existed at that time
Not on the economy, the economy was as I mentioned earlier before I cut off very sound economy
Yeah, dollar was even worth more at certain in certain areas
Well, what does that have to do with this?
Well, because he was saying he had mentioned that the the Cuban said well life was better in Cuba blah blah blah
How could you have a revolution? Well, you had a revolution for political situations not economical
Yeah, that's the key screaming libertad and those old people with a rotten teeth
They don't even know what it means they never had libertad and they were here
Well, you know Cuba at that time when Castor took over was about 50 years old and I'm not making any excuses
But republics and countries take a while to develop even the United States took had a civil war approximately 90 years after its independence
Yeah, and
