10.356, you're WQ, I'm happy Thursday to it.
But what the hell is wrong with the people at Channel 6?
Are they nuts?
I have no clue.
Wow.
Page 15A in the hair of this morning.
Before we get to any other business, look at this.
Look at this ad.
Kids use it.
Here's a picture of some little shfarts here.
Adults use it.
Here's some goofy looking guy.
And here's some old bag.
Seniors use it.
Many use foul language without giving it a second thought.
But at what expense?
I have no clue.
See how profanity is affecting the workplace, the home and our society.
Tonight at 5.11 PM, Channel 6.
Is this unbelievable or what?
God.
Many use foul language without giving it a second goddamn thought.
What's a brand new phenomenon?
Many assholes, young people, adults, old people, white people, black people, Hispanic people,
Jewish people, gay people, straight people, bisexual people, troglonites use foul language
without giving it a second thought.
But at what expense?
I have no clue.
God damn it.
What kind of asshole uses foul language in the first place?
At what expense?
I'd say about 35 grand for the wannabees.
But at any rate, this is right in line with that insurality that they had in the hair
of their state, which I still don't think Hank understands my point, because he went into
a thing about the Kassas Bill and this and that.
See, I wasn't agreeing with the Bill.
The Bill is ludicrous on the face of it.
It's just a bunch of ass sucking for the people in Halea as usual by Arrobato Kassas.
It is partnering crime into Florida Senate.
That wasn't the point.
The point was the idea that the hero in the middle of their commentary on this, which
I happen to agree on their viewpoint on the Bill.
But in the middle of this is the idea that Florida, the state of Florida sanctions gambling
in any form is so unctions and so obnoxious and so unacceptable that we're all puking
in our goddamn puked bags over here at one hero plaza or whatever the hell out exactly
said.
That was my point.
You got an hopper?
That's what I was trying to point out.
That was funny.
But I think he got that eventually.
Our poll yesterday on our website, which this is going over bigger than Mary Tyler Moore,
I'll tell you that.
Nice going, Neil.
Good idea.
Neil God.
Thank you.
Are you a hockey fan?
We asked not when I asked a question.
I assume that the result would be overwhelmingly, no,
negative, which would have told inspired me to stop talking about this stuff because for
years and years I really wondered.
And every time we do a poll, we do polls on the air.
It doesn't work out because most people will not call.
They just, I was going to say for a lover money for the lot of part, no, but for the
money part they might and for free tickets, they absolutely will.
But anyway, we got 353 responses as of when I left the house this morning.
I'm sure there's probably about 400 by now if and when Eric factors me the thing which
he factors me this, but he will.
353 responded.
226, yes, that they said they are hockey fans and 127 said no.
So 64 to 36%.
Two turds roughly in the audience said they're hockey fans.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Because it inspires me to continue being able to talk about the world's greatest sport without
fearing that I'm alienating the entire audience without overdoing it because we can't afford
to piss off the other turd.
You know what I'm saying?
You turn.
The other turd of the audience that has no taste.
It likes the little ice cream and football.
Before we get into our last night's game and then the Grammys, anybody out there just
like Carlos Santana, much as I do.
What was that?
That was like a coronation last night.
Didn't I tell you yesterday morning right here on the show he was going to win everything
in sight and he did.
He, I think he even got a couple of Grammys for things he would category he was not
alienate enough.
He acts me.
I do believe so.
Like best classical composer, something like that.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
I'm saying that.
You wanted me to create a question there ever be line and I didn't want the whole thing obviously after he's watching hockey games?
But it in between I'm you know checking it out.
This is one thing about the Grammys and I saw her doing stick doing little lines.
I could.
It was a pathetic thing to work over like a pregnant poll broader and health.
No laughter.
Maybe aro Lafter.
Maybe a19 Throw2.
The 어.
I think was Jesus you're coming up with this material and they're paying you you disgusting fat bitch
You just watch these people with making millions and millions of dollars like Oprah and like this bitch this Rosie O'Donnell and judge
Julie there's another one man hating obnoxious disgusting New York stereotype bitch
I
Really think that's what it's all about. I think that these people are an outlet for the women of America who hate men
Especially that bulldoch Rosie O'Donnell and especially judge Judy and especially that the bitch dr. Laura. There's another one
Couple of years
There you go again
You got your accountant and I got the Robbie Benson, okay, so cut the crap
And when you are if I have to put my if I have to put my embarrassing people against it
Just the ones yours in this town forget about anybody outside of town
The scumbags the the rotten tooth
Disgusting grotesque so anyway speaking of Peter Warrell
I'll get into that in a second that is there a dumb or white man on the face of the earth and Denise potpan. Oh, no, he is the dumbest
Let me say it again D.F. Dumb frog look it up in that dictionary. You'll see Denise's picture right next to it in
An old Islander uniform from 1888
I mean just absolutely got to be one of the most stupid people the most inane comments. Oh, yeah
That's right Joe Ricky. He's not gonna get a penalty because there was a Joe Ricky or Ken Cley
I forget who it was oh, he's not gonna get a penalty because but it'd be better
But I'm up at least and and while he's saying this they're showing him sitting in the penalty box for Washington nice going there Denise
You moron you idiot you turn exactly I couldn't say a bit of myself
Nine minutes after ten at 560 WQAM
No
Maybe we produced without the express written permission of WQ a.m. Beasley Reed acquisition court. No, no, no
Maybe you know my jockey shorts
Elson John hasn't been able to get out of the studio. He's back there again with his there dropping like flies album
I tribute to John Denver you'll hear that classic. I'm dying in a prop plane
Goodbye rocking out and road hello
He's just Elton John and LB in the studio three-cold other tribute record
That's right look for a good by FDR and a candle in the Kremlin
Attributes to Joseph Stalin Elton John's tribute album. They're dropping like slide on sale now
1014 by today. I wish I had filled it off your freedom here
I would just play at the rest of the show is that my favorite Elton John record of all time
I mean everybody else is too if they got a brain. Oh, that is at a great song
Which he did with the backdoor boys. I noticed last night on a Grammy Awards
I just mentioned that in passing and they were pretty good even though Nick looked very spastic with a glasses and his hair straight up in the air and his one hand
It looks like he had his a thing of an electric socket
He's a one-hand kept like like he just had a stroke like he was stroking it, but at any rate
Columbine teen witnesses shooting for Americana for you
Little Tim Colorado a
Teenager who survived the Columbine high-mastichard was targeted by an internet threat had another terrifying experience this week
She saw a man shoot himself. What do you say to that? All right
Aaron Walton 16 was in the area Tuesday evening when a man who was being chased by police pulled into a lot near the high school and shot
himself in the haze how do you like that huh?
Got himself in the haze I
Just broke into hysterics Aaron said I got out of my car
They were pulling his body out of his car and trying to give him CPR
I just couldn't believe it the man was in critical condition Wednesday at Swedish Medical Center
This is this is in little Tim Colorado
Now not only did they have the massacre at the high school
But then they had the mother with one kid remember she a shot herself
Bade yeah, and then they had the two kids who were shot in the what that was it a subway and a subway
yeah, and now we got
This girl who survived the whole thing and also was one of the girl people
She was the one to receive the internet threat from that asshole over and go and coral Cape Coral
Now she sees a guy blow his brains out right in the haze
Just in this one little town in Colorado. So that's why I pull question on the internet on our website today is
Does America need stronger gun control laws? Yes or no very simple question
We'll see if all the gun nuts get up there and monopolize it does America need stronger gun control laws?
This is the kind of stuff people ought to be talking about because we live in a barbaric gun infested
Bulletin festive pull a little body infested society
And while people are worried about some broad that was on who wants to marry a millionaire. Yeah, that's what they're all excited about
And how come this guy was talking with so much pizza in his mouth? He probably heard the show once upon a time
It's always fun to talk with pizza in your purse
This scumbag this slime ball this publicity seeking deadbeat scumbag. See any the clips with her?
No, oh well she doesn't consider herself really married because she's a Christian and she wasn't married in a church by a priest
Or she could be a Christian. Why did she participate in this obvious scan because she knew it was a fraud
She's a Christian whore. Oh, I see oh, that's the best kind and then I saw the clip that they had with the one broad that was
Contestant but didn't she didn't get picked runner up. Yeah
And her comment was well, I mean all these people now after the cats out of the bag
Oh, well, they're they're one part of this they want to be part of this fraud
Which is exactly what it was see this is what televisions all about and you want to know why because most people if not respectable to say you watch the
WWF that's what America wants
Kids see that's what channel six should be saying instead of a foul language
They ought to have kids watch it adults watch it and old ladies watch it professional wrestling
Because that's what the Jerry Springer show is and all those other shows that are doing their best to emulate it now
But not doing it very well
Yeah, let's even know it's fake. We don't care if it's fake
Even if you tell us it's fake we won't believe it anyway because our lives and our emotions are all invested in this
We're wrapped up in it
So what difference to make it the whole thing with a scam in fact who knows maybe the quiz shows they have on now
Maybe these are all fixed today. They already had one accusation over who wants to be a millionaire about that
See that was the mistake they made back in the 50s and 50s when they had the quiz show scandal with
21 and 64 thousand dollar question what they didn't realize is the American public doesn't care about honesty and integrity
All they care about is being titillated. Can I say titillated on the air? No, all they care about is being aroused
That's all they give a crap about so if it's a fraud. Hey, let's have alien autopsy back this week
What do you say box specializes at that at schlocks and putting a bunch of fraudulent crap on there and then you know
Month later saying oh guess what we pulled a roll over our your eyes. Ha ha ha
It was a fraud you want to see it again. Oh here it is watch it again and they do
See that's where they made a big mistake if they would have rerun that show after all the publicity
It's had they probably get an 80 share easy
If they'd rerun at the who wants to it because certainly the regiasting has got to be dying out by now
I mean that thing every time I scan across and I see that that's on there everyone I'm channel surfing
I say can this possibly be on again?
That's your final answer. Yes, that's my final answer. I will not watch it again ever. I mean it just swill
For 70 billion dollars. What is your first name?
Are you sure is that your final answer?
Yeah, it's I mean talk about wearing really thin really thin
desperate
Anyway our poll on the hockey fans came out here's the final total 384 votes yesterday
We had another record breaking out today on our website new arranges dot com
250 people said they are hockey fans and 134 people said no they are not 65.1%
And yes and 34 points. That's like about 55 35 yes
Like I said almost to you turn turns of the audience and they're hockey fans. Let's hear it for that
Huh?
Because the hockey fan they're the great people not that the other third left of the bad people
They just don't get it yet. They haven't caught on
Which is very sad so new arrangers dot com not only can you vote on our poll today about gun control
But also you could take a peek at that and the reason we're putting on there immediately is because George is getting real real tired
And I don't blame them of the 85,000 people calling in for that diet
We talked about yesterday. That's a significant something great
The same hospital medical center. I don't endorse it. I don't know anything about it
I have no idea who sent this to me one of our listeners and if it works for you great if you croak don't play must
That's our disclaimer. You got it. Oh good
The St. Joe hospital medical center died which supposedly you lose 10 pounds in three days and you can lose up to 40 pounds in a month
Even if you weigh 18 pounds you can lose up to 40 pounds in a month even if you're like Christina Aguilera
Which by the way best new artist of the year who the hell are you people kidding out there, huh?
You must be dropping acid baby
Best new artist of the year
That's like Brook Daniel's best hunchback tacos to the year
All the when you come right down to it do we know any other hunchback tacos?
No, all right. Let's uh-huh Larry. He ain't no tacos. He's a professional ass sucker
He's not no talk host. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh, right
So that's our result of we got the menus on our website nearroger.com. That's all one word spell it right
Please with an I and no D you got it nearroger.com and it's all on there
Now getting back to a last night talking game the Panther game
You see don't go blame in Peter War. L because that's his instinct. That's the way he plays
He's a goon and he just uh if you really watch carefully any game that he's playing
He gets away with a 95% of his penalties and anybody like Denise Poth van or Turing Murray who says that that wasn't an elbow in which he knocked
Richard Zednik down to the ice in the guy's line there for four minutes and he's on queer street
Well, you know you can debate that all you want but it was an elbow to the head
It was a nasty nasty penalty, but I'll tell you who I blame now
And it's of course the one trying to deflect the blame by screaming at the officials is that bonehead Turing Murray
You know what I'm saying? What is this man doing out there three shifts in the last five minutes of the most important game of the season today
What is he doing out there? Can anybody answer me that question? No?
And when he put them out there a third time I'm screaming at the set
I'm screaming. I'm saying what are you thinking about you know?
It's just a matter of time before he's going to get a bonehead penalty and within 20 seconds after I said that
Sure enough there goes Zednik to the ice there goes the our officials arm up in the air Paul Stewart and here
He goes to the penalty box bitching and moaning about it and they go into the overtime and before you know it what should have been a victory
He turns into a devastating loss and now there are only three points ahead of the Washington capitals and without brilliant goal-pending
This team would be getting blown out just absolutely blown out
Which a lot of people don't seem to understand
But what's Terry Murray belly-ick and bitching and pointing the finger at the officials?
Why doesn't he take the blame? Why doesn't he stand up and be a man for once and I'll tell you why because he's an asshole right make no mistake about it
And for Denise Pott then anybody else out there trying to defend the indefensible
I mean you guys are you're you're in Lala land you don't know what you're talking about
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Let's hear from all the Santana lovers out there. Carlos Santana is God
That's what they told us on the Grammys last night
If you if you gave me if you gave me 500 of his this album this smooth the crap of his well the album is called what is it called super super duper crap something like that
I don't even know the name of the album
Supernatural
I mean mediocre would be a compliment here's a mobile and coral springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Couldn't agree with you more about that hit war. I'll get out of the end there
I was unacceptable and it's like that's supposed to be like his role in the game
But that wasn't even intentional. He couldn't hit somebody that hard to be tried and why is he out there if that
Critical juncture of the game you get ready to go over time. Why is he out there?
Well, he's there to fall on top of players that might be dangerous to the Panther team
I think yeah, right
So in other words with 12 seconds left in the play being it centerized there was some danger in either direction now
Exactly, it shouldn't even have went over time that second goal
Unacceptable man that guy had a tent pitched in the crease
He didn't be he was he was there for the month well
You got to understand that the defense has taken a few weeks off here the pantheid defense to sphela and spot check
These guys have just taken some time off and that's why guys are floating in all alone
I mean Trevor kid played as good last night as any human being could possibly play especially after that long a layoff
He was remarkable and they still wind up blowing the game
He played amazing any any goalie that's got to stop more than 40 shots
Yeah, you just don't you don't even have any defense and this is the new deal now first period of every game was the same way
In the Ottawa game 16 to three at one point the shot that have burdened wasn't great
And again potpan last night there was another shot at Vernon and that's why they played kid last night
He says what is this man talking about Mike Vernon has been nothing short of spectacular for this team
And these guys opening up their mouth. They don't know they're asked for my elbow
You're right on I heard that I'd like to leave that either
I'd like to see Peter will well give the same elbow to the knees potpan
Maybe knock some sense in one but I doubt it because where there's no sense there's no feeling
Right on right on and have a great day you too
And go leave school nice going to Darcy Tucker
I tell you about that good Canadian boy
About time you bastard
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the best news of all though
This is on the front page
Of the essential courtesy to Wall Street urinal. I mean, this is the most disgusting
It made me think of Josh Friedman when I read this article
Yeah, you know how we have litter boxes for cats
Ralston Purine is coming up with one for dogs
For dogs doggy litter
Now can you imagine walking into somebody's apartment
House
That's a pup tent
And they've got a little little dog even like my little dog for only waste ten pounds
But which is brain's out. Oh, what's that what's that smell? I mean what if what is that
Yeah, the uh, so except the tank back up or so. Oh, that's my
Your litter box
Tiny just dumped about four pounds of crap in the litter box. I mean after all we don't want to have to walk him or let him out
These not only the dumbing down of America, but the slavering why what would you call it the uh?
Snicking up of America
I mean, it's not bad enough that you cat people you disgusting cat people with your cat the feces and you're in there. Oh god
In a box in the house
Now we're gonna have dogs crapping in the house
Well, guess what I already got one doing that
26 after 10 at five. How about I got a better idea save on water. You know we're conservationists save on plumbing
How about people litter boxes up? Wow. What's that? We're all sent pureedness.com up
Yeah, especially good for those old human women. They can don't have to worry about using the same toilet paper over and over again
You just won't use any
Unless you got a hanger here or there and you know what you're doing Crawford said about those
26 past 10 at five sixty WQ
QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning six with Chocostello right here on sports radio five sixty QA and yeah
Kid baby
All right
She can't see but I don't have I'd like to spend some time down the
I feel the same about the liar carry I'll let that chicken get real hairy as you have to
Now I would like to bang her to but the life too long and I'm not
New change
I would like to give her a mouthful of my fatty boy
I think
I would like to
Oh
Better which you should have planned that can we say can we say doodle hole on a radio no
1032 at five fifty WQAM
Yeah, we're also doing a research for three and a half years
I've been studying what they referred to as canon elimination
behavior and they've come away convinced that dogs can and should be taught to be have a little more like cats
And they believe that humans will spend heavily see that's the only thing is really all about
Only fifty WQAM humans will spend heavily to have house trained canines and the freedom that comes with that the product by the way
Which will begin showing up on grocery store shelves in May is called second nature
The freedom
Yeah, I was cleaning the box out as opening a door anything about cleaning it out all on
You just have a big box big old box and just keep putting more stuff in there and covering it up
I'll have to clean it up because after all you never got to be able to clean the smell out of the air in a house anyway
Can you imagine because can you imagine the aroma getting out of the carpeting and the walls in your clothing and the furniture
And on the TV set and your stereo and microwave and pop up poster can you even begin to imagine that uh-huh
In addition to which if I wanted a cat I would have gone out and got a cat. I hate cats
I don't want my dogs being like cats which means unfriendly independent obnoxious and rubbing up against your goddamn leg
I don't want that
Well, that's another one of the reasons that cat Arab noxious because they do have a litter box
Which separates them from dogs most of which are intelligent nothing about side and
Do their business outside not inside right tiny. Oh, well accept him
And one thing about him is I would say 99% of the time over his life
lifespan which has been quite the too long with to be honest with it but nevertheless
When he drops a little deposit when he gets just in the right mood for right frame of mind it's solid 99 thank god
Oh, thank the Lord and so you pick up a little piece of toilet paper or Kleenex or tissue or something like that
You pick it up you throw it in the toilet and life goes on
As opposed to having that sickening
festering swill of a smell in your apartment your house your anything what kind of and of course this is rostin purina
Which all they care about it. Oh, me just do that. I make a lot of money which I can't blame them
Here's for a lot of it. I'll hello
I do it. Okay. Yeah, that's my voice. Oh, excuse me. I talk. Wow. Hey that dog little boy. That's Lucy idea. It's goofy. Yeah
I can't imagine the smell and how lazy people are
Yeah, you know, and I was talking about that diet earlier. Mm-hmm. I think forget that just go get light, oh
Go why everybody should just go get light
Okay, feel better get it have a great day. Oh, man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line
Here's the call from Lake Port hello
Hello, yes, sir
Neil
Yes, are you day great wonderful? Um all white intersection male calling and um I'll just want to know if uh
If you got my book
If I got your book yeah, I sent you a book called the Merimba Trade by Floyd Goodman. So what? I said
Remember trade no George intercepted. I never saw it. Oh really George's got it. You don't want it
Why do you mean don't want it? What an egg can look? What is it about? It's about drug trafficking. No, I don't want that
George is right. Well, you mean it so it's your true story. Yeah, I'm not interested. Well, you might be as kind or tank. No
Hey, by the way, George said he liked it though. That makes you feel better
Well, as you know, uh, just trying to lower response from you and see if you might like it and I I loved it
I thought was the best damn book ever since gone with your wind. Gone with my wind. Hey
Thanks. I'll be calling you for an airboat ride too. That's not like I wanted to
There you go. You see if you don't take it don't feel so bad about it. George knows all about the good drugs
Well, you know, I'm fact in order to survive on the side, you know, after 2 30 nap noon he goes on pedal some here in a little
Jamaica. Well, you know, it's not so much about uh
It's just a little adventure involved and you might find it amusing in the bottom line. Okay. It is a true story
Hey, I'll give you a little story here in Lakeport the um the prison's going broke. Yeah, and I get to stay once to take it over or whatever and um
I talked to the passion they asked me what you run a surplus. Why don't you buy it? Mm-hmm
He goes, why is that slick and so low by chance, you know, um, the devil shows up. You'll have somewhere to put him
He told me I was going to burn the hell for that
Imagine that well if it isn't for that, it'll be for something else. So don't worry about it
All right, just remember one thing. You'll tip the code. Okay. All right. Good day
And have a great day. Well, welcome on that all this indigestion probably for me in the bagel this morning
Which I shouldn't have eaten because I got a little mommy's house for lunch today
I shouldn't be in no crap in this place. I had pork rind and then I saw those bagels with cream cheese out there
Well cream cheese is okay. Any addkins isn't it? What about the bagel?
5 6 7 0 5 60 I don't even like bagels that much to be honest with you
bagels are another one of those foods that have to have to have something on them otherwise they're useless like like a bad steak
You know, you drown it in Peter rubber steak sauce. Wow delicious. They know ice cream
You drown it with like hot fudge. Mm-hmm. Yummy. And the whipped cream and nuts and cherries
I always gonna have a bottle of cherries
hanging around loose I do like meris you know something I get it all though. They do have red dye in them. They will kill you
But I love meris you know cherries. I could sit down with a whole bottle and just uh not only eat all the cherries, but then drink the juice
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello
Mobile implantation
Sorry, don't be sorry. I'm going to go to since we got this great new phone system. I do this on almost every call
You're out into getting used to it. No, I tell you I you know, I just got back
There was a lot of Vegas for some business and pleasure. I got on a pal metal coming south. You must be 60 or 70 trucks
Uh, I don't know. I got American flags to conflict. You know, so they hit Miami. You know anything about this? No, when was this today? Just right now
I'm just somewhere we get I was going down on my bank in Miami and I you know, I came with 75 to you know
You get on a hundred and twenty second street. Yeah on the pal metal
And it just lined up hunk in the ruins is like big construction trucks and they're all going like maybe 15, 20 miles an hour in a righty and lane and I'm telling you
Oh, maybe they were the protest and the gas because I know that uh, where the hell was it was in Toronto?
I saw this the other day in the news
Several places around the country the truckers are like protesting these outrageous gas prices
And so what they're doing is because they're pissed off is pissing everybody else off, which is unacceptable
Yeah, well, you know, I could say I come into Miami come up. You know, you have to work and I feed it
I figured who should I call but Neil Rogers maybe you can do but I think maybe some of the Cuban truck drivers are very upset because
Ali on grandma this bit him on the penis and that's what cut them a little aroused
Let me tell you this I was after eight days in Vegas and I said he had to business have worked
And every time I said I came from Florida and I used to live in Miami now plantations the first words out of the map
Yeah, what's going on down there? Yeah, now anyway, listen, I enjoy you know the answer is same old crap just tell him same old crap
Thanks very much enjoy your show very much good luck pal right by thanks for the warning okay
Whatever he said right up there. I know exactly what he's talking about there. I 75 by 120 second of the ball metal
What kind of crap is that we had a lot of truckers listen to the show cut the crap
Okay, don't play must for the guy damn oil prices. What are we gonna do about it? We can't do nothing about your gas
Although maybe that died my work check out our website
Those beats though just just thinking about beat
Give me bad bad gas. It's my ibs cool and big time
21 before 11 at 560 wq
One million pounds for Neil Rogers. He's in the his out. No
How the Clinton spent their first night in Chappacol
I'm getting honey
No, I'll get it. Don't worry, buddy
Come on, I'm coming
Hi there
And you have very nice legs
Thank you sir and welcome to our little planet Chappacol
I think I will
My daughter a man and I have baked in the little welcome to the neighborhood
It's our family recipe for pineapple upside down cake. I like to take your pineapple anyway
I'm sideways
Thank you mr. Pancani
I got it
Well hello
Hello, mr. Clinton. I'm Elaine Krifkin. Just keep your voice down. Are you the escort? No sir
I'm sorry, but Krifkin
Look at that view you were I guess
Well the escort's not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie. Oh no sir
All right, well, I'll see you later. I'll leave
Whatever you're doing
No, it's just another neighbor you gotta make some food or what
Sweet Jesus
Hey, the doorbells going crazy
Great Caesars ghost
Me America good got all my money. What do you think of my new board? What are you doing here? What that house next door with my kitty crane money?
Oh my god
We'll be see the light of each other in the
You
Okay, it's 1046 at 560 WQ and 560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
Marty McSorley gets suspended for the rest of the season and to play off
I don't think you'll see him no more and all the people that we're calling yesterday
Well, I call him Campbell. What does he know nice going Eric? Holy?
Whatever your name is colon
With an over an eye speaking of that I get a fact here from Tony Perez
So I thought was a baseball guy that evidently a different Tony Perez
Who's with the pharmaco ink and as a product called nature simple solution
So you only got to do is have any kind of a physical ailment of any kind for five minutes or longer
And right away everybody in their brother is deluding you with all of these things
Now isn't that interesting line? It just came on all by itself
Notice my arms are at least 400 yards away from the phone
Just
Just came on spontaneously duff all by itself Greg you jackasses you
So the idea that we got this phone problem lick lick this is my comment to you. Okay. It's still a piece of dirt
Oh, yeah, but the new system is coming in March 1st. Okay, whatever you say
They just cannot get it done
Anyways, so nature simple solution is the first rectilcare system of its kind in the world rectum
That's right
Product that finally addresses complete hygiene and daily care of the rectal area
Not only is it an extraordinary this is the best part not only is it an extraordinary cleanser and deodorizer
But an excellent skin treatment as well
How do you like that from go is the proud distributor of nature simple solution in victorious bloomers the female version in Florida
Anybody out there been into victorious bloomers lately. How about you have
So there you go. Tony Perez factors me pages and pages and pages of stuff about some stuff
He wants me to show you my rectum. I don't think so Tony, but thanks anyway
Sounds like a bunch of ibs to me five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line
But a brutal week here on the phone. I'll tell you that now websites go on crazy the phone not too good
Here's bokeh. Hello
Bottom that the throw out the guard by
This man tells temperament. Yes, not available in the US. It is now. Oh, so he wasn't done by the book police
Well, I mean, I don't know who is banned or not, but it sure as hell was kept for some bizarre reason
We haven't determined yet out of the books there is for a couple of years. I have no idea why but you can imagine for yourself
Really yes, they have the book police, huh? Yes, unbelievable. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks me. So I can't get it now. Yes, walk the Walden's
Walden's Walden books. Oh
Whatever the border is lord. Thank you. You're okay. Noble
Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Tamara. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? Um, just wanted to comment. I don't know if you saw the beginning of the
There's crappy Grammys last night
the embarrassing jokes
At the fat ass is telling out there. I didn't see the beginning, but I saw I'm a cut summer her material
I'm an author in the city on the channel so she was completely went over like a gigantic lead balloon. I mean just pathetic
She was horrible. I was embarrassed watching the Grammys
But she did get in one good shot on that bitch with he used and yeah, and she made a comment about her
Potter rest and I guess and
Hawaii she said I have one thing to say to you Aloha
when he used and
quickly flashed up the old bird and gave her the finger which they kind of cut out on the TV really
I don't know if they're in her standout. Yeah, we're her nurse scumbag husband sitting there
But you know big badly word brown. Oh, yeah, I get he's a piece of work that guy
but I don't know if you also saw in the paper today about the
I guess the card jacking that happened out in Missouri where that sexual boy was dragged he was death. Yes
5 mile chase that guy should be strung up is you know what and
You know and also the mother killed for leading her child in the car, you know with the keys in it. Mm-hmm
You know I say I put the mother in Susan Smith and the guy in the back of a car in the bottom of a lake
Exactly like some heavy weights. You don't leave your child in the car with the keys running
Right. Just to jump out and get the only time you do that with the keys running and the window shutters about the middle of July
When you got a little 10 pound dog then it's not a bad idea. Oh, yeah, you know then you'll get somebody that'll okay
Thank you
560 pound 560 on the 18t line boy. It's been a wild wild desperate ride on the phone this week all week long
They're just off their feet this week
Nothing to say about that peter were well thing even though we got all these legs talking fans
That's what makes it even more ridiculous is they got the opinion than anything nothing
Didn't see that game last night got no opinion on it one way or the other of course the worst team they get calls on it
Tank it's calls on it who don't even watch this stuff and couldn't care less
Can we get calls on it? Oh, because there are bunch of pussy's out there
And of course we don't want to pick on their hero mr. Excitement number eight
God forbid so we know it must have been a bad calling. He got a bum wrap again
It must be because he's a dark. He must be the reason not because he's a good one
Not because he does a lot of that crap and gives a lot of cheap shots. That couldn't possibly be the reason could it? Oh
Here's a mobile and steward hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hi good morning. They all
Listen to you every day. Just want to let you know. I'm on the terms like northbound on going to the sales call in Melbourne
They've got the things shut down at steward to forcing everybody off. Let's be a real bad accident
Okay, that's number one number two as far as the baseball stadium
I know you're not talking about that today, but why does the hell Henry use that in in homestead
But to say to him at home sir
What I already have one is not even being used when we paid for it because nobody's gonna go to homestead
Even if it's even if it's even not people which it doesn't but nobody's going to homestead
Yeah, yeah, it doesn't seem enough people would then think about the stadium before right
But nobody's going to homestead. Let me see. Okay, listen. Thanks for the tip pal
Okay, you have a good one and you too stay off the roads folks
It's a mess out there no matter where you're going you can't get there from here. Okay, no matter where you want to go
You just can't get there from here because it's a bitch and we're here
Just like Mitch Lewis said yesterday, which I'm still thinking about his comments. Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 7 8 5 6
345 you know how it goes you know the routine
song of the year by the way
That's a song of the year now it was it the song of the year on the Grammys no because Santana didn't sing it. That's the only reason
This Santana business somebody somewhere is off their rocker somebody is out of their mind somebody must be doing some really
Bad polluted drugs these days. Uh-huh bad
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, it's a mobile going down the Palmano
If I suddenly scream you know what happened. Hey comment on that last stick you guys did can we have that as a never ending saga?
I about laughed my butt off. Yeah
So if you get more of that man, that's that's that's the first my day up like nothing else. All right
Well, that's the idea sir here is to perk your day up
Thanks a lot appreciate it. Okay. Good luck pal
Bye-bye
I'm glad that we had a couple of people out there in the road because I almost forgot about this
I want to say right now whoever the punk was yesterday that nearly wiped my ass out nearly killed me
You know how they say most accidents happen real close to home
Just a matter of blocks from my house as I'm making my turn at home for more carestead
Minded my own business tooling along there
Making my left turn off a sunrise on a one-eighteenth and I'm sitting there and I's turned
You know make a little turn into the intersection you're getting ready to turn and the traffic is coming the other way
I look up at the light and sure enough the light is red which means now I can go and just to be sure
I wait an extra one or two seconds because I trust nobody as I always tell you
And the traffic appears to me they're all slowing down, but now it's some asshole. Obviously a kid
I mean really didn't see it but it had to be because no adult would drive this way
I don't think in a big purple
Old I don't know what the hell it was because I didn't have time to see
I'm making my turn now because their light is red and he don't and keep in mind
They're all coming from well on the other side of the intersection
They're slowing down, but he ain't guessing the side. He's gonna make it like two seconds after the light turn red now he floors it
And you talk about your life flashing before your eyes
This is one of those times and there are many of them that I well
I'm just grateful that I drive a real real powerful fast car
Because if I wouldn't have I wouldn't be talking to you right now
I mean I just zoomed
Past that guy and this asshole he like flying off to the left to get that around missed by inches
And keep in mind he just floored it okay
And all new porkers that sit out there on hiatus with your speed guns with your radar guns and your speed traps
Let me say it again
We would appreciate it very much if you'd spend more time right on those intersections around sunrise
Boulevard for all these people that run all of those lights on sunrise and one 18th at flamingo at hiatus you and knob hill one of the worst
Instead of writing business how about protecting our lives because that's what we're paying your salaries for
And I'm gonna tell you right now you talk about road rage. I told George this this morning
I mean if I would have had a shotgun in that car
I would have just slammed on the brakes turned around and followed this set of a bitch up sunrise and blown his crap away
I mean that you just get that pissed off for about five seconds
And of course five seconds more than long enough
Whoever you are you disgusting miserable no good punk son of a bitch
They ought to take your license away and put you in the who's guy right now and give you the what for
You know I'm talking about who's going what for uh-huh and up your correcto heinous
You can't complain about the driving in this town because quite frankly. There's very little
What I see most of every day
Doesn't pass doesn't qualify for driving status
1056 if I and then don't let me forget to tell you about media one and my road runner
media one
1056 if I the roadrunner's great by the way media one blows
Four minutes before 11 while you get going here already. What the hell is wrong with you
What do you love this baddie
Courtney love is ratty
When she sings and plays dogs begin to bang
Courtney love is baddie
Like her daughter's daddy
Get her off the stage
Don't you hate it when she felt she's access to
Yes
Like she does when she takes his seat fit
Grimes with it's 1101 at 560 WQM what
Just like ended in the middle there's that it's just short and sweet they ran out of material there
Okay, and it wasn't that great and the first one was okay was margarine gave it about a three on a skill of 48
Better gave us an excuse to hear some doors music again. I mean I realized ain't no centano. Okay. Oh
God
Wow
Supernatural my fat ass. Okay, the fixes in it's all right. It'll be the same thing with the Oscars
You already know ahead of time who's gonna win one because the fixes in it has to be the politically correct
Who do we want to who's asked do we want to suck this year and it better not be anybody who's like out of the mainstream
And what are we gonna do about Nick Carter's here too by the way and that's fast the candor is what what is that
Parking yeah, look like it. Hey, he looked like Michael Jay Fox with the bad hairdo
Here's a Hollywood. Hello
And glasses Hollywood
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I got something a little different for you this morning. Yeah
Seems that our Hollywood police department is out doing a great job for us again
It was in the sun sent all the other day that
They have arrested a minister or feeding the homeless. Yeah, that's that's not a new story that's an old story
Okay, I asked George and he said you hadn't talked about it yet, but not today
But I mean it's an old son. I'm going story this way I keep insisting on feeding the homeless and they keep busting his ass
Yeah, that's a real crime if he would just go out and watch some kids and he'd be okay. Yeah, I mean
I fear if you know you and the ombre and beefo get out there and Hollywood and have a meeting somewhere
You'll be arrested for unlawful assembly. That's always stay out of Hollywood except for the Indian watch out
Okay, thank you. See you Saturday in Hollywood by the way at Semino Indian Casino
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 maybe Ken Jenny can come in there. Oh, give me some evil looks either that or Nick Navarro at the very least with his
Vibhati press in his hand from the swap shop remember those awful awful days at the swap shop talk about the smell of
They could use the litter box for those elephants. I'll tell you that
man
What is the story would line for today?
Please don't get all of that
How did I know how did I have a premonition when the phones are like looking like this and when we had that line
He'd pop on by itself and there's line four that's like having a little
There's a problem again
See if I have any balls you talk out of brain what I do is I just leave that on the other way to the show
Because I don't think it's going to go out unless the howling sound I think that'll just stay on further
Welcome to the wild bean freeze by the way. Oh now it's starting to ring too. Listen to that you better get it
It's ringing it's ringing over here
It's gonna say if you'd like to make a call
What are you doing? Why do you do that? I was answering line eight
Or it's very faintly in the background. Well, it's just making line eight or wait a minute
So in other words it's doing the same thing again line four is dining up line eight and line eight was ringing
And then when you picked up no, no, no, no, no, it was a call, but line eight is also screwed up
There's a call on there now pick it up W2 Q I am
Go ahead
Hello, hello, yes, sir
Come in
Hello, yes
Okay, so you hear by that obviously somebody is dicking with our phone lines
Can you tell by just by hearing that? Uh-huh somebody is dicking around with our phone system here
And this has been going on for the worst part. I was gonna would say the better part the worst part of two years
And these assholes here these lung kids these weak needs the yellow belly jelly-libert assholes still can't get nothing done about it
Oh, well the engineers think it's the full company and we think it might require some work getting to done
And we think we'd rather crawl under the desk and cry a lot
This is special the line four is my favorite today though
George yes
Hang on okay, we got a porco on a cell phone hello
Hello, yes sir
I know yes, this is one of those porco is out there
Let me tell you absolutely right with the intersection
I prefer setting in an intersection with four light-searned and get to those people throwing through it
I do with feeding because feeding doesn't kill people for us to like to do God bless you pal
Absolutely without a doubt now
You know where you where you work
Up for our in brown. Son of a nice boulevard is is a death lane now. It's a death trap
Well, I wish I could sit over there for you, but I can't that out of my jurisdiction
But believe me we're out there there are a few of us that don't care about speedy, but we do care about when it's like
Thanks pal, you got buddy. Okay. I'm sorry about that crappy phone
How do you like that? We got a porco on there through the crappy phone and all there was somebody else on it
We probably have four thousand people trying to call this short. We think the problem is they're all on one line
A radio station that just refuses to get with it of competent just like the construction out here
By the way, I haven't given you an update on that in a long time of course by now you should assume the answer is
If you were to ask that would be our poll question maybe one of these days when we can't come up with a good one
You think that the construction will ever be finished here at QAN no
You think the one of these things will ever fix this toilet up and make it complete. No, no make it whole
It already is that with an H as in rat hyphen hole
When I came in this morning first thing I said in Georgia
I said you notice that the it's been weeks now a long long time since there's been any construction since you've even heard any
Hammering until I punched up line eight any hammering going on around here and he said uh-huh
Yeah
So maybe they're waiting for all that you know that big those big bucks to come through you know
That's what we keep hearing. Oh, yeah, well when that big money comes through that thing goes up to the 13 again
Better check on that real fast by the way because it was like up to 1281
I can't say what I'm talking about because it's still the quiet period. I can't say what I'm talking about
And I heard Hank yesterday. I do believe say something like hey stupid. He sold his and I heard that Joe Castell was gonna go home and
Hey stupid tell his and whatever also it is which I can't talk about because it's the
Anyway, here's a mobile and Kendall hello
Mobile and Kendall. Hey, yes, sir. Please officer. What's up? How you doing?
I just came for downtown and there are truckers with Cuban flags on them that have got the 836 backed up from downtown
All the way to the palm metal and what is that all about? I just said demonstrating again
There's a couple hundred trucks and they've got the traffic at a standstill back to Coral way in the palm metal
Okay, well, I say start arrested him right now and let us know when you're done. Okay. Thanks
Good luck. Good luck. How do you like that?
They're doing it again
And we don't even know what it's about
Okay, now which one of the local channels is on this let me turn off this thing here
I'd tell you but I can't get any of it. Oh
Well, let's see 90. I'll do this whole thing and mostly while you were on vacation everybody's flying all their favorite flags
So there's a lot of time now look at our weather
Oh, I'm going to get down to one point. Why are you having a good day?
A lot of folks are having a good day. Okay, with all the respect Bob. I love Bob Weaver
But they think I don't need to do with the weather
So maybe somebody out there can close in as to what the latest protest is all about as once again the Cuban truckers rhymes with
Yeah, mother. Yeah
Bastards. It's all the truckers
It's all the truckers. Yes
And what is it all about the fuel prices? Oh, it is just like what I've speculated before
But why why why do we all have to take it up? They're either doing it in Toronto
They were doing it in some other places around America. Why can't they just say okay?
Let the other cities take care of the protest and let's leave the poor bastards
You want to try to get from point A to point B down here. They've already had enough hassles already
Let's cut the crap. Can they do that? No god damn it. We're sick of it
I'm not any happier. I paid like a buck 689 for a super a couple of days ago buck 70 for gallon of gas
More than I've ever paid my life
And I can just barely squeeze it out and the cash too our phone by the way is all screwed up again
I just mentioned that in passing. I mean all screwed up big time stuff. I just mentioned that in passing. He heard it
good
10 past 11 at 5 60 WQM
Sorry guys
Fucking bow. Hello Mr. Rocker. How you doing?
I agree with what? Excuse me
First up sir we will do the Rochak test
If they love when you roll your tongue like that all your boyfriends
Excuse me?
Hi I got you
A Rochak test is in blots as they say in English
And I will show you these ink blots and you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind
Some looking
Okay, what do you think this is?
Formal
Uh and this?
Let's both
Okay and this one?
Infected Haitian
All right
How about this?
Bobby Valentine riding the baloney pony
Interesting
What let's move along shall we?
Let's try some word association
I'll say word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head
No Mr. Rocker we haven't started yet
Here we go
Dog
Anus
Cat
Microwave
The color blue
Where?
You know John why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond
Jerk
Mr. Rocker I only wish to be your friend
Why you got me on his couch doc
You know
What you find boys
John I'm a man sure you are what you wise name Chuck
No actually it's glad is yeah you're glad it sitting out that you're a bank boy
I'm out of here
Why are you ready?
That's right in John
John are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
Welcome
It's 11.16.5.15 QM
Wow some interesting mail including am I first anniversary card of the year?
Oh
And it's only like a week ahead of time last one day
It's next Wednesday right as March 1st 24 years on the year
I mean don't make any calls to anybody that's in order
Already said I wasn't gonna yeah, but you like to do there's something about you
You just have this sick thing about doing that
I just did it one. Well don't let anybody sick you on it either. I'm doing no I hate that
Oh
Cousin brucey remember that I hated you like poison, but I just decided to call happy anniversary
Yeah, yeah, good on you
Next Wednesday 24 years on the year in Miami March 1 1976 WKAT. How you doing sit Levent?
But anyway, Cheryl and Glenn send me a really nice to anniversary card and also include of course more important than the card
It says got this from the 98 degrees dot com. I do pay attention when you talk to Cheryl
And here's the whole thing about Nick Lackie who was born November 9th
November 9th. That's only four days after my birthday a few years later
1973 which would make him this in November 27 years old getting pretty old Nick
510 180 pounds here brown eyes blue penis larger than most
Brothers sister a brother-in-law all kinds of interesting stuff. How do you like that on here?
Favorite flower is the rose. Oh, well, there's still hope I guess
567 and what am I giving that up or stuff for cuz line for here I think maybe
Hello
Hello
Hello
And how about line 8 that one's a couple of things
Glasses and they can get a haircut
567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line. Okay, let me put Nick Karlaki in my pocket here real close to my
heart
Let's take a call for and then let me just say this okay. I know I'm speaking on behalf of a lot of other people out there
Because most people they got busy stuff and they got things to do and there are bunch of pussy's anyway
They're not gonna call to show most people
But I think most of them would agree with me that this this crap and around on the roadways every time you get pissed off about something
Is unfri-kin acceptable? Okay, if you want to protest all you guys get together park your goddamn
Vehicle somewhere and get out there with signs and do it the good old fashioned American freaking way with protest cars and stuff
Not not piss it off see I hate to break the news to you guys
But everybody else that you're in convene is seeing out there in the road. They're also paying to the nose for gas
And please don't tell me that you're the only ones who drive for living because there's plenty of salesmen and other
Assholes out there who have to drive and delivery people
Messengers all kinds of people who drive for living and most of them listen to the show by the way and God bless them
And they're paying through the nose for God then my gas are they out there blocking off the roads
Pissing off the public. No you bet your sweet ass. They're not
So it's not bad enough that every time the Cubans get pissed off about something
They got to block off the roads and get everybody up into a frenzy and screw up this whole town and give us more bad publicity
But now the truckers because they're parked off because the goddamn oil prices are all through the sky
Because we've been held hostage by a bunch of crazy goddamn barbaric 10th world countries like Venice, Waila on a rack
And Norway all of a sudden what's with those goddamn Norwegians? I'll tell you one neutron bomb boy
And all you'd see would be the you would be able to see the fourth for the goddamn clouds
That's what B-Fo told me this morning, but he was actually speaking to me in the hallway and I'm like that and he just kept talking
I keep doing it and he just keeps talking
Here's a mobile implantation hello
Hey, how you doing pretty good sir major picker port between
Rowered. Yes on the university. There's a porker. He looks like he has a he's a sniper. He has his
His radar. He got his piece out. Yeah, he's got three motorcycle cars right behind the way to go in action
Unbelievable doing what for speeding again. He's got the radar gun out again. Of course
A multi-crap man. I'm so sick and tired of that even even a cop that called here a minute ago
He's honest enough to say speed doesn't kill people are on red lights kill. That's a true cop. I like that
Amen. We love that guy. So all those pigs you fudge back in okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 on 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Man look at his line 4 line 8. Who do we appreciate? It's your right to phone company. I'll tell you that
Also anyway getting back to meeting you one see how the cell kind of ties in together. I thought you would
So I decided I'd call a few days ago for that road runner thing because I'm sick and tired
Please that I want to do another show on that we got all the input and the output
I'm not interested. I'm real happy with the road runner. It is like instant no more signing on no more using the phone line and
Time up your phone line. I mean you should turn on your PC and vingo there it is
You click on your internet explorer thing and within two seconds you're on it nothing else to do
No signing on no passwords no code no game no bull crap. It's great and fast
Lightning I mean like lightning fast
Things that used to take 20 minutes to do on me with the old the modem and the old IP ISP
10 seconds
So I love the road runner taking me wrong and the two guys that they sent out yesterday and I see
Media one farms this out just like everything else in business
You're calling somebody love whether it's Sears or whether it's media one for the matter who you call and you think you're doing business with them
But guess what wrong wrong they farm it out
And so the road runner people who hook up this super fast ISP thing for you
They're not media one people at all in fact when their van shows up and it's got a different name on it
That should be the first clue that they don't work for media one and they're you know a couple of young guys who are basically obviously
computer guy
Not cable guys computer guys even Jim Kerri would know that
When I notice you're putting that lip balm on which makes me a remember a guiding light not any of my guiding light people out there must be an intensive care
This week the most intense week on a show in years
In years on guiding light and finally finally they catch on as Matt opens up the lip balm and she mirrors it on
Vanessa's lips and she's thinking quick doing that and he gives her a kiss on the lips a little later on
Oh, that don't taste too good. There's something wrong any wipes it off her purse and the lip balm too
So I think we're getting real close to the end for what's your name Carmen
That shows getting really really intense really good
But anyway, so they show up yesterday at about four o'clock
And they were you know the appointment is between two and five so I have my friend Dave you know
Big Dave he goes over the house. It's just in case you know
I don't get there on time so he hangs around because he wants to see how this thing works
They show up at four it should take 15 minutes to install it
Okay, because there's one thing that they got to stick they have to stick a new one thing in your computer
On your modem and then they had then they just have to hook up your route to your cable connection
The only problem is is my cable in that room connected to anything. No, no
It's a dead piece
Anybody out there in the audience got a dead piece. I bet we have a lot of those
So now what they're gonna do is they're gonna go outside and string white cable wire all around the goddamn place
And the clock is rolling along and finally I go outside and say oh yeah
Well, we got to go string it through here and through there and like in front of your doorway
And I said no, I don't think so that ain't gonna fly
And they can't string it up to the guy then
Addic because there's like a firewall in there and these guys and these guys aren't the kind of guys that are gonna
Come in there and poke a hole in the firewall like people are famous for doing and then patch it up
They're not gonna do that because they aren't cable guys
So
I get on the phone the final deal is what call media one and see what they can do
This is like two hours after the fact
I'm on the phone for if you ever tried calling media one for 50 minutes
I'm gonna tell you there is a very special place in hell for media one. I want you to know that right now a very special place in hell
You get put on hold and you hold and you sit there listening to music and you're praying it might ring and finally
It starts ringing and finally somebody picks it up and says
I mean you want blah blah blah and you start telling them what you want all I have to transfer you before you can finish the sentence
You're back on hold again and the music is playing and you're holding and holding and squeezing and yeah
In the meantime, I got an emergency here because these guys are standing around waiting to speak to somebody from there to try to find out what they'll do
So they can finish their job
To make a long story short
I finally finally get a hold of some operator bitch on there
And I start using the name the eruders which up to this point I'm using my real name
I don't like throwing a name around because I don't want to make a team like I'm looking for special favors
Which I'm not but as soon as I mentioned the eruders was on the phone then all of a sudden start getting well all of a sudden
There was a supervisor standing right there
As opposed to the voicemail supervisors that kept connecting me to which there was nobody there
And I couldn't a voicemail doesn't come to your to your help anytime soon. You know what I'm saying doesn't help out too much
But now here's like a living and breathing lady supervisor who was very nice by the way
And so if she's gonna do this and she's gonna do that and gonna call me back in yadda yadda yadda
Well in the meantime my friend Dave goes in the middle room
You know my other room where I have my treadmill and all that the panther stuff
Goes in there and he sees that the cable that's outlet on the wall is the two wires are just hanging
And that's where the break in the connection is see when they first put the stuff in a house
They loop it from one room to another they do the loopty loop
They do a foot loop
So I have cable in my bedroom, but not in the next two rooms and in the front room there
So now he brings the one kid in there the Haitian kid he brings him in there and he's a
Potchkin and checking and testing and sure enough
There's the cable is live in that room
So all he's got to do is hook that up and now it's in the next room
And now all of a sudden guess what it's in that front room or my computer is and guess what it's working now
Did me be whenever call me back by the way? No
Now maybe just maybe these people somehow got the message to them. They'll bother calling that fact
I mean I got back because you don't need to maybe that's possible, but I don't think so
What they put you through this business of putting people on hold and listening to music and on and on and on it's unacceptable
unacceptable
You're crazy people and in the meantime like I told the one supervisor
I'm trying to spend my money. Don't you understand? It's my money
I'm trying to get this thing hooked up and I'm going to pay you 39.95 a month for their service
And you're still giving me a run around
And the bottom line is media one just like with your cable service you suck you suck
You do business like Schmidt
But I do like the roadrunner 27 after 11 and 5 and but man I said to her I said it wasn't there like a little step left out here
Shouldn't what I call and make the appointment shouldn't she be asking me is that room cable ready?
Is the cable active in that room? Yeah, you have a good point there
So that these guys don't have to come out and pots get around for hours and try to do something that they can't do
Because media one hasn't done their work
Yeah, were you fudge packing?
On the next Martha Stewart's living Martha explains the slow road to recovery from millennia and fears after hiding in a closet for weeks
Living on canned beans and water waiting for the apocalypse on the next show Martha begins to eat solid food again
It's all on the next Martha Stewart's living
Look at that the Dow is down 205 and dropping like a rock nice going Alan green span
No, he don't want to kill a stock market. He just wants to give us a lot of pain
Okay, because a lot of spilkeys and a lot of heartache and you're doing a nice going Alan you piece of crap you you turn
Where you stop you turn exactly
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line for the lines that are working today, which is certainly not all of them
Here's the Kendall hello
New yes, sir. How you doing? Okay great phone system there. The worst
Embarrassing I was I've been listening to this morning
I know you wanted people to call you up talk about hockey. So that's what I'm doing. Yeah
I've been every panther's game this year past three years as well
Even went to a staple center this year to check them out
And you know people talk about where I know you talk about them
And of course, he's not the greatest player on earth or far, you know, he's far from it
But as far as stupid penalties no one really talks about Scott Bellamy and all the dumb penalties he takes
Well, we're not talking about Scott Melan because he didn't take any stupid penalties last night. Well not not last night
Yeah, how about that game in an edition of which Scott Melan be is a very productive player and he's a skilled player who actually exceeds his own physical abilities
And gives you 100% every game. So I like Scott Melan be
See you later. We're going to be Peter world brings nothing to the table absolutely nothing if people want to watch the WWF
It's on TV for free, you know five times a week
He's not a hockey player. Right. I mean, I wasn't calling really just for where I like what I was talking about all the panther's
The 14th of course the trade deadline coming up. Yeah, you one guy that I think that they're going to part with a fan favorite
But if you look at the stats he hasn't really done anything the series not producing on the afforded line is Paul laws
Well, he's not producing on the fourth line because he's not a forward. You shouldn't be playing for what you should be under
Back to the fence especially
Another Terry Murray bonehead moved he hardly gets any ice time
And I just love by the way the times he puts where we're all out there with Paul laws
What is that the goon line? What is the point about what is it accomplished? Right?
I just think that laws before that deadline comes. I think he's gonna I think he's gonna go
I don't agree with you at all. You think you're gonna say I think if uh Murray coming to a senses
I'll put him back on defense because anybody need good tough defense right now
It's this team their defense is thinking to join out. There was soft as marshmallow. I mean
I don't know what he's waiting for why hasn't he done it already?
I have no idea because he's a hard ass. Don't you understand this man as a hard ass
He's the last one to admit that he ever made a mistake
So he's not gonna tell you he made a he blew it by putting more rail on the ice three times in last five minutes last night
What he's gonna do is screaming how about the penalty and say it was a shoulder not an elbow and and point to finger it
Somebody else just like he's pointing the finger at Ray Whitney having a slump now
Even though everybody knows when he's playing with a bad back and that's the reason he's not playing as well right now
You probably shouldn't even be playing you hear about the yoghurt's new entry
I'm not talking about the hamstring just something came up
I think early this morning he's in the hospital with a thigh confusion
Yeah, they said it hasn't done to do with with the hamstring so
That's interesting he probably won't be back for a while
Say la vie that means pop out can just pull farther and farther away. It sounds good to me
How about that performance by Trevor last night?
phenomenal. I mean it's great to say it again
You can't have your gold tenders be expected to play like that every night just to stay in the game
And it's getting to the point where every single game now against good competition
The goalie's got to stand on his head or this team is gonna get blown out you can't do it
You're totally right. So they better get with it starting tonight
They got to pick up some defense before that that deadline and also maybe a second line center there as well
And in too bad that they that they hesitated you know before muchriolo
You know continue with his winning streak
They were willing to trade Vladimir Malikov for a kavasha who's as useless as dog turd and his team like they hamged
And they haught well we don't know and now a much I mean I want to trade him because that looks like they're gonna make a real run of the playoffs
I mean they could have traded guys like need a mar before when he had some value too late
But I mean everything's just they they wait too long
And you know it's probably gonna be one of those years where he just throws a deal in there like he did last year
Just give it up for Warner for Wilson just to say he did something
Well then
Yeah listen I could write volumes on that Wilson's useless
Totally useless who'd you rather have right now right Warner or Mike Wilson? Oh red Warner
I mean look at the trade everyone talks about this new barren's trade
But no one even
All you hear about is barren's for well look at the guy they also gave them Jason woolly. Yeah, I wouldn't even trade
You can't listen every day pal
This guy wants to dissect the whole team which I appreciate your enthusiasm and all in the team
But that's the first way it's rather the audience away believe me
They don't know Jason woolly from Shubboly and his purple people eater
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line the out of town line 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4
5 on the world famous out of town line
I'm the only one that's got any commentary on these truck drivers and all this crap that keeps going on
So I guess I'm wrong
Markets down 204 points in color Craig is still fat
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you okay? Listen? I just found a problem that order is absolutely nothing
Just a normal heavy traffic and I had come up the airport expressway and 95 and that's flowing just heavy
Okay, so we have a close-up about the trucker who's crazy. What we had we had two calls about that
Well, that cleared up by now, Neil. Hey listen last night on the ground. It's okay quick comment
Beach boys never want to grab me the beach boys. You talk about political. Yeah, Jennifer Lopez has that the biggest swell day
Of course, she had half a dress and for her to come on television like that last man
Incredible. Yeah, incredible. One quick comment about the Panthers that second goal yesterday that they tied their score
Yeah, okay, the guy the guy was in the crease for like
Breakfast lunch and dinner nobody done a hand on him. Yeah, that's right and then Terry Murray Terry Murray's comment
Yes, when the counter doesn't that brilliant the meantime what's he doing in there? Why doesn't somebody clear him?
His ass out of there. Yeah, how can he say last year's rules? I mean we're playing this year's rule
You've got to check the guy out
I'm back to you because Terry Murray is a moron. That's why and I've told you that for two years
But nobody wants to listen. No, no, you just don't like the yaddy yaddy
I don't like Peter Whirl on that's true because you're not a player
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line house line 4 coming along. They're getting any success with fixing that thing
If you guys can make a call, we'll hang up and try again
Oh
Wow
What that's your thing my shot that last one clean my sinuses out
man
The game continues ladies and gentlemen here at WQM
Will they ever get the phone system working? No with all the promises all the BS all the lawyers involved
Will they ever make this phone system work? No?
Here it is the 24th of February
Allegedly next when they march the first which is my 24th anniversary on here in his town
We're gonna have this big new fancy shmancy better the best in the world phone system anybody believe in it?
Anybody expected to be here? No, I expected to work even if it does show up no
21 before noon at QAM got hank is gonna be a flag day two. We got her kune hotline at six panthers at Carolina seven o'clock tonight
A must win game not maybe but a must win tonight
Or else it's gonna be
Exactly the sports leaders sports radio five sixty
QAM I didn't go eight my baby
Baked will see me in the store
I'm looking for love forever long
And they go then I will succeed
Because I'm looking for a playboy magazine
My one and only girl should there with her beautiful curls
36 to all D
Any maker wanted me
I'm getting there up on the bathroom wall
Where I put her she did not look tall
And as my toes did curl I was the sexiest man of the world with my playboy
My boy
My boy
magazine
I had tenies all the friends
No jealousy over the bar between
I had Jenny McCartney before
TV's came in and TV hoarse
No one will ever know
Oh my child
I'm devil so
My hope for my dreams don't true
I'm started all my dreams with you
My playboy
Playman
Now I have a grown up man
Mary two more than my right hand
A white whose mother and wife
My thank you playboy so high
She threw them all away now
Oh will I masturbate
Now I stand here all alone
I close my eyes and they all come on to me
My playboy
The lady man
I
Where's that
I
Do we have any tax 14 till noon at 560 wqa m
Here's the call in Davy hello
Good morning, yes sir, we're gonna have a little hockey talk with you
Um, I need your honest opinion on something
Marty McSorley out of the league grade
What do you mean out of the league agreed you think he should be kicked out of the league no
No, I'm gonna be tired. They should spend it in the rest of the year in the playoffs and then he'll retire
He is out of the league. He won't be coming back
Um, you said you were sent with Denos. It's a really last game correct. Yeah
Uh, what do you think about his incident back in 1988?
What do you do to look rich or sick when he was on the show?
Well, what do I think about it? Do you think that he should have got
Uh, other than more than just the nights in jail?
No, all I did was see the uh tape of it
No, I don't I don't know. I didn't I didn't see it the slow-mo free-stream and 400,000
That's another thing. Yeah, all right
You lived this one. They've showed at least 50,000 times in the last three days. Oh, you know people love
Blood and guns. Absolutely. What can you do?
Ideally on enclosing
Methan Dean has no penis
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the lady in high alia. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I got the truckers
And I got it from the Harold so let's be true. Yeah. This is different truckers
Say dishes these are the dump truck drivers and they're not delivering fill and gravel and rock
So they're slowing down all of the road projects. Why is that why aren't they delivering? They need a 35% increase in the race
They can't make ends meet. Yeah, and the reason they might know I was yesterday's story about the fact that
They were making all the money last year and now they're losing the ranch. I saw that well
This is from phage today. Okay, and the reason they might not be on the polo
It's because they don't any drivers plan to dramatize their plate by taking a convoy of dump trucks through downtown Miami streets
So if you don't have to come down there for any reason. I wouldn't go to downtown Miami anyway, so don't blame it
But that you know that just clears up a little bit. Maybe I'm starting to use every first cargo went back dump trucks didn't
Okay, thanks for the bad news. All right. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a four-loader deal. Hello
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. You almost done me almost
Um, I was at the I worked last night
And I was listening to the game and you can ask somebody to call you and confirm this
But jigs mcdonald last night said that the guy ran into Peter
Where else? Elbow
That's what he said. I don't care. What he said just like Denise potpan saying it was a shoulder not
I don't care what anybody said. I saw it and they showed it 400 times and I know what it was
It was an elbow to the head but I was listening to it on the radio. Yeah
And he said it would keep ran and to why do you keep repeating that? I know that I don't I let me say it again
I don't care what he said okay
When you're dealing with people who give you a one-sided view of what happened to give you a a painted version of the fact
It means nothing to me. I saw it
And and I'll say it again. He had no business being out there because even if he did hit him with a shoulder with his
Reputation and the way he cheap shots people all the time sooner later. He's gonna get called for it
He had no business being out there with a game on the line
Well, I was out there on Monday and he had no business being in
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line the out of town line is open and working. I believe line nine. Let's check it out. Okay
Oh, it's clean as a whistle to me 877 7 8 5 63 45
Thank God for these lines that work
Here's North Miami. Hello, yes, I'm happy to be here. Neil
Hello, yes, yeah, they're happy to be here. Yeah
Oh
Let me ask you something what's hope?
What's holding you back? I'm not to be tiring
Yeah, why I said what's holding you back? I'm not retiring. I know that you don't like a flower. Anyway, let me ask you something
What's holding you back on switching the dial?
Well, I mean what's holding you back? I just got you asking you a question. What's holding you back on switching the dial?
I switch your daughter. I mean for one meal to another show to another station. Why?
Because you obviously don't like this one
Well, I mean, give me an answer. What's your answer? You give me an answer. You're listening voluntarily. Okay
Here because I have to be here. What about you? Do you have to be listening?
I like it. Comment a lot, you know, okay good and we don't like your calls. You sound like a retard
567 05 60 pound 5
How can you which on the back? We don't need to be assholes like you are holding me back sir
What the hell would I do with myself if I couldn't come in and talk to the intelligentsia of South Florida every day like you sir
What the hell would life be worth living without talking to wonderful people like you I
Would say about a million bucks is holding me back. Okay, you got it
Write me a check and I'll wait for it to clear the bank and if it clears you won't hear me no more. Okay. Your problems will be over
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello
Hey, you know, you got a different kind of take report. She's got a traffic cord
I got a ticket a couple months ago for a speeding but I saw the cup
Holding his pickup book in his hand and not the radar gun
And I drove by him downshifted and I guess my car wrapped up so we got pissed because how could I have the gall to do that in front of him
So he gives me a ticket. I go there and I tell the judge
Hey, and I didn't even see him
He wasn't even holding the um
laser and
When I did tell the cop that he said what do you think I made it up and then he ran back gave me a second split
As soon as I set that to the judge
She said guilty
Don't shepherd that
Coffee because the cop never why
I
When I say yeah, yeah
And I don't know you saw you know how come
567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line out of town line is waiting on you 877
785 6345
Here's coconut Creek hello
Coconut Creek
Listener Nail yes sir, but I have a update on our favorite sheriff in Brad County
You're word that you plan on running for mayor of Brad County if the refer that knew that news is older than last year's
Hall of Law yes, sir
You were aware that he trails in the pools by 140%
Well, I don't know yeah, you got a trinamon chance. Well, that's great, but I just filled out my absentee ballot
Right and the referendum question is on that yeah, but if the public
passes that thing we're in for a real trouble
Because you're gonna have another little mellow
Remember that name yeah
And that action okay, thank you
567 oh, I'm gonna tell you seriously. I'm having a difficult time staying awake. Okay. I'm having a real tough time staying awake
Oh, hold you back
560 505 60 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line
Out of town line. We're waiting on you people over there all over the world all over the universe
877 785 6345 we pay for it
That line and after you have no idea took a threat and threatening to take them the court to put in that line
And it actually works most of the time and it's in there is dead as a door nail
Just like this town just like this state that is a freaking door nail
Here's limey beach hello
Hey, good morning. Yes, sir
That uh, hockey player that slash the uh the other hockey player morning sorely. Yeah, we could use them over here to make a make the rounds at the
local TV stations
Maxim sense in these
newscasters here on a lighter note
I got a call from a marketing firm
out of South Dakota or something in market research
where they were
Again, the whole I guess the whole crux of the conversation. All reason for the study was that
they're trying to get a feel for
public funds and the stadium and they asked everything from
What do you think of John Henry Neil Wayne iZenga?
On the scale of one to five favorable and favorable yeah, so they're they're actually putting money out to
So you they don't have to do that they could have just heard our poll yesterday. Yeah, well they paid they're paying big money
I guess to pull the public and
Yeah, they're looking to pull the public all right that's cole that's what one of the big things that they're really trying to play for
And they kept asking the question over and over what about tax and the cruise ship passengers and extra
Three
Thanks have a great day. I'm trying like I said give me some no-dose George
I'm having a very difficult time. They all sound like they're just on the verge of going into a Vanessa like coma
Okay, maybe they wanted to watch it a little bit too much guiding light. Uh-huh. Might have put them over the edge
Maybe they're rubbing that lip balm on their lips too much
409 votes yesterday 366 will you approve a spending tax dollars for new baseball stadium in South Florida?
366 said no only 43 said yes
89 to 11 percent 89 and a half to 10 and a half percent to be more precise
Overwhelmingly positively. No, that's all you need to know
Four minutes till noon at 560
Your coma-inducing station QAM
This is 560 QAM
Manila Roger show sports radio 560
QAM
My dad
My dad
Is an apple
It's big now
It's all in trouble
Yes, the old guy
This is the new guy
He's been to
No
Back in the kitchen for they belong
Now you know why I was
After what that's my
You're crazy
It's a crazy you
Or after all of my hit record all that my dad ever said
So they think you find a job when you get back from
In this love you find that
Give them an apple
I'll take out
You think I'll pull
Yes, the old guy
This is the new guy
He's been to
No, that's a charming draw
In the kitchen
For they belong
And behind
They make things
They're the most
I would say that we don't know
But I know you're the most
I know you're the most
I know you're the most
I know you're the most
I know you're the most
I can do it
I can do it
I can do it
I can do it
And that's my fault for not remembering the name
That's Murray, the old crocheted disgusting old fart
I called before
What's your
R
He's
Let me see, I remember
I never called him already before
But the rest
The one I called yesterday on this show
Which part is more
physical, more violent
Footballer Hockey
And then he calls the worst team this morning
With the same question
The only difference being
He's one of their chronics
Because they're much of pussy
So they're willing to talk to the same
10, 15 people day after day after day
Whether it's richy from Borset
Whether it's ability the
Jet's fan
Billie the Marlon
Whoever the hell it is
And then it's up noxious old Murray
With celebrating his hundred and eighty-fifth birthday today
Cox a hoist Murray okay
Cox a hoist
The Q&M van will be in Hollywood today
And Miguel will not be there
I'm sorry about that
I'll think that
The nephew may have naked pictures of Miguel
That hand out in lieu of that
Try my Thai restaurants
Where they're going to be at 20 or one Harrison street in Hollywood
With passes to the third annual New Times International
Beer Festival which is tomorrow
You call that a penis
From 1230 to 130 pm
Well it's close to
Right next to that
They're going to be at the
Try my Thai restaurant I say they
Chris the nephew in the Q&M van
Look for it and you know make him feel like he's
Wanted
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line
Here's a lady in Hollywood hello
Hi, hello you Nia
Okay, I just wanted to say that
I was really happy to see Trevor kid back in that last night
He did a spectacular job
I knew he would
He was the only guy that showed up to play the game last night
As far as I was concerned
And everyone's crying over whether
That was a good call or a bad call
It really didn't matter because if we were to play it hockey for the first 59 minutes and 45 seconds
We never would have been in that position
You know
So I just wanted to say
Even in addition that they still had the game one after Coslaus Petoli shot
They still had the game one
And because they cannot play defense
This team refuses to play defense
They refuse to hit anybody as a result of that
That's why they let him back in the game
And then he puts this guy back out there again
Three times in the last five minutes
And just like an open invitation
Just wait for disaster and see if we can't give the game away and they did
Yeah and it seems like lately that's all they ever do is give the games away
So I hope they get their ass together before the playoffs though
I'm real dubious about what they're going to play for Terry Murray
I have my doubts
Really?
Yeah
I think I might be able to play together
I hope so
Okay
All right take care of Neil
See you
Well have a chance in Carolina
And I will have the game for you here on QAM 7 o'clock tonight
Carolina Huracun
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60 on the AT&T line
Out of timeline is the dormant
They got nothing for us today
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4
They're out there busy buying that stock we can't talk about
Aren't they the ones that are buying it?
Oh yeah
They're lined up
Here's a mobile in Miami
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah I was calling about uh
Yeah
Yeah likely story
Here's a mobile in North Miami hello
Neil
Yes sir
Yeah that got to call about the uh judge uh
Finding him guilty
You can tell him and everybody else in date can
He come to presidential elections remember these judges
Because they have their elections at the same time
And nobody gives a damn who gets in there
They're more concerned with the presidential election than these judges
And as far as carpool lane is concerned
All that will find what he goes to the SH2
What are you talking about and as far as the carpool lane
Well what are you talking about?
Well I'm talking referring to a show you have
Well backed by the tempered pines police
Uh
About the carpool lane
Well that's another item
That's uh the carpool lane doesn't work
The lane is where is there a carpool lane in Pemberpines
I said referring to the same uh subject
It is
Sure it is with the police the uh
Pines police and the carpool lane
Well that's fine
That fine money goes to the other budget
That's why they're pushing yourself
Marching it's not the mention that they're putting themselves in harm's way
And the motorists in harm's way doing what they're doing
Okay, whatever you say sir
Anybody know what he's talking about
No we left the interpreter home again today
Damn it I hate when that happens
Because I haven't got any idea what these people are talking about
I don't want to talk about all your complaint
About your goddamn traffic tickets
I told my story about nearly getting killed by somebody
Because it affects all of us
Because someday one of you may out there
May god forbid get killed by somebody who's running a red light
And that's the kind of police work we want to see get done
But all these people that got their own little beast
About somebody got a ticket and somebody went to court
That's about as exciting as picking god damn corn kernels
Out of your breakfast
Okay
And what about this genetically engineered corn
Does that come out the same way it goes in
Well thank god for that
Because otherwise what are some of these people going to do in their spirit time
Here's Miami hello
Miami
Hey Neil how you doing okay
This is kind of an old story now I've been on hold for a while
But down here on 5th game of 28th
At least 50 dumb trucks
Hunk in their horns with flags waving
Yeah
Took up all of this game boulevard for good 15 minutes
I don't know if someone's already called and told you about that
But entertaining is hell
What do you mean it's entertaining is hell
Because I'm not driving
Okay, thanks
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60 on the 18th line
This is this is the worst
Every time you think you've reached the lowest point of your life
This today is the all-time worst
We've had days with fewer calls in fact very recently
And we've had days when you know more lines were working with fewer calls
But
The content of it Georgia's eyes are like slits
They're like Asian eyes at this point
Just barely open it
It just slits
In fact, I think we ought to start drinking a slits or two minutes
It'll keep us awake
You know what I'm saying
Oh my god
You talk about
lack of material
That could go for slits
Yeah, slits
rhymes with
NFL star thanks Jesus after successful double homicide
Charleston, South Carolina
Washington, Redskins defensive end
The Andre Banks gave all thanks and praise to my personal lord and savior
Jesus Christ Monday
Forgiving the strength he needs a fatally stabbed
Bouncer Isaac Edmund
And ex-girlfriend Nicole Hamilton outside of Charleston nightclub
Early Sunday morning
All glory in the Jesus the 25 year old bank
So we've ended the University of South Carolina told reporters from his cell
In the Charleston County jail
He is with me in this dark hour as he was in our devastating
14-13 playoff laws to the bucket of yours
His love will see me through this
According to police reports that approximately 230 AM
A visibly intoxicated bank
Became involved in altercation with Edmunds regarding who would accompany Hamilton home
When Edmunds attempted to restrain bank
The 288 pound devout Christian produced a knife
And sad banks and Hamilton repeatedly
He then fled to the home of girlfriend and Hooters waitress
Lisa Nolan and nearby summerville
Jesus the Hooter waitress to top it all off
All right
Jesus will be proud of that
Because Jesus likes big hooters
Halle Luya
You know yesterday toward the end of the show I made a comment
Which I've made about 25 million times before
But I want to be fair
I was asking people I was talking about neighborhoods that have become so bad
We're talking about 79th and Miss Gaines of matter of fact
Lemon city
So today I'm going to give you an opportunity equal time
Since I'm perceived as being a racist and a basher of dark complex and folks
I would like to give you a chance to call in with all the neighborhoods that have improved
That have gotten better since dark folks moved in
What?
You don't think that's going to take very long
No just stop and think about it tell me all the neighborhoods not just here
But we have people from all over the country
Tell me about all the neighborhoods that have gotten markedly better and the safer and better places to live
Since black people moved in and we can kind of even it out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pounds 5 60 on the AT&T line nine minutes past noon acutely him
I have to stop right now
Yes I'm the illustrious John Randley
You may be interested in now that my lovely wife and I have written a book concerning
Our own theories surrounding the tragic death of our lovely little daughter
Now as you well know the police found no footprints in this snow around our home
So that leads us to believe it was the work of the Obsidian order
sending assassins into our home by protocol transport beans surrounded by blue light the Ramsey's dream theory
Yeah
Well from random killing books. Okay 12 14 to 5 50 WQ have our poll question yesterday was about the
Are you a hockey fan and it was pretty what what we're upset at our surprise
250 said yes 134 said no today's poll questions America needs stronger gun control laws and so far we have one short of 100 votes
99 votes
72% 72 say
And 27 say so the percentages are pretty easy to figure out since it's almost 100 votes
72 and a half percent say yes and 27 and a half percent say no
Like about three to one, but you still have plenty of time between now and 10 o'clock tomorrow morning to vote just to click on neo-ranges.com
And vote on a website and you know
Yeah, but nobody's gonna shoot you
You vote unless you're just in the wrong neighborhood at the wrong time
5 6 7 0 5 60 you know people have been telling me about all these other alternatives
We have the bell south and all different phone systems that are available all the other things that we could be doing
You know, huh? There are
Yeah, sure way
You're the mobile mobile than Jupiter hello. Yeah, my name is Mitch. I'm calling. I'm on the term pike today
I'm on a cell phone on my own nickels. I'm a long time listener's second time caller. I
Can you hear me? Okay. Yes. Okay. When I got to the ticket terminus that we are stopped paying tolls and you get a little ticket
Well, the tickets are little
They reduced the size of the tickets. They're now about the size of a
A ticket that you get a Gulf Stream or something. Yeah
And
I had a tell and I'm I don't understand. What do what does that mean the tickets are little
No, you know, when you call in the Trump hiking you want to go to a land or someplace
If you regular size ticket is about um, so how big does the ticket have to be? Are you blind?
I mean, I shouldn't stop you from driving obviously because this is Florida, but I mean how small are they?
They're one inch five four inches. Yeah
I guess I had a nostalgic
Bow to my body. Okay, well listen that should let me just put it to this way sir
That should be your worst problem and it sounds to me like four inches is plenty in your case
This is the kind of thing like I said before
Here's the story about this girl in little son Colorado
She survived all this horror and trauma and then she sees a guy
Well, it brains out right by the school
And that's what these people are worried about the one guy's worried about the goddamn
Passing lane there whatever it is in pepper pines, which they don't have one and it's guys worried about how big it is and the ticket too
There is no hope
There is no hope so when I tell you day after day when I honestly pour my heart out to you and tell you I'm here to get a paycheck
I'm not here to save the human race. I'm here to give everybody a few yucks and to do my best to fake my way through four hours
Talking to idiots, gozo's morons, imbosils, low-life no-lives
I mean if this is if this is what my life revolved around believe me
I just roll my brains out immediately. I'd be right out here on 441
I'd cruise on up to the very first pawn shop I could find and right there
And I'm gonna go to 441 blow my brains up. It's cheaper to take her clothes off and jump from there. Light him over my beautiful Corvette
If that's how vacuous my life was that that's something that I would that I would consider how big the ticket is they give you on the turnpike
My life will never be the same. I mean if I was concerned with size all my life
I'd have a real complex. Okay, you do the best you can with what you got
560 705 60 pound 560 on the 18t line. This is special today. Is it special? Uh-huh. You bet your sweet ass
Here's a mobile informiers. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not about giving that crease back to the bully
That second goal last night. Sure. Let me say it for the 8 million time
There's nothing wrong with the rule the goal
He never had any business to have the whole crease and in addition to which there's a thing called the fence
Which is supposed to keep guys out of there
That's the name of the game and the rule is different this year and the goal did count and go have a nice life with Terry Murray
Okay
Stop crying and whining and make an excuses for a team that isn't playing well. That's given games away
That's giving Christmas gifts in February
You don't get it through you sir. You don't understand if I have to choose between the way they're enforcing the world this year
And what they did the last couple of years that with that toenail and the crease believe me this year beats it all to hell
And if it would have been one of the panthers that was in the crease and stuff that in there
Just like Darcy Tucker with his first goal for least last night that I'm really shoved a puck in the night on the rebound
But went flying in there himself just to make sure it went in the net and not only be score one last night
But thank God because I've been rough and man asked scored two
I know work the way from Darcy
Off the board to the near side of the right
I'm back in the net for the park corner hope that has to hustle after it plays in a head for Matt
Fundy one man back
Fundy in the old line looking for someone
But because we're so intensive after the podiums today we could do the right
He's in the center
Thank God desperate, but we'll take it. I mean desperate hanging on for dear life 5 6 7 0 5 all look at that
Look at that all of a sudden it's a miracle. Do you believe in miracles? Yeah
Yes
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami sir. Yes, sir. What are those two come from those two man those two idiots that were on before which ones
We've had a run on them here now. They must be having a tale of pennies. Anyways, you asked a question about the neighborhoods
Yes, the only one that I can think of right off my head and that's because I've been doing a lot of work up there is a pretty
Georgia's county in Maryland
It's
Almost completely black and
Property values have done up quite substantially. Why?
Of course, it's up on middle class professional folks that are moving in there
But other than that I can't think of anything in any other place anywhere anywhere not one so
Regardless good you know, well, that's the first out of my list. Thank you sir
Okay, there you go Prince George's County, Maryland. How about here in South Florida? Got any? I'm waiting
Neighborhoods that have improved since black people moved in
How about North-Aid no North Miami Beach. No North Miami. No
lemon city no
5 6 7 I mean see I just wonder about that I
Just don't get that and please don't give me the song and then it's about white flight and everybody else moves out
But so what does that necessarily mean the neighborhood got to turn into a slum and into a toilet?
Does that necessarily have to happen? No, no
I mean, you know, there could be a whole bunch of pull-offs moving your neighborhood tomorrow. Is that mean good means gonna be a slum? Well
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, a nail. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
Great interesting toppings today, but what's that all the neighborhood? Oh
I can tell you I don't I can't say a one-place that has improved
Yeah, you can tell you from experience. Leave it in New York
How neighborhood's bitching after they moved yeah, so we had we had we ran an apartment building in New York in Queens
Yeah, northern Boulevard 82nd Street from a hundred and twenty-fifth down on on 200 of his up or northern Boulevard. It was all black. Yeah
You can actually draw a line
on the floor and see how they were moving up on the blocks
Okay, yeah, it's it's an invisible border like an invasion. Yeah, it was an invisible border
You know the houses that were all nice and taken care of they were not being in purple
And green and crap like that the cars all over the place. Yeah, they don't you like a purple Cadillac though? Yeah, right
And one more thing
That Marty, uh, Miss Orley. Yes, it should be lined up in shots
And all he had to say all he said maybe they should look maybe they should look down over share pull the trigger
Oh, all he said in the interview was he's a bad judgment. Yeah, I made a mistake. Yeah. Well, maybe if we pull the trigger
Be a bad judgment to all the white on three so my point exactly. Okay. I have a great thing and I like to get on my place to guard
Okay
Praise God, praise week Jesus
After your stab a couple of people first and you do it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I mean seriously if people want a belly ache about this whole thing about the
People being put upon then why is it necessary that if I let you move into my neighborhood and all the people whether you're black or purple or green or yellow or drive a pimple
Beel or whatever you drive
Why does this quality of the neighborhood have to go into a toilet? I don't understand that
inexcusable and then you turn around and you blame people for moving out see I don't get that
People move out because they don't want to live in a slum. They don't want to live in a toilet
We got a couple of black people in my neighborhood and
That's enough
Here's a mobile and gents and beach hello
gents and beach
Hey Neil all right great. I grew up in
Miss Georgia's Cali Merrill. I'm glad I'm not there anymore
I'll devise of those properties only one up because of the
Quarters that were given for people to get into the government
And that's why the mid you know
Upper middle class professionals a white flight without the Virginia if you want to see
Pobby values going up. Yeah, yeah in Virginia and Howard County and
Croft in the areas like that. That's where it's going up. That's where the flight is moved or Southern Merrillon is going up
dramatically, but PG County the hell really I grew up there. Yeah
So I don't know I mean I can't imagine it be
Being embraced
That's okay. All right. I got you down. Thank you. So the other guy
Well, look I was making intent you know
He was trying desperately to find one answer the question and he may have been reaching a little bit
Thank you was reaching a little bit for it just like the other guy was reaching for his four inch just stub
5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean that that may have been even better than the guy who want oh, it's big enough sorting the buffet
I'll save that for another day that thing about attacking the buffet. That's a great fact
I'm not really sure which one was better. How do you attack the buffet the Chinese buffet or then this guy with his four inch stub
That's worried about how big it is on the turnpike
25 I mean
Seriously, it is terrifying to think that there were people out there who would take four seconds out of their life to and I use the term life you're loosely
To a to ponder such a
A serious matter. This is where the visor holds it in place just to say that they have big ones and the stub too
Mom's in high school
I go to grandma's house and I score three
She's what she will move on and see me
Grandma has got it and I see that
Tell me her poor
She's a good athlete but she'll never smash me grandma on thirty four
When mom goes to fall she needs to say goodbye
You
I bet you the nephew was at the Tri-My-Tai restaurant, 2001 Harrison Street in Hollywood right now.
The passes to the third annual.
New Times International beer fest, he's there from out of 130.
You only got one hour to get in there.
And he's also got those naked pictures of Miguel and also some old soil underwear.
What's that number on the out of town line?
877-785-6345.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Great.
I want to put my vote in for number 100, push it over the top there on the guns.
Yeah.
They can number 100.
And also Gary Bettman, I thought he was an asshole, but he did the right thing with Buxola.
He didn't do it.
Well, I mean, you can call him.
And Campbell's the one that makes the decision. Gary Bettman, he's just a pimp.
He just sits back and defends whatever they do.
I mean, they just go.
They just go to show you the PNHL.
I mean, at least they stepped up and did that.
Yeah, finally, it's about time and the reason that they did it was because there was such a massive protest and outcry.
And because everybody had to see it about 400 times, it would have been unacceptable to do any less.
Great comparison and contrast.
I was in New York the other day.
I went and saw the Rangers in Islanders game.
Right. There's people with a bunch of assholes, but let me tell you something.
I mean, they get into their hockey.
You don't see anybody talking on cell phones.
You don't see anybody pop up up up and down.
Right.
They're watching the game when the game is on.
They have the little things in the intermission, but when the game is on, the game is on.
And they're watching it.
Then I went and saw the Ottawa game on Monday.
Oh, they count.
You know, in Toronto on the All Star game, the practice.
The practice for the All Star game, the day before, they sold tickets in the Air Canada Center for 1495 a piece.
Not only did they sell out the arena for practice, they had, they were scalping them for 75 to 150 bucks outside.
Last night after a six game, winless streak for Toronto, they had 539 standing room only.
In other words, more than 500 above capacity at the Air Canada Center.
How are you speaking of the Canadian teams? How does Montreal, how are they selling out the Molson Center?
They had a thousand on soul seats.
They got the seat. They made the arena too big.
They got over 21,000 seats.
Right.
And they had a thousand on soul for the game two nights ago, but they're doing a lot better.
So Toronto is the one Canadian team that does consistently.
Every game, yeah.
But I mean, much you're only doing bad. I mean, 19, 20,000 games, not bad, not shabby.
Just maybe a suggestion for your next poll. Maybe who will be the first player to take a stick upside world head before the end of the year?
Okay. All right. Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
See these people resist. They don't want it. They don't like it. They all, he's our hero.
He's with a smart plug. He's what makes it exciting. Okay. Whatever you say.
I'll tell Pogger you said so.
Here's a mobile in Helen Dale. Hello.
Yeah. Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. hockey greatest game in the world.
Yes, it is.
Yeah. That war for Panthers.
He should be picking cotton. He's no hockey player. For a guy to say.
Should be picking cotton.
Yes, he should.
Yeah. And this is going to beat about this basketball.
You know, the passing ball down here, you know, bunch of knuckles right here.
Station ball.
Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
This guy was in Helen Dale, by the way. Just mention that.
What did I say the other day? I don't want to talk to anybody over 125.
Okay.
If you've passed your 125th birthday, we're delighted to have you listening to the
new Roger show here on QA. We don't want to speak to you.
We're adamant. We will not speak to you. If you're over 180 years old like this last guy,
we will not talk to you. We won't waste our time with you. Please put your teeth back in the glass.
Stop pretending you have some material. Go back and eat your wheat.
Tina and get out of my face and squeeze your bag a couple of times.
Okay. Yeah.
Maybe I have a, like this thing I was reading about the, the dogs, the pureed of people with the dogs with the
kitty litter and the doggy litter. Maybe they ought to have a collocative bag litter box.
And Helen Dale and certain sunrise and surf side and Tamarack and so many other parts of this
geriatric dying rotting festering town.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. Yes. Can you hear me? I hear you. Loudly.
Yeah, I'm going through a, uh, here you're just like you're sitting next door.
Okay. First time call a long time listener. I just moved back from Germany. I've been living there for seven years.
And hello. I'm listening. You playing Deutschland duper Alice.
No, I'm not. I'm playing the beach. The beach boards, the back, the boys in the background because they got shattered last night. Go ahead.
All right. So, um, seven years out of Miami and it's still lame town. No, it's a class town with a bunch of lame people.
It's a class town. Yeah. What does that mean? The weather is fantastic. The beaches are great.
And that's what makes class. No, the people make class. So why did you say it's a class town? I don't understand what you're talking about.
Class town with lame people. What makes it a class town? Let me say it again for the third time.
I don't know. Okay. Thanks. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT is that the people who are blocking a roads off in their trucks.
Crazy Cubans that ride around on the streets going I I I. Is that okay? Is it the corrupt politicians are bleeding all the tax money out of the up taxpayers pocket?
Uh-huh. Is it all the goddamn fixed elections? Uh-huh. Thank you. It's a class town. The toilet.
Why can't you just tell it like it is or it's a toilet. We're not offended here. Everybody that's here knows it's true.
Miami is a toilet flush it. Now. Just open up the window and they punch in a Roma as managed would say the stench of Kalmanur.
It's the air and it's not just because I'm the dolphin 62 to 7 lost the Jacksonville and that umptuous playoff game.
All of that might be a part of it. So what do you guys think we need to do to read tool for next year? I mean we're so close this year. We were so close.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Nio. Yes. How you doing, buddy? Okay. Okay. Listen to me about black people moving in. Yes. Um.
If you don't want to. I understand. I think it was legal. Right. What was not? What was an elbow of the head? It looked more shoulder.
Let me say it again. It was an elbow of the head, but regardless. He had no business being out there. That's my point. What the hell was he going to do?
He goes over and flatten the guy against the boards with a few seconds left in regulation. You're going in overtime. He's a man without a brain.
It was a pretty dumb thing. It's sorry. I'm ready to do to put him out there. What is what we got to do? Do you have any other defense?
Then you get us out of this little slump here or can we go into the place of what we got?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. See the poor yesterday on our website was. Are you a hockey fan? Not do you know anything about it?
Because if we were to ask you know anything about it, the answer would have been no. No. No. I mean that's why I didn't waste my time because the obvious question is no.
Sir, if you think I would dignify a question like that, wasting the audience's time by responding to it. If you can't for yourself, come up with the answer to that.
Is it like my first call yesterday? Remember the first call yesterday? Hey Neil, what are you? We got a chance against the cops tonight. What do you think? What do you think?
Call the sports shows for that kind of crap. Okay. Don't waste my time with that kind of swill.
What's the over and under on the Tilly Wings game at Cooper City. I'd his week.
Really, and we're having a tough time today. Georgia's spinning his head around like Linda Blair, like a dreidel and heat.
And I'm sitting here just kind of playing my navel and wondering about that four inches. This has to be a record today.
This is a right. And we're getting a lot of calls now. We're getting out of the phones work. We're getting a lot of calls. Are we getting anyone to make any sense? No. Maybe we've wanted to. Yeah, we got quantity. Don't expect quality in this town.
But it's a class town. Make no mistake about that. This is five sixty Q.A.L. The sports leader.
We have to leave. Sports radio five sixty Q.A.L. The sports now is big in a boat of us. Ladies and gentlemen, this is mumbles number five.
And she got it.
What do you talk about? Please tell me.
Stop it.
Monica and I like a little bit of other.
I like.
What is there?
You know, for a week.
We're going to be our.
I'm going to be.
I'm going to be.
I'm going to stand up.
And let's go.
And we're going to be.
All right.
No.
It's been a guess of all.
You know, yeah.
We're going to be.
Take.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
We're going to be.
It's going to be.
And if you want to know more.
And if you want to know what.
Now go ahead and sing this song.
Hello.
And how have some artists come here?
Well, Э qued,
of course the antenna looks good by comparison.
Yeah. But the boys were good last night.
I got it, man. I was a little skeptical about them,
but you opened my eyes to them.
Oh, they have talent. I don't know how much.
Usually when I see them perform live, it's pretty disappointing,
but they were good last night. It's right.
Kevin really, really spastic. Yeah, Kevin didn't look too good either.
He's starting to look like that that's a monster he was playing in that one video.
He's a makeover bad, but I think that's probably the one guy
who would make it on his own if they've ever had for big part.
Actually, the best singer in the group is Brian,
which is interesting because he was the last member of the group.
He's Kevin's cousin and he was like an actor thought.
And Brian, I think he's easily the best singer in a group, but never less.
Yeah, they were good, and it was great seeing that the well with Elton John
that filled up your freedom.
Great song, great idea.
Yeah, bless whoever thought of it.
And I just want to close by saying I was cursed with my birthday February 29th.
The best present I get every four years on have a birthday.
He's knowing it's your anniversary on the year.
All right.
And I'm grateful for it.
Yeah, but just think how you the younger Stan.
Well, I'm hidden double digits this year, so people are getting over.
Okay.
Take it easy.
Happy birthday.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, there's your guys who's like, let's see if he's 40s only 10 years old.
That's not too bad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and see all these, you know, in fact,
I'm going to talk about the head for phobics.
That major ones use that's your money here.
Head for phobics. That's me.
Because I'm watching last night and Elton does the duet and fill off your freedom
and the backstreet boys are like, hovering over the piano.
It was great.
And the audience is going, not too as wonderful.
And then at the end of the number, he comes out and he calls them out in the front of the stage.
He plows his like, ring into the place.
And he like hugs each one of the guys.
And then as he's going to go hug Nick at that point, the camera falls back and we go to commercial.
See?
Now, don't they understand that the fags want to see Elton John and the Carter,
whether it was like a maybe a little lip lock there, or something might have been going on.
Grinding.
Yeah, because I noticed Nick's hand kept wagging like this like he was right when we were singing.
And it was down like a little lower.
But at any rate, how seriously they don't get it.
They just don't understand it.
I think we need a lot more fag directors on these shows instead of just performers.
So anyway, speaking of a maybe we'll take a poll next week on which one of the dolphin players I'm sorry.
So a choice draper was in here, former dolphin running back for about five minutes.
And he told me yesterday he gave me a list as long as his arm of dolphin players who are like,
I don't want to say the word on the year, but nevertheless.
He said they float like a butterfly and sting like a butterfly.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Oh, hi.
I'm surprised you can tell I'm a woman. I've got a bad cold.
That's okay.
I'll enjoy this for that.
I always George, because he puts it up there on the screen.
I always take his word for it.
And the worst thing that'll happen, you'll say, here's a lady, an alphagot or the thing.
It'll be some guy, but that's George, you know.
Okay. Well, I love your show.
And I do live in the neighborhood where the property values and the crime rate are going
in the right direction, then it's becoming very, very, very integrated.
And in Fort Lauderdale, just kind of stop a downtown.
If you know where Broward General Hospital is, I don't know how to talk.
Oh, that's a bad place.
Not.
I mean, it's possible.
Oh, well, you don't want to go to the hospital.
No way.
He's done enough of that.
Don't let them go into that place.
But I agree.
But it is an integrated neighborhood now.
I've been here for 21 years, and it's very, very integrated now.
And property values are soaring.
Great.
Excellent.
I've been moving out and nobody's panicking.
Everybody's just wonderful.
And it's a nice mix.
We had a few businesses.
We've got young people who got old people.
Well, that's good.
So when I saw my house in a year or two, to a black family with 10 or 12 children,
I don't want my neighbors to start going into a panic.
Well, I mean, there's nothing negative I can say about our neighborhood being integrated.
I truly can't.
Excellent. Well, God bless you, sweetheart.
And feel, feel, feel, feel.
Love your show.
Keep up the good work.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
See, there you go. There's one people thought I was being sarcastic and stupid with this.
If you keep fishing and poking and probing enough, you'll find something.
And I think that should be a lesson on you, darkies.
I mean, on you, a black people out there.
Just because you move into a neighborhood doesn't mean you got a trashot.
Doesn't mean you got to scare all the white people about walking around in the daytime.
No, seriously, I walk around at night a lot.
And you kind of like blended into the scenery.
Nobody even knows you're there.
You walk out in the daytime and man, oh man.
Sticks out like a sore thumb.
Oh my God, look at that.
It's a dark person.
We got a cool problem in the neighborhood.
Of course, being out there in West Prower like I know we had like possums and cunes for years out there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We have had possums and cunes out there.
It's like it used to be the wilderness out there.
And it is not anymore.
It's like becoming very, very like dense.
I mean, really dense.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey there.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing now?
Great.
Hey, listen, I've been listening to you for a while and I really appreciate you opening up a forum for people to express your opinion.
You're a fan.
Listen, I'm going to tell you, man, I don't understand maybe you can explain it to me because it's real strange, man.
It's 21st century coming up, it's year 2000.
I just don't understand what's all the ignorance.
I mean, it's cool for everybody to be their own person, have their own opinions.
But fear, it's just like that's just old.
It's just arrogant ignorance and it's ridiculous.
Fear of what?
Fear of people, man.
It's mostly fear themselves.
People fear their weaknesses and they just can't handle being around other people.
And they express it in negative ways.
And I'm watching TV last night and I'm watching this thing on an A&E about violent storage animals that lead to our zero killers and stuff.
And it's just like it's bizarre.
And it's all because of fear that people have.
I just don't understand that.
It's just like, what are they afraid of?
People are afraid of what they are afraid of that makes them violent toward animals.
I don't understand that.
Well, it leads towards violence towards people.
You know, and it's all, you know, the reason I'm bringing up animals, I'm just, it's just an example of just, you know, people expressing their violence and their fears through ignorance.
And it's just ridiculous, you know.
What do you think about that?
I really don't know what you're talking about.
Fear of what?
I mean, if you go to an ATM 11 o'clock at night and it's pitch black outside and some big black guy comes up behind you, are you going to be afraid?
If he's black, if he's white, if anybody comes up and stands five feet behind me at an ATM, I'm going to be concerned, yeah.
Well, let me ask you this. If he was a big black guy, like 20 years old, waiting about to look like a big linebacker and he stood behind you, would you be more fearful than if he was a white guy?
I'll be honest with you, man. I'm actually 23 years old and I spent quite a few years, you know, traveling through Miami on a metro public transportation, all kinds of stuff.
Right.
I know how to handle myself in public.
If I'm not going to be more fearful than I have, I have no fear.
It's not a matter of not having to, I have a healthy fear.
But I don't want to direct it at people, you know, as if it's going to ruin my real estate. That's ridiculous.
Right. You know what I'm saying?
So in other words, if 10 black families moved into your neighborhood tomorrow, you wouldn't panic and start putting a poor sales sign on your house.
Absolutely not.
Okay. And where do you live?
I live in Corgales.
Okay.
I'll get a hold of your builder right after this show.
All right, man. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Corgales might not mind, huh?
He might mind, but his neighbors might start, you know, getting a little bit upset with him.
And then they will fear you.
Yeah, that's right. Like they said in Godfather, then they will fear you all over thinking his case.
It might be the other way around, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Then he will fear them.
Coral Gables.
I think it would be nice if we had a lot of black people living in Coral Gables.
Oh.
Yeah, let's forget about it.
Let's forget that's 10 and it was ever born.
Okay. All I can say is, they come over.
Oh, God.
Oh, and then corn got one too last night.
As if that wasn't bad enough, which I guess you like corn.
Yeah, I like corn.
Yeah, because it comes out the way it goes in.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I've said it the best corn we used to make out of barbecue.
You know, you wrap it in tin foil and you put the butter in the butter.
Oh, man.
Get smoky.
Mmm.
Hey, by the way, speaking of the Indian, don't forget we're going to be at the Seminole Indian Casino this Saturday, February 26, noon to two.
Miguel will be there with the prize wheel.
Giveaways.
George will be there.
Broca Bryant and yours truly noon to two in the Saturday at the Seminole Indian Casino Hollywood corner sterling in 441.
God only knows what you might walk away with.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach garden.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What's this?
This is me.
Hey, nail.
How you doing?
Great.
Great show.
Listen.
I don't know if you can hear me.
I'm calling you from the garden.
I'm saying, Sam, you're a whole question.
I don't know if any neighborhood that I've improved.
But on more and important note, if you can someone explain to me what they see in Robbie Needhamire in the past couple of years that they've kept them around this long.
Well, I thought a question of what they see.
It's a question of nobody wants them anymore.
What are they going to get in return for?
He seems like he's in a coma when he's at it.
That is correct.
He's in a fog.
The word is a fog.
He skates around rather aimlessly.
He makes very weak kind of specified shots and passes.
And he really serves them.
See, the problem that the so-called fans don't understand is even as well as the team has played all year, most of it is because of gold tending and beret, Whitney and Parish and Cosloff.
But other than those people, there's so much dead weight on this team.
And they're just not going to go anywhere unless before the training deadline they start making some other moves.
It just seems that they're at manhandle.
Washington really took a tomb last night in the first and second period.
Right.
It was scary.
It was really scary.
I mean, you talk to your fan, but I just can't stand watching Melan be anymore.
It just seems like they're moving in slow motion.
They're not anybody.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think Melan be the problem.
I mean, I grant you he's not getting any faster.
He is.
Each year goes by.
But I don't think he's the problem.
I think Kavash is the problem.
I think Mike Wilson is a big problem.
Needomire is a big problem.
The fact that WRL is taking up that spot on the roster is a very, very big problem.
The fact that Kavalaw is playing a forward and said it on defense is a problem.
They're just, and of course Lance Pitle can Todd Simpson who first played great when we got both of them here early in the year.
They're both playing and Pitle especially is playing like an old man now.
He's not playing well.
Yeah.
Seems like it's a breakdown.
And you might be doing it.
And you don't forget Spayla too is playing awful on defense.
I mean, just grotesque grotesque.
You think it has to do the fact that they don't have a place for more or any more?
I don't know.
I mean, I obviously, Brea lifted them up to another level for a long time.
But maybe it's just not going to last.
I really don't know.
And now that Maria's starting to find fault and point fingers at other people, I think there's a lot of resentment there.
I know it.
I tell you, Trevor Kidnaw could look great last night.
Is it sensational?
Can you imagine what the score of that game would have been without him?
No.
I couldn't.
But anyway, I just want to tell you that's a great show.
I'm a first time call.
I'd love to hear some hockey talk and no, no neighbors improve that I know about.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
The next you want me to plug him?
There you go.
Right between the eyes.
Is he got nobody out there?
Well, first of all, it seems to me he's in a very, I don't know.
The QAM van right now.
And for another 35 minutes to one 30 is at the Tri-My-Tai restaurant in Hollywood, 2001 Harrison Street.
See, why would you go to a restaurant?
You follow what I'm saying?
And with all due respect to our friends, it's probably a great restaurant.
But I mean, well, nevertheless, he's at Tri-My-Tai restaurant, 2001 Harrison Street, with passes to the third annual Newtons International Beer Festival.
And he'll be there till 130.
And the festival's tomorrow, by the way.
So please go out there and see the nephew of Mickey Feele.
I hear you eating, want to see him.
Even though Miguel's not there today.
This is 560 QAM.
Ed Kaplan knows the scores.
Starting at 10, till the last game ends.
Week night, only on sports radio 5, training QAM.
Now, when you see a game, my dad is going to start day.
Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour.
OK, I would have been required about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more challenge in his right toads than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head, you stupid fat-baguist.
Hi there.
Hi, Regent.
So you want to be a millionaire?
Sure, Regent.
Let's go.
I am done at one, sitting across from.
Regent still been.
Hope it I win.
Got my first question.
Oh, God, I feel so down.
Running out of time.
Still got all three lights.
Come on, Regent.
Come and quit.
My answer is a P.
I'll try to be a P.
That means just to know what to do.
I do, if I am not sure, to show me the door.
It's taking harder.
I won't go no farther.
I am stuck on this one.
Should I call up someone?
Get my mom on the phone in a hurry.
Come on, Sam.
Just ask her.
Eat your final answer.
I'm Regent getting pissed.
What did she say?
She don't know.
Here I go.
What's done?
See how I'm seen?
Buses all the time.
Still unquested one.
I'm not answering.
But he keeps asking.
The answer I need.
Should have went on greed.
He need me, need me.
If I go with thee.
Final answer.
I will ask it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Look at me.
No capy-leaf.
Oh, oh, oh.
The other's close.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Read it, say it.
We got reading.
Oh, oh, oh.
One, oh three, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six.
We got her a cool hotline in six.
Pat, there's a Caroline.
I must win tonight, Eddie K after the game.
Here's the fact that she said, did you see Carlos, Kiss Rob Thomas on the lips last night?
Yes, I did.
I'm not pulling your legs.
Just ask you.
I don't need to ask my list.
This goes I saw it.
He kissed him right on the lips.
Little tongue.
Rob Thomas, he's like the lead singer one at the Opel Smooth on that single.
That one, 14 Grammys last night.
Groats test.
Well, at least they are a good match.
Look at this phone, baby.
Man, we were smoking there.
We had like a great, a few minutes of greatness.
We had all mine lines just on fire.
Now there are two.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to call you and talk about a couple of things.
I wanted to reach back yesterday with the young man, Kim, I'm a, you know, I'm just with a black man talking about your special coupons.
And he, uh, Martin Luther Coon, that kind of thing.
Yeah, that guy.
Anyway, when I was younger, I used to hunt raccoons.
Yeah.
And, uh, that's what David Duke said when he was young.
He hunted raccoons all the time.
Anyway, just to give you an average description of them, they got rings around their tails.
Yeah.
They got a black body.
And they got a black and white face.
So I don't know how I'm going to handle that.
Well, Allison could work team back there.
There you go.
Yeah.
Now, the other thing is, I've only been in Miami five months.
I come from Louisiana with a real great step up.
Right.
But trust me, just being down here, you know, I've done found out Louisiana is a paradise.
And, but I've got to go back.
And I just want to tell you something.
There's only two reasons I'll be sad to go.
One is my children that I'm down here, this time.
Right.
And two is you and your show.
And, uh, just one more thing.
Well, a couple more things.
This place is crazy.
When I first got down here and went to a convenience store, I think it might have been after eight o'clock at night or whatever.
I had to go through a bank vault deposit to buy me whatever I wanted from that store.
You couldn't get through the door.
That don't happen in Louisiana.
It's always Louisiana must be a step up.
Now, the worst thing, the worst thing you've made me do, Neil, is I've never been online.
Okay.
You know, on a computer, right?
Yeah.
Now I've got to go back home because I can't get you on the radio up there.
Right.
Now I've got to go back home investing a new computer, gives me a modem by all that stuff.
All that crap, all these things.
And so that I can kill your show up there because I'm going to tell you what, 24 years you've been on the air and I didn't hear you kill five months ago.
And I'm sorry about that.
But I'm going to go back home, put my investment in where I can listen to you every day.
And I really appreciate what you do in.
And God bless you and I'll pray for you.
Well, don't pray for me, man.
I'm not.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Thanks.
Good luck.
There's a guy he believed in as he's going back to Louisiana with a van to on his name looking forward to it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
No waiting.
We got 1,600 open lines for you now.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, yes sir.
How are you sir?
Okay.
Appreciate your form that you put people that can express their views.
But usually I do agree with you on most about everything.
But this part of Santa is issues.
I don't understand your problem.
What's the issue?
What's the issue?
Okay, you're saying it's crap.
Well, I mean that's my opinion of his music, but nonetheless in other words, the fact that he won almost every award, every category that he was nominated for last night, is getting really carried away.
I see you saying the fix is in.
But you agree he's probably one of the greatest virtuoso on the guitar.
He's had a history that dates back to the mid 60s.
Created rock fusion.
What are the 1860s?
The 1860s.
Yeah.
Well, he is older than Sarah.
I think he's an old hack is what I think.
I mean, that's that's my honest opinion.
But if you think that I was born out on Carlos Santana when I was on Zeta playing a black magic woman in Oye Comova.
I mean, that was enough for me.
Goodbye Carlos.
Have a nice life.
That was enough for me.
Well, I don't know what the big furor is with him and that single that song smooth.
Okay, well, that needs a big deal with that song.
Okay, I'll tell you.
I'll tell you my opinion.
Please.
You appreciate the back street voice, correct?
Right.
I could take seven beautiful guys with no talent and make them as big as the back street voice.
But there's only one guy that wins.
They're not beautiful.
The back street voice aren't beautiful.
Maybe like eight-year-old girls think they are, but the lady what I said is they're not beautiful.
All right.
There is one of them I would touch with your hand, okay?
All right.
What I'm saying is that truly they're not virtuos of anything.
They have a good voice.
But most of their appeal is done on a promotional thing and they don't need right-throwing songs.
Yeah.
I'll see now you.
And you put that to your right-handed.
There are a lot of great news.
Did Elvis Presley write his own songs?
No, he stole 82 percent of all of his songs.
That's right.
He stole stuff from Carl Perkins and the other people.
Money waters.
Right.
Let me ask you this.
If they were having a Grammy's and Elvis were still alive today.
And in other words, follow what I'm saying.
If they had the Grammy Awards when he was alive, which I don't think they did.
He would have won all of it like all the time.
Well, if they happen when he was alive or in this time, if he was still alive.
No, I'm talking about it.
Because now the picture's in its own.
And as you say, as you say, the picture's in because of the amount of money that he generated out of this.
But Rob Thomas wrote that song.
Yeah.
And it was came down for me.
Maybe that's why Carlos came on the whole.
And Angel came down to visit Carlos Santana and said, get with Rob Thomas and write this song.
That's what his story is.
And Angel came down.
And Angel came down to visit him one night when he was sleeping.
Yeah.
Said, you have to get together with Rob Thomas and write this song.
And that's what his story is.
Okay.
The only thing I'm.
I've been closing.
The only thing I say is I appreciate virtuosity.
There's only one person in the world can play guitar like that.
Yeah.
Public health.
Well, I'm ready to go here.
All right.
Have a great time.
I appreciate your form.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't Andre Sugovia dead?
I think he's very dead.
But anyway.
You dead?
I think so.
Yeah.
He's still dead.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
He's like Eric Clapton.
There's another virtuoso for you.
Do I like Eric Clapton?
No.
Oh, man.
Don't get me started.
And that kid's still dead too.
By the way, the one I flew out the window.
Hey, asshole.
HBO presents a family story.
Two elderly women come from Cuba on a mission armed with only
stale, sugarless candy and a yachty board.
They must bring back a young boy by any means necessary.
Philist George is Maria da Quintana and Charlotte Ray as
Wicked Al Rodriguez, NHBO's, and NASA Buenos, its grandmother.
If you don't give us the boy, we're gonna chop you up into little
croquetas.
Forget about Uncle Fener.
He's in a joint on a rack of tearing charges.
Where the new antenna has been found.
It's a La Familia redevied.
HBO's, La Sabuelas, the grandmother's Sunday night to 10,
9 central.
Yeah, that's what says.
I, the Mia got the gas really bad.
The grandmother.
What I said, that's what sister Jean told them.
Now they will fear you.
115 at 560 WQM, 560 705 60, pound 560 on a AT&T line.
72 or 300 open lines here waiting for you.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, I saw the Grammys last night.
Didn't Britney Spears look gorgeous last night?
Didn't see her.
Oh, man.
She was so beautiful.
She did this awesome dance.
That's these robots.
How could Christina Aguilara win that award as the best new artist?
Exactly.
That's my point.
I mean, Britney,
What word did she have to put her tongue to get that award?
Yeah, I mean, I can't understand.
Oh, that's what she had to do.
She had to rim to get that.
I can't understand how they gave it to her and not to Britney.
This is like a crime.
It's been something for it.
But the thing is,
Santana has been around for 30 years.
How long, yeah.
He's like one of the only rock stars from the 60s that didn't over those.
He didn't get like, died, like, you know,
Jimmy Hendrix, Jim Moore's.
So they feel an obligation.
They give him a Grammy.
Okay, one would have been okay.
It wouldn't have bothered me.
How about eight?
Why eight?
Why eight?
Why blow everybody outside the water?
Why invite anybody else to be there, except, I guess, to perform?
But what's the point when they're like a coronation?
Well, what bother?
Well, I think two or three would have been good.
I mean, I can understand if his album was so sensational, which is definitely his not.
And if that single was so great, which believed me when I tell you it's a piece of third,
if it was good stuff, it wouldn't bother me.
But it's not.
It's marginal at best.
Yeah, I mean, at best.
It is a little too much.
I make a dig up or orbs and bring it back to and say,
gee, this guy never won any Grammys.
Let's, you know, and just stick his body in a chair.
What's the point?
Yeah, I mean, I think I think it was too much.
But I'm still happy that the Backstreet Fags didn't win, though.
Yeah, no, still, you know, I mean, it's like...
Why is that?
Oh, God.
Backstreet Fags, it's like, it's torturous, you know.
Santana is much better, though.
Okay, whatever you say.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Santana is better, though, because he says it, that makes it so.
Santana, forget about the Backstreet Boys or anybody else.
On the face of it, even TLC, who might have spies, I can't stand TLC.
I mean, their music had an impact.
This Santana thing, it came out late in the year, like out of nowhere.
And I'd like, before it was released, it was number one.
I'm not saying there's anything fishy about that.
The album was number one. The single was number one.
Before it was released.
Yeah.
And then all of a sudden, it's like every, all you other people who are so big all year long,
you don't exist.
But the Backstreet Fags, thank God, they didn't get that.
Here's Bonita Springs.
And all the white didn't see them kissing anybody on the lips.
Bonita Springs, even Elton John.
Hello.
Did he just springs?
Yes.
I'm here.
And I'm here.
How about Tony Harding?
Oh yeah, how about Tony Harding?
We haven't heard.
Why, why, why in a long time?
Now, why, what was it that she did now?
She threw a thing at her boyfriend.
What was it?
Yeah, you had to play Tonya's silver hubcat.
And then she picked Ice Coupé.
And then her dirty, dirty, dirty, tonya, dried to win.
She hid it.
She was second best at it.
Uh, uh, uh.
So, uh, uh, uh.
Oh!
Nancy Kerrigan, the bitch was going to win again.
Tonya, Fox River.
Higher, out of a henchman.
Oh, uh, uh.
Oh!
That's Nancy Kerrigan was leaving moving.
She's not up from behind.
Bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
I came down, want her me.
Bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
I made sure victory.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And then they put it around Tonya.
And it's a magic route with up every move.
She can find the bruises of violence.
Oh, uh, uh.
She's four ghosts of land laid for way.
And the sun murdered on her mind.
She has never mind it a challenge.
Oh, uh, uh, uh.
The clouds they make are break for the door.
But it's too late to run.
Bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
I was just smashing in the head.
She would not leave me alone until everyone was dead.
One, two, four, eight Tonya's at the perlite.
Bang, bang, check this book.
He gives purple look and he tells us now.
Oh, oh, oh.
She plays, she's in the sun.
The lace is up and throws a fifty ton of teeth on the line.
This guy's out of line and he's got to go.
Oh, oh, oh.
As thing beat was turning the page, Tonya took a ride.
Bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
Bang, bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
Bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
Bang, bang, Tonya, silver hub.
Oh, right.
121 to moral of the story is, boys and girls, watch this,
watch the disgusting pig, always a pig in a, uh, whatever she is.
Piece of crap.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and four lotter nail.
Hello.
Welcome, Neil.
How are you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Oh, just enjoying your show again today.
Thank you for turning me on to Phil Henry and enjoy him every once in a while.
There's another lady in West Palm Beach.
Have you ever heard of Liz Wilde?
She's not a West Palm Beach.
Uh, she may be on the era of West Palm.
She's in Miami.
She's in the upper...
I'm sorry.
I thought it was down there.
Yeah.
And, uh, man, I've given this to her at all.
Yeah, for about two minutes.
Yeah, about two minutes.
She blows.
She blows, man.
She would ragged on you the other day.
I couldn't care less.
Yeah, but anyway, uh...
He's on a business.
Got fractions.
Oh, yeah.
If you're...
You want people to be able to make this call, sir?
Is that it?
Excuse me?
I said, is people to be able to make this call?
No, sir.
Who is he?
He's the program director of the station you're talking about that's got fractions all day long.
That has virtually no measurable audience.
They can't compete with you.
You run the AM.
They don't compete with anybody in any day part where when I'm asleep, they don't compete with me.
They don't stick with anybody.
They're not existent.
But I'm glad they enjoy Liz Wilde, okay?
I'm just wild about her.
Oh, she really ragged on you.
That's going to do it for you, honey.
Along with all the four letter words on a year or two,
that'll do it in slong and the penis and breasts, boobs.
And all the other words that Boulder has to keep coming in and trying to drag you off here for saying.
Is it working over there?
No.
No.
They're almost as big as the fan.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Always guys like this.
Remember I carried K when she was on.
And I used to be in a car in the evening, go to the store or whatever.
And I would have had a really rough day, you know, doing my usual begging for calls.
Even though we had very good numbers over there at Paxon until, of course,
that they started screwing around with me.
But, and I would listen to her and she had this endless supply of guys.
It was how they're just like this guy that just was on.
It sounded just like that.
Just dying to hear a female voice.
Even if it was attached to a hyena, it wouldn't make any difference.
You know what I'm talking about?
That was, yeah, there you go.
Wow.
She knows her hyenas, by the way.
I had one in my mouth, one probably.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It is so set.
The talk show groupie thing.
It's all over boys and girls.
I hate to break the news to you.
Get your balls together.
The game is over.
It's all over.
Done.
People want to talk about Mr. Ego and about the FTL,
the light bulb and what's your name?
The one I was on there, the real Jappy, New York.
What that was your name?
Elaine Joyce Kaufman.
Joyce Kaufman.
Oh yeah, Kaufman.
Be sure and say it right.
Joyce Kaufman.
It's a lot more Jewish when you say, oh, Kaufman.
That's all over, okay?
And thanks to Queer Channel also, what's your name?
That's all over in Old King Cole and Jackal.
And we're hanging on by our thumbs here every day,
begging for phone calls.
Of course, I've been doing that for 24 years.
I'm used to it.
We put it all together and you haven't got a goddamn P-holding.
So let us know as my old friend Craig Worthing would say.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Another reason this part of the country bites the big one,
a clear way to tell is their FM radio that classic rock station practices censorship.
I called the other day for a classic rocker from the 70s,
and the DJ said they weren't allowed to play him.
I mean, they can only play dribble, you know, the dribble they play.
You mean Zeta?
No, the one that supposedly says their classic rock and roll.
Who's that?
1059, 106, big 106.
Well, they're classic rock and roll now.
I thought, oh, that's right there.
For about five minutes, they were the 70s,
it fits into the 70s,
and now we're like hits in the 1870s.
It's ridiculous.
And that's the bad news for her.
If it took Howard off that station, it would just vanish.
It would disappear off the dial.
And rightfully so, I let it blow agonizing death by hope.
Right.
But that's the benchmark of a good talent.
Is there FM radio?
You, I mean, that's what I always say.
If the FM radio is not good, just like Amsterdam,
if you all listen to the FM radio, I'd never go back.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, you remember how the 70s were extended long plays
in between hits of longs?
You remember those days, don't you?
No.
Well, I don't either, but I'm just asking.
But anyway, that's all I got to say.
There's some good, big cities,
and that play good FM,
and this happens not to be one of them.
That is that.
Let's believe we have an acronym,
and I'm like, you on A, I'm here,
to pull us through the half of the day.
Right.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
All right.
I'd say I had to lose wild.
Five, six, oh, she just great.
He obviously is going to know two Jews
on that sports station in the midday.
Oh, they love them at the Q, Y, N, or two Jews.
They're listening to nine stops.
That Bob Eisenberg, he just raised about those Jews.
Yeah.
I guess.
I don't know.
I mean, maybe it's Todd Dreck.
I remember these sure.
Probably all of the above.
And of course, all the little sports there's in here
in between calling their bookies
and playing their place in their bets
and yanking it in between that, they're on it.
Twenty-six after one,
and five sixty-w.
Q.
Wake up with the first key.
Joe Rogan, Jeff DeFarris, and Steve Goldstein.
Weep the horn to six.
Only on sports radio, five sixty Q.A.M.
Suck it in and hold it.
So, I'm the boss for Steve,
but when I'm back in the town,
I want to hop inside my company call.
I've got the ticket.
It's actually right side of my hand.
I'm doing a make-a-you, maybe, outside.
I'm going to say, oh baby, I can do anything.
I wanna do your consults is warm up and I'm gonna be consulting you
I'll give you the best goal on a craft show
I have formula, I've got the formula, I've got the power to hold in control
I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood
And I don't care if you're waiting below
It's just as long as you can stroke people
I'm under save on baby
And you'll do anything I want you to
I'm your consultant warm up
Straight your laser that is dire you
I'm gonna bone you
I am bone you
I'm gonna come fly
I can't even read a dot
That's why I'm a consultant
Cause I'm just an ass
Oh, yeah
132 at 560 WDQM, what memories that brings back those wonderful days in
Paxon that seminar we had up at that hotel in Dany where the hell it was
Unbelievable, just incredible
Just pure unadulterated bullshit
All those assholes walking around those plastic pools in their plastic
Brooks Brothers suits
That Roger Crocs, whatever hell his name was and all those other plastic assholes
I mean just and then of course queer channel came in and made it even worse
Even worse thank goodness after we got the hell out
Nice going there Rhonda and Pete no matter what company it is you guys at least are consistent
So get back to this story about the doggy litter that's on the way from rostin purina
That wants to squeeze more money out of your pocket or squeeze whatever they can
It says rostin is hoping dog owners won't be repulsed about scooping soggy pellets
And unclumped feces into the garbage
Now before I read the rest of this which will make you gag
George makes a good point and that is and especially my big dog doesn't do that
But little dogs which is what this is geared to is people living big cities and apartments
Little dogs most of them including mine after they do their business
They like go a couple of feet away and then they kick up whatever is behind them
And of course in this case would be all the stuff in the litter box all over your goddamn nice carpet
All over your rugs and etc
Incredible keep the dustbusters close by
For best results the litter should be souped after each use it says
Oh no I thought maybe a way to couple of months would be good
To make it easier into some more puppy chow the company will encourage second nature
Good afternoon to this product second nature customers to feed their dog only dry food
Feed them right and their stool will be tight
Says don't run lay Lewis second the third is either the second of the tourist you turn one of the researchers
Now there's a line for you okay in the sun sent all today
And this is a story that starts on the front page if you don't believe me paid six a
Feed them right and the stool will be tight
Says Ronald a Lewis the third one of the researchers
Ross and Moté how much money invested in dog litter but it says it's putting the full weight of its sales and marketing force behind it
Beautiful lovely
So please anybody that I know out there before I might visit where you are hanging out your pad your place you're or whatever
Let me know if you have one of these doggy litter boxes around and I'll get real sick right away
Here's a mobile in high alia hello
Yeah, yes sir
Hey Neil speaking of dogs Schmidt I'm down here highly and just one of these little games that the truckers are playing down here
You're still doing it?
You know yeah, I'm not one that's you know against you know protesting that's for sure
But what I just witnessed was a lovely little act
You got like I don't know I would imagine it was close to 70 80 trucks driving down
Turnin off of 12 on the 103rd
Anduances trying to get through them both directions these guys are just going bumper to bumper lock and traffic
Size are getting out of the cars begging these truckers to stop so these ambulance to get by
They're physically trying to run the people over in the road where do they get off I have a hard time with it
I think they ought to be in jail
Why don't they call them the goddamn FHP they don't do too much why do they call it a national guard and throw their ass in jail if they're jeopardizing people's safety
Not to mention the facts screwing up everybody else's life
Unbelievable
I'm not against protest but I'm against protest when it disrupts the lives of people who have got nothing to do with your complaint
Absolutely
Okay thanks for the bad news
Thank you and good luck
Good luck to all you people out there trying to live your lives because this is a place where they don't want to let you live your life
And as far as those gravel trucks are concerned you know what I think they ought to charge them $100 a gallon
They make me sick they shouldn't be on the goddamn public roads they should have like side roads for them to be on
And I sure as hell I shouldn't be on I 95 and 75 in any highways
Because anytime you're like forced to up behind them and you can't get around them here come all the pellets just destroying your vehicle
Putting little zits just like a Wayne High Pinger complexion on your windshield and all over the goddamn car
Dending your car truck or vehicle whatever it might be
I had you if there ever was one
Here's hi Leah hello
Yes first of all let me correct you one cent time at the stop low one cent kind of has been a musical innovator he mixed Latin music with rock and roll music that's your opinion I don't know that's not sure
Let me say it again because you say it doesn't make it so okay that's your opinion it's a fact I don't like his music I never did like it but it's the first time no it's not a fact
Years because it's your opinion that makes it a fact that's a very arrogant obnoxious attitude, but nevertheless you first of all he did mix Latin music with rock
I don't care what he mixed I don't care if he mixed halva with goddamn ma guava I make no difference to me but he did it though
And the fact yeah guava guava law that's a new product we're coming out with what are the back street boys ever innovate that
Let me say it again
I'm not interested in whether they innovate or not the awards aren't like the best song of the year doesn't mean is it innovative
It means what is the best song of the year let me spell it out for you best meaning the most popular meaning the best when you listen to it what is the best song of the year it's very clear what it was but they're not politically correct because they're not some old hack that's trying to make it that made one last the fling at it and every five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 see go to show you two colors or what I have to dump you when you spew out crap get you a litter box next time before you call this guy talk about arrogant because he said that
So therefore they they crossed over there innovative you know something all these cliches all this artsy farty pseudo intellectuals will it doesn't hold any water with me just like Eric Clapton all that ball Eric Clapton I thought Eric Clapton was with all these suits the greatest guitarist in the world
Oh, that was 10 minutes ago that was before last night that was before his kids flew out the window
weren't they always peddling us that crap he was the greatest guitarist in the true mankind slow hand yeah he had a slow hand that's why I couldn't grab that kid on a way out plus the fact he was nerd and help
got getting all bent out of shape over Carlos Santana who's kissing Rob Thomas on the lips at least a back street voice for all the stories about Nick Carter and maybe you wanted to others
at least they weren't kissing anybody on the lips like I said before even miss Elton or what on stage anyway huh and what did who the hell did the introduction on that it was great he said what did he call him sorry it was oh it was Billy Joel some little girl's name I don't know for
Elton John it was great and she had her big earring there in her right ear see there's living proof for you by the way boys and girls they try to be something that you're not
with that phony marriage that he had to go through was he fooling anybody including himself no he's just upset because Bernie just
wouldn't put out and I'd be upset about that too by the way Bernie Taupin of course he's older likely now so it doesn't make any
difference but then again so result and of course even then he was young and ugly there's a bunch of who he
is but we love to tell you we say we're not gay if you want these outfits and clothes they
Hey
we
music
We look like candy, we're designers
We sing like a bunch of pretty whilers
Of the streets, our agents says we gotta sing
We sing in our days
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls
To think that as just as candy, yeah
As they get older they all figure out
Where hiding our latency
One thing is for sure again
Many joy
We do, we do
Why so 12 years of damage you try to go?
Long to do but the shoot is your fight
But today we think that we are better safe
We sing in our days
I swim with my game
And this got to give me a lecture with Song of Dance about being innovative
Last year who was the big star of the Grammys last year
They were all going Google and Goggo eyes
Who couldn't sing out of his way out of a paper's sec
And we never innovated anything except in a no talent asshole
Who was it last year?
I don't know Ricky
How do you like that?
That was the very same Grammys that we had last night
With the same bunch of assholes out there
And it was Ricky, Ricky last year
That was the big, big attraction last year
Right
Shaking his goddamn faggy ass up there
And pretending to sing
This guy couldn't sing as well out of a paper's sack
And you notice by the way that he went anything last night
Did we see him?
I didn't watch the whole thing but I didn't see him
Thank God
You won't be seeing him much no more
Flash in a pan
Had them electrified last year with his performance
Based on what?
Based on living La Penga, Likin La Penga, Lokas
That what it was?
Something like that?
An innovator
What did that ever have anything to do with anything?
An innovator
How about Christine Aguilara?
She's a great innovator
At least Brittany, you know
At least Brittany, even an old fag like me
Brittany at least gets everybody a little bit
Get their blood boiling a little bit right
That's right
Get them whipped up to a frenzy
Christine Aguilara, she can't sing
She looks like crap, she weighs about 84 pounds
She's a little snot in those pieces of third
And she's not even, she's got a Latin name
Is she Hispanic?
No
No, you know that?
No, she's not
But she made it up
She's a mongrel
She's make the lokas
Yeah, like third generation
Airsoft, yeah
She wants a free holy
I mean who the hell are these people kidding?
It's all a big, big political policy turd
Oh, who are we going to coordinate this year?
Who should we heap a bunch of crap upon?
Okay, oh, he's a great innovator
And then he winds up spewing spewdom on the air
Go answer, go gargle your goddamn brains out
And be sure and stick the tube deep in your rectum
Because that may be where you'll find them at this stage of your life
Here's a mobile and curl springs, hello?
Jeff Rin-er
Here's a mobile and Miami B, chill out
Hi there, aren't you just a Ray Assent, Sean?
Did I kneel?
Yes
One thing about this, a couple of things, a billy Joe called
John Sharon, yes he did
And Eric Clapton did win a Grammy yesterday
He did an instrumental with Santana, which was awarded
And the thing I like about that was my point
How can they both be the greatest guitarist in the world?
How is that possible?
Oh, yeah, I know
It's a flavor of the moment
Okay
But the one thing I liked about the Santana, the whole Santana thing
Is that Santana on stage yesterday last night represented America
All the different
He represents America in what way?
If you looked at the group that they had on stage
Old, young, Hispanic, Black, white, everybody up there
Yeah, yeah
Just doing their thing
I mean, I was wanting to touch me, I wanted to have...
What is that prove?
I think that I mean, I have to do a miracle
I thought, well I'm not going to change your right
I happen to have thought that the album was a great album
Love it from the beginning
I'm in charge for 36 weeks
And for me, it touched me
I like the combination of all the different cultures and stuff
I like the new and the old
I've always really liked Santana
I thought I've been looking for him to come out with something
I've really broke through for the last 10 years
And this was it
But the culture
It is America today
Up on the stage of the God, the end of the case of all the...
What culture is America then?
What do you mean by that?
What does that mean?
America is the conglomeration of all of those different things
Hispanic, white, black, new, old, young, the whole thing
And now it's the most interesting thing
Let me ask you this
What country in the Western world is the conglomeration of all of those things?
Well, but a lot of our problems here in England
Country, particular
No, but you're not in the problem
The Netherlands
Los Ramos
Losenburg, Italy
Well, I'm not what it is
What is it?
Not what it is
I'm not what it is
How about Monaco?
The reason I say that is because what is...
What is being a melting pot?
Have to do with the music
What do... what does that have anything to do with it?
I mean, you know how much you love to live in this area
We all bitch in line to complain about it
But I mean, here was a ray of people getting together
From all the different cultures and combining something into something which I know
How about we are the world?
We are the world... how about that? Bob Yoldoff
Old news
No, but how about that?
What is Bob Yoldoff done for me lately?
I beg your pardon?
What's Bob Yoldoff done for a blink?
Well, I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about the song and all the artists who were in it
Well, what is that?
Did that make it a great song?
I think it touched America for a moment
I think it touched the world for a moment
Doesn't it touch the world forever?
You're where it touched me and it touched me and my...
Back to him
And have a great day
See, when I listen to music, I listen to the music because I like it
Not because I want to be touched
But he hit right on it
It was a political decision
They politically correct
Oh yeah, because you're representing everybody up there
That's right, a little bit for the blacks, for the sticks, for the...
Now, were there any Jews up there with Santana?
No
No, see, you let us out
There might have been a one
Now, at least big papa when he come back to the back street boys, at least big papa was Jewish, right?
Hey, the producer was probably Jewish
There you go, there you are
Of what?
Santana?
He probably
Well, we'll check on it
Just to make sure
We don't want no groups left out
Were there any Hondurans in that group?
No
Want a mollum?
No
What are you talking about, sir?
There are animals anyway
So, let them...
Are there any people from La Rea publicative in Eccana?
No
No
But I sure dig blood getting a chance to say that again
Why can't you just say you like the music?
That's fine
We have a different, different opinion
But to start going through this long song and a dance of a...
Oh, he's the greatest this and he's an innovator
And yada yada yada
That song smooth with that goddamn Rob Thomas on here
I'd rather get on my hands and ease and puke my last ten meals right on a counter here in front of me right now
Then I ever hear that again
And believe me, I watch a lot of music
Which means I watch much music on a small dish, not MTV
Because MTV doesn't play any music
And I like all kinds of music
But that's a smooth...
I've had wicked chunky diarrhea that was smoother than that song
I'll tell you right now
152-560 WQA-M
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer
And you're listening to it
And go bird, weekday after noon to two
Sports radio 560-Q-A-M
Another chick in the White House
Tonight on entertainment tonight
Yeah, Miss Lewinsky, congratulations on the job with Jenny Craig
It was a good opportunity, I thought it would be intriguing
I was... I've always had issues with my way so I just don't think it's anybody now
Right
So describe the president's penis
It was fun, it was small...
Tonight, entertainment tonight
156-560 WQA-M
So anyway, in this article in the Sun Sentinel about the Grammage last night it says
Now I can't believe that nobody is called about this because I guess nobody here cares
It says among the performers were nominees Abraham Ferrer of the Buena Vista Social Club
And pop singer Mark Anthony and Ricky Martin and Yada Yada Yada
Ferrer who still lives in Cuba was nominated this year along with past Grammy winners Buena Vista Social Club
And the category of traditional tropical Latin performance
But they lost out to an X-Patreon Cuban band leader Tito Puente
However, the salsa group blows Van Van like Ferrer is still living in Cuba
One best salsa performance
Obviously this was out there in Hollywood, could we have had the Grammage here in this town?
No, no
Because we have Cuban performers not only on stage performing and not only nominated
But actually winning one of the Grammages, God forbid
So thank God we didn't get sucked in and having that thing here
Or you wouldn't be driving anywhere today
You have gridlock
Here's Fort Myers, hello
Hey, how you doing, sir?
Great, hey just a couple of things I just tuned in so I don't know the... I heard the whole show today
For what it's worth, Christine Aguilar's father is Hispanic
She's like, he's like from Guatemala or something like that
Well the article here says Latin and name only Christine Aguilar or whatever that means
All right, I don't know, but I'm glad she was a distant cousin with so once...
I'm glad she's supposedly, as she speaks Spanish
I don't know if that's true or not, I don't care
I'm glad she won an award and not Brittany, Brittany wasn't that seething
Why is that?
Well because I just think Brittany's wanted, she's just a whiner as a singer
I mean, she looks good, yeah, you know, probably she's a good bang and all that
Yeah, but wouldn't you have liked to see her up there thanking Jesus again?
Well, you know, like I said, I only thought at the beginning I saw her Rosie and her corny jokes
Oh, yeah, I know
That's one thing we can all agree on is that bitch has got to go
I mean, she is just disgusting, not only she looks bad, but she's about as funny as a broken leg
I want to know who she suggested that she should start, she should host that show
Yeah, just like the awards, it's the same thing, it's all politics
You know, it's all who's the suckin' who's, uh, knows
Okay, a couple things, I don't know if you heard about this because I didn't, I heard about this, I didn't see the entire award
I heard that when Swin Sting was presented with that award, or, or, okay, the Justin Timberlake from InSync
Yeah
When he announced the nominees, that there's something that he, maybe you would use your convalidates as well
I didn't see that part
He made fun of Ricky Martin in a way, he says, I wonder who he is, there's something like that
And sometimes the gay tone of voice that he had, have you really?
No, that's just probably if he's from InSync, it's probably just his natural voice
I don't know, go back and watch that, no one knows
Thanks
What do you, what do you enjoy St. Jennifer Lopez as a versacity dress?
Didn't see that either, did you, well, it's her, didn't see any of it
That was a great dress
I dropped a quarter in front of her to see you exactly
Yeah, exactly, okay, have a great day, sir
Didn't see that, thank God, because he's got a huge backdome
Took out most of my picture, and I have a 52 in screen
Her boobs aren't that big, we saw them
Here's Miami, hello
Uh, uh, Neil
Yes, sir
Uh, don't go to keep this game, man
Um, jail, jail, if you don't have the right numbers on your van for business letters
I'm, I'm, I'm those van vans
Anybody, anybody that's going to keep this game
Yeah
It's working there, if they don't have the numbers and letters right
Straighten it
