For Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Dr. Tauk to Neil called 567-0560-2, free for date and rowered,
or count 560 on yourself.
Hey, that's your last question, Royal.
His gas colors are...
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Rod Task Group.
Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
What's most stupid is a pizza sh**.
What's most stupid is a pizza sh**.
What's most stupid is a pizza sh**.
Cause he knew he isn't a pizza sh**.
And he was a rich, royal friend, and then goes to Kank Chucky.
But he's gone to war, and all I can't pay for it.
He's gonna give a grab, apart from people going on brief,
but don't confuse him with stuff like that.
We can't find your rap sheet in Justice Abid.
We're looking all over him and still ain't here.
Hey, Georgie, Neil, did you rap?
Chief, though, are you afraid that we'll find out
that you did long enough to a raw rich guy,
let's get a token party?
And you can pitch one possession of drugs,
by the wixit's like you, you can hire a judge,
you can send a tax payment, and a fee,
mall in its way to my house,
we've got many extra money all over us
Karimad on T grab a ear please!
Hey, Georgie,
Yeah, have another drink, George. Come on. 10 out of 205 60 W.A.M. Here's a great website for you.
For all your people who are really interested in finding out the real facts,
and those who would just like to spread some more good truth crap about George W.A.M.
See, not spread lies, but truth crap.
www.realchange.org slash voiceunior.htm. I give that a little bit too fast, probably.
Are you having like a, uh, some kind of a spastic attack in there?
Or did George come in and beat this not out of you?
Look at that, George. He is a little pussy, you know? He's like a little girl.
George is a little girl. Just remember I told you that.
So a little girl, like a little, like a little, uh, junior high girl.
But anyway, www.realchange.org slash voiceunior.htm.
All the stuff that you'd ever want to know, and it's, uh, see the thing with the DUI.
That's just the tip of the iceberg. I do believe the thing, the Laurie Frint story. I believe that.
I don't think it'll come out because that broad evidence, or somebody got to her and paid her off.
Or else they couldn't pay her off. Yeah, she, something made her an offer she couldn't refuse, probably.
They told her that Luca Bazzi would become an if she spilled the beans, something like that.
And then of course, there's also the story circulating now about as a rest for cocaine in 1972,
which you'll find on that website. And other trying to discredit the offer,
first similar to the Dan Crayolstor with the marijuana supplier in Texas,
that they're true of the jail in the solitary and nobody ever, nobody ever saw him again.
I mean, it was only a little weed and this guy like vanished into jail. In Texas, no less.
So that's going to be our full question today. Somebody sends me the latest, I see I'm confused now,
because I went on the internet here this morning and got the latest MSNBC Zodby,
uh, Royalty's track in pool. And now I get the guy who faxes me these every day sends me a new one.
So either the ones that I got on the internet were from November 2, which is yesterday.
So I don't know whether the ones he sent me here are the brand new ones or not.
But anyway, goers are head in Florida, Michigan by 10 now, if you believe this,
Wisconsin by five Pennsylvania by four, and Tennessee pushes only head by two.
And let's see, goers also slightly head in Washington, and three points head in Wisconsin.
That guy named Nader, which I got a great article about him will get to.
Nader is getting some points. He's got five points in Wisconsin, six in Washington state, seven here in Florida,
five in New York, which is going to make a difference because goers 15 points ahead in New York and the latest pool.
But this latest, I'll let us check it with a rib pile here yesterday, and then I have to laugh.
I have to laugh. They're saying, oh, this is just like the Democrats to be doing stuff like this right at the last minute.
Anybody remember Paul Jones and Jenny for flowers and Kathleen Willie and Monica,
and white water and black water and water. What are you talking about?
Well, I'm sure it's a bit, isn't it? The dirty tricks used to go that it's in back when the Dick was in the light house.
You can firm, you didn't need one of those little birdies out there, did you?
I'm fine. Oh, good. You look like you'd be ill in like the after effect of eating a few of those.
I took your work. No, don't do it. I mean, those are for a gram.
Anyway, I shouldn't say that. People are going to get upset, but it's true they're for granted.
He don't even. What's that they're saying? Very important stuff.
Oh, about to be really pictures. Oh, yeah, leave it to the Democrats to be doing stuff like this.
I mean, in fact, this isn't something that somebody made up.
And this, this lame excuse about how he didn't come forward with this because he didn't want to tell his daughters to find out.
He don't want them doing it. Drinking and driving.
Now, Dick Cheney's got two, uh, do a DIYs. Oh, Dick.
And then here's your young George W. He's got one here now that we know of.
And then that cocaine thing, that thing they come out over the weekend.
I think that'll be the powder that, uh, that perfect camera's nose.
Huh? That just could do it.
How that Pokemon yesterday before we get into today's big pool, which applies to you?
Right to another college, 482, 68.3%. Never went to college, 153, 21.7.
Other than other than other than the new M and that's the UM 70, a measly, behind, point, nine percent.
Less than 10%. But anybody in their brother out there, if there was a list station,
oh, let's talk about that VSCS pool and about, uh, we're getting the screw, we, we, we, we, we, we, they get that we, we, we, from that little girl on the morning show, that we, we, stuff, you know?
Yeah. That little pussy Joe Rose. Oh, gee, everybody was supposed to know about my moving guild.
Yeah, yesterday in there. It's your crush. Tell us about. He's Tatlin.
What was the word that he used?
Submarine. Oh, he's Submarine. Yeah.
I mean, if you don't want people talking about it, then don't be flashing your ass like a little kid in the locker room.
That'll be probably the best idea, Joe.
Why that morning crew there? Really?
He's a shrink for that crew.
Strange.
He's a, so here's our poor question for today.
Will George W. Bush's DUI arrest make any difference in the election outcome?
Yes or no? I realize that's very difficult.
Will GW Bush's DUI arrest make any difference in the election outcome?
Yes or no? Because in quarry minds, I want to go.
That's right.
I really don't know myself, but it is interesting though.
And then they had his spokeswoman on there with a story.
First broke last night in the media when a feeding frenzy.
They had a spokeswoman lady on there and she was a little bit on the embarrassing side because they said,
well, have there any other substance abuse or rest or any other substance abuse problems?
And she said, the governor's already said that he's had problems in the past.
So they won't answer the question.
They won't deny it the cocaine stories, but they just don't have to the question because if they deny it,
then it turns out to be true, makes it 10 times worse.
And this man is right.
It's supposedly ahead in the polls because of the fact that he's going to bring morality and honor back to the White House.
Yeah. Scumbag.
Well, I've scumbag.
And this business about you for a discussion that sounds like Henry Hyde again.
Remember that deal?
He was only 40 when he lied to that woman and said he wasn't married and screwed up that poor guy's marriage,
the guy up in the rest of them.
He only broke up his family, destroyed the guy's life.
He was only 40 who was just showing his wild oats.
You've thrown this question.
I mean, GW was only 30 and of course he admits that the next 10 years after that,
all he did was party and booze it up.
But then he found the Lord, Hallelujah!
That was the difference.
See, all this publishing of Goi and they'll be impressed by that.
Because now he found Jesus.
So now, of course, he's a good guy.
Anybody believe it?
No.
How did he have a brain?
Did he find Jesus in a bottle somewhere?
Huh?
Which would you ever find in a bottle, Jeanne or Jesus?
That'd be a good point question for next week one day, I think.
Nine minutes after 10, and then of course a good friend, uh,
Longing Shostee, of course.
Yeah, him, then he brings on that little puppy, bigoted ass or a Ross Perot last night to endorse Bush.
What did I tell you yesterday?
He was going to be sucking around Bush.
There was no doubt about that.
And what a performance that was.
That was pathetic.
You got your website again?
www.
I don't know.
Uh, realchange.org slash Bush, Jr...htm.
Got it?
I know it's pretty long, but it's well worth it.
A lot of good stuff on there.
Some real heavy duty crap.
Some of which, maybe you'll believe in some of which you won't.
But you know something, the old saying, if there's enough crap out there,
a lot of it's got to be true.
Especially not it will be fine.
And then of course, the Republicans, the Bush people found that
we tied top up there in Maine real fast.
And he says, all of the man was, and I want to say this,
without being procedures, a picture of integrity.
He gave no resistance.
He was very cooperative, being Bush upon that arrest 24 years ago.
He was going too slow, kind of weaving off the road a little bit.
But that was before he found changes.
10 after 10 at 5, 60, double the Q-Wet.
No question the further a maybe Zucerby could have expressed written submission
of WQAM DC broadcast group incorporated.
I know how to do a talk show.
I'm not saying you're not it withstands.
Oh.
Like you're from much in the land.
Why did you get here?
You're like that.
You're like that.
Why did you go getting the rain?
All in me is there's a truck on his face.
I'll be there.
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
I look in here with a spin over here.
I'm gonna vote for right back there.
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Who is like that?
Yeah, I grew up on our stage in 2012, baby.
That was pretty embarrassing last night.
I mean really just a grotesque.
And do you think it's gonna change any vote?
No.
Not a one.
Not one single one.
1060 to 560 WQM.
Let's take a color too.
Then I got some really great stuff here,
including a fantastic column on the Ralph Nader by Jonathan Alter
in this week's Things Week Magazine.
Sensational column.
Here's a mobile and a fort lot of deal.
Hello.
We'll see too that you've passed by here.
Okay, great.
There you go.
See, this is this is out for a fort.
This is doing talk radio in this town.
We had a major story last night.
Everybody in the world was talking about this now.
They got any hatred on there to speak with the house.
But it would be better to move out about through his spin on it.
And the first call we get is at that time.
The air every single day of my life.
You know, not that it makes any difference.
But that's the intellectual capacity of this town.
This is the end of the world here, man.
If any doubt, listen to this show.
That's what we're here to prove.
And I think do a good job.
Here's both of you.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are the Republicans the most inept party
at one of the President's Camp?
Can't think you've ever seen anything like that.
What does that mean?
Well, I mean, they were...
I'm off the Democrats.
They got a booing economy.
They got record unemployment.
They got the eight years of prosperity.
And they're losing right now.
I mean, how can you follow Republicans inept?
That's a good point.
But I mean, to roll this guy George Bush out
as your best candidate to me is just like...
Well, not about Al Gore.
I mean, this sounds like the pot call the kettle black to me.
The Al Gore is the best that Democrats have got.
Well, men with a push now, like a wooden totem pool.
And then Julie Bergman, a guy who's running around talking about God
like a crazy man who is Mizzouzah under his armpit.
I mean, what are you talking about?
Well, at least I haven't been arrested and they think
as long as they don't tell anybody.
Yeah.
It's going to remain a secret.
I mean, this guy Bush, he is...
The arrogance he displays is...
Well, first of all, whoever heard of the media,
the press giving a guy a free pass and making up a thing about
I won't answer any questions about stuff that happened
a few more than 15 years ago.
I mean, they started us.
It's unheard of.
That's like admitting that more than 15 years ago
and then while I get to some of this stuff in this article,
but it's unbelievable.
And the thing...
How about if he were to murder a couple people like OJ 16 years ago,
would that make it okay?
According to him, I suppose, as long as he was young.
Well, the media sure have done a really pissed poor job on this old deal.
I'll tell you that.
I agree with you.
No one is willing to state the facts.
Just like his disappearing, his parole last night talking about Al Gore
getting a special privilege in Vietnam and having a personal bodyguard.
In the meantime, here's the guy that disappeared.
Never...
Well, not only didn't go to Vietnam,
but disappeared last year in the National Guard
that got strings pulled to give him in the guard in the first place
and then vanished when he was supposed to.
And now that he was out of the band, he was out boozing and partying it up.
And nobody wants to talk about that, including Larry,
who did a really great job.
Yeah, nice calling, Larry.
He's just like Gellywood Joe Rose.
He's got his head so far across Rose's ass that he can't see the forth through the hemorrhage.
Larry, God, how embarrassing.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello?
Hey, Yale.
Yes, sir.
You are right.
You have to have your call on it on the show.
I'll call it in.
But the real issue here we need to discuss when it comes to all the bush I hear
is that it is an issue that George Bush brought up himself.
It is the issue of credibility.
It is the issue of character that he has talked on for six damn months.
That's only the time.
And now, when Neil went out, and then, excuse me, went out,
or you could at least have smoking marijuana and really said nips.
So George Bush, while the discuss went out in 15 years ago,
and then it comes out four days before the election,
the rest of regardless of who it was, he should at least drop that out six months ago.
Yeah.
So I believe the abortion story, the Larry Flint story,
and I certainly believe the cocaine arrest.
I mean, this man has got a pass.
Now, nobody comes out and says I won't discuss anything that happened more than 15 years ago,
unless there was some real crap in there.
And I think if the public is going, I mean, he's not running for dog catcher.
He's running to be the leader of the free world and the most powerful guy they lead in the world,
and the public's got a guy they might know.
Now, don't confuse the Bush workers like, you know,
like some of the people around here with the facts.
So we didn't lose here, and Joe Rose isn't going to vote on truth.
That was great news, because you know who he'd be voting for.
Yeah.
So maybe Robert Grupper, maybe they'll go together, hand in hand.
I wonder if Joe, if they do get him to vote,
you think he would move Robert right there in the park,
so probably would do that. That's why he's not going.
Here's a compulsive mooner.
In fact, I was asking Bufo, what Joe's religion was.
He said he's a mooney.
Yeah, that's what he told me.
Could be sure.
Okay, here's all the other cow.
Which is okay. Like I said, I got a lot of stuff here.
And these people are nothing to say about any of those switches,
which is just mind-boggling.
Move it in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Mr. Eel, hey, how's it going?
Okay.
So we want somebody like that in the White House.
This is a perfect example of somebody who's like us, you know,
getting the rest of the drum drive, right?
Yeah.
Hey, what was that drinking in the eagle?
Like, something like a lot of eagle.
So you're just making guttable sounds, not something like pulling strings
and making sounds from out of your puts or what?
I don't know, but there's something like that.
Yeah, how there is obviously.
What do you say? Oh, there was something in this Coke, is that what he says?
And you wonder why we didn't have C-SPAN come down here?
God, this place is so embarrassing that I'm just,
if we work for those big Patriots, I'd be humiliated to work here.
You know, I really, I'd be embarrassed as I'll get out.
If we work for those big, fat, gigantic Patriots,
and there's lengthy vacations.
God.
You can't compare it about the intellect of this town,
because there isn't any.
Wouldn't you have assumed, I mean, they were forming it to my fair last night.
I mean, and the firms ringing off the hook and the emails there just
were going nuts every guy's name that was getting turned on.
And I come here this morning.
Hey, fat, maggots, we already knew that.
That's not news.
Tell me something we don't know.
And of course, that's probably one of those bush workers out there, you know?
Yeah, that's the response.
That's only where they can respond.
How the heck can you defend the indefensible?
What?
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
I mean, I think I can get out of here with a little apocacy.
Yeah, you're unbelievable.
I mean, this is a lethal nature, the biggest replica that's ever been anywhere.
Why is that?
I mean, in minutes.
I mean, I don't got to tell you why.
You know, that's not the way you're a replica.
Why is that?
You don't need me to tell you.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry, everybody.
Okay, brilliant.
Do we have an idea what he's talking about?
No, no.
I'm not running for president, okay?
So George W. Bush is running for president.
How about you?
Are you running for president?
We're talking about a guy who's running for president.
It's got nothing to do with hypocrite.
It has to do with this guy can't handle the facts.
He's embarrassed that he's got a scumbag here that he supports.
And no matter what they came out with over the weekend and revealed this guy's service.
Oh, you can't say that because you're a hypocrite.
Yeah.
And by the way, did I ever get a DUI?
No.
No, not that it's not last time I checked.
Not last time I checked, don't have those DUIs, okay?
Here's Hollywood, hello?
Every Duke cocaine?
No.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Happy to be late at work this.
Thanks.
Been around since K.
It's Sunday, sir.
Fourth day of this summer.
Fires and two-day.
Listen, this thing with this Bush guy, he is probably the most arrogant little prick I've
ever seen.
He's like, whatever he does, I can just imagine him being president.
Anything goes on, he can do whatever he wants.
He's just, you know, he trusts the people, they're going to be the right thing and all
his billionaire buddies.
It's a good change.
You know, he's the head of, right?
Yeah.
The chain he was the head of Halibut.
Yeah, I'm one of the biggest oil service companies.
So you can just imagine, you can just imagine it's like the box, the box, and the
handouts.
I mean, that's pretty evident.
I just can't imagine people looking and saying, this guy has the moral or the quality of a
person you want in the White House.
It's ridiculous.
They have three DUIs between the two of them.
Plus, the fact that the chain he had three heart attacks and bypass your dream and is like,
you know, out of mat and you look at shape.
And don't talk about chainy's daughter.
Oh, sorry.
Don't talk about his boy-like daughter.
That's bad.
Don't talk about her.
She has them around.
No, she's back in the closet.
She wants to go out to her team.
Exactly.
But she's going to cause it with the bottle waiting for her.
Okay, waiting for pieces.
Call them on the party started.
They're like more green than the Godfather.
Call them on the party started.
And I always think about, let's see, he's had heart attacks.
Now, three heart attacks, open heart quadruple bypass surgery, cancer, doubt, and allergic reaction
to a pomegranate that nearly killed them.
All of those things were hip or dig chainy and to DUIs.
There's a classy guy.
And the other guy was saying that the publicans are in that.
I think he got a back wheelchair.
The Democrats are running against the death, dumb and blind, and they still can't get a leave.
That's the kind of candidate they've still put in up there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I'll tell you this.
These people, it's astonishing to me.
How you can't penetrate.
I mean, where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Nothing's good making a difference to them.
We can come out over the weekend with a series of ax motors that the busher chain did or both.
You know, you're just playing a hypocrite now.
You're just going to throw the tricks you're desperate.
Throw the tricks.
Here's a great fact.
George W. Bush promises to bring dignity and character back into the overall office.
Are they brand names of vodka, scotch or gin?
Let me check that out during the break.
This is the 60 QAF.
The office put the only off.
4th radio, 560, QAM.
It's a V-L-A-C.
It's right at 3D tonight.
V-L-A-C is 5.
It's a V-L-A-C.
It's a V-L-A-C.
Throw, yeah, I'll play a V-L-A-C.
You know, it's much too bad when people are not gay.
We're world-famous and we're the tag of this day.
We're the girls of college and sex men.
We're the white hearts of these all-in.
I guess I can't switch sides.
Oh, so he can't even see me.
He's like two or two, but that's an eye-opening.
And that's a lie.
That's the way it is.
Oh, I'm a global girl.
I think that night is today.
Or it's true.
You'll never get it today.
You won't get it today.
10.31 at 5.60 WQM.
How's that pull coming out so far?
Will George W. Bush's DUI rest make any difference in the election outcome?
58 votes already.
28 say, let's say yes and 30 say no.
It's almost even right down the middle.
And you know what that means?
I mean, it just might.
Here's a mobile in a four-letter deal.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi.
How are you today?
I'm doing okay.
I just wanted to tell you a couple facts about this.
I don't know if it came out.
I heard you on the news last night that Dick Chaney,
when he decided to run for vice-definite,
also admitted that when he was in this one,
he had two DUI-Fs as well.
And, go.
I mean, Clinton, I'm pretty sure.
Well, that's about how he was such a young man.
He was 30 years old when I was a raster.
And I saw the young lady, the reporter from Maine,
that got the story.
And while he says he was driving slowly when he got picked up,
she had talked to the police person,
and that person mentioned that he had just run into some bushes.
And then he was driving away,
and that's when he was pulled over.
I think that the guy from Hardball said things that, you know,
he was in court, and they were out there for a trial,
and they asked him, they had you ever been arrested?
And at the time he says, well, I've done some things on that trial,
and you know, I, with my young dais,
but he never answered the question.
And what they're saying now is that when the guy from Hardball said,
not Hardball, but the guy that used to be a campaign adviser for Clinton,
and he's on the talk shows now.
He had some problems with women, et cetera.
And he said that what could happen is that,
he'll show in mortgage papers or legal documents,
what they typically ask you, have you ever been arrested?
And it turns out that he did not show off those papers properly
that that would show more wine.
Mm-hmm.
More wine.
I know he was arrested in college for stealing a wreath or something,
or some college plank.
I mean, but you know, the question is, how many are arrested?
How many of the things that are we really going to get to the meat of the matter?
The abortion story and a cocaine and all the other stuff?
I mean, for somebody who's expected the vote for him for president
and just say, well, anything that happened before I was 40, I'm not telling you.
That's not acceptable.
Right. Being your youth, I mean, 30 is not the mark of...
No, I mean, 39 certainly is an either.
I have a real face here. Thank you.
George W. Bush Jr. is counted as the savior of the Republican Party
by the National Press because he pulls votes for minority voters
and has his dad's name and fundraising connections to run on.
But before we annoy him is the next president,
let's look at what he's done with his wife and a nutshell.
Jr. won, grew up as a very rich child of powerful parents,
too partied from high school until the time he was 40 years old,
three made millions off, sweet insider business deals from political allies of his dad,
who happen to be the president, and four God-elected governor of Texas
mostly because of his name.
And this goes on at great length, and believe you me,
I'll be very happy to read all of it.
At least what I've got here in print.
What's that website again?
www.realchains.org slash Bush Jr. Bush Jr. Bush Jr.
J-R.H-D-M.
And it's now up on our website there, if you didn't get it down.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got a couple of other types.
There was another story that broke yesterday,
which I think is even more important.
It turns out that you've known the situation in the White House
where thousands of emails have been disappeared,
haven't been able to have been found regarding
Gourds campaign fundraising in California,
that Buddhist thing, and some other scandals.
Well, the father of the Internet, apparently, forgot that
there are things that his backpack takes,
and one of those tapes has been restored,
showing that Goura had knowledge of the fact
that it was violating campaign financial rules
on the fundraiser at the Buddhist monastery.
Yeah.
So, how do you respond to that?
What about it?
Well, you know, you're talking about what's more relevant?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
You don't want to listen.
You don't want to have a conversation, do you?
That's my comment to you.
The DUI is only the tip of the iceberg,
a very small tip, like I was just saying,
but you didn't hear it because you don't listen.
You don't take a breath while you're not here anything.
When it comes to campaign fundraising,
and Goura has already admitted that with the Buddhist Temple stuff,
there are a bunch of thieves.
But at least he's committed,
and he's made such an iron-clad commitment of it,
to changing that.
McCain Fiegel, which your body, your boy is against.
He's against it.
He's not going to cut off his nose despite his face.
Cut off all his financing from his rich oil
and pharmaceuticals of bodies into backward people.
Don't confuse you with the facts.
Nobody's sitting here saying that Goura is without many blemishes.
He's a tonnish candidate at Beth.
But that, just like the big years,
will say last night,
we got two horses left in the race.
We got a horse and a horse's ass.
That's what you got left.
And always the same deal.
Let's try to obfuscate.
Let's try to take the big flashlight
and take the shine over there in the other direction.
It's been shining in that direction for eight years now,
with $50 and $70 million of taxpayer money,
spent on white water and penis gait,
and traveled gaiting all of a sudden to crap.
We stood them onto a p-hole in the snow.
And I hear the guy who's talking about bringing morality back to the White House
and this and that and all that.
I say, we only got two or four days left.
How about, you know,
being able to stand three or four days
of a little spotlight in that direction?
And so they're just giving this guy a free pass
which he's had his entire life.
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
Yeah, he had a grandpop, or she gave daddy
to give him probably five million dollars to get him started.
Back at a time when five million was like a some serious money.
Not to mention Martha Washington there
and all the money that her family has.
Biggest rule in the info.
You're dipped in it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
Long time listener.
You notice nobody's talking about the package
and I was sent to the group and they interested them up.
Yeah.
How come they're talking about it?
That's because it's all news because nobody cares about that anymore.
Yeah, it's all news.
Uh-huh.
But you know, I, I can get B.A.
He's covering up for his guy.
There what?
Yeah, B.A.
The FBI what?
He's covering up for them.
Covering up for what?
Because you're not, but you know, this family.
I mean, Dave, then you, well, actually.
Well, when you want to speaking,
let's call me back and we'll have a great discussion about it.
Okay sir.
Or just forget about it.
5.670.560.560 on the AT&T.
I should just keep reading, you know.
Well, what's the point?
Take a new idiotic phone call.
What the hell did the bosa want there?
Dropping off some mail for George.
Well, George ain't here.
He just wanted to make him pure and right.
It's not bad.
You know why you look at it.
Trust me.
What is it?
Some flip fetish thing.
Oh god, that's George.
I'm beginning to really get worried about him.
You know, eating too much of that bad ass.
21.4.560.560.2QM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
What the hell was that?
Oh, look at that.
See, I had to do that input thing because this is what's the board.
He's a crap.
That's all right.
We'll get back to it.
What are you looking at me like that?
Well, we was listening to the something off the internet earlier
and you have to do the thing with the buttons on it
because it's a Mickey Mouse board
that we bought at Kmart on sale on this cap.
17.4.11.560.2QM.
106 votes already.
Well, George, W's DIY West Mechanics difference in the election outcome.
54 years, 52 no.
106 votes already.
And I'll say it again.
If it was an isolated incident,
if that's the worst a guy ever did, big deal.
Not a big deal.
But even like some of the top Republicans were saying last night,
why not come out with it?
See, unless this was part of an overall syndrome
and there's lots more there, why keep it in the closet
and give the other side the opportunity to bring the springness.
In fact, last night when he was making his sole apology at the statement
and giving all this lame excuse about not wanting his daughters to know about this,
he must have said four times in his three minutes little speech there,
must have said at least four times.
Well, I share as funny.
I was coming out at this time and I had my ideas about how this comes from.
So that's not the issue.
That's not what's important.
The fact is that he did everything he could to keep this from the public.
And what else is it that we don't know?
Huh?
Requiring minds want to know.
Hello.
Hi, George.
Here's a payphone in Perrine.
Hello.
What's up, Neil Aiko?
Okay.
I'm a swarpsons Perrine.
I told him to tell you that.
Okay.
That's why we put you on right away.
I had two or three things to say about this.
We don't want you to be a standing target down there.
You know how it is down there.
I was thinking about listening.
I watched a very live last night.
Yes, sir.
And this Democratic guy asked a Republican Congressman that was defending Bush, a real interesting
question.
Well, you run your election for Congressmen or whatever, teach your run as well.
And this comes up about your opponent, four days before the election.
One, two, what would you do?
And the guy couldn't stay anything.
He was dumbfounded.
But he still want to come up with this.
It's okay that you know the Democrats come out with this sweet tactics.
But he still want to answer the question.
He said, what would you do with your opponent?
Something like this happens to your opponent.
Somebody who runs a neck and neck race against you.
What would you do?
He still comes out for the question.
Yeah.
He went on without the show without asking the question.
Second thing, Neil is the first in the black community like there's never one before.
A lot of blacks get nine votes.
But we really do this guy's a threat to us.
Don't be surprised.
It's a black vote.
Carry this guy.
Carry it towards the election.
All right.
Great.
Yeah, there's more than just about 3000 people expected to rally downtown and vote early and often telling you man.
The black vote for carry this guy to say.
You were a part of that.
I've never heard a burrow like this before.
All right.
And one more thing.
Yes, sir.
I told my wife, two, she'll be prunchless in the ballot, two.
Okay.
All right.
He hoax.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, five, 60.
Yeah, the starch is going to get out there in big, big numbers, baby.
And of course down here in Florida, the Jews are going to get out.
They're going to get out massive numbers.
The old Jews, they're going to be on their walkers and their wheelchairs and their canes.
They're going to be cricketing and they're going to be schlepping.
That's right.
All the old Jews are going out there.
They're both with you, Lieberman.
You got it, baby.
And Bill Nelson.
And Elaine Blue, if they live over there.
You'll see.
You can just almost smell it.
All this goody-two shoes, holier than now.
You know, nonpartisan were getting people to work together.
Yadi had all this other horse crap.
All of these lies.
We'll see.
Great tells all kinds of exaggerations.
But in Bush's case, he just tells flat out lies.
What's the thing about the patient's rights?
But that was just an absolute lie.
One of many.
I don't confuse those people with the facts because for some reason they're enamored.
I could just be that tax cut, they think they're going to be.
They're already spending it.
Even though most of Mark got to get it, they're already spending it.
Sounds just like 1980 all over again, no?
And what would be great to have another Republican recession?
Can't wait.
See in a way that's written down about I do because then the market goes in the crap house.
And when you're making some very serious money, then you can buy everything like your cheap like on sale.
Yeah, even your bruising on sale.
Here's your rabies, hello?
Hello?
Yes sir.
Hi, I'm Neil.
I've been waiting a long time to speak with you.
My wife and I are people in our mid-70s.
Yes.
We enjoy your program very much.
Thank you.
And I'm very pleased that you're involved now in discussing this ridiculous race that's going on in this country.
We have two candidates, both of which are way nothing to be forgotten.
That's quite I wanted to make.
And view what happened last night.
Here is a man who was assisting that people who were willing to wish to buy a gun,
get an overnight check and get the gun immediately.
And he's complaining about something that happened 24 years ago.
Why was it all this sudden?
Why didn't this come forward when he was put forward as a candidate?
Yeah, I mean, I'll say it again.
The idea that somebody wants to run for president says, well, you can ask me whatever you want.
But none anything that happened more than 20 years ago.
Well, what kind of a comment is that? It's idiotic.
Right.
One more thing, which is the main reason I wanted to call you, not the Bush.
I'm not sure exactly one, but during his presidency,
who was a member of the National Rifle Association, as a life member, who resigned to what LAPA year had to say.
Right. He sent his card back.
Yeah, I was wondering whether that's still the case or whether he joined again.
No, he's out.
Yes, definitely out.
How did you get the card to junior?
Well, you're scariest because there are some men who say, we've not lived.
I wouldn't believe anything that comes out of his mouth.
Okay. Okay.
Thank you very much, Neil.
She on Tuesday.
But it wasn't okay.
Okay. Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Frank, Frank. She's only got one.
All right.
5670560.560.
On the 18th, P and Verizon wireless LAN.
A lot of lane.
Here's LAP.
Hello.
LAPA.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
The first time caller, a long time wireless LAN.
And to begin with, I'm not a registered Democrat, but which year?
Going Democrat.
Mm-hmm.
I, you know, a frickin' fact running on the Republican Party, that is ridiculous.
And another thing I wanted to get your input, or maybe some of your listeners, my wife and
I, we went to Catholic Church and Beverly Beach on the military trail last few weeks, and
we, and we hear the priest get up and guiding, inputting or implying that the people there
vote for Republicans.
So after the sermon, I approached the priest and I told him, you know, I come here to
play, and I don't come here for political speech.
Right.
And, you know, they have the comfortable audience, and quite a few of the people
are inventive, you know, or admire to.
And I just want the people I know out there that when they go, gone by, they're not
that they're preaching.
Okay.
Vote your heart, because the best man out there is grower.
We change in much.
Well, that's true, but the frickin' fact is even fleshed.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a good one.
See ya.
Look for the Q and Vand from 11 this morning to 1 to 7, and Bill Sydles and Davey,
I'm university, you two instilling a grip and to get your best in the LCD and consenting
of course, those nifty keychains and t-shirts still in the gel will be there.
Bill Sydles from 11 to 1 on Davey and university, what is that?
In Davey and university.
Or is that in university on Davey?
Between, I know where it is, just to a lie.
Yeah, you, what happened to you?
You started blowing your nose there, and I think your brain's got effect with it, but the
throat of the tennis morning.
I think it was after Joe Woster, bitch, you knew what I was.
5.6 out of 0.5.50, well, not directly in others.
You notice he always gets it to an intermediary, that really cracks me up.
That's what a pussy he is.
He always has to do it to an intermediary.
He looks like a bunch of little children on that more in show.
Little children.
That'll be the theme song, Billy J. Cramer, Little Children.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, nice talk and be a Neil.
Uh-huh.
Regarding that schmuck's DIY driving incident, his mother, the other night admitted that
GW was a heavy drinker until the age 40.
Now that's a hell of a lot of drinking from Mr. Restlet's lady and prior to that, to the
age of 40.
Well, the word now is that he just drank and partied in the stutter-on until he was 40 years
old and then he dropped to the down-to-business.
Yeah.
Okay, now that's a lot of unquestionably heavy drinking.
Yeah.
And that's all.
All those years of drinking that way, he lays havoc with one's brain.
Maybe that's why he speaks that way.
Exactly.
His brain, his mind and his body puts it in the category of an alcoholic.
How'd you like to take a look at his liver?
Yeah.
Stop talking about that.
The brain is enough.
I'll tell you that showed.
And this puts GW one drink away from returning to alcoholism.
And that's all we need in the White House.
A substance abuser.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
That other stuff could come out in the next few days.
I pray.
I pray that it does.
So when you know a joe Liebeman, when he first heard about it, what he said, the one
that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one
that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that
he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he
said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he
said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the
one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that
he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one
that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said, the one that he said,
and other loose shameless flip-flops, my boy seniors read my lips known in taxes, and junior's very publicly fused
of the make with the gay law cabinet Republicans group until right before the California primary,
which he claimed he was fine with all wrong, not to mention somebody becoming a reformer after he got
shalak and new Hampshire primary, and it goes on in the real, at great length, but don't confuse these people with the facts.
Here's the latest this CNN tracking pair today, Bush 47, growth 43.
All the ballot in the one race that I am asking you to pay particular attention to.
Look, take on that.
430-0560-WG2A-M by heavy court-loader-dail, a easily broadcast group station.
Anybody have on high?
I am down over.
I'm not saying any attention, because I'm reading my birthday cards in the sales department.
So I'm still not going to play that yet.
What?
What was the method in my madness?
In fact, maybe I will have to play one more bit for the whole show if I keep on screwing up like this.
Here's my birthday Sunday, I'm in title, and I don't even bet.
Look at this birthday card, and here's a real ugly, it's a fag card, you know.
Here's the ideal man in color.
It's ugly.
That's what happens when you have a straight sales department.
Their taste is in there.
Back on, push.
That's what Joe said.
Joe Rose.
Hi, boy, and Peter Letting, which I don't understand right now.
Who's this?
I love the people who just put initials down, and which I have no idea what they'll tell us.
Try.
May you have a great...something.
Todd Dreck.
Adam.
Adam says, I know you wish you an Amsterdam.
Yes, that's right, Adam.
Adam's the only one I understand.
He gets it.
He probably picked out the card.
Anyway, 560-0560, I'm going to read this rough native thing in a few minutes by Jonathan Alder.
I'm getting all the stuff out here today.
And between the calls, which are getting really geometric.
160-0560, you know that.
That's because the younger people they don't care about any of those.
They were wish I was talking about the hockey game or anything else.
I don't care.
I've got only three shows left.
Today, Monday and then Tuesday, on Election Day.
We will have a fight out for sure if I'm going to be voting in the right place there,
and there is a Victoria Park, is that an end?
I guess it does make any difference.
Well, I mean, if I go there in so long place, I can go to the other job.
I'm pretty sure that must be it.
You're not voting in Victoria Park.
I'm not.
I live in Victoria Park.
No, not Victoria Park.
It's called something like that.
Victory Park.
Victory Park.
As in Victory Floor.
Oh!
Yeah.
On the corner of our Humberley Kington sunrise, I believe.
See, and I don't understand how you're supposed to know these things.
What if you don't have your own radio show?
And you go to the place where not only you go to the place where it says on your radio station card,
they say, oh yeah, you don't belong here.
Go over there to that joint to that place.
What kind of crap is that?
Here's Humber Fine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm Neil Junkie.
First of all, I'd like to say that this is going to have an impact on the election.
Oh my God, my left ear is just open.
I thank God.
I think something exciting just happened.
Anyway, it was going to happen.
It has to happen.
I mean, they're going to point fingers.
I mean, they're going to put it in parties, the party of scandals.
Yeah.
But as long as it's not pointed at them.
Uh huh.
And you talk about the podcasting that you had a panked the idea that they're saying.
And this is so typical Democratic dirty tricks.
I can say they pull every dirty trick on Clinton.
You can check your thing at.
And he's still in there.
Yes sir.
I'm just going to say that.
I think you can fire water.
And I want to actually bring that thing Neil.
I want to talk to you.
I think they have the latest pregnant people in the bush.
Yeah.
Anything new from that?
No, we're not going to hear any more about that.
I think I got to hear.
Okay, well, I'm going to blow a couple of times for our goal.
Okay.
All right.
Good luck, your time.
Okay.
Don't forget to nose nose.
That's the slowdown of the bush campaign this year.
They can smell it out.
No, no.
Yeah.
Which of them going to expect for his liver or his nose or passages?
Oh, sorry.
Shouldn't have said that.
Basically, we want to play that good again.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Don't forget.
Miguel is at the QA and Vander.
He may be on the way or he may be there or whatever.
At Bulls' idols in Dady.
At the University between Sturling and Griffin.
They get all your new plungers propaganda for plant pirated.
What do we got?
We got well over 40 grand.
I'm sure it's for plant pirated by now.
Maybe one of these days we'll get another total product on Monday.
We're on our way.
Here's a lady in Margey.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How's your call today?
It's getting to the end.
It's good.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
I just want to say that on MSNBC this reporter Wayne Flater said that Bush is a liar because he was asked a while ago about any arrest charges.
And he said, no, I haven't been arrested.
Really?
After 1956?
Right.
And this happened in 1976.
Right.
Well, that doesn't lead you to wonder what happened in 1956.
But I wish the MSN had known MSN in the college deal where he was arrested.
Well, like you said, it's the tip of the iceberg.
And to just have to keep listening, I guess.
Okay.
You're very informative.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
5'67", 5'60", 5'60", how's the poor company?
Well, I'm glad you asked.
172 votes already will judge W. Bush's DUI will make any difference in the auction outcome.
Look at that.
172 votes.
What's half of 172 real fast?
86?
86?
Yes.
86?
No.
KSU KNO.
The guy was there.
The guy was there.
The asylum he's dying for to come by.
He wants you.
He wants your money for panparadol.
Well, Ralph went wrong by Jonathan Alter and Newsweek magazine this week.
It's his native's hooting not just Al Gore, but all the causes he has championed over the
years.
Jonathan Alter writes, when I was 10 years old growing up in Chicago, I heard the demonstrators
in town for the 1968 Democratic Convention, chatting down the dump the hump.
That fall, they in millions of other supporters of Eugene McCarthy believed there was no difference
between who would hum for in rich addiction.
They were deeply mistaken as we learned the hard way.
When I was 22 years old, I spent the summer of 1980 working for Ralph Naider.
My job was to write part of a book about the campaign that year.
I was responsible for chronicling third party candidate John Anderson.
For all of our last operations of Jimmy Carter, we understood that a vote for Anderson was
a vote for Ronald Reagan.
Even then, I disagreed with Naider on several issues, starting with his unshakable faith
and lawyers and regulators, but I developed a deep respect for his leadership of the consumer
movement.
Last year, when several lists were published at the most important Americans of the 20th
century, Naider's name was rightfully included, Bill Clinton's was not.
In recent years, Naider ambled the streets of Washington unrecognized.
He wasn't quite a husband, his group still knew some important work, but he seemed to
figure from the 1960s and 70s.
Now he's cool again, mob by young supporters that don't think he doesn't and don't think he
doesn't love it.
When I saw him recently, his beef was with the press, particularly the New York Times,
we're not giving him enough coverage.
Fair enough, and he and Patrick can't ensure that it had been allowed into at least one of
the debates, it was idiotic to ball Naider even from the audience.
But my beef with him was bigger.
By refusing to admit that there are deep differences between now going George W. Bush,
by claiming to this emotionally satisfying but factually inaccurate notion of a damn rep party,
Naider was squandering his most precious asset, his intellectual honesty.
Start with the environment, which the Green Party is supposed to be about.
Beyond his support for gun control, why is Gour in such trouble in a state like West Virginia?
Because he won't roll over for the current chemical industries that run the state.
They know he's the most serious environmentalist ever to run for president.
It's Gour, who negotiated the Kyoto World Awards on global warming, and got Clinton to set aside
the most acres for conservation since Teddy Roosevelt.
The Sierra Club and the Friends of the Earth believed Clinton has fallen short on getting some things
through, as would needless to say, a president Naider, but these are another environmental groups that
enthusiastically endorsed Gour over a GOP candidate who argued in Texas that compliance with clean air standards
should be voluntary.
Or take campaign finance reform, the signature issue of many Naider whites.
A recent poll showed that voters actually thought Bush would be better on that issue than Gour,
though Bush opposes reform and gross imports it.
This cop-guide notion as a result of all the coverage of the Democrats' 1996 irregularities,
much of that coverage was justified, but a combination with the endless GOP slurs on Gour's honesty and integrity
created the foreign impression that Gour is A in somebody's pocket and B in order to clean up the system.
Naider had steadies, conards.
The fact is, President Bush would veto the McCain-Fine Corps Bill-Banning's off-money, while President Gour would look with John McCain
and quite likely get his past.
That won't solve the problem of money and politics forever, but why make the perfect the enemy of the good?
Naider voters, by considering what's being called the Ivan strategy after calling this Molly Ivan,
she or just voting with your heart where you can and your head where you must.
New York mayor will candidate Mark Green, who backs Gour despite having once the NATO's closest associate,
last week, privately urged his old boss to embrace that approach, which would mean campaigning in states like Texas and New York,
or the outcome is three or a day, but not in Oregon, Washington, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan,
and other swindlers, where he could truly cost you the election.
So far, Naider was not complying, he's looking past the campaign to a building a movement.
But he's going about it in the wrong way, and a send a green party whose Zany Tadham of abolishing the Senate
and other left-wing idiocies is being announced by NATO himself, will simply guarantee Republican presidents for the foreseeable future.
NATO rights should have persuaded the man to run into the Democratic primaries, he might want a few,
scare Gour and push the parties to left on trade.
That's the way real change occurs in American politics, and it would have given NATO the genuine influence he craves,
instead he risked being marginalized by angry fellow progresses and remembered it by history as a spoiler.
That would overshadow all of these accomplished.
NATO voters, run the illusion that a Bush era, some are harmless to them, are mere interlude to rally their cause.
Many were in grade school when Reagan was present, and forget the consequences for progressive causes.
It would be one thing if Bush were brilliant but lazy, or thick but hardworking, but he is neither brilliant nor hardworking,
which means that the presidency will be essentially subcontracted to exactly those corporate interests that NATO rights believe are threatening our democracy.
That reminds me of the logic of those who extended the Vietnam War courtesy of Nixon and his unbiting allies on the left.
We headed this through our village in order to save it. America's tried that well, it doesn't work.
Nice article there by John Alter, Jonathan Alter in the Newsweek.
What I'm talking about, we're going to change anybody's mind?
No, not those NATO rights babies, they're building it.
Nine minutes after you're left at 5.50 W. Kim.
Have that, did that that?
I went to London yesterday, Carol and James, looking for a golden band I could nail.
Everyone's up and in doing their thing.
We're all begging and they say we do their thing with us.
They're just fine and they're so right.
They can finally hold on to self-harmony.
We're begging as a jailhouse.
Officer 47 was saying in MAK3, they were the cutest government I ever seen.
This one in MAK3 was hiding me with a twid.
She said, come over here so I can make it my best to let's fuck.
Everybody let's fuck.
Take your bodies in and sell blood.
We're begging as a jailhouse.
Officer 47 was standing all alone.
It's a fucking fucking worst, honest one.
The worst dead body, what you doing over there, bang yourself and in MAK3,
Wacking in that jail, that's f**k.
Everybody let's fuck.
Take your bodies in and sell blood.
We're begging as a jailhouse.
115 at 560 WQM, don't forget Miguel is over there at Bill Siles on baby and university
between Sturrying, Griffin Road.
How come I can't say that right?
Well you know where the hell it is.
560 705 60, you are just in, are you in the bag today or what?
It looked like you had a really not feeling well at all.
Why?
What's the problem?
What's that A?
Signacist congested.
Most have been held by a Roman the holiday.
That's a lot of people up there.
They have a last length.
Really?
Okay, Joe Castello, we're going to have the same cottage for Joe by 1230
We're going to be putting him away.
And also I played that last day with all the apologies to late Steve Allen.
Well yeah, he wouldn't have liked that.
Here's Fort Waterdale, hello.
Yes sir.
There you are, happy birthday.
Thank you.
I love you, Chef.
Just a stop.
Quick question here, Officer.
Well all of the, yeah.
Chef, that is asking about us.
Yes, talking about the George Bush rest for just driving.
I don't recall the same type of scrutiny after the one-eater Brotterick.
He's been shows him out.
One-eater Brotterick?
Right.
Who knows that?
The woman that was allegedly raised by their friends.
Yeah.
And he's got such a thing that there should be some kind of a...
I mean I don't know why Fort Waterdale's raised me a lot.
I love letting me tell you something.
Bill Clinton had every part of his private part inspected from the inside, outside, upside down.
From Jennifer Flowers to Kathleen Rally, the Monica Lewinsky to you name it.
Half of those others, how much more did they have to do to inspect Bill Clinton's personal life?
Well, in addition to which I read plenty about that, there was nothing to it.
Anybody can come forward and make some kind of accusation, there was nothing to substantiate it.
Hey, that's a good point.
Yeah, that's a good point.
And then they find out that there were troopers in Arkansas who hated Clinton like Persons who were taking money to spread this crap.
But I mean, you know, don't confuse anybody with the facts.
Okay, what?
You're back about that.
Okay, thanks.
See, let's go back to Clinton.
Let's deflect.
Deflect.
Deflect.
Well, Bush didn't show up this last year in the military, you know?
National Guard.
No, deflect, deflect.
We're talking about him.
You want to vote for him to be your next president?
Let's not talking about Bubba and this one and that one and everybody else.
Let's take a look at him.
It looks to me like we have another Teflon candidate as well who looks like to me, if they can do no wrong.
Unlike his father who could do a wrong.
Hey, that Chinese girlfriend.
Papa Bush.
He did a wrong.
Maybe that's why he puked his guts.
In Japan.
Maybe he ate too much Chinese.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's your field.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, I'm the first time.
I mean, this is my 20-years-old.
This is my first time watching election coverage.
Uh-huh.
And I'm just like thinking about it.
Like, this is really on how, like, like, one year ago, there were a condemned Clinton for all his aggressions.
And now there's guys with the DEY charge didn't admit it or anything.
And they're like, oh, well, it was however long ago.
Oh, it was ago, yeah.
And like, nobody else, he got a slap on the rims for the DEY, which I don't know what the law was back then.
But I don't know what it is now.
Uh-huh.
And he just got a slap on the rims.
Nobody's saying anything about that.
Yeah.
Also, I'm not saying anything about the fact that it was part of a 20-year-long drinking problem that he had.
But he claims he's overcome.
But nevertheless, there are also allegations of other substance abuse problems like cocaine and who knows what else.
And he won't answer any questions about that.
Yeah.
And like, in my thing, you see I was watching this morning, the reporter who leaked the story,
how, I remember how you mentioned her, how he kept saying five, about the five counts,
mentioning about who leaked the story.
Yeah, about the suspension timing, yeah.
And she like comes on, she's like, oh, the lawyer who gave me the, um, information he voluntarily said, he was a Democratic delegate.
And she doesn't find that suspicious and nobody else does like this.
Uh-huh.
And no one asked any questions.
These are questions that I would like to find out the answers to.
You've done.
But no one else has asked any questions.
That's all I had to say.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, the fact that he lied to his daughters and then mixed his lame excuse about what?
He didn't want them to do it.
He didn't want them to emulate him and start drinking while they drove.
I mean, come on.
That's his lame as it gets.
And they just had that press spokeswoman on there again.
And she was like, uh, Schmidt and her parents had a look at panic on her purse.
Because they do have a record of him being asked in 1992.
They had to date the time that the interview 1996,
whether he was ever arrested and the comment again,
whether he was ever arrested for drinking.
And his response was, uh, I don't have a perfect,
or something like that.
I don't have a perfect track record.
Whatever, but not, but again, an evasion, not a direct answer.
You want to answer those questions.
Now, if that makes him a man of great integrity and a man of tremendous backbone
and a man of great characteristics, then, hey, go for it.
Grab all the bus you can, baby.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to give you a different guy.
I'm here.
I am an independent, a true independent member of the Canhiding as one.
I voted for Clinton twice.
Yeah.
And, um, Gordon makes me sick from my stomach.
I can't stand the guy.
I can't say a lot better for Bush, but I will be voting for Bush.
Uh-huh.
We got in there.
It's fine if anything that he may have done, right?
I'll tell you what my opinion is.
I think I was against the witch hunt that they did against Clinton back in the day.
Um, I, I, I do believe that there's no one in this world.
If you really, uh, put your effort into it that will come up clean if your private life is.
Yeah, but everything is.
Let me ask you that.
Did you all compare us in between somebody who has a school around, you know, sexually?
Did you all compare us in between that, which gives us about all our presidents have done?
And somebody who has a substance abuse problem and lies about it and covers it up.
Do you think that there's a connection?
I don't think there's a connection, uh, exactly to what the level of, uh, importance of each issue, but I do.
Well, I mean, a man that's going to be sitting in the White House and have his finger on the button and possibly it's an opportunity to blow up the entire world and be making crucial decisions.
Don't you think that that's got to be something that we can trust?
It is, but I mean, in politics, there's nothing only to the sex life with his penis.
And Neil and Neil and politics, I don't think there's anybody who can trust.
Uh-huh.
But, you know, the fact is that I am against all these witch hunts and people trying to find, you know, who's got the better character.
I'm a man of issues.
So, then, so then what are the issues that you like?
What does it say you like about Bush?
What does he bring to the table?
Well, I'm against big government.
I don't want government intruding in their life.
You don't want government intruding in your life?
No, I don't.
I see, and the Republican Party is the bedroom party.
The bedroom party, the party keeps looking in your bedroom.
Texas is one of the few states left with one of those orthotomy laws that makes even married couples the criminals.
Even unless it's face to face intercourse, every other sexual act in the state of Texas is illegal.
You see, you're buying into propaganda here.
The Republican Party does it.
And this is just nonsense.
Right.
The party is a strong government.
They're the party of fascist government.
They want to stick their nose into women's room and tell her she has no right to have any destiny of her own body.
You think that's more government?
Well, look, I don't want to debate the issues.
You don't want to debate the issues, of course, you know, because you don't have to like to stand on.
You're an idiot.
I don't want to debate the issues.
You can't debate the issues because you have no substance.
Are you in the said substance?
Shouldn't have said that.
There's a good lesson for all your kids out there.
When you get your own radio show, don't go snorting on the air when you have a bad cold.
That sounds disgusting, you know.
Ooh.
For a straightened ECS, it takes only two seconds.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
A nice clean one for you.
A nice clean one for you.
Nice clean one for you.
See, I give the guy a lot of time.
I try to have a discussion with him.
I asked him what it was that he liked it.
I mean, you know, I'll talk to the Bush people, but the problem with most of them is they don't have anything rational.
There's nothing rational.
He's against all the rich hunts, and it's got nothing to do with character with the issues.
And I asked him, oh, he's for small government.
See, he's buying it at that propaganda about, oh, Goro is going to expand government.
We've got a smaller government now that we did eight years ago, and Goro is the one behind that.
Downsized in government.
But don't confuse anybody with the facts.
He doesn't like real period for whatever the reason.
He don't like the way he looks.
He doesn't want to take a shower with him.
Whatever the deal is.
I don't know.
I'm not a big fan of his either.
It gives me the creeps to the honest rule.
But he's the best we've got.
And he sure has haves and shoulders, literally and figuratively, above those drunk from Texas.
Here's a mobile and blatant beach, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
First of all, I got to just call it a smaller government.
Yeah.
And since government Bush became governor of Texas, the Texas government has grown by eight percent.
That is correct.
Government has gotten bigger.
Right.
And they talk about forest spending.
Goro does want to spend more than Clinton, but it is a smaller percentage of the GDP.
They don't understand that.
Right.
So these people are way off.
Also, another while you can add to George W. Bush's list is that he says he has not had a drink since 1986.
There's a website.
It's GWBush.com.
You go there and you can see a picture and even download a small segment of video of him drunk as a scum drinking bourbon at a friend's wedding in 1992.
All right.
Look it up.
GWBush.com.
1992, that sounds like it's only eight years.
Maybe my math is for it because I have this head code, but that sounds like it's only eight years ago.
Exactly.
Because that is another law.
Yeah.
And also, if you go to this website, you click on low-contin media, you can hear George Bush.
He's attacked this website and tried to have it shut down.
Yeah.
I've got that stuff here too.
When questioned about it, he said that there ought to be limits to freedom.
This man is a garbage man and we're aware of the site.
He said that there ought to be limits to freedom and you can see the quote in the source and even download an MP3 and hear him say it.
So this guy is a liar.
He is a scum bag and it is all hell going to break loose if he's elected.
Okay.
All right.
Have a great day.
Yeah.
I've got the thing about the websites that they've tried to shut down.
In fact, many of them they have shut down.
His campaign quietly and probably illegally bought up over 200 anti-Bush domain names, including BushStuck.com and BushBytes.com and BushBlowers.com over a year ago.
Illegally because he had refused to register as a candidate as part of his effort to make it look like people were begging him to run.
So spending money for his campaign was not allowed.
If you type in any of those URLs you end up at Bush's official website.
His campaign refuses to say whether this means they admit that he bites blows and sucks.
This is maybe he used to be a White House intern.
If you wanted to set up one of those sites, really easy because many good names are still available.
The BushCamp somehow neglected the purchase.
Bush is a prick.com.
Bush is weak.com.
Or BushStuckStuck.com.
So $30 next to yours.
26 minutes after 11 to 5.60 WQAM.
Miguel was out there with Bill Siders with all our best and all stuff. Don't forget about that.
I was having a rig.
One, two, three.
I made it through college and averaged the suit.
I have a lot of money but not looking up a brain.
I can't use voters who were just as late.
But I can say one thing that you can.
My dad used an ex-president saying, I got money.
Power is up to the lose.
I can do everything I use.
A little bit of cash is all I need to satisfy my ego and my greed.
Manipulated marketing is all I use.
The garner both for more, I was just like you.
This is a bad excuse me for the last.
I was thinking about that.
This is good.
From Amber Tavose or George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Is that a mix of my conversation fees?
On the king's cross denial too, I have no problem lying to you.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did slow a little bit of cocaine up my nose,
a little bit of tooth, a little blow.
When I'm elected out, I'm going to move all back.
When I put it up the convent, straight in pants.
I love the 31 to 560 WDQM.
So the geller is lonely over there.
Bill Siles on the university of the university of the Trinity,
he's got a lot of best of deals.
100 bucks, that even with his gas money to go there for 100 bucks.
He'll be there to one o'clock, so let's get with it.
56070560.560 on the AT&T end.
Horizon wireless line.
Here's the lady model of the...
Oh, that's so good.
You're kidding me.
I didn't know that it just cut out.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, New York.
Hi.
I'm calling from T.R. Goh.
That's what I said, yeah.
I'm sorry about that.
Still cast something you're in conversation, you'll be interested in it.
I was kind of...
We'll open him.
Till it's in our independent, I will be voting for Affnater.
We can go out, both make me six months out.
What's the point?
Well, I don't know.
Oh, you don't know.
They both make me out.
Yeah.
Listen, I had a scoop for on Bill McCollum.
Yeah.
I was looking at the rest of one of the nicer restaurants and forwarded out.
Yeah, he's a cheap tip, we already know about that.
Did you?
I didn't hear.
He got like ten bucks for a whole table.
He did.
How did you know?
Somebody called?
He fixed that to us last week.
Yeah, they said he's a cheap prick.
Did they fix the copy of the bill?
I run it to do that.
No, but I'd love to see it.
And you know what his first name is?
By the way?
No.
Ira.
Yeah.
His name is Ira W. McCollum.
What does that mean?
He's your age Jewish.
Well, where's he getting name like Ira?
Okay, thanks that's how we treat art.
Okay.
Okay, right from your trunk.
She had a faade to us.
No, no, his name is Ira.
Yeah, but Collum, that sounds like a...
I don't feel Jewish name, don't it?
Oh, God.
Have another day, sweetheart.
Yeah, she's voting for Nader.
Why?
A lot of them though.
I'll just go like the other.
I mean, this is what you're dealing with.
You know something?
I have felt this for years.
And I'm going to say it's just like the thing with Jewry duty.
It's the same thing.
The idea, this business of a Jewry of your peers,
the idea dealing with such morons out there,
if your life is on the line,
just like the OJ trial,
lots of morons there in that Jewry,
lots of dodo birds and professional spartus.
And the same thing with elections.
You're not going to elect your...
the population here.
You should have to pass some kind of acidic test
before they let you vote.
But that's what you have to be done.
Yes, somebody, why are you voting for this?
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah.
And the comms name is Ira.
Yes, so that in 40 cents,
they'll buy about a third of a cup of coffee, okay?
You turn about a third.
God.
Every day, these people let you hear.
These are the ones that are going to be out there on Tuesday,
voting, make no mistake about it.
And then these people are calling on the show
they're complaining about the people on those focus groups.
That's you folks.
That's you.
That's America.
The busy watching the Regis on there,
like they just discovered it,
it's 150 years old.
Now Regis is the hottest thing going.
And Acacia, where they ask,
what color is in orange?
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just noticing the colors,
they're going on bushes,
past, but apparently they all love the Kennedys.
And the Kennedys are much better than they did.
So the Kennedys are running right now.
George W. See, this reflection business doesn't work on this show.
The Kennedys aren't running for anything.
They're drunk, murderers, and rapeers.
Yeah, well, they're not running in Florida.
Which Kennedys running in Florida, sir?
Yeah, but I see that's okay.
That's okay.
The Kennedys are on the ballots.
Which one?
Obviously, you always tell them,
oh, okay.
5, 6, 7, and I never did say it's all right.
I said there were a bunch of carousel.
And then the old man was a quick Joe Kennedy.
And then the kids were all a bunch of carousel.
And I do like that, Kennedy.
He's a great senator.
But yes, he was a, he was a drunker.
But he also said,
we already know about that.
And Mary Jo Kepakni, he's still dead.
There's no secret in there that there were a bunch of drunks.
And then he knows that.
He's getting the divorce again here from his 85th wife, Ted.
But it's no secret.
And the electorate already knows that.
And he still keeps electing him over and over again.
It's one thing to know that and say,
we don't care.
It's another thing to lie about it.
And then say, here's a man we're voting for because of his character.
And he's going to bring morality back to Washington.
You don't want to hear that, do you?
Sir, you don't understand that.
The Kennedys.
Is there anybody named Kennedy running down there?
I think I even showed him Kennedy.
He's running.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Oh, good boy.
Running from Graham James as fast as he can.
Yes, sir.
The late now, Shirley.
The spokesperson for Bush.
Was that the author?
The author, yes.
Uh-huh.
You know, how old is Bush right now?
Because it looks like she was getting marred by that,
how old is Bush?
Older, I think, oh, better.
I don't know.
I'll put the first, something like that.
Okay.
Well, they keep her answer to every single question was,
it was an indiscretion when he was a youth.
Now, when he was 30?
Yeah.
The youth was a 30 years old.
This guy did not hold a job when he was 40 years old.
Right.
He was unemployed.
Well, let me say it again.
There's one line in this stuff that I was reading before.
That sums it all up perfectly.
I can find the damn thing.
And that is for, he partied from high school until the time he was 40.
He was given everything he had.
And he said, let me say it again.
From the time he was in high school, the time he was 40,
he drank, colloused, and screwed around.
That was his life.
And also, it disappeared for that last year of his military duty
in the National Guard Alabama, never showed up.
Which nobody wants to talk about that either.
And every time they mentioned that one of these shows,
they glossed it over like it doesn't count.
What these apologists fail to understand, especially the ones
with the distinctive accent down in Miami, is...
Well, how many of them have voted for Obama?
How many of them have voted?
How many of them have voted?
How many of them have voted for Obama?
So, there's only few of them.
So, we have it in a Cuban people call in here today for Bush.
What about your last few apologists that were just on?
No.
Well, they absolutely not.
You think that the Cubans are the other ones voting for Bush?
No, they're just tasting.
And we all have even bothered voting it through the options over them.
The problem is the hypocrisy that the GOP has.
There are the ones that have been preaching morality.
It wasn't been...
It hasn't been the Democratic or preaching morality.
Of course, Clinton has been a problem and his actions were a problem.
But they never went around saying,
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, sir Clinton hasn't been a problem
because Clinton was screwing around in the White House.
That's what he was doing, just like almost anyone of his predecessors.
And the gotcha Republican White Wing lunatics,
this is their tactic.
Don't you understand?
This is always harder than a media.
We gotcha.
Gotcha gotcha.
And the only problem is that they grew up in their face because then a long came Larry Flitz
and we had the Bob Livingston scandal and the Henry Hype scandal and the Dan Burton and the Zillogin McKibb scandal.
And we found out that there are a bunch of scumbags too.
There hasn't been any Clinton problem.
Clinton's not a drunk.
Clinton is a cocaine, a certain cocaine.
He smoked a little dope when he was in the college, whatever.
George W. Bush, he couldn't let Clinton's ass, I'll tell you that right now.
He's gotten the same category as a human being with Bill Clinton's got more brains in his little finger.
Bill Clinton spent the last eight years negotiating world peace agreements with the leaders that George W. Bush doesn't even know what their name is,
even if he didn't put out them.
So please don't insult Bob by putting him in the same category with his lung head, with his right weight.
Who's on the verge of just being handed the presidency because his name is Bush and because of what your rich assholes have decided he should be there.
There are mouthpiece.
He's the spokesman or speaking of the spokesman.
22 to learn the 5.62 AM.
This is 5.60.
Q.A.F.
That's a lie.
I am not.
I'm not saying.
I saw Paul Jones in penthouse today like a park crash.
Couldn't look away.
He turned my eyes.
What did I say?
If there's one thing.
Worst than her face is delayed quite open.
It's known to pass times.
Seasons favor.
They should all stay.
They will stay quite open.
With her late quite open.
60 to learn at 5.60.
We fight out that there is an egg Kennedy running.
He's on the ball.
Is that data bar?
I guess they didn't say.
I take that back.
There is a Kennedy running.
He's not Jewish and he's not a drug that we know.
5.60.
5.60.
5.60.
I don't think they know.
But 117 say.
Yes.
Out of 1036 votes.
Here's Georgie right now.
Is it matter of fact Georgie?
What do you got to say about it Georgie?
I've become the president.
We will waste no more time preparing to defend the American people.
Thirdly as president I will seize this moment of opportunity to build a military of the future.
Our military is strong.
But we cannot rest.
The world moves forward in technology and we must move even faster.
We will invest in military technology that takes us years ahead of any challenge.
Our heavy forces will be lighter.
Our light forces will be more powerful and all will be easier to move across the globe.
This will require spending more and spending more wisely.
I will commit an additional $20 billion a year for a $20 billion to defense research and development.
What is the best way to keep the peace?
What was that?
To redefine war.
See he member I just fairly well did all the stuff that they program in.
But once he gets a little bit off the track it's like, what is this?
What is this supposed to do here?
He hasn't got a freaking clue.
And isn't he allocating less money to defense than all of the other?
He's the defense that is proposed defense budget is less than all of the other.
That is correct.
Just like his program for education considerably less, much less than all of the other.
Including no help for middle class people with college tuition for their kids.
You should have heard Ross P. Row last night.
This was incredible.
About the great program he has accomplished in Texas and about how they help out the parents.
He has to go out there and do do do do and work your way to work.
They do this, they do that, they let them have all of the stuff they want.
So they're taking the guy to get a job the rest of the day.
Not a government thing.
Government can't do that. Government can't help.
You got to do your stuff. You got to work your way through there.
Pull up your sleeves and do do all over the place.
And the best part of it is you know that there isn't other than Larry who just sits there mesmerized.
There isn't one person in America who's paying any attention to this quilt for the big years.
Not one.
Here's your field. Hello.
Neil, I just can't believe this guy was 30 years old before we decided to...
And look, before we decided to become like a normal person who was drinking,
I mean who needs this as my presence?
I don't want to money my life.
Most people with 40 years old, you know, family or whatever.
He was selling his wild oats.
The Republican Party considers you to be a young ripper snapper when you're like 35 or 39.
You know my other point is we have a chance here with you.
I don't want to see Joel leave him as little yittle on TV right now.
Not a good idea.
No. Why is he on there?
Shut the hate for this little mother and his wife.
I don't want that anyway.
Well thank God I'm watching.
I'm watching Bush and I'm happy to see him and Joel leave him.
It's amazing if this bush wins.
It's a sad thing.
No, don't overestimate it.
People will real mall on there.
No, for this guy.
I'm going to go to your foretime just to make sure.
I hope I will.
Looking good and forward.
I'm praying.
I'm praying.
By real hot heart or not.
No more brush.
Yeah, that's what we say.
Are they going to bring the food here?
We're polishing here by the way.
I'm not getting really the exact word to hear speaking of Jewish people.
That's Scott and I were anything to need.
What you called him like hours ago didn't you?
He was like an eternity ago.
And when I last legs here and I just barely, barely hanging on.
Feed a crew baby.
Feed a crew.
Start off a fever.
I got no fever.
I'm as cool as a cucumber.
But this freaking crew.
Oh man.
Here's our program as tight as a snare drum.
My skin is as dry as and I think it's a cool.
I think it's the allergy.
Joe's got the sinus thing.
It's the spring and Florida allergies.
Every time I grow away anywhere else, my skin clears up.
I don't have all the dry, cakey, flaking skin.
And like, you know, and I can breathe and my sinuses open up.
I come back here and I thought, like that.
Just like that.
And a little like that too.
Out of town line is open.
You better call while we're still on the air over there.
Okay?
Because you never know what they're going to dick us around in four miles.
877-785-6345.
That's our tear-free worldwide number.
877-785-6345.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Happy birthday, now.
Thank you.
I was wondering when are you going to send a van down towards either Kendall or US1 in somewhere?
Definitely.
I'll be as soon as one of our salespeople finds a sponsor down there.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I don't think she's going to be able to get a good one.
I hope your squishing is a little hard now pal.
I hope that all the pus comes out.
560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile and candle, huh?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I called a few minutes ago and you said that if you wanted to bait with him,
well, I wanted to bait with you about bigger government.
Yeah.
Well, it has three times the time of wrong.
Absolutely wrong.
I hope to bait people that just read me the propaganda that you've got written down
with the stuff that Bush has been saying in the debates.
And even a child out there is laughing at you, sir,
just repeating the same minus crap wrong.
Absolutely positively wrong.
If you take the time to sit and watch MSNBC or CNN or even guide them right wing Fox News
and see them break these things down and show you the facts and figures or maybe read
a news magazine like Newsweek or Time or somebody that's like in the middle of the road,
maybe you'll fire out at you for a crap.
I'm not interested in debating anybody.
I'm not going to debate.
They're already made up your mind and they're good luck to you.
Okay, good luck to us because you've already made up your mind.
Smaller government.
That's a Republican party of the 80s and 90s in Avenue or the New Millennium.
Smaller government, right?
Which means basically, we're not going to help anybody who needs government to have them.
What we're going to do is stick our nose in our bedroom and in your room and up your ass.
You're not fooling anybody, sir.
Here's a mobile informer there.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You should have played Bush as he was saying.
I'm going to restore honor and dignity to the White House.
Yeah.
As he's leaving the podium in Michigan.
Oh, did you say that?
Yeah, just now.
Anyway, I'm saying that.
And he said the last round's on me.
Mr. Tarotter here.
In an old movie public.
Yes.
On a profile account, he was always a spokesman from last night.
Right.
Are you sure to say to her did you see her this morning?
She's okay.
She's probably wearing the pen now, but she's going to be a little antsy.
Very panic.
Fox News and Fox News dot com.
They're now describing it as an old lesson to our kids.
Uh-huh.
Okay, there's switching.
I think they let her luck the letter off of that.
But anyway, and in an old and new republic profile, she said,
this was about it just after the governor's reelection in 1998.
Yeah.
Dallas Morning News.
Wayne Slater Press Bush about whether he had ever been arrested.
He said after 1968, no.
I said, what about?
I said, what about before 1968?
He said, wow.
And at that moment, Karen stuck in and said, wait a minute.
I've not heard this.
She clearly wasn't prepared for what he was about to say and he shut up.
How do you like that?
So he said no after 1968.
And this is a complete lie.
1976, which is, uh, sound like eight years after 1968.
Yeah, he's all over the place on these arrests and his substance abuse.
You're absolutely right.
He's a lightweight.
Okay.
He's gotten to yell not based on merit, but based on affirmative action for legacies.
Because his daddy was prominent, that's how he got into years.
He can't be admitted.
The Kennedys is good enough for the Bushes.
He afforded military service to be a nun.
So that's that waiting list of thousands of names got into the Texas National Guard with Englough for a year.
Got set up in business by daddy and daddy's connection.
Yeah.
With a business failure, was drinking until age 40 until we found Jesus.
Right.
And then traded off a daddy's name and brought the Rurisha fell, Billy Cunningham and with just $600,000,
became the managing partner of the Texas Rangers.
And is that how to have a dad house?
The process stockholders liked him so much and thanked him for trading away Sammy Sosa.
They made his investment worth 14.9 million.
Exactly.
And because his last name was Bush, that's how he got the elected governor of Texas.
And his last name was Joseph.
So there's no way in how he would have gotten elected.
And was what Curtis Joseph?
Such a thing was that they both come governor where he destroyed the environment.
It's recent has the worst air pollution.
Yeah.
Small kids.
Okay. Keep going.
I've got to go.
And just keep talking.
You're right on it.
Well, he's right on it.
I said Curtis Joseph.
Well, I'll keep trying to keep it in.
I have to go.
I have to go.
I have to give up.
I'm going to give up.
I'm going to give up.
I'm going to give up.
I'm going to give up.
Subscribe to Joe Chaldemid.
.
Hoppy!
That shot!
SummerThank!
Here's a Zhu master here at the minedisk here,
it has just started going to get a good one.
You see when you're not playing that well at MS.
You do have to pay it you have to pay it through the flow you have to go pay it through your problems.
And after some big games I can't advise you giving out a shot.
I score in Maple Essex you win back here thanks 4pt 4th pra minister before this game
It won't you them too long.
Wouldn't it be ironic, you know, that's the cap's tomorrow, that's the role too.
Both the NNPM.
Wouldn't it be ironic if that's the straw that broke her back sends them on their way?
That would really be something, huh?
Here's a lady mobile in the hub sound. Hello.
Hello, I'm Lydia Harry.
Great.
I was just calling because when I heard that lady from the keys that said she was going to vote for last-nader.
And she couldn't tell me why.
Obviously.
That there is something going on as far as the nader camp and the grop camp that they're doing vote swapping.
Yes, that's a bunch.
It's not going to work and it's ridiculous.
It's not going to happen.
Well, a few people vote for Goura and that we're otherwise going to vote for NNPM.
Because they want the money for the NNPM.
First of all, the leader isn't getting 5%, he hasn't got any chance.
The latest poll nationwide he's got from, depending on which poll you look at, 2 to 3%.
He's not going to get 5%. It's not going to happen. He's not going to get the $12 million.
He's not going to pass gold. He's not going to get the 5%.
I just don't want any votes being taken away from Goura to go to NNPM.
Right.
Exactly.
So that's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
That's why I wanted to vote for that.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
It's still out in two minutes, you're on.
Is that tonight?
I think it's tonight and on the clock.
Cape it.
No, I'll be home.
I'll be home.
I'll be home.
There is a ton of PBS.
I believe.
I see it on the weekend.
I don't know. Maybe on that public access channel.
It's all over the place.
Bye-bye.
1757.
At least, you know, there's a Nazi with a sense of humor that John McLaughlin.
This is 560, QAM.
Port Radio 560.
WCWAM, Miami Port Lauderdale.
A measly broadcast group stage have WQAM.com on the world.
Want to do this for me?
Please, dear me.
I'm afraid.
When it comes to the magical musical story, Jeleph, nobody does it better than the legendary
Rift Raffi.
And now you can get all this passed on well over Rift Raffi O'Roma.
Chibi's got a little bit against.
A little party really needs to pop.
Remember every day to be sure and get away so you do not get anything for your class.
Oh no.
Of all the tune-filled tail sprinter, none cut to the bone like Rift Raffi.
And you'll get all this best in one album from Puggers.
And the tail is a little far from it.
Sometimes when you are with you, well you play a little game.
You're falling just by your band.
I got a pit for a Rift Raffi can shed bright line on you with the darkest of subjects.
Bouncy, bouncy, bouncy, bouncy, bouncy, bouncy, bouncy.
What's Bobby do with this, that?
Bobby, Bobby, and O' Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, and YCLMC, not man.
Get up your checkbook now.
And order Rift Raffi O'Roma today.
Give your children the gifts that you'll be paying for a lifetime.
The music of that G-Rift Raffi.
All gifts of each other.
All gifts of each other.
All gifts of each other.
The Rift Raffi is now.
And again, I didn't know what the rest was about.
I didn't know that the tail's nobody's there to accept.
This is MSNBC Wayne Floder, the Valor's Law and Miller.
The recollection of an aspect that he stated.
No.
He said no.
He said the word no.
Why ask him, well you ever left him after 1968?
He said no.
I said what about the film 1968?
At that point he said, well, wait a minute.
Let's talk about this.
At that point that's what turned you to say no.
He said the word no.
Oh, that's a fact.
I remember very well.
He also remember that the confession I had right after that was.
Because he wanted to just talk about something.
We now know what was about this or that.
You hear now that Karen is saying the governor was teaching.
The governor says he did not, in fact, say no.
Well, I remember exactly what happened and he just said the word no.
And the current also says that the governor and she,
a lot of the impression that I felt that something had happened.
And it's right.
They're right about that.
I was there.
That's what he said.
I said, I said.
How do you like that?
Thanks, Ira.
It's got a lot of things to do something out of it.
We'll ventilate them every time.
They're live.
They don't fly.
You're not the conservation of that we desire.
How do you like that?
Here we got to describe from the Palace morning news,
Wayne Slater, the reporter.
Yeah.
Had the interview with W and he said I asked him specifically.
If he was ever arrested after 1968 and he said no.
No.
And then he asked him about before 1968 and then that's when Karen,
he was at Bitch, the press abroad, the secretary stepped in.
Now what's this all about?
What's going on here?
Leave my W alone.
Okay, he's off his feet today.
Give him a quick drink and get him out of here.
How do you like that?
Where there's smoke?
There's fire.
Rhymes with fire.
Exactly.
Couldn't say better myself.
So what do we got over there?
You're going to eat it all.
Great.
Sandwiches in here.
I figured maybe Hank's guys might walk past something.
Yeah.
What about the big...
Oh, it's right there.
What did you come in here?
I'm quick, man.
You got it.
Boy.
That was one of the quickest ins and outs even Jeff Cohen couldn't match that.
Do you have a fork in there?
I have a fork and I'm all set.
I would pick me up good.
Nice one, Ira.
I'll take so long this time.
I'll look you ass again.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah?
Yes, sir.
I know.
Great.
Now that lunch is here, we're doing good.
I'm going to hold for me, then I can explain why.
Yeah.
That's it.
Here it is.
I'm going to hold for gold and bush at the same things now.
Maybe I will have a chance next election,
we'll have a real election.
Yeah.
Three people fighting for it, then we'll get a real result.
And then what?
And what are you going to do?
We'll build up the issues of the police state,
all kinds of issues.
I mean, bush should be the disaster.
Yeah.
But we'll fuck it for four years, and then we'll get a real election.
Okay.
So now we're going to have a deal.
So now would you admit you're going to help bush by voting for NATO?
You admit that.
Well, for the greater group, when we have NATO,
I would have a little bit more to come through better.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks for your budget logic.
See, well, that's two NATO people who have had the NATO,
both between the two of them, can get arrested in a country-weight rainbow
that DUI.
Hey, did not answer the question yesterday.
Now that we're fired, I do not have a perfect record as a youth.
So the suggestion by Karen Hughes is that he'd already answered that question,
sort of, in the affirmative in her opinion.
It's very, it's obviously...
It's very...
It's a tough question.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
It's getting real smart, man, huh?
And this story about not wanting to embarrass his daughters
or give them be a bad role model.
Is anybody with a brain-bying that?
Oh, no.
The cover-up, a part of a pattern of reckless, grotesque behavior,
until the age of 40, which, you know, whether you're...
whether you condemn it or not, whether you say it's ancient history,
that should be up to the American public to decide where the facts.
Not have somebody come out and say,
well, I'll tell you what I want to tell you,
you know, that piss off.
Which is basically what has been said all along,
and I will begin to understand why.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
You already talked about how bad both candidates are.
Yes, they are.
What's going to happen if we keep going like this?
Who are we going to get to run?
Elmer Fodd?
I mean, this is...
I get news for you.
Elmer Fodd speaks about his goodest race.
Well, you know, I can understand the partisanship,
and I can go both ways on it.
But it's kind of disgusting.
I mean, where we're going as a country?
Who's going to be able to run, you know?
Who's going to be next?
Well, unless we have campaigned financial reform,
nobody's going to be able to run except all these riches for a graph like George W.
And that's why I want to go all the way over now with Gordon.
At least you might have to with either the campaigned governor.
At least Gordon dedicated the passing of the campaign.
Are you there, sir?
Yes, I'm here to phone just quite.
Campaigned financial reform, which pushes again.
Okay.
But, you know, something...
I mean, I consider and say they had it for eight years,
and had a chance to bring it forward, and they have...
And they have.
They have.
And the Republicans have killed it every chance they've gotten.
They have had eight years, and they can't do it again to Republican Congress.
You know, you know, just...
I don't know if, you know...
I don't know if there'll be a backlash, but I tell you what,
when this news came out last night, I was just discussing,
I'm like, where are we going?
You know, what are we doing right now?
We're going to pass four people's life from 25 years ago,
and it doesn't matter who...
It was the algorithm, it's the same thing.
I don't want to hear about stuff from 25 years ago.
I know you think it's important,
if they didn't tell the truth, and I can understand that a little bit.
Sir, when a person is running based on morality and character,
it is important.
I don't know if I've only heard that, Neil.
I've heard about Social Security, and you've heard about all types.
That's the setup piece.
He talks about it nearly speed, he makes you discuss your statement in Michigan again,
about restoring morality back to America again.
Okay.
So, we're talking about morality 25 years ago.
Morality 25 years ago.
We're talking about what he's been doing and interviews up until last night,
consistently all along, and he's lying and covering up,
and we don't know how much else there is.
Well, you know, something that can go both ways.
I'm just discussing...
You know, as a person, and just...
Sir, it's a good discovery.
Being that can go both ways.
Yeah, it can go both ways.
I mean, you know, you can talk about what outboard.
Whether you're literally smoking off-back antenna, see what outboard.
He could...
He did.
He did.
And nobody cares about that.
Don't you see the difference?
Sir, I'm not going to have a stroke here trying to convince you,
because you're apoplectic, and you're making it a lot harder than it is.
Because you're one of those people.
Don't confuse me with the facts.
And you lay the facts out there.
Outgo is already admitted to that.
Nobody cares.
We finally grow up to that point.
We're not going to make a big deal to you.
And hail.
Nobody cares about that.
Bush, on the other hand, pretends to be Mr. Moral,
and by saying all this, of course,
is condemning all of the hanky, panky, and the penis skate
with Monica Lewinsky, all that stuff with Clinton.
And now comes to find out she's a freaking liar, too.
And like I said, if there was a lot more to it than justice,
and if there was cocaine, and if there was any truth to that story about the abortion,
which was illegal in 1970, was a felony,
if there's truth to that, then we have a right to know that, too.
And just whining about it and about how bad the choices are,
this is what's coming on, too, is this your, this is what you got.
I don't like it any more than you do, but this is what you got.
Take it or leave it.
Ten past noon at your friendly station WQAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Good Friday, you first good.
This Friday, you first good.
Thank you.
Don't know all the answers.
Don't worry.
Now there's the Robert DeHero Magiket Ball.
Just ask a question.
Take it.
Shake it and listen.
You talking about me?
This Tommy Jeff Lyson.
What are you worried about us?
I know it's a punk like that for 48 years old.
Get out of here.
Listen to the teacher.
You're not going to get a puppy for Christmas.
Yes.
Well, answer me, bitch.
You're going to take the dog for a warm every day, feed it, give it a bath,
clean up after him when he takes a dump on a carpet.
No.
Then I got just two words for you.
Shut up and forget about it.
Yeah.
Why do you have to do this?
Why not have all the answers?
Take it or I'll do you a little more than I do this time.
No, they're now at all.
Okay, okay, okay.
Katie Coyne and So is the Rustos.
So 14 at 5.60 WQN McGow, another 45 minutes out there at Bullseyeville,
on the the debut anniversary between Stirling and Refinals.
He calls back or maybe he's just dead.
He's mad about there.
They're doing fame without best of meal CDs,
because that's key chains and t-shirts.
All for a benefit of Planned Parenthood.
285 votes in our poll will George Bush's DUI West make any difference
in the two days election.
I mean, it's razor tight.
146 say,
no!
And 139 say,
no.
We're not asking who you're voting for.
We can't take that kind of a poll anyway,
because it gets all screwed up by the Bush people.
We're just asking what you think.
Is this going to make a difference?
Not on how you vote necessarily,
but in the outcome of the election.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Just for those two prior callers,
go both ways.
Where's our gore DUI?
Uh-huh.
And, you know, the caller before that.
You know, sometimes even a police take gets it right.
How?
They got George Bush off the road.
And he's just a walking contradiction with Neil,
and stuff like their stated message.
Yeah, let's just talk about the whole thing about compassionate
conservatives.
It's just a lie.
They take an assenting,
and they package it into more attractive setting and wrapping,
and now they're peddling it.
Some people are vying.
Look, there is his core message.
It's just trusting youth.
Trusting is what our social security, we trust you, we trust you.
In his youth, was he trustworthy?
And what a compromise.
And how come he doesn't trust women to make decisions about their own person lives?
And everybody else too?
Oh, yeah, getting government out of our lives.
Oh, yeah.
Right, exactly.
He trusts you except when it comes to making your own personal decisions.
Have a right to have time.
Thank you Neil.
Bye.
If I vote 40 or 50 times, please.
It's essential.
You can smell.
You can smell that scent.
Like an animal, like a deer getting panicky in the woods, you know?
You can smell the scent of panic in the bush can.
Can you smell it?
Yeah, Miguel has $180.
Pretty weak, that's what he said.
$180.
Every time these guys go out in the van, it's $1,000.
Almost always we do $1,000 in two hours.
$180.
I'm not going to say any more about that.
I just want to say this.
Next time our sales department decides to start dicking around with our fundraiser, I'm just not going to promote it on a year.
How's that?
That sounds reasonable to me.
Manipulating and using.
They've been doing it ever since I came to this radio station and there's un-freaking acceptable.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hey, Neil.
I'm sorry I need to switch tracks for a minute.
Oh, I think your judges have some election resources.
Yeah.
How many people in plantation acres are there?
I've been trying to find information.
The interesting thing is this weekend, like in the Sunday papers, that will have to run down on everybody's on the ballot.
I want to sample ballots.
I've got to sample ballot right here.
It says who's up for that.
Maybe it'll have some information about them.
Just pretty much a summary, nothing deep.
What they're record is in line.
Yeah, they'll be in there.
Okay.
Sunday, both papers.
Thanks for them.
Thank you very much.
Okay, good luck to them.
I just got to admit, I just haven't had the time to go in all of that.
Who the hell is?
I'm voting for Bill Nelson.
I'm voting for Al Gore.
Anything else on there?
I'll just go, but what can I write that?
Here's your field beach, huh?
Your field beach.
Oh, hello.
Since Sunday is your birthday.
Yes.
I'm calling today to wish you a happy birthday.
Well, thank you so much.
And all my nephews wish you the same.
Happy Grim.
And that's it.
Now, I go to the last week, absentee ballot.
Did you told us this the other day?
Yeah, but I guess it's the other day.
Our men will win.
Yes.
I'm telling you, you mock my words.
And if we lose, I hear that George W is buying three drinks for anybody.
Yeah.
You don't have to worry about it.
Okay.
Okay, I just want you to buy that.
What?
What are you looking at, Klee?
Nothing.
I said, I just want you to get a look on your post.
I like her.
And it's time.
We all like her.
That's the thanks for calling Lady.
We love her.
You know what she says?
They don't take any bulls**t on me.
That's what she says.
And how long has she been with you?
Oh, years.
Back to I.O.D.
Many, many years.
She's loyal.
And she's just a nice person.
She's not like a father, wishing me happy birthday.
She doesn't want to argue.
She went out and voted 30 or 40 times for girls.
And that's it.
And we're all set.
We're happy.
We're supposed to all these hostile, hysterical people.
You know, the ones who really bug me a bit like we got about three calls ago.
Ranting and raping and whining about, oh, what are we going to do?
We're going to hell in a hand basket.
What are we going to do?
And like, the sky is falling.
The sky is not falling.
It's not the end of the world.
And no matter who it is on Tuesday, it's not how it will survive.
We'll overcome it.
And life won't go on.
Look at that.
That's not another card, is it?
Yes, it is.
Yeah.
We're hoping to not.
We're going to open it up and see you.
Let you open it because it looks a little thick to me.
It might be something inside.
It might be from the Bush or campaign headquarters.
What does it say?
It says Uncle Neil have a wild and wonderful,
yeah, tick ass birthday.
All the best.
Sherry and Lon Jacobson.
Thanks for all the hours of fun, Whit and Wisdom.
PS, would you like us to frame Lou?
Sure, you would.
Toronto Prince.
What I like one.
Would you like them to frame your Toronto Prince?
No.
And they throw a business card in here from art and custom framing.
Thanks, Sherry and Lou.
No, no thanks, but thanks anyway.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Bill, yes sir.
What do you want to do?
Thank you.
Okay, Neil.
I'm so glad that the news got out of here today,
so we don't have to worry about them.
I'm having a portion of our current president again.
I like that.
It's your voice, that's good.
But I think that that's not a portion anyway.
I have about at least 25 desks in Miami that I'll be bowling on Tuesday for me to outdoor.
All right.
As we can send you actually a thanks about the yetbosha dream supreme court.
I don't know if you got that out of your time.
Yeah, that was great.
I tell you, you know, I'm glad that these men cut and you know what?
You do your dad.
I love you anyway.
Dale.
Okay.
I agree with you.
Thank you.
Oh boy.
I'm looking always be saying something about Mary Cohen.
You're gay.
Oh.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Wow, this is great.
Hmm?
This made our day.
This made it worth coming into there.
It's about to be in sick.
Hmm.
No bread.
Cold cuts, cheese, sliced cheese, tomatoes, onions, olives.
I would have never thought to get this.
No, because you want to beat all the bread or the sandwiches, which are great for you to have all of this without the sandwiches.
Better for you.
Rock the bread.
So thanks again Atlantic City Shubs and, like I said, dummy up.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, Daniel.
Yeah.
The study this morning after all this stuff came out on the today's show.
There was a commercial that came on up here right after that.
And it's the W saying, I shall not push all responsibility.
And that is the theme of this campaign, personal responsibility.
Right.
And lying and lying and then making an excuse.
I mean, that's the raymas excuse I ever heard in my life.
He didn't want his daughters to follow in his footsteps.
He didn't want them to know that.
I mean, look, there are plenty of things that people do much worse than a DUI and they don't hide it from their kid by.
I mean, our kid, the emotional cripples, because he did something 24 years ago.
They're going to start going out and dribble and driving.
That's pretty stupid to me.
Well, you know, it's in the genes because, you know, he was a donor.
But the thing is, the other thing is with this other thing about not a drop of alcohol since 36.
I mean, it's true on that GWVUS.com, they've got the video of him slamming down the bourbon from 92.
Do they really?
Yeah.
GWVUS.com?
Yeah.
It's for video and it's him and he's drunker than a skunk.
It's August 29, 1992.
Next break, I'm going to go to it.
I'm going to hop right on it.
It's a party.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
All right.
I can't wait to see that.
What do you got to say about that, W?
Oh, come on.
That's another lie.
Not cut up at all these lies.
And, of course, there would be significance.
It's not always another lie, but it would indicate that he hasn't kicked the bourbon's problem.
And he still has a substance problem.
And I think people have a way to know that.
Instead of all these generalities about, well, it could be this one.
But it isn't.
See, it's him.
It's him.
Scrape away the pep line and quit trying to protect him.
Just because he's done.
Sony Isle.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, what was the owner of the Texas team?
When was he the owner?
Yeah.
That's been 20 years ago.
I'd have to look it up.
There were less than 20 years, right?
Yeah.
Because he was drunk in there many times.
Really?
Yeah.
It's a commodity.
Hey, less government.
You know what that means?
Like people like fire stones going to be making more decisions in your life.
Right.
Right.
Right in the big world companies.
Yeah, the right.
The pharmaceutical companies and the National Life Association.
And the Philop Maureus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, the problem is the pissed off, the masses are happy and they're just sort of, they're upset.
They're not bad.
Okay.
It's right.
Things aren't bad.
So that's what just propuxes me.
I don't understand why anybody wants to change course.
Things aren't bad.
So, you know, Bob, I had a couple of blow jobs in there.
What's wrong with that?
Anybody that, you know, begrudges the president a few blow jobs here in there.
Mine you have bad business.
And who are married to Swallow?
The ice princess boy bike.
I mean, you probably get in some on the side too, when you're, you bet your sweet ass.
I think he's been a highly admired for that.
The ones that we ought to be pissed off about are these publishing or wiring hypocrites who wasted all your tax money
with this big massive investigation embarrassed in all over the world.
And two of men, every single world leader just couldn't believe they were laughing at us.
What a bunch of juvenile asses we are in this country making a big deal out of the president's tech redillos.
The Scraze.
I can't wait to hop on that website.
Thank God I invested.
It's really great.
I got the computer here that I bought.
Nice new facts machines, fast copy machine that I bought.
Great TV that Jeff Cohen gave to us.
Our satellite dish that was given to us by those satellite people, which I don't know at the moment, for whatever.
It's called dirty on studio, Neil, because the bees are a bunch of cheek pricks.
That's what it's called.
We did a pretty good job.
We did a little over three years now.
We'll put it together in real studio now.
It's that state of the art studio that Greg promised you, Neil.
Yeah.
I'll speak of that.
Do we get any cigars from Frank out there and say, I don't know.
I don't think so.
The days and the weeks and the months keep whirling by.
Yeah, something I don't think he sells anything because I don't have any spots from him on his show.
Other than this, we'll see him here.
I've heard it.
So that's probably how he's making money on the side.
It sounds stories like I had a mistake.
I'm a 441 out there by Chuck's.
He sold the title sponsorship to my show.
Frank, don't he?
Or no.
He's still an asshole.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm happy for everybody's still an asshole.
Now, I hope it wasn't something that you're supposed to be getting things from him.
Oh, no.
Good.
Because if it were, you'd never get him.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
There is the value of selling the parts that can't be sold.
See if that suddenly does end well.
I'm in the back, they help you through it!
They help you through it!
12.3560, oh look at that,
George W almost just fell off the...
What's he doing?
Getting off a plane or getting there,
going down the steps from a platform.
All it's just fell on his ass,
I'll let you go forward.
What if he's too ungrumbed too?
5.670560,
you think he drinks a lot of dark coke?
Huh?
Sure.
I know, I mean, the people that you
just have a booze problem,
most of them drink a lot of dark coke,
like by the gallon.
Gallon school.
Woodcat team.
Here's World Waterdale, hello.
Hey, you have to be late at first.
Thank you.
Yeah, why not?
You have to say my whole question to your FK.
What is it?
WF3N, Ricky Tiki station.
And how's it coming out?
I don't know.
I'm not gonna vote there, I'm gonna vote on yours.
Okay.
He probably gets a scoop from Brian Andrews.
Okay, thanks, whatever you said.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of town line is open.
They can't hear us out of West Coast.
It's a busy with that stupid stock market show.
Or here's Jonathan Alter.
Some voters, especially under fire voters,
take another look at George W. Bush
before they make that leap.
The challenger always has a higher burden, John,
in lose elections.
He has to essentially fire current management
that people take a little bit of a gamble on him
since he's the outside guy.
And at this point, it may have the effect
of getting people to say,
let's look a little deeper into this,
and I'm unanswered questions.
I'm gonna just read you something.
Because we are getting reaction
throughout the day to this story about
Governor George W. Bush's BY 24 years ago
in the state of Maine.
And this is the statement from Millie Webb.
She's the president of Mad,
mother's against strong thriving.
And she said, as Governor Bush's conviction
happened nearly 25 years ago,
we hope that experience had an impact on his life
and helped him to realize the devastation
that can result from getting behind the wheel
after drinking alcohol.
We recognize that people can change,
and we appreciate Governor Bush's support
of anti-drunk driving legislation in Texas.
And they also praise the vice president,
Gore, for his support of anti-drunk driving legislation.
And that sort of, yeah,
shooting right down the middle on this issue.
A big problem with that for Bush, John,
is I've got three calls on my voice mail today
from people pointing out that this incident
took place in 1976 when Bush was 30,
but he didn't quit drinking by his own account
until he was 40.
So that 10-year period there,
basically, the question,
when he was continuing to drink,
also continued to drink and drive.
And that's correct, really.
But did the behavior really change?
She said last night that he learned his lesson at the time.
I think it's an open question now,
since it was another 10 years of drinking,
whether he really did,
and we'll see whether he comes out
and answers some of these remaining questions.
Okay, thanks, Jonathan.
Although the MSNBC who worked at Great Peace
on theodore Newsweek this week,
I'm going with MSNBC from now on.
See you then, Sucks.
MSNBC, I mean, they're pulling
and the guests they have on it,
everything that they've got on there,
like NNU hosts,
other than that,
Dufor.
He's got an MSNBC in, is he?
On softball, I think he's on CMBC.
Softball.
Here's Miami, hello.
Yeah, I mean,
yes, sir.
Great show, happy birthday.
Thank you.
I got four quick points.
Okay, I was trying to open last night,
real late,
and they were having a catcher on peace band,
campaign rally on Orlando with the Chinese.
And I've never seen the Chinese
of the whole campaign that didn't, you know?
Anyway, Alan Simpson, I think that was his name.
The family were public concern there from around.
Right.
Yeah, okay. He was introducing
Tango Compassion J.
As the J.
could introduce change.
But anyway, Alan says,
they're staring at Richard's group
at the Washington and Joe Lieberman
is labeling it out.
Maybe for that little anti-fimic there.
He's labeling it out.
And maybe it's only chicken soup.
Listen, I just want to say,
what no one did at this,
is an election about going forward or going back.
Right.
Bush wants to pull back the social progress,
that women, blacks, Jews,
Latins, Gays, and other minorities
that made the past 30 years.
What's the pro-R2 side of NATO?
And through the Supreme Court,
see it with a kiss.
Right.
And make no mistake.
This is an election of hate.
And I appeal to your listeners to vote
for the United States and come and increase the place
where we really try to work together as a team
and treat everyone as equal.
Both I'll go.
Well said, thanks.
Thanks.
That's the best call we've had all year.
On this election, I'll take it out.
Short and sweet.
That's a difference.
And very, and not well described.
I mean, I realize a lot of stupid people out there.
So when you come up with these clichs,
you're a compassionate conservative of them
and all of a sudden a broke out.
You know, it's a better shield than they had
like four years and eight years ago.
But Papi Cannon was running around singing
virtual annual ballads.
And people said, we were a little bit too scared for me.
But anybody that really stops and looks at it
and sees where they're coming from
and who the people are behind them and around them,
you got a one.
You got a one like hell.
And now that we're starting to see that all this
book crap about how honorable he is
and bringing morality back and decent to you know,
book crap, book crap.
God, born with a goddamn silver spoon and his mouth
that thumbs you around and there is a block
and a scumbag till he's 40 years old
and I allegedly found Christ
and literally and drink it no more.
Which I still haven't checked that damn thing.
I'm going to forget a next break.
Here's Western.
Hello.
Western with a lady that turned way up.
Going once, going twice.
West, hello, can you hear me?
I hear you, yeah.
All right.
And this is two questions.
We're not about this campaign financial reform.
Yes.
Blame to me how you got a democratic president right now.
You got a Republican, well, you got a,
yeah, Republican majority Congress.
Mm hmm.
How is this going to be passed if Gorgas is a president?
And you got a favor of Republican Congress.
Well, you're not going to have the same Republican Congress.
The whole, the whole house is up for the election now.
There's a really good chance of Democratic
to go to the back to the house.
And there's a swing chance of going back to Senator
to there's a hell of a chance.
So he's based on past and is that he's going to get
the Congress in his favor.
That's the only way he's going to pass this.
Well, I mean, John McCain's not a Democrat.
Right.
So he's got to get, well, yes.
You got Russ Fine, Gorgas and John McCain,
one Democrat and one Republican.
Right.
You've got to go, so our number of Republicans
has been never going to get the pass.
So in other words, he's got to get a democratic Congress.
So I'll say it's not going to go in.
So on that, no, it will help without the answer.
Question about this.
Oh, I'll say this, not all Democrats
support campaign financial reform.
It's, yeah, I understand.
I got to get a political, they're
politics and all that.
That's correct.
Now, based on last night, I believe it or not,
I was going to say, so I'm voting for Bush.
You don't know what happened yesterday.
And expect, where do you find to actually lie
about the drug driving?
We just got you putting the thing on here.
If you wanted to go, you had to have heard it.
Well, I mean, I've watched over it last night.
Oh, wait, oh, that.
Where did he lie?
I mean, it's me.
He had no idea when they confronted him.
No, he did not.
No, he admitted it now because they got
to record from the police and made
from the police water and made.
And when did he deny a prior to that?
He denied it when it was interviewed in 1996
by Wayne Slater of the Dallas Morning News Day
as if he was ever arrested after 1968.
And he said, no.
Sure.
Oh, yeah, no, I didn't hear that.
I'm going to find an absorbed that.
I just put it on.
We just played it on here a little while ago.
Oh, he admitted that information until confronted.
He denied it until he was confronted.
That's the right one.
But Baba and Gore, they just
continued to deny when confronted about what?
Whatever you confront them.
Well, what was growing, could
you confront what's smoking marijuana he didn't deny?
What else?
Well, not the Buddhist temple.
I don't know what we're not.
We're not talking about Buddhist temple.
We're not talking about campus.
No, no, we're talking about a man who
says he's going to bring morality and decency back
to the White House, which is code for no hanky,
panky, and no personal immorality.
That's what he's talking about.
He's talking about monocleuruminsky and blow jobs.
And sure, if I have to draw your diagram of that,
I just don't have the time.
He's voting for a voice because of what happened last night.
Bottoms up now have one for us.
This pugs for you.
22 to 1 if I have 60 QAM.
This number is 560 QAM.
If it's free, it's me.
In theaters now, from the producer of Blair Witch 2,
it's the Blair's and Rich.
So if I scream your realm, it looks like a hellhole.
And somebody's times have I told you
to scream that six six off of your scalp.
What will your club and house?
Your tracking life.
And I just let you in the fiery depths of hell.
The Blair Witch.
She could be in the air.
Where is your good work, young man?
You're grounded.
No more damnation for you.
OK, so it needs to 1 if I have 60 WQM.
This is a website presentation list.
It's the beer hack, then.
Fun, Chaney.
OK, great.
This is the GWBush.com.
Let me just go back.
Because I got to, because this is so complicated,
I wonder how am I going to find the one with a picture
that he's talking about where he's slashed out of his mind?
This is one of the sites that they tried to kill.
The Bush people they tried to bury this one.
But it's still there, baby.
GWBush.com.
It's a beautiful thing.
My favorite thing is the one where his head is like
move it around, he's got the bottle of beer in his hand.
I bet you it's a bush.
Here's plantation, hello.
Hello, me.
How are you?
OK.
I just wanted to point out that whoever wins on Tuesday
is going to become commander in chief of the military.
And I think you're welcome for my time in the military
that you cannot get high enough security clearance
with a DUI or a failure to report one.
Really?
Now, that's my recollection.
It happened to me where you needed.
I needed an option.
I was starting to not pick it.
And I was forced to settle for a secret.
I wonder if the same thing will affect
like Bruce or Jane.
Do you know?
Good point.
All right, thank you.
Happy birthday.
And thanks very much.
Yeah, Jane's got two DUIs.
So between the two of them, they got three.
They got a tractor.
In fact, maybe they'll drive into a tree.
She wanted to think about the president and vice president.
They don't drive their own cars.
So that's good.
Keep them off the road.
Here's plantation, hello.
Yeah, and now?
Yes, sir.
I'm listening.
I'm going to make two points.
I could.
One.
Are you on speaker phone?
Yeah, it's a volume.
Oh, terrible.
OK.
How's that?
My turn.
OK, one.
I wanted to point out that during the offer
that the base, when they were grilling
gore about his role with the Buddhist sample of the book,
the bush was always taken the high road.
And God, people should be accountable for their reaction.
So they should be accountable for what they do.
And now something happens to him.
Here comes the check for him.
You know, and he's ready to pass it off.
And you have to want to take accountability for it.
And the second point I wanted to make
is that back when Clinton was putting in the legislation,
trying to improve the economy, bring us
out of the spending and the national deficit and so forth,
the Republican controlled Congress, saying,
we're not voting for this.
They even stood up.
I think I remember Gintrash standing up and saying,
we're not getting one Republican vote.
We don't want to take the blame for this.
And now that things are going good,
they're all trying to take the credit.
That's not the new English that was standing
that his wife's bedside once she was dying while he was
screwing around on the side.
They're very same one.
Trying to get a different sign to the worst papers.
They're very same one.
And I just think that, but, you know,
with all the high road, clay tactics,
you know, people should be accountable for their actions.
Well, here comes the check for what you did back then,
buddy. And it's time you paid for it.
Amen.
Thank you, now.
Well said, thank you.
Yeah, maybe somebody will call you,
whoever called me to tip me off on his website
and tell you where I'll find that.
Did they call?
No, but Eric, our guy is like,
I think I had trouble like we did.
Sounded and it's put away on our site.
The picture of him, you know,
drunk out of his mind, the whole video, yeah.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
All right.
Nice going, Eric, baby.
Woo, so I guess I can go back, huh?
I can go back home.
One moment, please.
Oh, God.
Greatest day of my life.
Not today that I bought this computer,
but today that we finally had to go through legal means
to force them to hook it up so that we could use it,
which may sound ridiculous to you,
but that's a true story.
That's the beastly F and away, baby.
That's the Bob Vermouth over there in the West Coast.
Real jackass.
Here's a mobile and fort water deal.
Hello.
Yes, they are.
When you said about going and doing also in the
obviously in table agreement,
will you go please don't forget a vain boom.
I raised all the money for it.
Just got done for an party for.
I have to tell you a great story about play saw.
I was at a meeting because I was alone with the lane
bloom and where, you know, originally, Eric said,
she, he broodered over 90% of the time with New Kingrich.
And the guy is stupid enough to stand up at this meeting
and say, you know, you ride again, Elaine.
I was able to 87.6% of the time.
With Elaine, we're with New Kingrich.
And you know, I didn't even know what to do.
I mean, you know, the man is a freeing on, you know,
kind of fact and by 10 terms, 20 years,
he's got such a naughty that it's time for him to move on.
So when you tell him, you know, people just
please add a name because it's the very close race
with seven feet from taking the United States out
to represent it is the weapon of its own.
Amen.
And I'm for all four.
Right.
Thanks.
OK, Elaine, forgot about it.
567.560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mother and a West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah, as I was waiting, I heard you talk about the website.
It was a video.
It actually shows the most posting couple or something.
Right.
I would prove you.
What about it?
But it looks like it.
Well, they're putting it on our website.
So I'll be by the ticket.
Look at it in a minute.
Who's that call?
I'm a firefighter up here in the Palm Beach County area.
And the state version of our union's
called the Florida Professional Firefighters
is the president's got a Bob Carver who's
like a sleazy piece of junk.
I don't know how you ever got in there.
But he and some of his crows up in the top house here
and have endorsed has come out and said
the professional firefighters indoors press.
And I don't know if any local and I know the international
is definitely as supporters of Gore.
Word through the, you know,
violence keep no secrets.
Where does this guy's been promised a Washington job
through Jeb Bush once that what once an IF mob
is better gets voted in?
So yeah, why do I let you listen to his know
that the vast, vast, vast majority of firefighters
support Gore and just because this professional
organization comes out and says that they're
embarrassing versus just political payout.
OK.
Thanks a lot.
Appreciate it.
Thanks.
OK.
Now with this, how long is it going
to be before that's on?
Because I'm celebrating informing it's a month for that.
I'm listening to a game,
we should instruction.
So in this next break, I'll come in there and we'll do it.
Oh, I got to go back to that.
I think a five step process.
OK.
I can step on it.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on a ATMP and Verizon Wireless
line.
The proudest thickening, baby.
On the top of the fold, Bush campaign
discloses old play.
And so raises some interesting strategic issues
for the Gore campaign as well as the Bush campaign.
Officially, the Gore campaign has been very clear.
No comment.
Their candidate will have no comment.
None of the officials of the campaign will have no comment.
Neither would any of the top officials from the Iowa campaign
have any comment for us.
And they think it's best just to step back and let the story
play out.
It's unpredictable to know how people will respond to this.
But Sheila Jackson Lee, who is often an outspoken congress
from Texas, did have this to say on MSNVP.
George Bush has tried to make character, credibility,
and leadership skills an issue of the day
as we go into the last days of the campaign.
Now there's a question whether or not
he can be a leader of this country, whether he has credibility
and whether he has character.
I'm Jim.
Give me the best, baby.
Here's a lady in Bokar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hi.
The autofower, you know, as a woman,
I am really, truly scared of the prospect of Bush being
on excess.
And I have a good reason.
OK.
And Bush is a man, obviously, and all these other men out here
who get out in these rallies and underclinics
and anti-abortionists and that are they
not ever have to worry about being in the position
and make a choice like that.
Right.
And what I have to say to Bush, and on his followers,
is keep your hands off my uterus.
Amen.
Thank you.
OK.
Get your hands on the ballot box.
That's why I keep your hands off her uterus exactly
correct, all these fetus squeezers.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Under why did come out right before the campaign,
clearly implicating that it was coming from the Democrats.
How do you respond to that?
Well, that's quite a spin that she's putting on.
But one really has to say why didn't George Bush
just own up to this in the beginning and say,
look, when I was young, I'm harking.
I drank a lot and I had a DUI on my record.
I just want to get it out there in the open right now.
Why didn't you do that earlier?
I mean, it was sort of why did they
try to cover it up for so long?
And just again, make you wonder, is there something else
that might come out after the election that we
still know about?
There you go.
That's what people are asking right now.
Is there something else like maybe that abortion, huh?
Which was a felony.
Let me say it again.
In Rovey, Wade, 1973, the alleged abortion
took place in 1970 when it was against the law.
It would have been a felony.
The abortion in which he allegedly
occurred to that rumor that Wild Story, which
may or may not be true.
Knocked the brought up and took her and drove her there.
And of course, the rich family paying for the abortion.
Lots more worry whether it's smoke, there's fire, which
sometimes is true, and sometimes it's not.
But in this case, you got to believe it.
Because here's the guy who admittedly was a sleaze bag
until he was 40 years old.
And who keeps dodging and being evasive and won't answer this
and won't answer that.
And nothing happened before such an such a day.
Sorry.
Anybody with a brain should be by on that.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Yes.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, FEMA is central, correct?
What is it?
FEMA, you know, federally emergency.
Well, you know how big is the police's rights government?
Well, you know, over the last 10 years in this country,
you know, we've had some pretty major natural disasters.
Yes.
So, you know, we've been lucky to have the letters nice right now
to talk to the storm winds on a bomb.
But I just like to remind people before they vote to you,
say, if they're going to vote for George Bush
for voting for less government, well, less government
would mean less up when the tornado starts touching down,
when the topical storms start blowing their roof
off their margins and generates the Republicans
that are always wanting something for free.
That's the only kind of blowing that they don't care about.
Thanks, Neil.
Hey, I have a great birthday.
It's Malcolm Bigwin.
OK, great.
OK, big fat one.
You call me a big fat one?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon Wireless Line.
Well, that'll be great over the weekend.
Everybody can take a look at that.
George, you'll be on a...
We're actually going to have that on the website.
20, he's working on it.
I'm squeezing my toes.
I'm so excited right now.
I might even squeeze something else.
I'm giddy with excitement.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
The easiest way for us to act.
We're going to call back this.
What the hell was that?
What was that?
Some of like somebody talking out of his rectum, man.
Someone here, one of those burhorns
in his rectum, Bushman.
255 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Don't you just hate people that use snappy,
openers for their show segments?
Like that?
One to two, wow.
Waitress, I'm going downtown.
Hey, you've been good.
Jesus, please, please, please, please.
Save the 50th panel.
Side of it.
He'll be about 1,000 on the heat.
No.
Should've sit inside and move.
Give me some extra ammo.
Find me.
And then we can eat.
Eat no business with some cheese.
That will be a good thing.
Let's stop it to our feet.
That's a skeptical agreement.
That even is a good thing.
So, people should be,
they say I need to eat.
It's no way.
Listen to what I say.
Forget about it.
You know how to die?
Yo.
While the cops are raided,
I will flip again.
And in contrast, I say,
it's pointless to wait.
And if you pal, I'm like 10-0-0.
I'm just been waiting.
You're very gone, sorry, is it?
It's too much raw.
I said, let's try and join the crime.
That's all I can do.
Now I love to fool the fool.
But I hope it won't kill me.
I'll be too far.
I'm too far.
I'll be too far.
I'll be too far.
Forget the Danny.
Why, let me tell you, man.
I was trying to frame the guy.
I had the real man.
I had the real man.
You see that?
I'm a rapper.
I'm a singer.
I could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
I'm a singer.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
The ass could get a hook.
Okay, I have a great day.
Of course, if you saw a video that we got on here at Fifth Flip this year, this was 1992.
Then that would make it the last 18 more years.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
Oh, sorry.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the 18T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I mean, if there's an alcoholic who's still drinking and lying to us about it, I mean,
I would think that even the most partisan of the partisan would have to like,
least two or three eyebrows about that.
Wouldn't you think?
I know a lot of them won't because they'll make all kinds of excuses for it.
Like the Kennedys did.
They're saying, I mean, the Kennedys are running now.
Most of my deadlines, that might check.
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
A couple of points I want you to make.
Number one, how many DYUS that you not told us about has he not admitted to?
Uh-huh.
And the other thing is he's been in government and the banking industry has been tired of life.
Anytime you're in these, you have to fill out applications that ask you whether or not you've ever been elected or convicted of a crime.
Uh-huh.
And obviously he's always written, no, because these are public records that anybody has access to.
And certainly they've been scrutinized and nobody's ever seen that he's been arrested or convicted of a crime.
Uh-huh.
I hope somebody now goes and takes a look at these documents because this guy lied.
There's no question that he was asked on some forum when he filled out to go into government office or when he went to get a loan for a bank or whatever loan he would have needed a loan for.
Uh-huh.
They would have asked him, have you ever been arrested or convicted of a crime?
Uh-huh.
Obviously we would have answered no, or we would know about it.
And obviously he's-
Well, I don't know if there's problems, say a crime, or if they say a felony, I don't know whether it says-
Normally what those say is they'll say, have you ever been arrested or convicted of a crime?
They know you'll say crime.
They don't normally say felony.
Uh-huh.
They may say misdemeanor, but you know, it is a misdemeanor and it's not just a traffic ticket.
It's a criminal offense.
Right.
You wise, a criminal offense, and he was convicted of it.
So I'm just hoping somebody's out there pulling those documents because there's no question that-
I think the fact that in just a short period of time they already got the reporter from the Dallas Morning News to come forward while Wayne Slater, who remembers very bitterly the interview in which he lied to him and said that he had no arrest prom after 1968.
I mean, that's just the beginning.
That happened in just a few hours.
Right. Well, that's the beginning, but that's just an interview.
That's not an official proceeding or an official crime.
So when they get in, I mean, they can see that there's some official documents that he signed off on and which he said is no, I've never been arrested or convicted of a crime.
And both of those are lies and I'm thrilled that it came out.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Okay. That's what they need.
What was that?
What was that?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you see that today, so the other day, which Marlott Thomas?
No, we had a couple calls on it though.
Yes, he was completely denounced in our husband Ralph Naker and Nettie.
She said that's fairly...
Sorry, it's still lost his mind, yeah.
You don't want the only thing that matters to me is I'm going to vote for the president that has the biggest penis.
Well, do you got more than you got him?
Okay.
Just take a look at that cover rolling stone, baby. You got it.
Take a look at it.
Wow. Man.
Too long, you're dangerous.
5'670560.560.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, this thing over here, I mean this...
This is too good to be true.
Change it as you go, get drunk.
So I pushed you into pieces of shit.
I pushed you into pieces of shit.
I pushed you into pieces of shit.
Yeah.
So I just pushed you into pieces of shit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I  ato.
How?
How?
What?
How?
How?
How?
How did I beat you to dad?
Fuck you.
I didn't bring it your high life.
Dont You You?
Get back to FYI.
How did you They all died anyway.
You at infinity at all lados.
Oh.
I threw off our otraayle.
Win dol ennem  a realised bitch that got scratched.
What's your team at 560 W3M Hank is coming up a two-hank with a Dave Wants that you'll
coach you want set at 5. Blue Shambi at 6 and Eddie K from the Naples Fort Myers
drug track at 10 o'clock tonight. Tonson is Brains up. Okay, Dave
this fact isn't says George W has been arrested three times one for a fight
of the football game two for sitting in reach from a hotel lobby and three for
B. Right? David as far as we know that's just the beginning like Chicago said
only the beginning. Here's Fort Myers. Hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I want to
respond to this subhuman piece of crap that called a while back about he's
going to change his boat to Bush. Yeah, because of the way he's trying to life
drunk. He likes that. Let me speak to him. Let me talk to this Jack S. Only
until you've been personally affected by a drunk driver. Can he know what it's
like 19 years ago I was hit by a drunk driver. I was with my best friend. Our car
rolled cartwheel end over end 12 to 14 times. Right? My friend was thrown to the
windshield. I suffered a fractured vertebra in my cervical neck and I had a
serious gash on my left wrist. This son of a bitch if you knew what a drunk
driver can do to you and how it's affected my life you might not be so
smart about what you said. You know this is not a youthful indiscretion. He was
almost 31 years old. Right. And this distance of an ad ad ad admits to
continuing the drink for about 10 years. Right. We're going to know about the
drunken driving part but at least of the drinking part. And he's going to turn
the tables on gore. Right? He's going to turn the tables on gore on this. I mean
this is a guy he tells his staff but he doesn't tell his own family. What
kind of that's not a man that's a most okay pal hang on there. Thanks. Your
time is at a twirl in this today. Al Gore in the home stretch. It says Marlowe
Thomas has the right idea and Arden Demacrets she went on a today show. Thursday
to reprimand her husband Filbani who for helping Ralph Nader spread the
spread the fallacious message that it makes no difference whether Al Gore George
W. Bush wins the presidency. Miss Thomas said an ad ad Merl example when she
said the refusal to recognize profound differences between the two candidates
may has made her come out fighting. For action on a single Gore supporters
everywhere to put on a burst of energy and not be intimidated by the triumphal
speed of the Bush campaign. Borrowing a page from Ronald Reagan's playbook
government of Bush is trying to act as if he has this thing in the bag. The
fact is this presidential election is up for grabs with four days left to
campaign. Vice President Gore is ahead gaining a highly competitive in the
swing states that will decide the outcome. The police can't measure another
advantage that Mr. Gore could enjoy in election day and that's the potential for a
heavier turnout by Democrats than Republicans. Two years ago, an unexpectedly
high vote among the probably traditional constituencies labor working women
minorities environmentalists have Democrats gained five seats in the house
much of the surprise of most pollsters and political experts. This year
turnout can tip the election key states of the Northeast Midwest and Pacific
Coast no matter how big the majority is that Mr. Bush racks up in the
Sun Belt and the Rockies. If Marlowe Thomas can give her husband a civics
whilst on national television, then surely the mainstream voters will have
a stake in a continued prosperity and fair tax and social policies can cast
a skeptical eye on the Bush spin. The Republican nominee wants to gall the
country into thinking the selection is over by taking a premature victory
lap or drink. But the Mr. Bush's hubris is real or fain. No one should be
fooled by it. The reality is that this race hasn't reached the finish line and
if Mr. Gore supporters will match their energy to his, he can cross it first.
There's the New York Times. The George Bush video is up on the
ranchers.com. I think I just scored.
And an accident in my pants. How do you like that? Let me think.
What do we got? Four hundred and four votes on our poll and the fact that it's
that high. I'm, you know, I'm dubious about how many of them are real. Well
towards WBC's DIY arithmetic any difference in the auction outcome on Tuesday.
Two hundred and eleven say yes. One hundred ninety three say no. And the fact
that it's even close should give pause to a lot of people out there who think
that folks are just going to say, wow, how's a long time ago? Okay, hold
page. Take a look at this. I may have another accident. This thing will hurry
up and there we go. One moment please. There it is. Eric, you're the best
lead. I have a bunch of food. Okay, hidden fat. Send them bunch of food. George W.
Bush Jr. starred in stars in whether this drunk or sober, you decide August
one in 1992. And there it is on neo-roger.com. You've got all weekend. You
and all your friends and everybody in the world can go to our website and take a
look at that and be sure to watch it all the way through right to the very end when
he, uh, bottoms up said when he chugs down the last part of that beverage that
was in that class. Whatever, I'm sure we just, uh, ginger ale. Here's Margate. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Happy birthday. Thank you. Hi, I'm a long time with
the real. I changed my jobs around elsewhere. I don't get the comments. I'm having a
chat something yesterday on the yet 10th, the 12th and the news. I'm not. I didn't
know it was a lot of pollution. Right? But the same big cards that he just came in
has nothing to with profit. Supposedly on pollution affecting up to 20
thousand of children still to a silver. Where it's learning disabilities, all kinds
of facts that they come up with on. And I think we're going to go down to. Anyway,
what the, uh, what the just the situation was that pollution is causing
how to learn disability problems among young children. And the strongest part of
it was at the end of the list where the pollution is coming from. This number two was
Texas. Yeah. And the best thing is, right after that, a flash that can't find that
through UW. And UWs, that is one of these negative letters tell you, well, which
polluted Tennessee. And there's a beautiful blue. Yeah. I mean, let's try a lot. Yeah,
well, all they have to do is look at the thing about Houston. There was a big
piece in the end of the time when he was with glass. We're going to show photographs
on a day when it made Los Angeles. It was about. It's a, it's a, it's a
polluted in Houston that they can't even let the kids out some days to go out in
gym class and play football or whatever because the pollution is so bad and the kids
are getting asthma from it. I know. This is the way it should be a land
for. Yeah, you're right. I mean, it's ridiculous. I'm just saying it's a
bit of a piece. Nobody ever listens. You know, the article you have there. That's been on
the web for months. I know. And we've been trying to get it through you. But that's
probably this is the most awful poll moment. I couldn't think of a better time.
Higning is good. Thanks a lot, Paul. I say, exactly vote about 80 times.
Just be sure. Okay. Listen to the motorsport chatter. How can we
didn't remind me about this? The nephew just came in and had me this and I said I
would be glad to plug it and the show too. Listen to the motorsport chatter day with
Joe Costa. The Mar morning from 6 to 7 a.m. for your chance to win a
little bit of three pair of waist tickets to the Penns or a 400 to homestead
Miami speedway. Remember, the compliments of this kind of other parts. See if you
were to mock me again about that, I would have done it, but we were busy doing this.
But there it is. That was my fun. Oh, this was a lot more fun and much more significant.
Oh, I got I got to watch that again just over and over again, especially that last two or four
seconds there when it grows like that. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, I am.
Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good. I may follow your since before George Bush
Central. Yeah. Since those days, but I have a little a little problem with the way you're
presenting things and I get why is that what does that mean? Well, I'm giving my opinions.
Is that bad? No, no, not at all. Not at all. And I'm very glad you do. As a matter of
fact, usually you're very fair. I'm withholding my vote this year. I just can't vote for
you. The one of them. I'll tell you why. Yeah. George Bush obviously has the record that
everybody knows about with, you know, with what on the taxes and the drinking and all that
stuff on the other hand. Not just the drinking. I mean, that's just the frosting on the
cake, his platform and what he stands for and what he has stood for. That's the biggest
part of it. The name I'm not voting so much for grow. I'm voting against Bush. I agree.
I'm voting against Jesse Helms. I'm voting against Ron Firman. I'm voting against Trent
Locke and Tom Delay. I'm voting against Pat Robertson. I'm voting against Aldi's
for missing a light wing lunatics. That's what he's all about. I agree with you on that
point. But the problem that I have with Gore is, you know, the man has also with plot
many times. He's aligned himself with, I believe it was Reverend Salts' what I'm hearing.
He is not aligned himself with Reverend Feth. That's ridiculous. But Feth, that's a lie.
I didn't make that up on telling you what I heard. What you heard, you heard it through
the grapevine? What does that mean? What you heard? I heard it on Feth. So I'm going to tell
you right now when it comes to gay rights, Al Gore is, I was good. He was the best president
for gay rights in the history of this country. Al Gore is a hundred yards ahead of him.
You made me write like that. No, no, it's not that I made me write. I could have told you
that six months ago. I could have told you that two years ago. Okay. So the idea that he was
in any way connected with that obnoxious spread of self from Canvas, the ultimate homophobic
of the world. Is somebody who ever told you that was feeding a craft? Well, like I said,
it makes my blood world a hear something that ridiculous. Well, you know, like I said,
I'd rather take you a word than where I heard it from. I know it for a fact. All right,
but on the other hand, I mean, Al Gore, if you know, was also a drug user. And by the way,
what do you mean a drug user? He smoked marijuana. So what about it? And he didn't lie about it.
Nothing. So why would you let me know? But I'm saying he also did these things. He also is a man
that. What do you mean he did these things? Are you comparing somebody smoking a little bit of marijuana?
Well, however much he smoked with somebody who was a drug addict and a drug? No. Are you really
that naive that there's a comparison between somebody who smokes pot and somebody who's addicted to
cocaine or booze? No, no, not at all. So the right of you say he could do things. Well,
I mean, you know, with no, he's not he if what you're saying is he's not perfect. That's correct.
And I don't know anybody who is. No, but when we're talking about a package of a candidate,
for example, Al Gore is talking about cutting taxes for the middle income man. At the same time,
the man has voted to increase taxes three times, including senior citizens. Yeah. I mean, he's
saying one thing he's doing something else, which is what push does. So how can you vote for either
one of these guys? You have to vote for him based on number one. Who you want to keep out,
which is Bush and number two based on what their platform is now. Not what it was 10 years ago.
It's 20 years ago. Well, you know, like I said, they both have an awful lot of skeletons and I
find that you're you're wimpy attitude toward it is shocking to me because anybody who values
rights and they bring up Fred Phelps and the midst of this. I mean, you know, if you if you are
on a city, the anti woman anti gay anti minority Republicans take over the White House,
the more powerful than sit on your ass through it and then they'll be surprised and they'll play
most shame on you. God.
Here's a great fact. A great fact about Ken Starry, New King, which in Trent Lawton, Henry Hyde,
in Bill McCollum, in Bob Bar and G Gordon Litty and Lord Asselam Bar and Matt Dredge and Bob Novak
and on and on it goes. Nice going to whoever that was. I mean, that great fact.
See guys like this, I mean, he wasted a lot of my time and I'm listening to him and he's in
title of his opinion, but he's he's going to do nothing, which I admitted weeks ago I was out of
felt the same way. I was good about their voting. I'm voting very enthusiastically against George
W. Bush on Tuesday, extremely enthusiastically. I'm voting very, very firmly against Clay Shaw and
Bill McCollum on Tuesday. Got it? If you're looking for the great candidate anymore, there are few
and far between. 26th after 1 at 560 WQAM. What's the succession with Hockey?
Goodbye, Brian Murray. You killed the team and you wouldn't know good how he is. It's
you on the ass for a coach you are stupid. Bill McCollum must be nuts.
You keep you on it. You couldn't manage your check for never mind this being that at one time
had all the rights. No. And it's not to make for us to sell us
race when you're the one's best race and when you leave they'll forget Christmas your hockey
queen. You talk like you would do Santa and stuff this way.
But you can't point the big dumb anymore. You can't get too scared.
You can't get better. You don't know shit about running on our TK and you're not interested
in me. Why? What's the matter? How you try? You can't deny that you made the
toughest just because you make a lousy coach and that's a matter of turn really.
Oh, yeah. And it's actually too late for us to sell our race when there's also one
best race and when you leave they'll forget Christmas your hockey queen.
You talk like you would do Santa and stuff this way. You can't point the big dumb anymore.
And try and let him make it.
Hey Brian.
Yeah. Yeah. The amazing part of this handcloth me the morning which we weren't sure was really from him
but it was signed the hump arrest so I should know what it was. But apologizing for it.
They said don't worry too much for my interview with them. They didn't call him. He called them yesterday because the
colors were ripping him and I asked was Hank you know we're talking about how bad the team was.
And of course now the organization the guys have got the flu and this and that and the moon is in
Uranus and it's the wrong astrological sign. All these other excuses.
So you can really see people who desperately scramble to say they're ass now because come on.
I think of this team loses to the Washington caps tomorrow night right here in the macawin and I will be there with bells on.
That could be the night for the Murray boys on the same bus.
Pack him a salami. Say we still got a few sandwiches left over here. Let's say the couple.
Let's be pretty right by after the game tomorrow night.
Okay. Where we go. And also when you check on your Rogers dot com.
What under George W. Bush Jr. Stars and wedded this.
You'll see a picture of the cover of the nation magazine that's got George W.
With the ears of the Alfredi Newman Alfredi Newman Bush.
And George W. Bush Jr. Skeleton closet which has got all that stuff that I was reading from before.
Great job Eric. It's all on there. All that good stuff.
Excellent. Give me some real good reading over the weekend.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Happy birthday.
Mariko. Happy birthday.
Mariko. Happy birthday.
Bo-ra-home. Happy birthday.
You big. Mariko.
Oh, okay. Thank you. He stepped on.
Step on that. Nice.
Very nice. Nice. Virgin.
5 6705 60 pound. 5 60 on the 18 and T.
He loves me. Don't you understand?
That's for you sweetheart. See you tonight.
Okay. Where we going? Here's a mighty beach. Hello.
That's a kid with a lot of kids. That was beautiful.
It's a delicious. That is a little bit.
You're looking good. I give you a report of the radio,
Mambini and the other Cuban Association of Hamlin the news.
Oh, okay.
The situation be talking about George daughter drinking beer when he was when she was a minor.
Oh my God.
And yesterday you said that the people, their colors were so bad that you may,
you may wish at the end. You are going to have a lian.
The bridge eight of Cuban going out to the old day with T shirt with a face of a lian.
And a and what's a remember a lian they're going to be in all of the.
All right.
We've got to be in the boring place also and this is very serious.
It's director of ready Mambini made up and a tutorial saying that the only way
the Cuban themselves, Lola, they can recover their power in the White House is
boring for Bush. That is good enough.
We soon know that in the fence to go against.
That's right.
And also there is a big room that last set of bone salas has been offered a job
as a driver in the White House.
If Bush gets away.
Yes.
All right.
And I hear a Chinese writing shotgun.
Well, maybe he's brother.
Dolphine would get a job for change.
Yeah, Dolphine. He bought the house. Did you see that?
Yeah.
I think he's going to make a new feel of all the mission.
I think he's going to open up a big scam.
$80,000 box.
Do you need it?
Okay.
Ask the kid.
I have a good one.
Thank you.
Oh my God. How do you like that?
Can you see that?
Lazaro and the George W and the chain.
You all fighting over the wheel.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60.
On the AT&T and Verizon.
I will find out.
Forget listening to Motorsports Saturday.
I'll just keep reading it over again.
It's 2 o'clock to make up a lost time.
For your chance to win a Model 3 pairs for race tickets to the Penzole 400
at Homestead Mining Speedway November 12th compliments of discount auto parts.
That's parts.
That's the best.
I'm not sure which one I like better.
They're right under each other on the left side.
That one of the pictures with that glass.
I don't think most of us like gingerware.
Here's a mobile and peppered pine.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
You know what?
You keep talking about all these sonatics, the right winners, the Jesse Homes.
I couldn't agree more.
Except you leave out the most fanatical revolve.
And who's that?
And that's you, Lieberman.
I mean, this guy is the biggest fanatic.
I haven't left it well.
I've been living in the past for weeks.
I don't know why you say I leave him out.
But he is the most fanatical revolve.
Yeah.
Well, and he's not running for president.
But he's a hard beat away.
Yeah.
He's different.
You talk about that.
I got news.
Why are you using a handkerchief?
The way they're raping liberal compared to Dick Cheney.
So if you want to compare vice president, you've got no code, no case.
No case.
Take a look at Dick Cheney's anti-human voting record.
Well, just pick up that book.
It's our children learning it.
I'm Paul Begalla.
And we read about Dick Cheney's wonderful voting record in the house,
when he was the fastest number one.
He makes do Lieberman seem like Ted Kennedy, okay?
At a party.
In fact, that would be good.
Let's get Ted Kennedy in there too.
We got Lanzarog and Zalas Ted Kennedy, George W.
And Dick Cheney.
They're all in the car together.
Let's talk to him over the wheel.
And I wonder if Mary Jo's body is feeling the trunnel.
22-4-2 at 5-60 WQF.
Only in the Banana Republic, Betty.
Only in Miami.
And you got your official Dennis Null Monday night football dictionary.
Bill Cown needs to make that change a quarter back.
And Cordell will just have to act like yes.
I'd be like the Meredith.
Some jerks scenes regarding the contrary of one pension.
And feeling with the lamentable divulgence.
But that in your sacrificial bond fire and smoke.
If you had a Dennis Null dictionary, you'd understand what he said.
And you'd comprehend free and post-manicine references
that could serve it during the telecare.
Gerald Davis looks more confused in Katherine Domenici trying to translate
a Nostradamus quater.
Did you try?
Since you've seen a Dennis Null dictionary,
I've come to appreciate the intricacies of the game.
In fact, it's changed my whole life.
Honey, this evening repast is in a state of consumable readiness.
What are you talking about?
Stop it, Betty.
And I'm not going to put up with any of your arguments
and add hominem tonight's chalk, chalk, chalk.
I can't understand. It's fingers-sakes.
You are a raptorist streeton.
I'm calling my chain dance in the morning.
I can no longer quarter in this litinage.
It's down the sky.
Yeah, baby.
Who are you?
It looks like she's up for free agency.
And Bob here is going to be traded if he doesn't get himself
a Dennis Null dictionary.
Don't let this happen to you.
Go on out and get your edition of the Dennis Null dictionary.
It's just what sense of fairs in and out so much
it looks like the third act of Hamlet with children's turn
and those who transport seating for the crown of long-telkins.
What am I again?
Even this hole.
Exactly.
16-0-2-5-60-WHM.
And here's a great fact, dollar and homestead.
This is outstanding.
It says, here's a question for your listeners.
Why do Republicans accept that George W. Lye to protect his family
will continue to cast a case for Lye to protect his family
from his indiscretion?
That will standard.
Republicans can lie to protect their families,
but Democrats had better not.
Nice going, Della.
Excellent.
What on target, sweetheart?
The old hypocritical oath.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello?
Dale?
Yes, sir.
All right.
I'm not interested as swayed by the value of a so fitriolic
against Gore.
And I know to whom I would prefer it.
Yes, that's a question, isn't it?
And I hear that you're going to be voting for Gore as I am.
Yes, sir?
But do you feel under opinion that it hurts to pick it
by referring to Liebemann as you do?
No, I do not.
No, I do not.
Because at least I had the intellectual honesty
not to sit here and be a show.
I don't like the man.
I don't like the way he presents himself.
I don't like what he stands for.
He makes my stomach turn.
So I'm not a city who would be a show.
Better be a theater along with Gore.
People don't vote for the vice president.
Believe me when I tell you that.
Nobody's voting for Dick Cheney.
And although in this case, unfortunately,
there is, you know there are a lot of people who will vote
because Liebemann's down the ticket.
So I'm not going to hurt anybody.
Well, you're bad with my question,
because we were discussing it last night
and my apartment was about the people.
And at first I thought I had misheard you,
but then I heard it comes to pass.
No, I call him Julio Grim and because he was
his fanatical Judaism on a sleeve and I was at that.
I listened both early and often.
I want to thank you very much.
I'm selling a word.
Okay, was your birthday?
Sunday, yeah.
It's coming Sunday.
Yes, sir.
I'll go back.
Thank you.
Okay.
Zag is it over now?
Well, this thing is going,
but it is you on a pool.
If that thing will ever stop over 500 votes,
I don't really know how many of them are we on now.
We never know anymore.
530.
And it's possible because you're just something
that everybody in America all over the world is talking about.
Even on the North Pole, we're talking about the penguins
and the Eskimos and Alaska and the Eccalaweuts.
Well, George W. Bush's DUI West
make any difference in the election outcome.
295 say, yes!
235 say, no.
How do you like that?
And like I said before, the fact that there are people out there
who indicate that it's going to make a difference should cause.
Should there, you know, give us some people a little something to think about
over the weekend.
You've got three days.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I just called you the wisher.
Very happy birthday.
Thank you.
And I got a truck.
I didn't see all day long and drive around.
And I do the year appointment.
I'm two days going out with about 30,000 for this door.
George Bush is really an idiot.
Okay, nice girl.
I'll see you there.
And get all your buddies to do it too.
And vote as well.
5670565.
Don't forget Neilwadges.com.
You can vote in that poll and you can also take a look at some beautiful stuff.
Oh, man.
It's mind-boggling.
Shocking.
Here's cross-brings.
Hello?
Excuse me, sir.
Where's my phone?
Excuse me, sir.
Where's my phone?
Excuse me, sir.
Where's my phone?
Excuse me, sir.
We had to put her down to the emergency room.
Excuse me.
I don't know what it was.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Okay, we've had a good time.
5.6705.50.50.50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That's cross-brings, what do you want?
Here's Pompato B.
Yeah, that was definitely not called real.
Yeah, that was quite good.
We all clicked.
I'd like to read something out in the Miami-Hole.
Yes, sir.
Bill Clinton took his most active role in the presidential campaign that they've been
Kentucky and California Thursday and pronouncing Al Gore the next best thing to electing Clinton
himself to the fair.
Yeah, that's right.
Also, one other thing.
One of the five fire's Terry Murray.
Yeah.
I was wondering if Coach Knight might take over and go out on the hockey.
Okay, great.
Oh.
Woo!
I'm sorry, man.
You may think that this was just some small incident.
But this was no small incident.
This was like a massive brain fart that happened here in the last 24 hours.
People are falling apart.
The scenes.
This guy doesn't know his ice from his elbow.
He's so all been out of shape from it.
I hear that the bringing John S. Knight back, not Bobby, but John S. Knight.
He's going to be the headhunt show.
He's going to move many shape.
He's going to bring his ass back.
If he's even a dead man, can't do worse than the Murray boys.
So B.M. and T.M. didn't really live with him.
Even call him the show's night.
Or if they didn't call the show.
No, that's because I know who the hell these guys are.
I know Ivan Nova Selkzer from Alka Selkzer, okay?
So they call him the Humpers, they're trying to make him look like a monkey.
Which he didn't believe me.
He can handle his own.
The Humpers.
They're not calling any world over his eye.
They don't have that much world in the world.
That was for me.
Not going to fool him.
24, 2, 5, 60 WQM.
What's been a momentous day?
And they're just, I can't even put it in the words.
Don't forget Joe Constell, I hear an applause.
Well, I mean, let's not overdo it, okay?
And how many people will participate the clock on a Saturday morning?
11.
Now, you have, you have some numbers in there, aren't you?
Did you get the hour by hour from the book?
That, yeah.
On Saturday?
Oh, I don't want to see it.
Why?
Because we got the hour by hour for a midday over here.
George, are you pretty excited about this?
Let's see, 9 o'clock, they got a 4, 8, 10 o'clock.
We had an 8, 5 followed by an 8, 4, 7, 7, and an 8, 2.
Thanks, though.
It's off of the 6, 1, 5, 8, 5, 7, and a 6 point.
And then at 6 o'clock, drops off to a 3, 7.
Almost half-hanks audience disappears at 6.
Of course, 6 is not a good bet.
See, and I remember the days when, hey, remember your hand keys, do a 3 to 7?
When I came over here, he was not that crazy about doing 2 to 6 instead.
I hope by now he understands.
First of all, he gets out of here soon, that's number 1.
And number 2, the 67 hours of bed hour.
Because this is not like a major market where they have to drive hour.
The drive time's done pretty much by 6 here.
So, 6 to 7 is always a real happy hour.
So, there you go, hopper.
The matter of a primary says, it's Friday, you first.
Every time I have the best job,
I can't control it, there's not much to enjoy.
While that's okay, body is free.
Inside is the company's health, please make.
There is a top to judge.
That's why it's all always for a deep, absolute nature.
He's a top judge.
He's all the things he's doing terrible for a perfect life.
He was born in too much, but he's so kind and dumb.
In thousand years, he would do a lot of best.
Why is that?
He's a top judge.
He's a top judge.
He's a top judge.
That's the reason.
He's all too well-easy.
He has a major top judge.
I bought my ticket and I'm holding my tight-boiled driver.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I don't know how it should just be.
