He'll Roger show on blind 60 QAF.
They're talking to you on blind 60,
but both blind 60,
both bring in the even greater order.
Now, blind 60 on yourself off.
The opinions of the field is against the color.
You're not necessarily represent those
of the recently blocked experts.
It's that advertising your agency.
Now, here's the field Roger on blind 60 QAF.
If I go, you're good.
If you go, if you go, if you go, if you go,
anything Governor Bush?
I suppose.
Are you, did you, have you formed any guiding principles
for exercises that come on this town?
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe,
maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe.
So, you don't believe,
that's whether it's a grower that,
you should take sides and resolve this right.
People pushing, hey,
the United States should declare itself
and not be so literal.
You're gest
the federal law banning racial profiling by police and other authorities at all levels
of government.
Governor, both Senator Lee and Secretary Cheney said they were sympathetically rethinking
their views on same-sex relationships.
What's your position?
I don't know if I like cross-springs or dislike cross-springs.
Have you ever spent any time in cross-springs?
I've been driving through cross-springs and impressed by the fact that there are actually
some young people there, which is always a good sign, of course most of them are gang members
or murderers, but they are not perfect.
It's just far, it's just distant.
Far, people who move to Bokka, fly.
Yeah, plastic and spastic and the church was there, so I don't like it that much.
But anyway, Tony, he runs your mega-ice and I got my new glasses.
These real ultra-light effects.
You didn't even see a head glasses on or so light.
They're so tiny.
They're really fed away.
They're rimmers.
No, they're rimless.
Yeah, rimmers almost.
They had these titanium frames.
The lights say the whole thing was about two and a half ounces maybe.
Light as a feather.
See as clear as the bell I can see from here to Mount Rushmore.
Nice going Tony, you're the best baby.
He said, don't say anything on here unless it's good.
That's what he said.
He said, if you have any problem, call me.
Don't put it on here.
He said, blame rimmers.
I said, that's not good.
This is a shocking certificate.
That should surprise nobody.
I also should surprise George P. Bush.
Good nephew.
No, not on nephew here, but Bush nephew.
Jebs kid.
The one that used to look really good to him about a week ago.
Who is under here, not proficating about the great contribution.
What was it, what do you say?
How many pronounce it?
I guess that was a contribution.
What was it for what I think?
No.
But anyway, he must pronounce it.
Everyone's in the family.
Of the young people who are going to have a record breaking turn out by the young people who are so young.
Well, then rather reported last night, when Danny Boyce speaks, we believe it.
At least I do, anyway.
Then rather we never tell why, unless it's about a sex life.
But anyway, see the SNMTV, who looked up for a pool, everybody in their brother was taking a pool.
Some people are hopping on it.
And they should really give you pause, as they say.
18 to 24-year-olds were the group that they pulled.
75% of 18 to 24-year-olds could name both candidates for president.
Oh!
30% could name both vice presidential candidates.
Oh!
Can I put that verse to simply?
Yeah!
Yeah.
Put it another way, 25% or a quarter of 18 to 24-year-olds in America in the U.S. of A.
I realize they're tough names, like one of them, the vice president for eight years, and the other one Bush.
I mean, what do you think that most 18 to 24-year-olds are thinking about Bush like a lot of time?
Huh?
You know what I think so?
Tough name, Bush and Gore, vice president.
25% couldn't name both.
And 70% couldn't name their vice presidential candidates.
Both of them.
I mean, some might have known Jewelieberman, and some might have known Chamey, but I doubt it.
How do you like that?
Is that the stability of anybody out there?
No.
I didn't think so.
The service of the craft ought to make, because it shows you how many morons we got.
It shows you what a great job we're doing of educating, and like I told you several days ago,
neither Gore nor Bush gives a flying craft about educating anybody.
I mean, it's all a great campaign rhetoric, but nobody wants, because once they educate the public, especially the minorities,
then you become dangerous.
It's much better to have a bunch of morons out there.
Just take a look at what's happening now.
And it's been going to dangerous, according to the latest CNN tracking poll yesterday.
All you Bush people stop getting all panicky.
He's 10 points over ahead.
I believe CNN, do we believe it?
No.
I mean, their polling is as spastic as the day is long as the expressions on Woody Shaw's face.
Just out of nowhere, all of a sudden after that toured debate, he's 10 points up.
Because maybe they like him.
And then I got these facts. It's amazing to me.
You know, you Bush people, look, like I said before, if you're going to, if you like him, if you want to vote for him, fine.
I have a very strong difference in opinion, which I'm going to express.
It's amazing how their hero, fat ass windball, we can go on there and spot his right wing hysteria 24 hours a day.
No problem. He's great.
You know, the spokesman, what did I tell you all that other crappies that like?
About the Clinton's murdering Vince Foster and all the other 400 people in murder, all this hysterical paranoia that he just makes up and he goes along.
But if I had, or anybody has the audacity to be on the air and be opposed to the right wing agenda, then all these hysterical facts start coming in here.
Like Jerry over in North Fort Myers, who's writing me this orange scab and crap about Molly Ivans and Tyler Gala and blah, blah, blah.
You know, something, so you can attack the messenger all you want, but you can't attack the facts that they're presenting, especially the Paul Begalle book, because it's our document, it's our footnoted.
You know, the footnoted Jerry, oh, maybe look it up in the dictionary if you got one, have somebody read it to you.
Then there's another hysterical from another right wing paranoid named Don Cosby in Fort Lauderdale, who says, well, I'll be shocked if I ever hear these words on the air.
You know, something Don, I would read your wrong boring facts on the air, but it's so paranoid that you'd be, I would embarrass you.
About the conspiracy about Bill's deal with Hillary and the reason that you look the other way with Monica thing is because he promised a chance at a seat in the Senate.
And he says, you seem to have a hard time understanding how anyone could not admire your hero, Bill Clinton.
Now I don't have a hard time because you know, people have a different opinion. I happen to like him.
And we took the purly of the day just to see, and he won't hand sound overwhelmingly. He had more votes than Bush and Grol put together before the conspiratorialist got on air and started loading up the pearl.
And I'm going to tell you right now, and I hope I'm wrong, Don. But I think that after the next four years, people are going to look back and say, you know, something we wish bubble would come back again. Let's give another shot.
You ever clear, but of course, in reading your hysterical or other about the hate, he hates this one and he hates that one and he hates Hillary and he hates Grol.
Also, wake up on Fort Lauderdale five times. We might get, go get some Bush. And I think you did hear some of it on the air. How do you like that? Don.
I'm in the threat to 10 at five sixty WQM also affects from whatever, who name was some of Jewish lady who's wishful thinking about the Jew Libremen has great influence on the Cubans down here in South Probe.
Oh man, wait a minute. I guess you didn't see the poll in the Hildes morning.
This was from the federal military for that. The express written commission of W2LM, D.C. Vatskuk, incorporated.
Will you flush back it?
No, from Washington, the McLaughlin group featuring Eleanor Eclipse, Jack Jamon, and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Cheeky Barber.
No, here's John McLaughlin.
If you want George W. Rings of Walt, Eleanor Eclipse.
Well, John, I want to say.
Wrong! Jack Jamon! Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong! Cheeky Barber! I'm going to have to say to Walt, wrong! Actual answer, law exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue! Al Gore, favorite Broadway show, bringing the noise, bringing the funk off cats, Eleanor Giant Cheeky Smoller.
Well, John, I want to say.
Wrong! Jackie, Jackie, Benjamin Jamon.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong! Cheeky Barber! I'm going to have to say, wrong.
Not a choice, really, Cheeky Barber.
You gave it as a last time I wasn't a choice.
Wrong! Correct response, cats, he loves them.
Next issue! The cast of Big Brother should be murdered.
How? Eleanor!
You would see!
Wrong! Jack Jamon!
Dynamite!
Wrong! Cheeky Barber!
I don't think they should be.
Wrong! Actual answer, poison pudding!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye! 10, 15, and 5, 60, WQM.
Here's another in-sip and facts from Sean in the Pomp of the Beach.
He's obviously got some serious problems.
He's the one who was asking the question about that ridiculous Hogi com Michael Song couple of days ago.
Here's today's facts from Sean who ever at least is going to be sending us another idiotic facts every day.
It says, Nio, do you know what the secret to happiness is?
Thanks, Sean in Pomp of the Beach.
Sean, the secret to happiness is coming in and not getting a facts from you.
That makes my hair day just keep it in mind.
Very simple.
See how easy it is to be happy, Sean?
You got it?
Oh, good.
FIU poll shows exiles losing hope for Cuba.
This is in the hell this morning.
And evidently, the woman, not sure I said before, and who sent me that desperate wishful thinking about you, the woman's going to get a whole bunch of Cubans voting for God-gore, really into it right.
Here's the poll breakdown.
This is the FIU's Cuba 2000 poll, measuring the attitudes of local Cuban American people, the need by US Cuba policy and the citizens so on.
That's also that I don't really care about.
It's got alien stuff and all this other thing.
You think there are going to be major political changes in Cuba and the audio area.
But the last one, who are you voting for in November presidential elections?
It's got the local Cuban community, local non-cubans and the national.
And of course, being the hero, what is national and what the whole article will try to understand what that means, national, is that being national, everybody that they purve and I don't know.
We're just Cubans national.
We don't know.
Anyway, who would you vote for in November presidential elections?
This is local Cuban people.
Verse 64, go for 15%, undecided 15%, others won and don't know no response.
5, Cinco.
Or is that the ACS?
And then in local non-cuban, verse 21, go for 49, undecided 20%, other 2%, don't know no response.
8, that's the ACS.
And then nationally, and I have no idea where this bill came from, go for 36, bush 28, undecided 30, but the numbers don't mean anything because it doesn't say who was purve nationally.
So it's rather meaningless as most stuff in the world.
Now there will hold much of a cause on there, be fruitful for about 2 seconds.
What were those people wanting?
What's that was out on?
Why can't I get the CD this year?
What bits are on it?
What kind of bits are on it?
What are going to specs, okay?
What are the specs this weekend?
That's what I'm just looking at back of the CD or the cassette and I'll have the names of all the bits that are on it.
It's great, go there and get it.
Quit crappin' around.
Specs all of us outflowed including, of course, Naples and Four Myers and they brought in Palm Beach.
So I have my, oh gee, something must have, something must have lifted my keychain.
The one I had sitting here.
There you go.
And the keychain's available only if you want to use that common WQN.com or from our van hits.
Are they going out today?
I don't know.
I don't know if they're noteworthy.
I'm talking to you all nice to Miguel.
He might do something good for you.
205-650-156.
I've been talking nice to him for ever since he came here.
Has he done anything nice for me?
No, not yet, but I'm still having given up hope.
But anyway, those people who think that the Cuban community is going to be voting for Gour because of G-Elebra Monroe or this one or that one,
you are dreaming.
You're in La La Land.
Here's Poppano Beach our first call of the day.
Yes, sir.
I got a great affirmative action story for him.
A great one?
A affirmative action.
Okay, where I work, most administrative, clerical people are charges.
They're nice people, you know?
So yesterday I was sitting by my desk and one of them comes walking by with a box filled with chocolates.
And she says, you want to buy some chocolates?
I said, no.
I think, well, maybe she's in order for somebody to charity, right?
I said, they go in a chocolate bar, you know, open my sister.
I said, oh, is it for school?
No, she wants to go on next to the day to Bush Gardens.
Yeah.
She's selling chocolates for her sister.
For her sister, you got to Bush Gardens.
How many did you buy?
None.
Why not?
Because you should get it on a roll.
Well, why can't I say that?
Her sister wants to go to Bush Gardens where she didn't go to the lobby from a convenience store.
Well, she's trying to be an enterprise-in-business lady.
Well, all right.
Grab buy some chocolates and get out of here.
You raise this pig and that has left the door to the former direction.
He said he had a big belief that she was trying to come through the back door.
Those who understand and talk about the fact that these farts are working in where his establishment is.
Are there only because they're, because they're, he really saying that they're dumb.
Is that what he's saying?
Yeah.
And I think you're just insensitive and article by some goddamn chocolates.
What kind of word is a matter of fact?
Maybe we'll buy something.
Yeah, over here, honey, maybe we'll buy something.
This is one of the kind that make you think about that totally crap in them.
Here's our poll for the oil.
I guess you better get to yesterday's poll first.
Now it's it's reloading on there.
It's reloading and now it's going to score it.
It's shooting off.
The United States is one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world.
170 only 22.6 percent for that one.
Nobody were worse than most countries as far as violence is concerned.
206, 27.4 percent.
But far in a way, the leading category now poll yesterday, a slaughterhouse filled with gun nuts and scumbags.
374, 49.8 percent.
In other words, about 50 percent.
Had the honesty to say, this is a slaughterhouse.
And I commend you.
Oh, really?
Because you're absolutely correct.
As far as the other two, like John McLaughlin would say, wrong.
That's right.
Wrong answer.
I just, you know, something.
If I played that for four hours, I wouldn't stop laughing.
See, if nobody's ever seen that show, there's a guy, and I, what's funny about that?
But I mean, keep your Bible.
What I mean, the accent is perfect.
And it's just the...
I've never seen the show.
You've never seen the show?
I don't know who any of those people are.
Oh, then how come you laughing so much?
You would have seen the show.
You would have seen the show.
You'd need the pins in there.
It's the rest of it.
You've never seen McLaughlin in company?
No.
With Ellen Cliff.
And first of all, Pat, you can't even do this.
It's not on that show.
They have the big fat Tony that British got.
How come it is that already, grits that have come over here now that they have on TV that they've created around all white wingers?
I guess there aren't any liberal brits at least not from a white guest that wouldn't come here.
Maybe these are gun hovers.
But the big fat British guy Tony is something I don't know what his name is.
When is it on?
And tomorrow, someday, morning talking hit the...
Oh, I don't know why.
I think usually the right finds all of those things.
Of course, you wouldn't watch it because it's on PBS.
And I would nearly know what PBS is, but sometimes in channel surfing, I'll fall on it and the show too.
It's worth watching. It's a panic.
It's hysterical.
Okay, here's the whole question.
And it's perfect after that first call because we know there are a lot of new people out there that harbor bigotries and prejudices like George.
Generally, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most?
That's our whole question today.
Got it, Eric?
Generally, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most?
Anyhow, we don't like making generalizations on the show today.
Yeah!
Yeah, we do.
Because as much as I tell you to deal with people as individuals, that is a good way to live, the fact is we don't do that.
Because we have experiences with people who are, you know, fell in the blank, whatever it is.
And then we start forming opinions based on the experiences good or bad.
Let me say it again.
Or generally, which group of people in South Florida bugs you the most? New Yorkers?
Senior citizens?
Oh, children?
African Americans?
Patients?
Jamaicans?
Rednecks?
Or?
French Canadians?
How many is that?
Two, four, six, eight.
Who do we appreciate least?
Huh?
That's not bad, eight categories.
New Yorkers, senior citizens, Cuban African Americans, Americans, rednecks or French Canadians.
And that's, I'm not adding anymore.
I'm sure that we could find many, many more groups to put on there.
But I think we covered most of the bases with that, wouldn't you?
I think we'll put our finger on it.
Most of the way around?
Here's a model in candle.
Hello?
Uncle Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, that's freaking idiot.
Who can't put this cell in chocolate for you?
Why are they there now?
Yeah, you want them or not, you moron.
Thank you, or yes, please.
Who can't put it right?
That's right.
That's why I want you to go to push gardens.
What's you going to work a little extra overtime?
So we think they stay an extra day?
No, you can't work overtime.
You can't put a push garden.
You can't eat it.
I don't know.
Yeah.
All of those tolls.
I was never, I always wondered who gave the tolls and then they surveyed.
And who climbed it?
And for years and years and years, you'd always hear about the next race and your radio books,
all the newspaper polls.
I have never participated in India, though, as I'm wondering where they get their opinions and their results.
And finally, the other day, I just got a call.
And with some telemark, they weren't selling anything.
Yeah.
It was a telephone call.
And the question was, if you were to vote today, who would you vote for, or push?
And I think it was actually Tuesday, the phone call came in.
I said, I would vote for Gore.
Yeah.
Is there anything I could say or do to change your mind?
Well, that's not a telemarketing.
Let's say probably it was Barbara on the phone.
Barbara's badge.
And I said, if I were to vote today, no.
If I were to vote on election day, yeah, put Jesse Ventura on the ballot.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
That was it.
Yeah, that probably pissed her off a good time.
Yeah.
That was much of a sense, Nick.
Well, congratulations.
I'm ready.
You're part of the American scene.
All right.
You're official.
Thank you so much.
See, there's a guy who's finally like, you counted for something.
Some bogus, sir.
Tell me.
Is there anything we can do to change your mind?
That's good.
The next probably the way CNN does it pull through the Gallup people.
The retrust the Gallup people.
Oh, they ought to gallup into their sunset.
I would trust Frank Gallup, both of them, the George Gallup and Frank Gallup have been dead for probably 30 years.
No Frank Gallup, of course you don't.
He used to be on lights out before you were born.
How do you know Frank Gallup?
I hope you're late.
Deep, booming voice.
I'll combine with no Frank Gallup, because you know it's all those other good people.
25 past 10, if I got some great, you know, in this business about Molly Iverins and about Caldria.
Let me say it again.
A tax dimensioner is all you want.
And I also want to repeat that crap the one guy yesterday.
See, if you keep saying something that awful, that was hit little something.
You know, keep repeating the same crap and you'll start to believe it.
About the liberal press.
You look at the papers this morning.
Here's a big column by Cal Thomas.
William Sapphire.
Who are all these liberal columnists?
I mean, Carl Rowan is dead.
Ellen Goodman, she's one liberal or a columnist.
Who are all these other great liberal columnists?
And I'm television.
Who are all the great liberal commentators?
George Will, Bob Novak, Roland Evans, John McLaughlin, my bye.
Who are they?
Or that a writer?
Yeah, I can't believe it.
Yeah, and all of the people on Fox, except for that token, who we are,
is far too one, whatever his name is, it got under one mediator.
One, Tom, tomato, whatever his name is.
Oh, no, there's this tremendous liberal bias.
So this is what you're dealing with with the right wing.
Is it all paranoid and delusional?
Probably like wet ants crawling into the bed all night long too.
You're probably looking under the sea of the boogieman to see if a communist is under there.
You know, like Ann Richards.
Oh, you're wrong.
It does it all communist.
They have no credibility.
Maxine Waters, Ann Richards, they're all communist.
Why?
26th and 10th, 5th, 60WQ.
But it's free, it's free.
This is a story of a girl who's out of trouble.
Ann Richards, she got, got, got, got it all.
Why does body run?
She can't smile.
It's why she was waiting for.
So let me show you the other one.
And now she is so wealthy.
She's for my guess girl.
Rrrrrrr.
That she got to be so lucky.
That's where I fall.
And die, die, die.
That she's a widow, so I sink in.
If I have to do that all for self.
I deserve her, 160 mil.
21 and 560WQ I am.
I'll put a question this up.
Generally, which group of people in South Africa bugs you the most?
The New Yorker, senior citizens, French-Graders, African-American, Haitians, Rednecks, or Jamaican.
I think a stellar poll over the weekend reveals some real bitterness and feelings in this time.
We do have a lot of bitterness.
I didn't invent it.
Let's just bring it out there in the table and take a look at it and put it away for a few days.
Want to put it away?
No.
In an interview with a gay publication, President Clinton says homosexuals go by aside to bring impeachment
because they understood what it was like to be publicly humiliated and abused.
Aspon the advocate magazine, how he felt about this approach and received during the scandal from Gaze,
Clinton said it came from the same well-spinning experience that prompted so many African-Americans to stick with me because they've been there.
Expressing his lingering frustration with the investigation as a fair with the White House intern
that nearly brought down his presidency, Clinton likened the vigilance of his opponents
with those who have persecuted Gaze blacks in other minorities.
The people who have been targeted who have been publicly humiliated and abused, I think, identified with what was going on.
He told the magazine minority saw the investigation in impeachment as he did as just a vehicle to find some right desperate way to undermine the result of two elections.
Two elections.
I think there were a lot of people who saw who knew what it was like to take a bullet and saw it for what it was.
Clinton was on to say that he was a little bit surprised that what the interview described as anti-gay conservatives hated him so much.
They soon he has an apostate because of a southern white male protestant and southern white male protestants have been the backbone of their power.
Maybe they just don't like me.
Speaking of southern white male protestants, wait till you hear this one.
Jimmy Carter we now to southern Baptist convention.
Yeah!
Girls Jimmy Carter from Plains or Aintree were not really sure where to be still checking up on that family tree.
Plain tree.
Plain tree?
What do you think they're playing up there in a family tree?
It wouldn't surprise me.
Anyway, former president Jimmy Carter the son of the southern Baptist Sunday school teacher has disassociated himself from the nation's largest Protestant denomination
and criticized its increasingly rigid creed.
I finally decided that after 66 years I can know all 66, I'm not sure what the three members are going to be.
I can no longer be associated with the southern Baptist convention.
The 76 year old former president said in the letter may have the 75,000 Baptist nation while yesterday by a group of moderate-pestors Baptists.
Carter said the southern Baptist convention was about almost 60 million members, has adopted policies that violate the basic premises of my Christian faith, including a denominational statement that prohibits women from being a Christian faith.
When the pastor says it's a lie to be submissive to their husbands.
Oh, like that nice going Jimmy.
Yeah, whenever he stole a faith train.
And it was kind of a bumbling, bumbling Yahoo, but nevertheless his heart was in the right place even though of course he had less than it.
Maybe that was his problem he had less than that heart.
5,670 we know that Ronnie never had less than a self-resort, look what he knew a little stick.
A little stiffy.
Here's couple of rage, he'll aren't.
Okay, great. Thanks for the bulletin.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hi, Leop.
Yes sir.
Have you heard the new spot they're running on your station for the Hirshonel team?
No.
Pretty funny.
The guy claims that historically the market is proven that from May to October is a very bad time to have your money.
And November until May is when the market really rocks.
Oh, you got to do that.
How come the church didn't tell me that when I came to the market and said let's put it all in CDs or put it all in the money market or something until November because then it's really going to rock.
I don't know, you better ask Mr. Ronald, I think he was the one doing the spot.
Wee Ronald?
I'm going to give my money to Wee Ronald and Ken Arnold.
I'll tell you that in a little bit.
That's right, as well as others.
Yeah, you said it.
Also, as far as the press goes, when some of my reactionary friends tell me about talking about the liberal media, I try to point out my favorite example.
Pat, you can, nobody even knew he was until he was on Crossfire.
That's right.
And the answer for that is that, well, yeah, now that everybody's on to the liberal press, they throw a token in there every once in a while.
Yeah.
And if you push them hard, they're going to drop.
Like George Will.
I mean, I can go down a list and spend from here on to a clock going down the list of all these fascists they got on there.
And I just love the way Bob Novak, who's one of the most beautiful of them in Muck's, he always looks like Dracula and Heebie's forming at the mouth and that fake smile.
As soon as he knows the camera's on, it comes up with that fake effected smile.
But at the end, when he has to read the line, I love the way he over dramatized.
Join us again tomorrow night for another dish up.
Crossfire!
Well, I mean, come on Novak, who are you kidding?
And even Hymnard Kimmers enbursed by you.
And most of these people that we're all about, the liberal media, if you push their buttons enough, eventually you'll get them to, uh, real about the liberal Jewish media.
The liberal Jew Fags, that's right. Now you're talking.
Exactly.
Okay.
Okay, thanks. And have a nice weekend from your liberal Jew Fag host.
5.6705, so you forgot what's going on here?
Well, all those people that run there when I do the model talk to them and other naturally in the movie to take some calls here, one on the board.
Pretty weak. You're really weak.
I'm just loaded with person vinegar.
They want to thank my good close friend, Jesus, for their therapy.
And my mother says I better be sure to mention the therapy I'm talking about is for my hand.
She is so freaking paranoid.
Oh yeah, there's a pretty good one.
He has a poster like Mitch.
Oh, I wish I could.
Yeah, can you believe that?
Yeah, she said that.
That's how paranoid and lifeless she is.
This is the kind of thing she's got to worry about.
Besides the fact that my refrigerators too cold or not too hot and not too cold.
It's not just right.
Yeah, the therapist is for my hand, not for my brain, although,
be honest with you, we're talking to these both those four hours every day, 25 years.
It's a miracle. I'm not going to one of those, but I don't believe in that anyway.
I can't afford to go to a shrink.
It's not enough already.
But Louise, my hand therapist over there at...
What is the place to call the University of rehab center?
I think that's an end.
But great. The best.
Thank you, Jerry.
He runs the joint.
It's fantastic.
They got the machine, the ultra sound.
And they take that thing and wonder why you hear all the sounds.
And you can feel it.
You can feel the microwave is going into your hand and breaking down all that crap.
And the swelling of my hand is gone down dramatically.
And look it out.
I can actually make a fist.
Make a fist.
Get that little pinky and not from it.
It's got a way to go.
But I'm getting there.
I mean, it's almost back to normal.
You're the best Louise.
That's for you.
My shrink.
Here's a mobile, a mobile and a.
A. B.
Hello.
How you doing?
OK.
Even though we know you don't like the brothers, but you have a real brother here.
I'm black and I'm Jewish.
What do you mean I like this?
I like this one.
What do you mean?
I like this one, man.
Yeah.
It's a blubber for two.
Very nice.
And nothing, man.
You're OK, man.
You're OK for white boys.
OK.
Let me know.
OK, see you, boy.
567.05.60.
On the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Nothing shocks these back.
I got all these bush quotes.
I got this thing about the Steve case, the CEO of AOL, and the money they're contributing to ultra-right wing like Jim Kennedy.
I do want to mention Fred Grimney or an asshole if they help, which I've always known that.
Once in a while, her white collar makes sense.
But generally, after he ripped the teenage guys, that's thinking about the clubs in Florida.
And then I ripped them on here and he changed the 180 degrees two days later in the next column.
And that today, he writes a stupid column, Forget Alien, Kankers King now.
And he writes a thing about that lady's dog that died from the poison that they were spraying.
And he says, oh, a dead doggy, the autopsies pending at another level of resentment against the $170 million citrus Kanker campaign.
And the column is all over the place.
As usual, and I look at those papers, you doesn't really say anything.
A dead doggy.
You know, like a big joke.
Real joke, asshole.
You know, real joke.
And speaking of jokes, judge gales now adult crime boy for 10 years.
Oh, yeah.
Long overdue.
Crime boy.
This was also supposed to be a big joke.
Or even with cute, let's give him 400 changes.
Hey, still, turn out to be a piece of scumbag.
Piece of crap.
Do you guys keep giving more chances and more chances and more chances of what the hell is its stuff?
Here's my last chance for phone calls today. I'm telling you right now.
This is it.
Because I'm, I'm the roader for birding them down on that scale.
Georgia's in all time, low on weight.
I'm, I'm getting there, not in all time, low.
But I'm getting down there into a new, a new, what, 10 pounds.
You know what I mean?
And the new, uh, thing on the scale.
That's exciting.
Yeah, when you, when you crossed that barrier from the 190s into 180s and then got away,
those were the roof from there.
This is it.
560, 7 or 560, pound 560 on the 18th.
The rise in wireless line out of town.
877, 785, 60, 345.
Last call.
This is 560, UAS.
The Neil Roger show.
Sports radio.
560, QAS.
It's trial though.
You first good.
Now a sneak peek backstage at Robert Downey Jr. preparing for his role in Hamlet.
To be or not to be.
That is the question.
What are you know, but in the mind, the sufferer.
Robert.
Robert.
You need a line.
No, thanks.
Got my own.
The sweet hours of the latest fortune.
Robert, you are right on it.
Rob.
Mr. Jr.
Do we still have Charlie Sheen's number?
Probably.
It's 1045 at 560, WQA in.
Madam said the sales manager.
The audio system in this car is completely automatic.
All you need to do is tell what you want to listen to and you'll hear exactly that.
I see her at the top of Ladybugging the Lexus.
I missed that because the fact is bad.
But anyway, she's got a new Lexus.
She drives out.
Someone amazed a little confused.
She looked at the radio and said, Nelson.
The radio responded.
Ricky or Willie.
Soon she was speeding down the highway of the sounds of Amaro again.
Lady was astounded.
If she wanted Beethoven, that's what she got.
If she wanted Matt King Cole, that's she got it.
Suddenly it's a traffic light for light turn green and she pulled out.
Off to a right out of the corner of her life, she saw a small sports utility vehicle speeding towards her.
She swirled and nearly missed a head on collision.
As whole, she muttered.
And from the radio, ladies and gentlemen, the Republican candidate for president George W. Bush.
How do you like that?
I kind of felt it had a moment or two if I would have read it right from the top.
But it was still okay.
Clear Channel sought her food.
Soon for fraud.
I ordered a Senate candidate, Andy Martin, as well, consumer fraud charges.
In all 50 states, counter, baby, alleging that clear channel is defrauding listeners by a genuine contest that are portrayed as local, but our infact nation wide.
Fraudulent, baby, cheat channel fraud.
Martin claims clear channel is defrauding listeners and they're thinking they're competing for a prize on only one station, when in fact they're competing with people listening on hundreds of stations.
And the way to call on this the other day.
Saying most of us senators are too dumb to exercise, meaning from oversight of our communications matters.
Martin has also asked FCC, Chairman Bill Kinnard to open a formal FCC investigation into the matter.
This yesterday, the Boston Globe, by an historian, called a clear channel contest in WXKS in Boston, suspect.
Because even though the stationers are disclaimer, there is no guarantee that an XKS listener will ever win.
It's no different from what McDonald's does.
Said the WXKS PD John Ivy told the Globe, which notes that clear channel is delusing and running disclaimers during the contest.
Because the company was fined 80 grand by the Florida Attorney General's office earlier this year for deceptive trade practices during a similar contest.
Fair channel did not be turned out in our phone calls by press time, R&R being radio and records from which this article comes.
How do you like that?
So we have a member earlier in the year when they got nailed the first time.
And they're so stupid and so full of crap that they're still doing it.
And I'll get the same thing I told the caller the other day.
It's just like in Vegas, Quartomania, Mega Bucks.
They had these gigantic jackpots that are built up at the Islam machines, 20 million, 15 million, 7 million.
And the fact of the matter. And they don't lie about it.
And all the people are too stupid to realize they have it posted.
But those are universal in the state and the value.
They're in casinos all over. Maybe just in Vegas, but they're in our casinos.
So if you're in the MGM or you're in hell, it's not just in there.
So you have to understand that your chances of winning.
Somebody is going to win the jackpot eventually, but it may not even be in the casino where you're playing.
This is the same thing. Only these people are playing fast and loose.
Getting people to turn into a station thinking that they got a chance to win money.
And maybe somebody in their station in Tartica, Canada is going to win.
And you haven't got any chance.
Nice going to channel.
They may not be good to least are consistent.
They make these look good and boy, that is really.
They're saying a lot.
Here's Pember Pine. Tell us.
Hello, me and I just want to say this here.
Of the American people, massacres that they were both for their power and bush.
I mean, you look like a poet.
Yeah.
And I just like to say that how many elections seven, he's going to turn into a no man.
And he's going to say, well, I couldn't pick it.
So I just want to lick it.
Bye.
Anybody know what he said?
Bye, bye, bye.
Oh. 5.6705.
60, that's the material they got today.
You people, I was talking to somebody yesterday.
I won't see who it was.
And who was telling me, you said, you know something all these years,
I thought you were exaggerating, but you can't promote anything in this town.
This town, this is a dead place.
They don't support anything.
Just like the show.
I mean, yeah, they're not going to get those diaries, thank God.
But other than that, you can't motivate these people to do anything.
I hate to even imagine, talk about the Panthers, which I won't mention more than two seconds,
because that'll be the end of the show.
I can't even imagine what kind of attendance will I have next Wednesday night.
Because they still have the one again.
And if they get blocked by Colorado night, which is fully anticipated by me and many others,
it could be really ugly.
Now, just a lot of phonies ready to jump on the bandwagon,
like that big phonie hoop block a couple of weeks ago,
or a croons in FSU, which should have been a great game.
But most of the hoop blocks are at least down here, it was all phony, phony baloney.
Another plane of girls school again.
Oh, yeah, temple boy, even a Jews like temple.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
It could be playing a shiver and there would be the same competition.
Here's kind of a pine, tell me.
Neil, how are you doing today?
OK.
Good.
Hey, I have a very lonely, very quiet here today.
I'm all loaded for bare.
I'm just full of it in this audience.
They're in a coma.
Uh, well, I got a solution for how to get to or elected.
You would agree that most of the green tooth Cuban scissor like you.
Yeah.
You ought to start putting it down the floor.
They're on the floor in this show.
They're not listening.
OK, well, you ought to start pushing bush.
No, I'm not pushing bush.
You wouldn't know.
I'm not pushing bush.
No, I'm not pushing bush.
I'm not pushing bush.
Oh, I do have a suggestion for some of those old, the green tooth.
Push, push, push.
I don't want to be a person.
Yeah, push that.
560.
560.
This is weak today, men.
Oh, man, I can't believe this.
My hand is coming back.
I feel great, George and I are both losing weight on the scale.
Got some serious energy on this end.
And the other end.
Yeah.
Lethargy.
Just a usual crap.
Club owners.
I played for an end to AIDS law.
Thank you over the fact that I've already had a club death.
I'm on top of it.
Under 21 band causing financial strain, George told.
The owners of a four-water deal nightclub, as the Brown Church does.
They just stop the cities ever to keep the under 21 cloud out of the bars.
At this point, we've laid off half our employees at Bryant Smith General Manager of the Chilli
Pepper Nightclub on East Brown Boulevard.
Smith's four-broad circuit church, Jeffree Stryfield, who expected the club to go out of business
if the four-water deal city ordinance banning younger patrons remains in effect.
Chilli Pepper is featured concerts by hooting the blowfish, David Bowling, other ranks in
soaping in 1997.
The club has never been cited for underage grigging Smith said.
The club lost 37,500 bucks in a week after the ban was enacted in early October Smith said.
It lost another 25 grand the following week.
Under the club's pre-band policy, patrons 21 and older were given a non-transferable wristband.
No one without a wristband was allowed to purchase drinks.
A system city attorney Steven Scott said it was almost impossible to enforce an overreaching
policy for people under 21 and nightclub setting.
The problem of underage grigging would be considerably lessened by keeping the younger patrons
out of the nightclub.
Jeff Stryfield said he may decide to enable the issue in ordinance and injunction against the ordinance.
Please do a judge.
You've got to pull back through that up business.
Not to mention one of the shows I found I think it was on MSNBC.
They had a piece about the kids that turned 21 in college and the kids that had been from
Drinking.
Did you see that, too?
The Benchurch is the house.
Yes, it was about a piece of it.
And it doesn't what happens in America because you make it for business fruits.
Therefore, oh, I'm going to be 21.
I'm just going to go crazy and maybe I'll kill myself.
You don't understand?
Yes.
It doesn't work.
Prehibition doesn't work.
And putting people out of business also isn't such a great idea.
You answer this before a lot of the other day, you boo knows of you.
Oh, but if you're over the age of 100, it's okay to drive.
And you run 75 million different prescription drugs and all hopped up on God only knows what.
Then it's okay to drive because the senior students like I told you the ones who vote and all
your young people out there actually tell you this 75% or 25% of 18 to 24 years can name
both presidential candidates and you wonder why nobody cares about you.
Well, you have no, you do, there's no constituency there.
Tom Green, eight running for president and 30% seven, seven, 70% of people in this country,
18 to 24 can name both vice presidential candidates.
You know what I mean?
To me, it's astonishing because if you watch, even if you never turned on a newscast,
CNN, any of that stuff, if you're just watching just all the other stuff,
go and brush, forget about the other guys, but go and brush for them every day.
I'm sure except for cooking with the AMO or the ass holder, AMOlegassy.
Yeah, but then everywhere that's 25% of 18 to 24 year olds can't name both candidates
because they got a long confusing names like grow and brush, more than three letters.
Here's a mobile and less pond, hello.
Good morning, Mr. Lowers.
Yes, sir.
You know, I think Bush would do good on how to do it.
Yeah, I think he and Joe McCom will be good.
Yeah, and you know, remember Dan Quayle, I think Mr. Bush looks, you know,
he makes Dan Quayle look like a rocket science.
I would agree with that.
And you remember now when there was a guy that claimed he had sold parts of Dan Quayle
and they put him under the jail.
In Texas, yes.
Yeah, and all right, how many people do you think have been paid off or killed and buried
in a field somewhere that's so close to Bush or party?
Right.
And how many slots out there have been paid off?
And how many people, how many women that he have a portion done for that he probably banged off?
I'm hearing that the hilarious Flint exposé is coming out next week.
That's your one right there, sir.
That's what I'm hearing.
The biggest pose, the Bush story, if you've had an expression.
And of course, what's unusual about seeing Bush and Hussler, right?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
And this is the Bush's great quotes.
And I thank whoever facts these to me.
You can never have enough of these.
These are direct quotes, not something that was made up by Robert Gala or anybody else.
All you idiots that keep factoring me this.
So you can't have to catch the base.
And you know what's amazing.
They're just like their candidate.
You can't dispute the statistics or the facts.
So you have to go on the attack like, wow, you're just an idiot.
You are fascist.
You are kami.
But whatever you are.
Here's a quote from George Bush, May 20th of the 96.
Malignancy is something that we should talk about not in terms of having it.
For NASA, space is still a high priority.
Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children.
The American people would not want to know any of my miscodes that George Bush may or may not make.
We are all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to be enlightened when the mistakes we may or may not have made.
It isn't a pollution that's common, this is one of the best.
It isn't a pollution that's common in the environment.
It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it.
What your man says.
And last night on one of the newscasts, they had a big story on Houston, which I was telling about myself here yesterday,
that it was written from that call the Gallabok, so it couldn't possibly be true.
But there was on the news about Houston as past Los Angeles and all the smog and about their threatened to losing two billion dollars in federal highway revenue, the state of Texas,
unless they clean up their act.
And of course the big ol' refineries, this year the pictures of them spewing all their crap out of the air, all of George's W's good buddy.
And now I notice they're showing the ads about if you imagine what he's doing in Texas, you can imagine what will happen in the Everglades if he's in a White House.
You can't complain about the EPA's policy when he gets in there because there won't be any.
70% this was on CNBC yesterday.
70% of the CEO's are the major corporations in this country.
70% are for Bush, 3% for growing the other one on the side of the world or somebody else.
What does that tell you?
And I can't imagine why all those people in big business, all those multi-millionaires and billionaires,
how dumb can dumb be?
Let's go be my line for today.
How dumb you have to be to be that dumb?
Huh?
As in...
This is 560 QAF, for you 560, WAM by Amy Portlaterdale, a measly run for all states at WQAM.com or the world.
No, the Aflac casting call.
All right Tom Brokos!
Number of cars.
Aflac.
Again Tom?
Aflac.
One more time Tom.
I'm losing a second part. One more.
Next.
My Tyson.
Yes, my Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll pay what I'm saying.
And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah.
Jesse Jackson.
Aflac.
Aflac.
Jesse, I'm sorry, but the doc is white.
Next.
What do you think Alan?
Nothing is deducted.
Stake to the Screadmissor Alan.
It's crazy. It's insanity.
Great to lie, please.
Why would a duck speak black?
Enough.
The great Sean Connery sir, how welcome sir, welcome.
From the holiday.
Welcome sir, just bring the line, please.
Aflac.
Excuse me sir, again?
Aflac.
Sir, I'm sorry that second part of the line, I don't...
I'm simply saying, Aflac.
Next.
Oh god.
I guess you got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right, give it to me Gilbert.
I won't.
I won't.
I won't.
I won't.
Well Gilbert, I pretty much hate you.
And I think you're terrible but, you're the close thing we got.
You got the job.
That was through the 56 and WQM.
It's a Friday time to wake up and sit the coffee man, sit the bath of the old, sit the panties.
God.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing?
Yes sir.
Hey you are a professional and a boy of reason and a sea of shrimp on the radio.
Listen, my question is, I got three points to make.
But the liberal media is so liberal.
Where are they?
Because other than your show, I can't find anything on the radio.
Oh that's another thing speaking about radio.
You got Fantastolumboi, you got Ali North, you got the Gordon Lydia Nazi with the dead rat in his mouth.
Who the hell are the liberals on the radio?
I'm out in America.
My brother-in-law here.
You got the Fantastolumboi, Dr. Lloyd at the self-hitting Orthodox Jew bitch.
My brother-in-law, he says any media or anyone else who advocates is liberal.
And, well, not a lot of people I just got you mentioning.
Well, except that everybody is liberal with the advocates together to do anything.
Other than restrict personal life by prior abortion.
Right.
Right, it's done.
Uh-huh.
And I didn't see it in the show right away this morning, but did you mention that F.I.U.
poem?
Yes I did.
Okay, about the Gordon Bush.
Yes, I certainly did.
64 to 15 percent local Cubans, local non-cubans, 49 percent per group, 21 per Bush.
Yeah.
All the non-cubans that are going to have to invert two or four times in South Florida, we got real problems because those green tooth facets, they'll be out there for half a dozen times.
Right, and then dig your swarves again.
Hey, Witt, I got some constructive criticism.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Witt, you always tell us we have no lies in the stuff and I know you make up a lot after everything.
But really, on the phone calls, a lot of times you cut off people there, I think.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Who don't do constructive or any other kind of criticism?
Do you like the show, sir?
Sit back and enjoy it and otherwise, see ya.
You know what I'm saying?
Eeeh!
The on the one I sit here and determine how the show goes.
And if you're interesting, I'll leave you on.
Even if you're interesting in a bizarre way, that's okay.
But you're quite frankly going to give you much too much time.
It was a good guy, but boring.
See, one thing you can't be is boring, sir.
Your voice was boring.
I'm sure you're a wonderful guy.
We agree politically.
But that doesn't make you interesting.
The fact that we agree your second-mcience, I mean, that's fine, but enough of the sucking, okay?
Boring.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm letting you know that I'm going for Bush.
Yeah, huh, yeah.
Yeah, something you could eat.
If you had four green cards, you still wouldn't let you vote, okay?
You're back at a banana boat.
That's one of them.
One of them.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that pair, I need to vote so far.
Generally speaking, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most.
In fact, now it's coming to refreshing.
It's refreshing.
Can you smell it?
94 people.
Can I be right?
Which group of people in South Florida bug you the most?
Cubans 43.
Oh, Yorkers 22.
Oh.
See, in your citizens' nine, African-Americans 8, redneck 5, French-Canadian 5, Haitians 2, I
look at this.
Jamaicans have none.
Yeah, man.
I see that.
Everybody likes the Jamaicans because they got the good weed, baby.
We're not going to piss them off.
We're not going to rub them the wrong way.
Or the right way, but I mean.
Nobody wants to piss off the Jamaicans.
Trust me when I tell you.
That's the way the land goes right now on.
That's going to be up there all weekend long.
I measure more of like 75,000 votes on that.
Because that's what most people here live for is to hate everybody else.
That's what it's all about.
It's a no-brainer.
Like George W.
No-brainer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I got it for Thomas, the penalty is over, it's funny, and so was Gary Roberts.
It's funny, but Thomas Roberts back for Thomas, and Thomas was the first to score a third.
I love these water plates, but he is very tight corner, so it's not all in the least, but the first player this year has scored in one game.
Oh, oh, right.
9 minutes after you're done, it's 560 WQM.
I go for losing.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I can't.
I can't.
I have first to get a nail thought.
I'm going to sit in the front of you right after John Goldman.
Oh, I'm excited.
Just kidding.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
714- scarf.
660 WQM.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
I'm going to lose.
9.
Also, manufacturers this stuff, cream, vitamin C, AE, and the antioxidant complex, cream
and so the neckin brought something here.
I've been smearing it and my hands are still there.
Have you liked that?
Huh?
Good stuff.
Then you can drink some.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I just want to tell you this right off to that CNN.
See, this is the psychology thing.
If they tell you that the election has become a really large site and won't candidate
like Bush, is way the hell ahead, then a lot of people say, ah, what the f, I'm not
going to bother going out and voting.
That's what's going on right now because we only got about 2.5 weeks.
That's what's happening right now.
Make no mistake about it.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
You know what, they were talking about there with Limbaugh, G Gordon and with Oli.
That don't sound like a bad number of free lines for the panthers there, you know.
We could probably sign them for a case of assault rifles and maybe some, uh, I guess this
strap ball limbaugh in the midst.
You might stop something.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, we ought to put Joe Rose up there to that point.
Okay, great.
I was thinking of Joe Rose.
I should have told him this in the hallway this morning, but he was having a big sports
discussion with Greg Reed, which I found very news, and he was both in.
Yeah.
Last night, so it's about 20 after the chase.
I'm getting ready to punch back the channel for not that I like the news, but I was getting
ready to watch Dan Rather.
It's a 30-MCDS.
And by mistake, I'm going to remote a head channel, which I never watch channels.
There's news.
Because Tony cigarette will make give me the willies.
He just is sort of, he's a sports nerd.
And all these years, he's trying to be a news guy.
Is he a news guy?
No, a silly person, Tony.
But anyway, so it was time for the sports with Little Boss.
Joe Rose had a sports jacket on.
There was 87 side.
It must have been the old, day game sports jacket that was left around in the boom closet.
Somebody must have forgot his jacket.
Because he had on a sports jacket.
It was like 82 sizes too big.
And he kept, he kept like, you know, trying to like push it together and the jacket too.
Wow.
Fine.
See, all your people will want to talk about Joe Rose's big head.
That's between six and 10 in the morning.
That's going to be their topic on Monday and all next week.
You know we got the Jets in the dolphins and the World Series.
That'll be the topic next week.
Richie and all that stuff.
So one good thing about that show is you can turn them on today, yesterday, which you
go circus.
And it's always Richie from Boyzhead and the Jets in the, the Metz.
That's it.
Do the Jets in the Metz play here?
No.
So, you know, I might have to reconsider my vote.
I'm not going to tell you who I voted for on the pool.
I'm not going to have to start thinking about the New Yorkers.
Of course, we know why George don't like the New Yorkers.
There's too many Jews up there.
Oh, yeah.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd sure want to bring up something here about this business to go and brush.
One of the main things that they talked about was going to expand government.
What's the big, what's the bigger bureaucracy and, uh, send out of money.
Says who?
In at the base.
Says Bush?
Well, that was, that's what Bush is.
Yes.
What I was feeling with the building, though, how can that be?
No, that's what I was feeling by Bush.
Let me say it again.
I mean, what stated that was what Bush said.
Yes, that's what he keeps saying.
But that you think that'll pick up the purpose.
He, at first of all, last night on a senior said news, the economist have examined both
of their, both of their plans in terms of spending the, uh, the, the, the proposed, the
big surplus that we may have or may not.
And growers is way exaggerated.
We have, we have a minimal amount of that left over.
And Bushes would put us back in the red again.
How do you like that?
Bushes getting priceless.
Let me say it again.
Are, are you a millionaire?
No.
Well, what are you going to do with that 50 cents a day?
I'm going to get a 55 percent tax cut.
You're going to get what?
A 55 percent tax cut according to Bushes.
How do I say those 50 percent?
Oh, you must have seen those commercials.
They all killed, spend it wisely.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
He didn't respond to what I just asked him, because he can't.
You're going to get 60 cents a day.
Wow.
How many diets are going to be back for that?
It depends on the soda machine, maybe like three fifths.
It wouldn't surprise me if George is working on a fifth right now.
560, at 0560, 0560 on the ATMT and Verizon wireless line.
So he didn't respond to all the while I said, I mean, I'm not just talking out of my answers
on political rhetoric.
They hit it right there.
They've studied it.
Non-partisan.
And growers exaggerating as policies always do.
And exaggeration is one of the specialty.
But exaggerating the surplus that we have.
But at least it would be in the green.
A fraction of what he claims.
But we'd have money left over.
Bush, his modest budget increase, will be in the red.
Because he's taking all that money out of social security.
Given the gigantic tax cuts to the 1 percent wealthiest people in the country, including me,
which I'll pass on that.
So I'm not, unlike this last asset, who all he cares about is allegedly how much he thinks he's getting,
which is wrong, selfish.
I'm not interested in that.
I could make back his saving and tax money more than normal can't lost for me on the suit and who that.
No.
I'm not saying it again.
I said, no, I can't, but instead of, yeah, oh, there was you in there.
Well, I've been finished to work.
But I would have been good, would have been appropriate.
I said, the tax government made me go.
I can't, they're fair.
Then he lost me with his incompetence, with sending all those letters, and getting these people all stood up to newsreest.
But I'm not going to do it because I'm not willing to take a few thousand dollars or a whole bunch of thousand dollars and exchange that for personal liberties for millions of people in this country, not just me, but for women and all of them.
I know he's in a bit of a brain.
I'm not willing to sell out this Supreme Quick and all of that of our judges for a goddamn tax break, which is going to be a hell of a lot more than you're going to get pal.
I'm talking maybe 60, 70, 80 grand a year, it would save me being in the 40 percent tax bracket.
So if you only want to be selfish, and that's all you care about is me, me, me, me, me, me, then go right ahead.
If that's where you're coming from.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello.
Any of you, what are you doing?
I came long time.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'd like to tell you about a shopping little incident I had yesterday when I came home from work.
Yeah.
I had to stop at a grocery store and the public's on a, he found out these boulevard.
And they had exactly, they had a, I think you kind of a sicker, you know, a little shack that the Jews go and cry.
I remember that somebody, aren't you? The sicker shack, yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, they had one of those set up in the parking lot and they had some Hatsita Jews and they had a woman and they even some kind of blessing.
They were holding fruit and they were holding a family.
I've never been so shocked in my entire life.
Yeah.
And everybody that was going in and out of the public, they were stopping them asking if they'd like to play.
Did they know Jew women?
I don't know. They must have.
I went in and I complained to the manager. I said, you know, do we have to be, uh, accosted by religious priests?
You know, when I come shopping here and he says, uh, well, that's not my call.
No, it's not his call.
You know, it's terrified to piss off the, uh, I've seen him.
So what he doesn't want to be called a lengthy family.
Uh-huh.
So I just figured out what you know about that.
Okay.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and provides a marvelous line.
Oh, here's a bunch of quotes that's going to be to Al Gore.
I guess what we're not reading those on here.
Well, it sounds like you're presenting a website to picture. That's right.
That's correct. That's absolutely positively correct.
But we do have a fast comedian that talks about how the Bush family made their money from financing Hitler during the 1930s.
I have a media, but that might be kind of interesting.
Yeah.
So I'm with one sided propaganda.
Yeah. Right. Now you're catching on.
We have to have like a few hours a week ago to kind of record a crap from the liberal media, fat ass limbaugh, and Dr. Laura, and the G-Gordon Litty.
And Ali, I never stole a free train from the country was North.
And of course, daddy Bush, he'd eaten nothing about that.
He wasn't in that, uh, Ryan Contra deal.
He didn't know nothing about that.
Because we had to build up the military for the show. He didn't know nothing about that.
Here's your field beach. How long?
I was going to ask you if you have, if you think you have any white wing greedy Republican pigs listening to your show, but that's a whole lot of calls back.
I have lots of them. I gave all these factors and most of them are filled with hate and psychosis.
And then I get some from people who don't think I'm liberal enough who are filled with hate and psychosis.
Because if they don't agree with it, you're a bastard, you know?
Well, I got a message for these white wing pigs. And as to why we despise you and loathe you as much as we do, it's because of your obsession with other people's genitalia.
Like you've been obsessing over Clinton's weaning for seven or eight years now.
Do you hear the latest about the Rolling Stone magazine cover?
About what?
Rolling Stone. Well, next week, next Monday, Rolling Stone is coming out with a feature on Al Gore.
And I'm not kidding enough. Limbaugh, that fat pig, spent three hours on this yesterday.
Yeah.
Seat spanned devoted at least 25 minutes this morning, with the callers.
The Republicans are claiming that they airbrushed his genitalia to make it look bulging in the picture.
Yeah, I had an idea of facts about that. You've said everyone wasted my time on your talking about it. What's the point?
Well, the point is that this is just the kind of thing.
Well, since we're genitalia, they have a penis thing. That's the whole thing.
Exactly right. Other people's penises.
Right.
And I just want to just fight this like the guy I read about the other day that up in Georgia that was filing the cop at right wing.
Goody two shoes for focus on the family guy.
There was a rest of her farming the cop in the park.
And just like James dobson's buddy there, the trout guy who was admitted that he hadn't a fair and had a resign his post.
So to speak, yep.
Have a great day. Thank you.
Yeah, I saw that the alleged that the airbrushed Gore's penis.
That one he asked you this. I mean, it was about seven foot nine something like that.
Yeah, he could that's why he was so good against the brother. He was looking down at it.
So you know, I mean just by accident, the gross penis is gotta be about three, four times bigger than Bush.
Yeah. In fact, maybe Bush. Well, five six out of five, 60, Tom five, you know, they always say what's in the name.
Tom five, 60 on the 18 teen boys and whatever's lying out of town.
I can for Myers, baby. Are you people over there voting for crying out loud?
Have you got a brain in your head except for that red wing, that red wing right wing red neck, the semi that fast this morning.
That Jack Hanson North for Myers. Is that all you got over there is a bunch of Bible floating assholes.
What the hell am I talking about this morning? Well, I'm just too full of the big glasses Bible floating.
I said the right thing.
One eight seven seven seven eight five, 6345.
Or we are as their election coming up. So we shouldn't be knocking them because they at least got that fascist me do a lot over there, which is more than I can see for you.
We're doing it up in Brawler County. Now we love the sheriff. We love Ken Jenny.
We like people who look like a possum. He ought to play possum is what he ought to do.
Hang from the goddamn true and outside your house and play possum. He's probably do that right now.
Him and he play Shaw. Oh, and by the way, it's bigger that some central here's another example. The liberal media.
Yeah, the sun, the center, which is owned by the very ultra-considered Chicago Tribune Company, of course.
Who do they endorse this morning for Congress? Do they endorse Elaine Wilhelm?
Oh, they endorse the anxious play Shaw. I just we have to did.
Oh, there's more that liberal media again. Yeah. Uh-huh. You should look so long.
Paranoid delusional crazy people probably eight to none of those bigger burgers.
26 after 11 at 560 W. Kim's.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio live 60s.
You. Hey.
Come on.
Ew.
Ew.
She'll be consistent with the little baby three times.
And you'll be excited for the reason it's gone.
The world next to us all know that this is life.
I guess it comes out to be a silly wife when I have you saw the radio.
Are you in the way?
This protection.
Mel.
I think so.
Maybe not.
You'll be coming in the moment.
Yeah.
Well, it got fixed.
It's about you.
The Mac.
You're speaking about Joe.
In New York this week, except from the book about Joe the Mac.
You're about more angry work up there in Hollywood.
All those balls that the most brought in there for Joe to sign and Joe of course was coughing up.
All right.
Good stuff.
Pretty interesting.
Almost as interesting as this fact we just got that says.
Did you hear the next week.
Tipper.
Go is going on the presidential campaign with her husband.
The preparation stuff she shaved all off all the hair from her private parts.
She'll now sit on the stage with him and have her legs pulled without any panties on her message.
Read my lips.
No more bush.
I guess we're not having much now.
560.
0560.
0560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
And I'm going to hasten to add that she makes me nauseous.
She makes me want to burst.
I'm not.
There'll be a good question.
Who's more obnoxious?
Hadasel or Tipper Gore?
Wow.
That's tight.
I mean, here's a paper on the Naples.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing, Mel?
Okay.
Listen, guys.
It's great to hear you show.
I've only been listening to you since you've been back on the publication.
Really?
Yes, sir.
I really enjoy your show.
Mel, I just...
Well, there's always belly aching about.
They take us off in that new one over there, but we get very, really...
They do.
We get very, very little responsive over there in a West Coast.
And you could put in a fumble.
What happens, Mel?
It was on 770.
At noon, they go to Fat Boy and...
And we don't know that.
And I can...
No, they don't go to Fat Boy and bar.
They go to where there's some stock show.
They don't have that one.
Yeah, that, that also.
And then they have a rush later on.
They make me vomit.
But anyway, Mel, thank God for you.
I have to go to 560 on the AM to get the rest of your show.
It comes in kind of crappy, but it still comes in.
Stay conscious of that.
Mel, real quick.
I just wanted to say, hey, it's the black-dum-what.
CHEPS BUSH has done for the state of Florida.
I mean, all these Republicans, okay?
Let me say something.
You're trying to get us Republican in their life.
Let's take one that's already in their run in our state.
And on the native, we're ready, by the way, Mel.
Love your show, and Mel.
Hey, man, I love those footballs.
It's a really great show, but...
Yeah.
Thanks for taking the call.
Love you.
Oh, and...
560, at 0560, I pushed you a call from the West Coast.
I have nobody to blame but myself.
We have nothing to fear but the West Coast itself.
Here's Papa, it'll be Chilla.
Mel, call me up.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of brush, we don't see enough bush and gore and Hollywood, do we?
Meaning...
Well, anyway, the other caller spoke up about Timothy only.
I finally sunk in.
Moving right along.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Anyway, I think in the new form, they had a look up from West Coast.
560, at 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
It'll be useful, real call.
We're searching, we're looking.
Here's the RAB, Chilla.
The RABOOCH.
Weaving.
I was going to say living and breathing, but I think that my game is an iteration.
Delray Beach, RASCAR.
21.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I want to thank the Dishy for keeping you in Miami.
I want to thank our certain Neil.
There's one thing that the country agree on.
The economy, and they don't like neither the candidates, right?
Uh-huh.
There's one thing I have confidence in Elgur.
He wants to be president.
I think he would want to be president for eight years.
And when he says he's going to wait for us, I believe that.
That's the one thing I believe for him.
Another thing, I would like to point out, do you think Baba could come out of campaign for him?
Really?
So what are you talking about?
Uh-clinton.
If he comes out in campaign for gold.
He's busy, uh, after the Chanuk with that smart ahead back in front.
He's busy running around doing stuff.
And God doesn't want him to be too close.
567-0560, 05-560.
I mean, Baba isn't too happy about that either.
I should mention.
05-60 on the 18th, he provides them one.
I'm not giving that West Coast number any more.
Now that's a call from Nipolls.
No marks.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Leo.
Yes, sir.
In the value of Joe Hattler's act, there's going to be a battle between the trial and commission and...
Oh, here I have a good one.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, oh.
And there is 51.
And me Schmitt, uh, in the bed to go.
And Joe, Joe Hattler's going to win.
Yeah.
And this one has...
Okay, which game is he starting?
Uh, he's...
I guess he's, um, back in the...
Well, that's okay, yeah.
Yeah, on duke.
Okay.
567-0560.
Oh, this is good.
This is really good.
I think that the casters got that woodpecker going again, you know?
I was thinking that the day when I was watching those crazy people driving them on that I was discussing yesterday.
I mean, driving like lunatics.
Hey, I mean, that's as usual crap, but like extra bad crap they were driving.
That's how...
I bet you that woodpecker's going again.
Because these people are acting nuts.
Here's Parkland, hello.
Yeah, that report about the Elgore came out of a place called Voter.com.
And last, yesterday, the report was that...
Well, yeah, that was a good action.
What up for the party talking about the...
Oh, that's a good action.
So, the action in the Elgore's pants on the cover room.
Well, let me ask you, who cares?
Well, you know, I just wanted to see...
I mean, I'd love to see somebody who can get it up, you know?
Yeah, be standing report.
But that was the Fox News Web Network, the report there.
No, that's serious.
You know, why?
Because all those Republicans, that's all they care about is penis, penis, penis.
They ought to change it to the penis news network.
Uh-huh.
Well, I think they got a bunch of tricks working there.
Fox, that's what I'm hearing.
Limeswood, Fox.
5.670, 5.60, 5.60.
This is the...
Today, so far, I've played the union.
I would say that you win the prize today.
When you win, this is the dumbest bunch of our goofballs I've ever heard in my life.
And you're picking on the 18 to 24-year-olds, they don't know.
You know, something I think that they're the ones who's ought to be allowed to vote.
Because the less they know, maybe the less they need, the less they are.
Now, you won, yeah.
What really is this?
If we're going to get the condo blown out, you know, all those old farts in the condo, yeah.
That's the promolar green toothed Cuban.
Those are the people who can run both.
That's why I'm pretty similar to the legal making agent in Fort Lauderdale's going to be 80.
And it's only going to be for like, fun juice.
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, couple of things.
In the August 14th edition of the New Republic.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Bush said that he will not appoint any openly gay member, any openly gay person.
To his cabinet.
He also approves.
Well, do you think the public is concerned about that?
He also approves of anti-satami laws in Texas.
Right.
The Birmingham news on October 14th reported that 10 Vietnam veterans are offering $1,000 to anyone with proof that Bush served in the Alabama National Guard for that year.
He never showed up here.
He was a, he was a raw.
He just didn't show up.
Right.
And they're offering a bounty to anyone who can prove that he should, he did show up.
A poll came out today that goes showing gore up in Florida by 2.4745.
The Gallup poll that you cited earlier in your program.
Yes.
If you voted their website, gallup.com, and look at the, the internal of that poll.
It is weighted towards the Republicans.
The equal number of, equal percentage of Democrats are Republicans voting for the respect of candidates.
And there's just a few percentage points difference between the independence.
40 to 36.
So it's really, totally Republican.
More Republican.
More Republican.
Because it's a Gallup poll.
I've been saying that right from the beginning.
Gallup, George Gallup, I'm sure, is dead by now.
But he was a notorious Republican sympathizer.
And his polling organization is always leaning to the right.
And still does.
Well, it's amazing how CBS, as the latest yesterday says,
that their poll shows that gore's ahead 43 to 42 points.
And electoral college is 3, a pro points ahead.
And CNN, all of a sudden, I don't know where the poll keeps bouncing.
And all of a sudden yesterday, I don't know where it's 10 points ahead for Bush.
Nobody believes that.
And even the Bush people don't believe that.
Well, the Zodby voters, MSNBC tracking poll, which came out today,
shows it's dead even rich.
4.440 points.
That is absolutely correct.
And what I said before, what they're trying to do is to scare off the graces.
So they've acted Bush's ahead 12.
And we've been talking about this last night.
If people think that Bush's way ahead, it's going to be a landslide.
Why bother to vote?
That's because that's what they're trying to play.
They want to discourage Democratic voters.
Well, I'm 10 times now because I'm 10.
Well, I'm voting 20 times.
All right.
Here they are.
Five, this and the right wing, Graham.
I mean, 5.670560, 0.560.
Look at that poll.
I don't want to.
Oh, George can be upset.
Well, he doesn't take it personally.
He's not one of them.
They think it's a turn code anymore.
I didn't get to do it.
Communities that, communists that, communists that, they're not going.
What is the 166 votes?
Cuban, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most?
Generally speaking, speaking.
Cuban 78, New Yorker 34, senior citizens, 17.
Well, they got off easy.
African-American 13, red next 12, French-Canadian 10, Haitians through, and Jamaican still.
You like that?
Jamaicans who love them.
You're lying.
Speaking of the dolphins, always those Josephs talked to Yenko Green.
The problem is you're not talking to yourself.
You barely say two words to him and you call me.
You're one whole hour of the hottest talk on radio.
But Dr. Isan.
Master Bates, okay?
Okay.
And when they master Bates, you call me back in a couple of weeks.
Dr. Visco.
Now, are you running in with Dr. Visco?
And how many?
Dr. Visco?
Yes, yeah.
I'm bleeding.
I'm bleeding.
I'm bleeding.
I'm bleeding.
I'm not that kind of doctor.
Are you familiar with Dr. Dean?
Yes.
You should be calling Dr. Dean's show.
We could help you out with that.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So do that.
Listen.
Go and run her.
Master Bates.
Okay.
All right.
Dr. Visco.
Weekdays at noon.
Run 45 at 560 W.
If you ever got a high goal, go get two.
We got two.
But they brought that show.
With Hank between five and six.
Good job, he sits across.
Panthers at the Ablands.
Pretty may 30 to give another clock tonight.
As the Panthers desperately seek to win
their first victory of the season.
And I do mean desperate.
I don't want to say that the Murray boys might be getting
working a little bit paranoid.
You know this?
Okay.
But that's going to be a tough ass time without the night.
Here's a hate facts from...
This is a new fake name.
Bill Parker reminding me of the one we had there the day.
Hate facts.
It's a beautiful thing to see.
When I listen to all the levels running scared.
I'm glad to hear that it's a beautiful thing.
Listening to the show of the Parker aka whatever you're
learning.
Running scared at the prospect of decency and morality occupying
the White House instead of sleeves.
See, I always look at guys cocaused in the drunks as decent.
Court court.
More guys.
That's what I always thought about.
Plus guys whose daddy's you know read my lips,
no new taxes.
I was sleeping in the cabin, and meeting their rancher,
and learning nothing about it.
All of those wise.
That's a mention wise about the patient's pillow,
rights in Texas.
And he just told again the other night for the eight-minute time.
I'm also sure you're glad you can almost make a fist with your
hand.
That means you can resume wrapping it around that little prick of
yours between trips and to them where we get service by the
young boys.
Or first of all Bill, I hate to both news here.
It's the wrong hand.
That's number one.
And number two, what time does that start?
And what do I need him?
5.670560.
Pound 5.670.
See exactly what you expect.
You're all the same, baby.
You're all the same.
You're all cut out of the same cloth.
You're a bunch of goody-touchies.
I probably Bill right now is getting serious by young boys.
I wish his daddy was or your young girls are both.
Maybe Bill was down there in that big,
a horrible thing they had in Kendall.
Maybe Bill's a cop, what do you say?
I'm surprised me.
Maybe Bill would just like to cop a few.
Here's Delray Beach.
Yes, sir?
Neil.
Yes, I am.
How are you today?
OK.
In regards to the Beasley watch, what's the stock at now?
But the last time I checked it was hovering right around.
Yeah.
OK, when he gets to 10, can they get a new radio signal?
Because I can't even hear you in my office anymore.
You want to hear?
Yeah, go ahead.
How was that?
See if I do that during the show then maybe you'll feel like, you know, you're not seated that way.
I know.
I wanted to...
Yeah, signal starts.
Can you imagine if this show was on FM?
We'd have a 30-show if we were on FM.
We'd have a 90-show.
Well, it starts out strong and then it goes weak.
I guess it depends on the weather.
Yeah, we'll meet soon.
But the weather is the same.
I was calling up.
You see, when you saw the big one, that guy asked him about the death penalty.
Yeah.
I think that turned it for him.
That's when he got all nervous that these people can ask real questions.
And then all of a sudden he had to come up with an answer.
And he didn't even answer.
How come...
How come Roy didn't come back and said that instead of wumping out like he so often does,
and while I'm all for the death penalty too, and I'll just cry because he's terrified to do another Michael Ducakis,
why didn't he point out the fact that he didn't execute?
They're not executing three as the governor had said in the previous debate.
They're executing two of the three and I'd lynching in Texas.
Another lie by George W.
Yeah, and the thing that gets me is that I don't know who's advising him,
but that's what I'm seeing.
I'm seeing all these inconsistencies, the man hasn't given a press conference and Bush hasn't given a press conference in over a month.
He's not answering any questions because if he answers any questions,
people are going to see that he's stupid.
And...
How long have you answered this walker?
I'm saying, he's stupid by now.
How long it makes you think they're ever going to see it?
I don't know, I don't know.
But anyway, sooner they get picked up to 10,
let me know so I can start listening to you again.
I'm either going to put me on hold forever.
You hear right now.
Okay.
Okay, we'll let you know what I...
Exhale.
Not soon.
Here's some more quotes from the Great In the Light.
George W.
He says, I believe one, an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy,
but that could change.
It's an irreversible trend, but that could change.
I have made good judgments in the past.
I have made good judgments in the future.
The future will be better tomorrow.
We're going to have the best educated American pupil in the world.
To Sam Donaldson on June 17, 1993,
I stand by all of the statements that I've made.
I am not part of the problem.
I'm a Republican.
And here is the one really profound.
I want you to just grab the edgy or seat,
grab your thing, whatever you got.
I'm missing very close to it because it doesn't get too much more profound in this.
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
Oh my, let's hear it for George W.
5.6705 60, prompt 5.60.
On the 18th, T.M. Verizon Wireless One, how's our poll coming?
193 votes.
Generally, which group of people in South Florida bug you the most?
Cubans 90.
Wow.
Can I be right at this?
Yes, please.
The ID.
New Yorker 38.
Senior citizens 21.
African American 13.
Rednext 12.
French Canadians 12.
Haitians 6.
Oh no, look at that.
Jamaica.
Yeah, one.
One.
One.
There's one guy in the movie this week, a weekend.
I'll tell you that.
Maybe he's got some Colombian connection.
Let me turn his way to Amsterdam.
Here's the citation.
Hello.
Here's gay.
Oh, how weak.
How boring.
Here's Sunrise.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
And you can give me a hint if you don't want to come out right and say it.
What do you think would happen to the governor last week?
Well, I think that, but I think he died in the plane crash.
5.6705 60, prompt 5.60 on the 18th and T.M. Verizon Wireless One.
Out of town is open and that's probably just as well.
I can tell.
We had from that drunken sailor over there in Naples.
877785.
What's your say?
He's perfect.
That guy that called before with all the respect to the people listening on the West Coast.
He is the West Coast.
That guy from Naples that called before the Mugwump, the Inquiry, Mugwump.
That sets the West Coast.
How often have you ever been over there?
I mean, you know, at the time we went to Tampa for a week.
Remember that?
And they were all under the orange and purple hair and the, you know, one finger in their nose
and one in their rectum.
That's the West Coast of Florida.
And you know something with thank you very much.
First of all, forget whether you're not seeing Sheriff, which shows that you're not as bad as we thought you were.
And maybe a little more politically stupid and a lot of old thoughts over here.
And number two, well, thank you for being such a bunch of Mugwump.
It makes us feel a bit about ourselves over here because this ain't so great.
That big penis, you know, that's why some of these wet windows come down here.
Because like I said before, the wet windows are obsessed with penis.
Oh, God.
In fact, when John penis left there, I, from our sales department, they were forming at the moment.
For some more.
Squared, squared.
They were forming.
North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Could you go?
I want to talk to you about the tax cut that George W. used to propose.
You believe that Willie is going to give those people a tax cut?
Yes.
I mean, he can't do it.
A Congress will have to be partners in crime.
And of course, if you have a Republican Congress, then that's when they can sort the truth.
Well, I think Apple doesn't go far from the tree.
I don't think he will do it.
And if he's going to do it, he's not going to do it the way he's really talking about.
Yeah.
His buying votes and all those thickness people.
He hasn't had to buy those votes because first of all, they also rich or mostly have already
voted for him anyway.
Well, he's making a bigger issue in our goal regarding the middle class people, you know.
Yeah.
He's catching them by telling them, you know, I'm going to give you the tax cut.
I'm going to give you so much money.
He's getting 60 cents a day and then lower class, the very other one since today.
That's pretty heavy duty.
Well, I mean, I mean, I want to win.
And once a week to pull people to buy three quarters of a diet soda.
That's right.
I agree with you, Neil.
Keep going.
Okay.
Hope there are several times, pal.
Seven or eight.
We'll show those back to the thing you do.
And I thank the guy that called before about the MSNBC, the real pool.
Don't, I'm telling you right now, don't be swayed.
Don't be.
And now we understand why fewer and fewer people are watching CNN because it's a bunch of propaganda.
Other than Bill Press, who coincidentally was out in LA not on the show last night,
which he should have been on there.
Other than him, naming one other liberal, please don't tell me that silly guy with glasses.
What's his name that the comic, the one that plays the piano,
it seems to use the Tom Lear?
Yeah, and I'm talking about that.
They had him on their way, Valet.
No, he does not.
Well, I guess no, he does.
Like, I think I got pulled up over the pool head seat down on which he is.
Mr. censorship.
I can't take his name.
Six years of real credit.
He hasn't said anything funny in his life this guy.
And they're using him to be the liberal.
It's a counterpart, no, they only got Bob.
No, back on 50 different shows on that guy, damn channel.
You're about to face this down there on CNN.
And of course, the only other july guy down there is a liberal.
Who still could be sucking everybody's ass to really not understand anything,
including Ross Probe, who he tried to force on here four years ago and eight years ago.
In fact, it was pretty interesting because he was trying to get him in there.
Yeah, times a week.
Yeah, which is pretty hard on the show, but in those days,
there's only on five times a week.
Yeah, times of a week.
Still couldn't get him in there.
Nice going, Larry.
Tony, ass sucker.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
I think I'm living in a parallel universe.
Yes.
I mean, I don't think I'm in my out time with David yet.
But my perspective, what are they calling?
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
My suggestions of what I see.
For example, if I just turned down the sound and watched the debate,
I would have seen a man who looks presidential.
And I would have seen another man who looks like he should be running for students.
A man who looks like a presidential, which one was that?
It was a happy guest.
I didn't see anybody look presidential.
Well, let me just give you the other side of it.
That's all relevant, of course.
And one who looks like he should be running for the president of his fraternity.
How do you do people like him?
But here's what's good.
Maybe this is why I think I'm living in a parallel universe.
They did an internal call.
And in September, 40% of the people said the economy, foreign policy, and issues matters.
This black poll in our server, this is a bad part of the internet, says that 45% of the people
call said moral character and leadership.
Yeah.
I'm sorry that said this is why I was talking about it.
He's the one who needs the whole thing.
He's the leader, right?
Well, most Americans can relate to a good drunk.
5670560, pop 560 on the AT&T and realize the world was fine.
Out of town, we're not giving that number because you're going to that super-sauction anyway on the West Coast.
And if you're upset that I said you a bunch of mudgulms, too bad.
Now, we got some nice people over there, half a dozen, 20 or 30.
10.
Hey, pizza off is a plagiar, I said the other day I'll say it again.
And speaking of pizza off before I go into the big studio here about why it's so great,
how come Jeff Cohen, uh, where is he?
What's the story with him?
Is he going to Amsterdam or not?
Oh, I don't know.
He's not going.
I forgot he answered that a long time ago and I forgot the question.
He's calling the weekend.
What was the lighting?
I can see these messages.
You're too busy abusing the Jews and those goddamn fake guest years and you don't tell me the West.
I have to cancel those reservations.
Or he called me right in the middle of the night, like on Saturday night or something.
Well, maybe he was at a busher, too, huh?
I was baked off my ass.
I hear he's in the bush, but anyway, I remember he said no.
430-0550-W-Q-A-M-I-H-E-Port Lauderdale, a beastly, broadcast group safe-head, W-Q-A-M-D-D-A-M.com.
Or a world-fuel Roger Scott.
We want to go now to your closing statements, Governor Bush's first.
Thank you, Jim.
What I care about is failure.
And you know what?
It can happen in America with the wide-cannon leadership.
Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors.
Can I comment on that?
I would sign a law banning that procedure.
If I'm entrusted with the presidency, here are the choices that I will make.
I'll cut healthcare, prescription drugs, education, and national defense, put our budget into deficit, raise interest rates.
I can't let the man continue with it.
I believe that Governor Bush is a national ass.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm just going to stand up here and say that, that's what Governor Bush is.
I'm not President and Goural.
Okay, 12.02.05.60 W-Q-A-M.
Here's the facts.
Don't lose your rights, both for the first amendment interest on November 7, 2000, from the coalition for freedom of speech.
It says, your vote can help stop censorship.
Your right to purchase or rent an entertainment or video product to access it on the website.
And the revisited ult might comes with a greatly affected by this year's election.
I do like that.
Absolutely correct.
Both for candidates who support the first amendment with more liberal views on his matters.
That's right.
As much as a lot of you don't like it out there, this is the liberal freaking crowd.
Okay? We're making a comeback.
Kiss my ass if you don't like it.
Speaking of kiss.
Grab a camera, picks up a nun.
She gets into the cab and the camera ever won't stop staring at her.
Chance and why he's staring, he replies, I have a question to ask you but I don't want to offend you.
Chance is my dear son, you can't offend me when he was old as I am and have been a nun as long as I have.
You get a chance to see him here just about everything.
I'm sure that there's nothing you could say or ask that I would find offensive.
Well, I've always had a fantasy to have a nun kiss me.
He says, she responds, well let's see what we can do about that.
Number one, you have to be single.
Number two, you must be Catholic.
The cab driver is very excited and says, yes, I'm single.
I'm Catholic too.
The nun says, okay, we'll pull into the next alley.
He does the nun fulfills this fantasy.
But when they get back on the road, the cab driver starts crying.
My dear child said, then why are you crying?
Forgive me sister but I've sinned, I lied, I must confess I'm married and I'm Jewish.
The nun says, that's okay.
I'm on the way to Halloween party and my name is Kevin.
Cap, I give that about an eight and a half on a scale of ten.
Oh!
What's up, Kevin?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Oh, that was a really good show.
Not bad, yeah.
But I'm not going to be able to vote thanks to some obscure law.
I just call the voter registration and said, I need to get a new voting card.
I'll move out of state here.
Oh, too late.
And they said, October 10th was the cutoff time.
That's correct, yeah.
Well, not an obscure law, I think that's the law.
That's the deadline.
Why?
Marker, that's the way it is because they want to make a cutoff of people to vote.
Not necessarily, how come we have Groundhog Day in Columbus Day and Presidents Day, all these
national holidays and these marginal days and how come on election day people have to go
to work and you want to know why, because they don't want everybody to vote.
Well, I can believe it now because a lot of people wait for the last minute to vote and why
shouldn't they have a register up until I vote like the day before?
Absolutely correct.
Doesn't make any sense.
Now, go ahead and vote anyway.
Tell them I said it's okay.
I think I will.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye.
Yeah, what kind of crap is that we have, you know, national holidays, everybody's off
from school unlike James Van Buren, Martin Van Buren's birthday and all this other crap.
What number president was Martin Van Buren, George?
Oh, it's rough.
I used to be able to recite it in order.
Eight.
But then I started smoking dope.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and maybe the reason that we had the haste commissioners because Ruffford
would be hastily rushing at 1876, maybe that was the problem.
And then they asked one of the talking heads on CNN before, well could that happen again?
There's stuff, oh no, absolutely not.
Yes, so full of crap.
It's coming out of your ears, man.
Very easily, of course, this is one of these guys could win the popular vote and they'll
lose in the electoral college.
I think the electoral college might be Yale.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
from the box at 25, which he lifted the other 15, and these are the moniker ones, they're big enough you could use them for a guy then my elephant depository.
Exactly, exactly.
Which probably is what Frank is doing with them because he's all ass.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560, Q8F.
It's Friday, you first, please.
Everybody's taking a good skill now.
No more baby, say those they love all show.
Yes, there's something inside of them making you feel now.
No more baby, say those they love all show.
No, not your little little little.
You just walk on a big, little, little, little, little.
You come out, come out, say these little, little, little, little, little.
You got the fetus huggers are lining up, they're just repeating a piece now.
I'm seeing them, they show yesterday because they want to keep propagandizing 24 hours a day about the cat legs.
So usually they are starting democratic voters, but first of all, many of them are going to be defecting and voting for W because of a vasha.
There you go.
The fetus huggers.
So when you generally look at the ultra-rich and intolerant religious nuts, that's the bush cloud.
Now if that's what you are, you can do one of those categories.
If you're like a multi-millionaire or you're an intolerant religious ass, or I hate monger, there's your man, just like your grosser doing right into the base.
There he is.
Dumbled with out the trunk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Mobile and Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Leo, yes sir.
Hey, I appreciate what you're showing everything.
I have like what you say all the time.
Although I don't agree with you, always.
But I just want to weigh in on the taxes idea, first of all, those neither of those guys that I want to vote for.
That's actually they both suck that is right.
That's for sure.
But under taxes, the one thing that I do know is the money that goes to Washington, the more ever that goes to Washington, the more waste and the more corruption that there is.
And if we can get a little bit more back in our pockets, that's fine.
And so the two numbers that stick out for me, first of all, as far as the rich.
No, what else is going?
You've been considered in the rich and almost on the ultra rich.
Sir, I don't vote for selfish reasons financially.
That's not a way to cast your vote.
If that's the thing that I would have raised you, then I do that.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
But if you want a guy who's going to let his friends in big business rape the public, say it again, the filth moist tobacco companies, the number one contributor to the Bush campaign,
number three contributors, the National Rifle Association, and number four, the pharmaceutical companies.
If you want big business to continue raping, you're talking about putting more money back into the public.
Who's he kidding?
They're going to be raping the public, not to mention pruning the environment and doing whatever big business wants to do.
He's going to give him a free ride.
I'm not voting for Bush either, but all I'm talking is out.
What are you talking about?
No, on the taxes point.
I think that, at least in his tax plan, some of the money comes back to the people.
And as they, as they, as they, they want to raise that on serious evening news, a non-partisan economic group, a liberal study on both plans, and Bush's plan, if he would have liked it, which would never happen.
But if he did, would put us back in a deficit again.
They worked for eight years to get us out of debt, and now he's put us back in the red again.
First of all, both of it has political readiness to it all over it.
I mean, not a mergant to do that.
You're not listening to what I just said, are you?
You're not listening to a word that I'm telling.
I'm listening to you, but I don't agree with you.
I just said, what I just said isn't something to agree or disagree on, it's a fact.
It's not a fact.
Okay, thank you very much.
It's not a fact.
It's a fuzzy math again, numbers, fuzzy numbers.
Well, I think fuzzy was George your W. Sir, do.
Yeah, warm and fuzzy.
Haha.
Five, say, this is the kind of guy that, yeah, I mean, how do you deal with a guy like this?
I'm trying to have a discussion. He didn't have a good wedding watch, and say what he wants.
I'm giving him plenty of time.
But it's not a fact.
But the fact is whatever this guy thinks, that's the fact.
I didn't say that the girl was giving 100% accurate, that he's exaggerating too, because like we said,
that's one of his specialties is his graduation.
But at least his plan, if enacted, would leave a surplus.
This is, puts his head deficit again.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, good answer.
5.670560, count 5 is the even Richard Dawson never heard such a good answer.
Here's a mobile implantation, hello.
Mobile implantation.
Okay, must have died.
Here's a lady, mobile and western, hello.
Hi, me up.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, to meet you.
The only thing scarier than Halloween is the fact that one week later, Satan could get elected.
And I've been listening to you from a fairly new listener.
And I don't know whether you brought this point up or not.
But did you know that how pushed flagged about the N&D, someone who's getting on or flying fighter planes or whatever the hell it was, he did?
Did you know that when he applied in Texas to be in the reserve or the national guard?
Yes.
Yes, there was a waiting list of 100,000, because nobody wanted to go to Vietnam and when one is still in less.
Right.
And he got accepted the same day that he applied, this is fact.
And on top of that, once he got in, he got a special, I forget what they call at the time for.
But he, without going to officers candidate school, it's kind of like getting knighted, like he became an officer.
And the planes that he flew were planes that were already obsolete, that there was no chance he could ever go to Vietnam.
And he flagged about flying fighter planes.
I mean, maybe it's not that he's sitting all of that aside and we're always here in that one year in Alabama, he was supposed to be there.
Where was he and everybody who was there says that he never showed up.
Yeah, he said.
I think he might be safe.
Okay, well, I knew he's horned anyway.
5.6705.60, 05.60 on the 18th, he and Verizon were a slime.
But he's going to bring honesty integrity back.
I mean, he never took all that drink and ensnorton and he did show up for that year, they just forgot, you know, he forgot him on because he was forgettable.
Honesty and integrity, my fat ass read my lips no more brush.
5.6705.60, 05.60 got four minute open lines here hour and 40 minutes to go.
Can we make it through the rest of this day?
Oh, we get to a clock with his dead head crowd.
Oh, I don't think so.
I really have my doubts.
You couldn't get these back to drop their ass for a lot of money.
Maybe the money part, you know, don't be so stupid.
Now they're more than that.
Not even worth their while.
Here's a mobile in the red one, so.
Hey, the only faithful listener and I rarely call you because I grew up with you so much.
Just a few things.
You mentioned earlier about the people wanting to have Clinton help go out.
There's an article today and today's GSA.
Today were the demonstrators pushing to get Clinton to give go her hand.
So that's going on right now.
I just barely called a few minutes of yesterday.
Yes, he's been sure it was on a show on the MSNBC show.
He was talking to you about how it's kept in the mall, the America's up in Minnesota.
And one of the polls that were not old, one of the facts that he stated was that.
The number of people running for office always increases the number of people who go out to vote.
They had a chart showing that the year that Ross Perot was running, the polls, I mean, they're not the polls,
but the people who vote were just unbelievable how much higher the more candidates there are to run.
How many more people will go to the polls to vote?
That's true.
That's true this year.
No, well, except that there was only a good light throughout that.
He was talking in relation to the number of people who were also able to see him on debate.
Because there's only how the Republicans have never had some on the debate.
Yeah, but the fact is that Perot was, he was pouring double digits in the polls back then.
That's why he got him in on the debate because they couldn't keep him up and they're just at the gauge and to do it.
The leader has never pulled more than 4% and Buchanan is just barely hanging on like 1% or less.
In addition to which, if you're going to have an hour and a half to debate, as fast as those things went by this time,
and as far as most of the questions were, can you imagine having the leader, Andrew Buchanan,
I mean, you would be doing anything for these guys.
That would be true because the people who were talking about that,
I guess what Dintra was trying to say was that they need to change the rules a lot,
the number of people on the debate and stuff like that.
We just want him to walk in and take over, that's all, so we like.
And instead of not, but not least, I'm a little familiar with the oil industry.
A lot of people don't realize what the bush thing.
The crude oil, there's different kinds of crude oil.
And the crude oil that comes out of the oil, that's where he's wanting to drill out,
is not an oil that would be using the United States.
There's already crude oil being pumped out of Alaska and it's being sold to Japan.
And that's the fact, and what he's trying to do is, yes, we all know, as we think,
is to help the oil companies out to sell the crude oil.
Now there would be some natural gas that's come out of Alaska, but that's it.
The crude oil itself is not something that would be used here in the States.
Well, they don't have any crude oil then, W, don't forget it.
That's the fact.
And have a look.
Yeah, let's see if George W. We could have been there and he can pollute the whole country
as bad as he'd done in Houston here the last eight years.
That ought to be nice.
Anybody see that thing on the news last night?
Oh, well, you ought to be watching instead of going to watch him,
and watching Merid with children, and all those other stupid oil reruns.
Christ.
How do these people watch?
Where is their brand?
I'm going to say it again for the eight-minute time today.
25% of 18 to 20.
You're a kid. 18 to 24.
And some of you people out there.
18 to 24-year-olds.
Although at least the one who lives in the business show, the handful of them,
they know the God, their names because they keep hearing them over and over again.
And probably sick of it and outlisten right now.
Too bad.
25% can name both presidential candidates.
And 70% couldn't name both vice presidential candidates,
according to a CDS, M3D, Freakin' Pull,
taken a couple of days ago.
You know how embarrassing it is?
You know how stupid we are compared to the rest of the figure world?
I mean, in the rest of the figure world, they actually not only understand about their own power,
but their own whatever is going on socially,
but they understand about what's working like in Europe.
They can tell you about what's going on all the other countries.
We've got a guy running for president here,
but can't even tell you the guy named the Prime Minister of Canada.
Much for his Pakistan.
Can't find Kosovo on the map.
And admits it.
Probably admits it.
Never says, yeah, that's not man.
He says, dumb as we are.
Jesus Christ.
It's one thing to be dumb.
When they say, you know what's his bliss, I guess that there's a frighteningly large number of people in this country who are dumb.
And they're pretty happy about it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
There.
And of course you do be shows.
You'll never be able to believe that.
5.670560.560 on the 1810.
And back that guy from Naples before the one in the phone booth,
when I'd bottle up in vector and whatever the hell it was, he's in.
That's your middle American guy, like those people who was focused, focused, focused groups.
Well, I think that bush guy.
And what's that guy's name?
The bore.
What's the name?
They, I don't know, they're both full of crap.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you going?
Hey, I don't mean to take you out to Seville here, but I had a question about the Seville series.
Yeah, call up part of the sport shows.
And that's about the subway series.
Okay, you goofball.
I'm more than happy to change the subject, but there is no subject.
I'm sure it's whatever he wanted to talk about, but not baseball.
Not the Goddamn sports nerd crap.
You got 20 hours the rest of the day.
That's about the stupid, frickin subway series.
And I heard Hank talking the other day about Don Larsen and the perfect game.
I was home from school watching the Goddamn last seven days of that perfect game.
I was up on it.
I want to actually the last part of that game.
I moved my chair right up in front of the TV set and wound up packingly standing on the chair.
I was sort of said, watching Yogi Berra take that last pitch.
They'll make a call to the strike.
And Yogi went out there and hop up into Don Larsen's arms.
Oh, sorry, shouldn't it so bad?
And anybody who would compare what's going on in any kind of professional sport today,
with back before expansion, has got to be doing more drugs than these guys who are on steroids,
read a great column in the LA Times about that coming back from Vegas about steroids.
See, it's not just a juice that baseball has caused my leaves to increase so much.
It's steroid.
There you go.
I was off the knee.
Yeah.
And of course, the Bud Light here wanted to do nothing about it.
He's just ignorant because he thinks it fits right in.
Silent is golden.
Compare these.
My head is like people all Patrick Fraggie, both Terry Schach's record.
And most of them, yeah, big deal.
Terry Schach, like every one of his wins in his career, was against the original 16s
before all of his expansion.
Patrick Fraggie, in the game, he's played me in HL.
He's been post-expagio.
He has the much aggro, he seems worth a bit.
Oh, yeah, but he just broke that record.
Yeah, great.
I really, I'm sorry for young people who never realized what professional sports used to be,
before we had teams in the table in New York and God damn us connected.
And we do, he teams in his salinity and flushing Michigan,
former Francis over here.
21st half, no, the 5th, 16th, the other, QA.
And it puts the lotion in the basket.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in going through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if it's from Tom Lee Talk, and the lip augmentation cosmetic device,
surgery, face theft, all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And you're wondering, what do you like to share with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, it can be done, but then it would be a way.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Uh-huh.
Raise the surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the limbs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction with XR on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, I want to see you first, and then if I'm lucky, naturally we can tell you that won't see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay, um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Do you want to call me back?
Yeah.
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I've got my skin suit and your body goes, you know.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I'll talk to you in a bit.
Okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Uh, $133.00 at 5.50.00 every 2 o'clock a.m.
So what was this point?
Uh, how's that pericom, then?
Generally rich group of people in South Florida bug you the most
Children's 112 boy any shafes will be here. I'm proud of she were here right now. It was human human
What about however, I know Tom shafers still uh dead
Tom shafers dead
Jerry richner
dead
Anyway human's 112 44 percent but it is not even a contest. It's a runaway
New Yorkers 47 18 and a half percent seeing if seven twenty seven
A way to move now it's getting re done here one other place is reloading
Like I said sooner season 28 10.9 percent five Canadians 20 7.8 percent
Afro-Cruitt Americans 19 only 7 and a half percent redneck 17 5.6 percent
Haitians with 10 3.9 percent and even though they're not completely shut off
They're still evidently the most the web group in other South Florida because of the good read
You're making to really got to to make a diva pier and that's it
Another fascinating pool who excursibly on the larger show who also got such a roof mind to comp us crap like that
Well, I know what this town's all about
If we were to ask the poor like well, let's go up the like most
So probably we'd have to put a space on there for none of the above because we'll win hands down or hands up like you're back
Here's the call from Fort Myers. Hello
Hey, we'll do that for now. Yes sir
Listen, I'm a lifelong registered Democrat. Maybe you can answer a couple questions. I'll give it my best shot
Is you in George w? Does that stand for wealth week? Yeah, oh well
Week okay, that answers one question and me. Oh, I mean, I don't know what to do. I mean I can't vote for Bush
I mean this guy I want to go vote to it three times for boy. Just hold your nose and do it
Okay, and if we're gonna have another category, you know, how about old people that can't drive
Okay, okay, I was holding those get that nose clip baby. Okay
There you go. We had a call from Fort Myers. There's a guy
He didn't know what to do and I told him what we said. Okay, nobody said okay. Yeah
I like that
Anybody also decided just call me. I'll tell you exactly where to go and what to do
Especially the way to go part five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight. I mean
This is gonna be close. Don't get sucked in by that CNN thing. I can't repeat it often enough. They're trying to
Do
That's what they're trying to do
They're trying to horseback. I go yeah, whatever that's what of those Yahoo. So it on here
Here's cool gables. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay
They should you know, I one thing I gotta tell you. I love these Paul Harvey S sort of mid-diatribe
Segways you do into your commercials and
You know, you just don't miss a beat. Oh, it gives me a good laugh when I think I'm about to hear some more
More anger spewing from you and then suddenly I'm hearing something about it
Angry me
You must be awesome. We're on showman. We have here something about pop it. Oh beach life attraction
That was a great that allosion of the basket. I'm gonna be suction. Oh, yeah
That had me going so
Couple of things
Classification last night on David Letterman. Did you hear it? It puts the large in the
Here what's it? I don't know David Letterman. He didn't always have life. I blew it push. She had pushed on their last
Oh, there was show and clips of that before but with the audio down bank guy. Oh, he is a nin compope
And he gets on there and one thing he class I do tried to clarify because I thought Letterman gave him a pretty good hard time
He gave me a hard time. Yeah, he asked him a lot of questions about the environment and brought up the stuff about Houston and taxes
Yeah, brought up the right thing right away
It basically just said to me. No, what are you trying to do? He said I heard a new story come out a week ago
I guess it was a joke is this how he starts off the question
He says I assume it must have been a joke and had to have been he goes you're gonna
You're gonna go up to our beautiful Alaska and start trying to bring trucks in there in drill for oil
And Bush does laugh and then it says yeah, of course, you know
That's something that we are gonna look into and he says the current administration is already doing this
This is not something new and he said him we're actually going after natural gas up there and burns
And all this other garbage
So he tried back to see if he knew what he was talking about but then he brought up the the debt helping
And he says how you know let him start saying come very uncomfortable with the death penalty
Yeah, yeah, yeah, how do you feel about that?
Basically regurgitates the response he gave to that black
The question of the big guy is not proud of it, but you know, I'm not gonna seem I can do right
I'm not told in the last night. Yeah, yeah, well, you know
I'm sitting there listening like thinking first of all
Isn't it doesn't make any sense to this guy whatsoever to sort of like send deflect in a political way most politicians would have said
Well, my opponent also supports it and then gone through a whole other explanation
And steady starts talking again about how he's upholding the laws and then letterman says now how many states have the death penalty?
Bush didn't know the answer
The governor of Texas. Yeah, he doesn't know out of 50 states how many other states
There's a guy who can't find cursive on the map and it's part of it. You expect him to know things like that
It was when he's typing with numbers. He's got that fuzzy math problem
Okay, I can't even bully. I didn't see the show with George so much better the best part of the show was when he asked him a real question
He got stuck on he just took a little bit and said your game. No
I'm hearing anyway, I could not even believe I can't believe it that it's tied. It's just a bottle
I think it's the local line by it's shocking. So
Anyway, I hope that Clinton if it does if they think it's gonna help go
I hope he starts standing by the guy because he said nothing up to this point release that he's all the cars is yet
I got a good Clinton joke for you. I'll let you go. Okay. Thanks five six seven oh five 60 pound for oh, what's he gonna do?
This is your little two jokes only on the facts five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and 10 for eyes
The wireless line out of town. We actually had a call from four buyers
Great, but we should better than the guy from Naples that drunken guy started a strong upside down in the phone booth
8777
785
62 or what am I giving that number out for we can get calls from more than just four buyers
Whatever happen all those people used to come up. Maybe that guy no walking will call back again
Once can tell us about Hillary Clinton being a communist
8777
785
6345
I mean every every uh, then a clap
Female who got to be a communist right and Richard
Maxine water
Swallow Clinton you bet how about patch filter she was a yeah, there's no other one
She was a babbling idiot is what she was 20 before one at five 60 wq way
But Neil Roger show sports radio five 60s
Q a I want to bang in the breath
No from Washington the McLaughlin group featuring Elinor Cliffs
Jack Jamal and sitting in for Pat Buchanan New York Giant Cheeky Barber now ears John McLaughlin
You on
George W rings or vault
Elinor Cliffs while gentlemen is that wrong?
Jack come on. Well, that's not an easy choice
Kiki Barber I'm gonna have to say to book wrong
Atrolanza for exercise
Intuitous next issue
Al Gore favorite Broadway show bringing the noise bringing the punk off cast
I think it's well
Well, that's a very difficult choice
Kiki Barber I'm gonna have to say right not a choice
We need to keep all the you gave it in to last time I wasn't a choice wrong
Correct response
He loves them next issue the cast of big brother should be murdered
How
You would be wrong
Dynamite wrong Kiki Barber. I don't think they should be
Wrong
Boys importing by by now the fact that you find it so funny and you've never seen that show now somebody calls there was on nine o'clock tonight
Yeah, you you must be the tape it or watch it because when you watch it and haven't heard this 400 times
Which I'm gonna play at least three thousand times a day
You have to have the pens on you what you're paying. I'm serious because it's done. It's perfect
I mean it's absolutely perfect and of course at the end of the show
He's like in the middle of a sentence timer. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
It's the best Kiki Barber
Beautiful good work guys. That's how crazy guys up in where's it's connected in a robbery mode earlier
Here's South Miami. Oh
South Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, did you guys see I'm another 40 hours last night? No, I did not
They were talking about women from their Middle Eastern countries when they bring shame to the family
One girl's you had got late and they took a considerable shame to the family right that's correct
Now I didn't see it but I've seen that before
Yeah, I'm out of theory. Okay. Isn't that great
There you go. I wish my case is on baby. There is Islam. How's the furicon? You know how come I didn't tell you that the other day
What is that under?
Sorry, Cod
Genghis Khan
So
Is that way next to fur faucet?
writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding
Dear white folk
Couple of things you ought to know
When I'm born I'm black
When I grow up I'm black
When I get sick I'm black
When I go out in the sun I'm black
When I go out in the cold
I'm black
When I get scared
I'm black and when I die I'm still black
But you my white men
When you're born you're pink
When you grow up you're white
When you get sick you are green
When you go out in the sun
You go red
And when you get cold you turn blue
When you get scared you turn yellow
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die you turn purple
And you got the damn nerve to call me color
All is a bet for I can say it's a smart to build it's uh
12 minutes before 1 at 560 WQM hangover come up at 2
And of course the uh we're famous they want that yo
With Hank between the five and six
Yeah, we're supposed to say that just right get the top building on there for the big guy
Here's a molder in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing? What are you good?
All right, you know what? I'm just speaking of guys from four miles another part to four out of the boots from Luke's man
Whatever happens
Whatever happened to one the boots from Luke's that obsessive-calling you had calling a well back
Yeah, he's still on the CD
You mentioned something I kind of beat me uh
Do you wish your died? Yeah, when did that happen? I don't know. We could tour go really. Oh, he's dead. He's still dead
Oh, that's
I don't know if it didn't in the paper in the article didn't say what happened. I just said he died at home and that was in the article
Was it over the uh
That's so good
All right, it was in both papers. It was in both papers my mom and he said he said
Oh, I'm sorry
Well, I'm sorry
I
It happened to the best it was okay sorry for my loss
woo
Okay, are you bereaved now you didn't even know him okay? No you ever saw that big 350 seven mag and waiting out here
Never heard him come in to talk a little bit bad the multi-colored hairpiece talking about the Hootsie-Mintreil and the jungle bunnies
Nope five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in fact if you look up all redneck in the dictionary
There's old jails picture right there next to the kiss million dollar man
Here's the mobile on Hollywood. Hello. Hello. New year. Yes
Our year sir. I'm doing great. It's a matter of fact
Confession I love your poem question. I had a call in after I voted and let me know just give you my four or five points as to how I voted
You know, I'm talking points even though I'm married to one five four or five quick points
um
Alex Penelope Joy Carrillo
Ilyan and
I guess the other one he's living only 90 miles away from Cuban now
But I guess we'll go with Jimmy Johnson all of them are Cuban and that's how I feel about that
Yeah, okay, there he goes
five six seven oh five sixty give those numbers again the old cousin really good time to give him six hundred times
Today, that's about a half an hour
Kind of like Hancock with all those people he has taken up segments good job there Humphur
five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the eight key and key and Verizon
Of course on the other shows the sports mode shows they really have to give out the numbers
Because they have a succession of those people. Oh, what's your take on it? Vermont
rent-siliere-pilot-tech-institute-gamed as we can't huh?
Yeah
I I have the feeling of red ants crawling in my rectum as they're hearing those idiots crawling in
Distrolling our program destroying the very fiber the moral fiber of this radio station
You can't complain about armor on what they hear it to him because we don't have any
Here's a motherland baby. Hello. Hey, the idea. Put it in good. That's good
Listen, you know after last night's the buckle on ladderman. I just don't know how anybody
Can actually be serious about even thinking about voting for this creep. Yeah
It's just it's um but there's just no way that you can even think this guy's remotely presidential
I mean you go up against
You know, but I will say this if he was on a Leno
Leno would have just thrown him soft balls on my long. I got to end it to Letterman
Really tough question. Yeah very direct
And I mean it just well the Leno was too busy a second around with Dan Wetherwood's hilling in for Larry King last night
So let us better who I was sticking his chin out in the camera and that thing right
Right, but you know what I mean really give me just poor girl punches very direct
And I mean at last night you didn't take away from it like there's you know
I don't see after last night out anybody in the right mind clear thinking
Can actually pull the pull the lever. Oh, I don't want to ask you this
Yeah, when you agree with me because I don't know what the demographics are but I would assume that Letterman's number one
Democratic is nails 18 to 24 when you're at least 18 to 34 when you grew that
Yeah, right
That being the case how is it possible that we have always 18 to 23 of morons of it who can't even name both
candidates and almost all of them can they need to wonder your vice presidential candidate
Yeah, I'm sorry. You know unfortunately I you broke I missed the last thing you said well. I said they were done
All right, you're like double. Maybe that's why they relate to them. They're dumb. Okay, have a great face you're breaking up you're cracking up
Yeah, it is I know that I have a lot of company out there people are
They're astonished and and then listen to the pundits talking afterwards and they see well once again
45 to 40 on the CBS poll. They said go on the third debate. It should have been like 85 15
Only the most partisan publishing white wingers should have said oh yeah George W
And then even the most airy pearl on the debates is the girl under debate the next day
We're supposed to believe that now Bush is making progress and CNN tells us his ten point ahead. Do we believe it? No, no way
I mean you're dealing with people who are so immutable and intractable
And of course the biggest part of the fact it was the we don't like the algorithm factor. That's that's a big part
So again because everything on television comes back to one thing personality that that's what it's all about push now
And if anybody thinks that Bush I mean that the guy that's under done by Gomo Pyle or he had a great personality
Yeah, dumb dumb was big in America. They liked dumb surveying. Yeah
Oh, and there's they had a thing on him on you know MSNBC has always been whatever was the biography things
like last week
I watched it only only for one reason to see it yes and they talked about how his career was nearly ruined by those
scandalous rumors and the tabloids about his marriage to Rock Hudson
And then they had him thought I was real upset about that and every idea is just about real man to my life and that but I just had a overcome I just ignored that
And then they talked about the fact that he and mommy have moved to Hawaii and he lives in Hawaii now
During the course of the show they made some passing comment about some broth that he worked with and some show that he allegedly was dating at the time and I said
Yeah
Surprise surprise
This was mommy he's 125 years old and he's living with mommy out there in Hawaii
Why is it that all the old queens I mean all of you are like Jack Lord. He was out there in Hawaii. Oh yeah he had a wife
The old queens all return in Hawaii
You're a closet queen
Hey, let's go who cares, you know profiting song while I know the right winners care. They care a lot
They care a lot that's it like the guy said before they care about penis babies that's their thing
That's why they're into the gun so much. It's not coincident with Alex symbol. I guess we don't have one you gotta have a substitute
Excuse you know I could make some incentive comment about you listen to probably even though there's a tall guy probably had a very tiny
Almost invisible penis because this way had that big
257 magnum and he added and standard all times that they're going to
It's a substitute the man thing. It's like see I don't understand the guy like golf. It's a guy thing guys go out and play golf together
He was not understanding me because you're not a real guy. Hey, that's right
That's absolutely right. I don't understand the reason guys go out and play golf. I mean, I can't imagine anything more boring
They're going out and whacking, you know balls with guys well depending what they look like
Huh?
56 is 56 AWQ and it's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
From the people that brought you music to love Sue and music to cuddle Sue comes a new CD to add to your collection
Time life presents music to beat your wife Sue featuring Rick Springfield
When it's time for bishops to come correct do what the real hick white feeders do listen to Rick
Call time life music today to order your copy of music to beat your wife Sue operators are standing by
I don't know he looks pretty good to me back in those old days
What I wanted five well a lot of guys look good in those old days and now what happened
Then is after what if five 60 W to QM?
Little age man
Faces the fact that his dad needs an old folks home
He takes pop in and meets with the nurse who wants to give him a physical
The sun bites out in the hall for his dad the nurse finds your man have a very large direction and quickly climbs aboard for north part pony ride
Your man finishes goes out in the hall and tells the sun. Hey my boy. This nurse just screwed more than how I made this is gonna be great
The pop says go ahead and sign me in
Old man's staggered on the hall and all of a sudden he falls
A big spartial orderly jumps on his back and bangs the hell out of the old timer
Five minutes later he looks up at the sun this time is visible upset
The sun says dad what's wrong? You just got sex from a hot nurse to which did I reply?
Hey pal, I just fell down in the hall on the big black orderly bang me in the butt
I have an arrest in two times a year, but I fall down ten times a day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rising more or less one how's that perk on the neo-sob radio acts
Generally which group of people in South Florida bug you the most
Children's 137 44 and a half percent
New Yorker 61 20 percent senior citizens
All right, 32 10.4 percent french gradians 24 8 percent
Africa American 21 7 percent redneck 18 patients 12 and Jamaican still have only
up here only two
See these people don't want to get their supply cut off of the weekend
They don't bugle everybody from their Jamaican friends
Not really except for the imperious hostile would you make a move? Well, yeah
We're gonna go out of their way
To be nice
Here's a mobile cross-frame salon
Little what's up? Hey, don't sir. I guess I've all the people talk going on to that. That's you have an angle
But anyway listen on many age group that you keep mentioning between the ages of I think 18 and 24
Yes sir. Both of the candidates. We can go excellent. Yes sir because I listen to your show. Uh-huh
What I wanted to ask you were educating the young people of this country. I told you that hey
You know, I'm out what I want to ask you if you read any of that rolling stone article because I got my first copy of the day
I'm a both a subscriber now haven't seen you well
They ask a go in one part and this kind of split a fight my vote for him
They asked him what do you think of them? He says I don't know and want enough to have a judgment about him
And I'm really going on the cartoon image that I get from the news media
What do you think of the campaign you're enjoying that he pauses and he says I don't know yet
Nietzsche one said the end of a thing is its nature
They say it's like a final answer and he says because I don't have a life line yet
So basically that's what if I'm my vote for Gore okay excellent job pal. All right, but round him up man. We need him
Okay, those young ladies gonna go up round up all his young friends. They are kind of more registered to vote
See that's another thing most young people are registered to vote anyway
Maybe that's the maybe see this couldn't be a method in their madness and for a lot of day
Because if they can't be out there drink it up a storm
You know encoder those bars and clubs and I maybe they can get up early in the morning go register to vote
You know too late this time. What do you think is that a good idea? Oh, no
No, we hate you. I thought it's in Fort Lauderdale. I want you to know that right now
We despise you like poison
Because you're turning all of brown County into an old folks. I'm wasn't bad enough that we had you know all these I will want to say pockets
Sunrise lakes and Tamarack and Margape and so many God damn places where they average ages death
Cemetery village
I don't want to mention stealing hills
Oi
I carry this sister. Kelly. Jill. Oi
I'm stealing rope
For the average ages 110 and my mother feels like a teenager. I don't want to mention that
But God forbid we should have anybody under the age of a hundred in this town
God forbid we don't like you. We want you out of here. We can't stand you. That's the message
You don't expect the politicians to go to bat for you because they're you're not voting
Here's keep us game. Hello. Hey, no, yes sir. How you doing today? All right
I got on your pole and I couldn't find the Irish on there not yet
I voted for the Cubans anyway. Okay. Hey listen. You made a statement earlier. They kind of left me confused. I hate the Irish. Yeah
You said that most Catholic generally both Democrats. Yes
All right
Well, I tell you what I've been around the country, but I guess it on the country as well as you do
No, that is in my student. I mean, that's effective. They've had all kind of stories about that not just on TN
But they're you know in the research. I mean, that's just tradition Catholics tend to be a more democratic
Well, becuse Catholics down here do not vote Democrat at all
But however most Hispanics who also are Catholic vote Democrats or you know the Cubans are not representative of Hispanic vote in this country
They're like it's almost that's why I clarify the beginning. I don't know about the rest of the country
But it's funny because I know a lot of
For lack of a better word. I mean, there's a lot of white, low-rate, black, low-rate Cubans
But I know a lot of lower EQ but they drive trucks and they I've seen the oasis here on keep the scale in eight lunch
I mean, it's unbelievable. They're all for Bush. Yeah, and I'm like what's he gonna do?
Yeah, the poor and the hell is more in the FIU pool in local Cuban
Vote who will vote for November elections?
15% both 64% 64 to 15 and the rest of the side that's in the hair. Oh today, huh? Right. I haven't picked it up yet
That's it. It's brainwashing, I guess. I don't know what the other word of course
Everybody who's the left of a televon is communist the communist the communist, huh? That's right
Yeah, and now they had the alien I'm thinking even though go to the
Their side that took great deal and they made a mistake because it's just like I said back then. They're not gonna vote for them anyway
That's well after that's because they connect him with brother and with the janitor
We know and therefore he's part of the president of the communist and therefore we've got to vote against them
Must they get all the propaganda on this Spanish language radio station 20 hours a day
It's where they just can't think for themselves. Yeah, I they shouldn't be allowed to vote actually, but
Anyway, that's just why I can't you but they do I know
Yeah, there you go. Yeah, okay, no, sure
So one thing about old people Cubans or Jews, uh, I'm not about old churches. I don't know about that
But what people generally tend to vote because it but also they're gonna do
That's not happening with that
It's a big deal the big thing we look forward to I've made today we go vote wow. Let's go to the clubhouse and vote
Yeah, that's another thing you know there in these people who live in the uh, these kind of compressors
They they're voting places usually the clubhouse right inside the complex
Some and when Jesse ventured was on at time with the king
I forget who else was on a panel
Go a few weeks ago and they asked them about making the voting election day a holiday and everybody was on their side absolutely correct
How can you possibly make people go to work on a day and then and then again? Oh, wow the polls were open from seven to seven
Well, that's not the point
There are a lot of people on their way to work at seven o'clock in the morning and a lot of people don't get out of work till five in the afternoon
Not everybody's got a crucial three hour day job like we got here
five-minute day job
So just keep making and then of course the other extreme is what I'm holding on the internet you know I say that
Not a good idea
Anybody with a product that a poor on the internet like you on the show or anybody else out there trying to collect no matter how
Hard they try to make it for somebody to beat the system
There's always a bunch of wise punks out there who can be the system right right
So the idea of letting answers vote on the internet is a bad idea
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 key and Verizon wireless line
Brad kid god
Cousing statements you began Senator Lieberman
Bernie Al Gore and I are committed to making America's public schools crumbling classrooms
I have tried the very hard in my career to act in a way that brings down the institutions of government and each of us and the
Virgin
I was doing a lot of the DOS and the deeper I got that's I was up Senator. Thank you, sir
This is secretary George Bush is a good man an honorable man a man of high taxes never an abortion
I'm gonna reform the social security system so that
Senior citizen suffer this winter and make a first grade president secretary
Senior Lieberman. We thank you. All right. I got Bernie 114 to 5 6 good WQ. I'm a real and long singer song here on a wonderful
Friday the dollars up 54 points the nice extra about 90 points
Oh, we do it can we hang out of this for another three hours and have two big days in a row. Oh, at least two decent days in a row
I told you if you just sit back and you hang on in your patient haven't I been telling that what you've been living with in matriosh an ass
If you weren't for the long haul man sure see now George wants to start getting the stock
So you got a couple of bucks to be finally you and I do mean finally got this bonus and finally got the extra money
Supposed to get for doing the show during the summer while I was having my great vacation
Finally got that money and that was the other part there was some other stuff in it. Oh the tellers. Yeah, the talent
He's probably a right for the right for the parents just from a month ago in the wild spots
Finally got that so now he's got a few bucks. You're gonna run this pocket. He wants to be a guy a day trader
It says you can be a gay trader. I'll be a day trader. I said you're crazy. Don't do it
He's starting to watch the ticker he's got CNBC on and there all days. That's me all these dumb questions
And of course he could be the most dangerous because it's obvious. He knows absolutely nothing
Now that that's like over the track when you know nothing
Those are the guys that you know he cash on the 90 man to one shot without a three-way thing or nothing. Yeah, by track physics. There you go. That's your track record
And so now he wants to buy motor oil. He wants to buy a couple shares of this. He wants to get an
Ameritrade account and one of those stupid things there
Yeah, that's what they're called up for. They're called up for what's his name. Yeah, I still can't really explore. Call up store
And why the wave in the future
That would that would be a good question. Who does that better?
Sword or Brian Andrews? Oh, that's that's pretty tight. I don't think Brian probably is though
Here's Margate. Hello. Yeah, good afternoon. Yeah, sir
You know, I made up my mind a long time ago these debates were absolutely meaningless and he because
My main issue is never to let the Supreme Court fall into the hands of the likes
Dejane's Kennedy and right and people who speaking in tongues like Anthony Scalia. Yeah, you know
I'm sure that's a canton. There's like 50 million people in the United States that are speaking in tongues right now
Yeah, now let me say this as far as this country is concerned in the oil situation and the environment
I'm very much a pro-environment however we've boxed ourselves in over the years by not developing alternative sources of energy
Absolutely correct and I think that and especially and why do you think that is you don't think it's because of the big oil companies
Oh, of course, I have to get their money back for all the exploration all the investments that they made and want to make it maximize their profits
If they were saying couple weeks ago
You know something Leo that's a move question, but at this point
It's not important because the thing is what I want to say now is that
Uh with Gore wins and I hope he does
Uh, not because I have so much respect for the man because I just want to see this country stay out of the hands of the religious wrong
We're going to have to do our own drilling up here and
It's going to have to be really regulated very heavily by the federal government. Yeah
This is something that I'm in favor of because we have to develop while with if you watch TV
It's not you would have seen the threat because the Arabs now have over us as far as oil is concerned
Even the ones the moderate Arab countries that still do business with us
Well, you know, if daddy would have finished off sat him over there. We'd have a whole different picture on that one
You got to hear how long you got you've got
The Hamas who are taking over the Islamic country have ever seen how big your rack is on the map and how much roll they've gone
Yeah, but you know
It's a Saudi Arabia all these other countries in a very short period of time trust me
Are going to be in the hands of extremists and that's going to mean the end of oil for the United States
So we better get on this pic we better start drilling now make sure that the government has full control over it
Yeah, I'll stick around by a lot of student or one of the other. I don't want to hear a so he's so a woman
Dooman so he pressing and so pessimistic that I made a blessing these brains out online, but uh, you know
The sky is far just calm down. This relax. I mean here it is the weekend
You know, we're going to go out on a positive note and it's a depression time
That's how sort of crazy. It's this business of I'm very pessimistic. I feel I'm very miserable
And I want you to share with me and of course our answer is no
We want to keep it up. Be keep it right there. Keep it right
I wonder if that guy's dead by now. Oh, probably
I
5 6 7 0 5 60 I mean he's just a bit light
How 5 60 on the 18 P and provides a wireless lines out of West Coast would back out again this hour for my
We had two pretty marginal calls from over that West Coast today. God are you people for a bit?
877 785
6345 it's two free we pay for it and they still got nothing to say
Always good little folks over there in the West Coast
Here's keep a scheme. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Listen, I want to those number one that that people are voting for. I was Cuban some living in South Florida
Yes, let me tell you let me tell you the other day
This idiot Al cardinans who's the head of the Republican Party
Speeling on W. Whatever they can be a radio mom deal whatever about the morality of Clinton
I I mean more of this guy is yeah, so I called up, you know
So I'm so I'm so you know
Carlos whatever and
Remember when you hit that lady and you killed her and you would go and you were high on coke and you sped away
But immediately they hang up and that's the fact there's got about 10 years ago
You're not driving high on coke hit a woman killed her
And then away from the scene of the accident. Did you know where it's saying she's maybe
But you know and if you listen to this Cuban radio station that I'm okay. I'm Cuban. I'm embarrassed
Yeah, I'm totally by the ought to be I can understand that
It's unbelievable the other day some lady called up and said
Outdoor when he was in Vietnam didn't he have a was in here photographer and they said yeah
Well, maybe he was selling the pictures for the Vietnamese and they you know instead of the radio
And I really was so naked pictures in James Bond as well
Well, anyway, you know, and it's so I'm sorry. I call one another time I said, you know
Bush and Reagan were president and vice president for 12 years
What the hell did they do about the doll past?
Tell me how we better off
Not only that but which of the two parties has always been the most vehement as far as
Illegal aliens and immigration policies concerned
I wasn't a Democrat. It's always been a big Republican thing psychotic about immigration
Absolutely, but it's so now minded me or I and I deal with my friends here
And they think I'm just left wing way up there and left common Easter communist
I don't have anyone there throwing hands up. I said you know guys look at the facts look at the look at the picture
So later you see in order to look at the facts
Have an open mind you're dealing with people who are so intensely brainwashed and they keep here again
They keep reinforcing it on those radio stations
Yeah, it's also that you're trying to break you a rod you're not gonna do it
There's one my dad used to say that's the reason that we hear and cast a little dying in power
Right, that's right. You know expression, but there's no sense. There's no feeling. Yeah
Absolutely. Well good luck now. Okay, thanks. Well 20 or 30 times value all you
Cubans out there are there many of you who are gonna vote for girl or
Hate bush like poison and I'm part of that right wing
Pernoyed psychosis both 20 or 30 times each and can't even it out because 64 to 15
Bush to grow in the local Cuban community is not the not exactly what you call me for playing even it isn't evil playing field
but not even
You know
That's what we got to contend with because this is fluid and of course you got all the mug ones over there in the West Coast
We know how they're gonna vote most of them
Here's hi alia hello, hey, you know how worried okay, sir. Yeah, I
I my family's from cuba to where I feel just like that other guy feels I feel embarrassed by something by the majority of Cubans down here
And I just as far as I'm concerned
There's just from another planet beans from the planet. I'm very unfamiliar with
And secondly
Have you ever seen how these old Cuban parts go to vote down here and what happens when they go to vote?
They've got the
Roseanne Rosanna Dana
Ross Leiden and and and and lake and D is big mouth
And all the rest of their cronies have operatives at the voting booths
And they're giving these people papers and they're explaining to them exactly how they have to vote
Shocking thing I've never seen anything like that before
They're telling them you know exactly exactly how to vote
It's they're these hits like these old parts aren't even going in there and exercising their own discretion
Esa las ingam on ergo water. Yeah, there you go. Unbelievable
Shocking, yeah, you know and and as far as the color before the the color
That was on before high answered. Yeah that oil dependency
We haven't really done anything. We have to also look at our own behavior in this country
We haven't helped ourselves out by buying so many SUV
I you took the words out of my mouth
They're talking about how dangerous they are and about the first on tires but in the meantime
You know what when they first came out with this you mean that so well. It must be really economical
You know and come to fight after there are a bunch of gaskas winners. Absolutely. Absolutely
I you know I I drive my two-core veteran people with equal. You know, that's a big uh
Big wastey sports car probably a gaskas
I get almost 26 miles through a gallon on the highway and average between city and highway over 20 miles a gallon
You know, we we we as a country are very spoiled people
Yeah, and we think we can have our take and eat it at the same time
But I mean you have to act responsibly too and and and and I mean like you know
Resources are scarce in the world and we consume a lot of those scarce resources. That's correct
Gas goes up a few cents were screaming meanwhile in Europe they're paying almost five bucks a month
Yeah, unfortunately five that but then they they use that to finance their national health care too
Which we don't have and finally because I don't want to take up too much of your time
It's W if George W. H. Washington so much. They're rising dying so badly to go there. You're a point
Yeah, he forgets big government, but he wants to do the ringmaster now
That you just put up and they were ballets for
Prince or cable for the printer that's
Spurs to be here today. It's probably out in the hall in the box the printer that's gonna be here
You know new printer and
Five facts machine. Oh it's gonna be here today. Oh, all right
That's a good thing we're starting to make some progress in spite of the rest of the this company that just needs a bliviest and will provide us with absolutely nothing
I want to start sound I'm grateful, okay, but but you look at here's our TV set with without which we have no contact with the rest of the world
So that when anything is going on we've never had any opportunity. I mean as it is now. It's not great. We have no contact
And the VCR and the satellite dish
Which was donated to us by
Digital world satellite digital world satellite and of course the TV in the VCR given by a good close person a friend Jeff Cohen from the Pizza Law
Including my VCR and then of course we got the new fancies mancy which I bought with my own hard earned money
Even after losing my ass in Vegas. They'll have a few cents worth of work to buy a great new printer slice facts machine
And on the non-across because this is doing this on computer already no
that you bought
Oh, that's right in the computer that I bought that that's what which allows us to do these polls and make it a fun part of the show
That's right. I forgot about that. How soon they forget but I bought
For a little bit rude about company. You know they're pregnant about well
We're very responsible and there's no truth to those rumors about the cell. What a hell you people kidding
When they hired me to come here today, every time he was gonna be do it yourself radio. Oh, we're gonna build you a state of the art
I'd grab you a state of the art bosal booty state of the art my ass
So basically it comes to the plan spent but but I can't handle it
I can afford it, but you didn't have to do it
Thousand dollars so that we can have a studio here. That's getting close to being a real one. Nice going Greg
26 after one at five 60 WQ and
Meanwhile departure show for radio line 60
Thursday
And
I'll be in the sea, yeah, yeah.
It's never worth what I'm saying.
Don't know how we do this, you're gay.
Until we meet her, then what's all this?
It's a bit of a loop, more of a big man.
When you get to see us,
easy to see by girls on a mo,
a stomach kick, or some of the sad things that we thought of.
Are we ever born in?
Are we ever seen in?
It's here, my heart's sore.
That's where you want, here's a bulletin' day.
We got some big radio news here.
Strap yourselves in.
From inside radio, and this is yesterday,
as it took a whole day, but thank you for the fact that it's to me.
Beingsley promising a hundred million dollar yearly expenditure
is to grow the group, with the goal of becoming one of the top five groups in the years ahead.
Not too many people are buying it.
Public companies have been pro- to make big promises for public consumption lately.
Not based on reality.
Not based on reality.
Wall Street sources say Beingsley can never become a top five group only spending a hundred million dollars a year.
Salem has also been dishing up, sustained to promises as well.
Hundreds of stations, many of which will not be the legislations.
These predictions might have been more believable year to,
except for Clear Channel and Viacom,
a lot of times the public money is not available now.
Let's work stock target places are dancing between the Wall Street bankers
who can stimulate buying or setting a radio stock in-way tailspin.
And Beingsley, last time I checked over here on our screen, is beyond even.
Huh?
Are those still in there?
No.
No, I think because I don't want to embarrass him because he had an opportunity to get his money back
when it was 15 in chains.
Did he sell it?
No.
No, he's waiting for about three.
He's waiting for it to get about two or three.
How do you like that?
So we're still thinking again, more pie in the sky trying to get to a con people in the building
if they are something that they're not like broad cancers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, look at this.
The Nasdaq's up 102, baby.
We still got two and a half hours to go.
Don't get carried away, but not a shot.
We got a shot like Jimmy said.
Look what's going to happen to his team.
Two days in a row.
The Dow's up 74.
The Nasdaq's up 102.
Maybe we'll turn the corner.
Maybe we don't have to go back and retest those lows.
The matured shouldn't be such an asshole after all.
What do you think?
What do you think?
Oh, yes.
So you know who are so impatient.
What can't you be like me, panic, panic people?
Just relax.
Was I ever panicky at any point during this, no.
Ever since March, when I've been losing money, handle growth, or rumpers, no problem.
As a matter of fact, if you took forward growth test stocks out of it,
in fact three of them out of my portfolio,
Shitrich, Xerox, which I'm going to be able to do the ocean for Shitrich by the way.
CTXS.
Okay.
XS as in in excess.
I have in excess of one year, which is too much.
But anyway, in this to be an up to state, Echo Star,
you took those two out of my portfolio.
I said we lose my S, but not that bad.
Not that bad.
It just started happening to be stuck with three pieces of twerid.
Two of them, thanks to the Tosh of course, who brought me the Shitrich
and then doubled down and tripped down and at this TV.
And then of course Xerox, which is a great trip from the members from the
Pharaoh's brother, who's in the Pono business.
Well they do make copying machines, you know, which is a lot of demand out there for that stuff.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, what's up BigGnaud? What's going on?
All right.
Hey, yeah, I just want to go ahead and touch on that ticket.
Touch away now.
Yeah, the belief in God to me is the root of everybody suffering and ignorance.
You know, the minute you take him literally,
and you can't see that he's an expression of man's and longing and aspiration.
That's when you have trouble, the ignorance.
You see what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
And basically that's what I want to touch on.
There is no heaven and hell.
Oh God!
Live and live.
Right.
The only life is that.
That's the moral, face again, nation, atheist, I know.
Pretty simple, right?
Okay, thank you.
That bless you, sir. I'll pray for it.
There you go.
Very simple.
Through all harm, living or live, which of course the right wing of cases can't do it
because they could be protecting everybody else from their imaginary hysteria.
In the meantime, they're priests like the Catholics, they're priests of the ones that are molesting
all the other boys, but they don't confuse them with the facts.
You notice how there's never other than a hysteria in anger.
There's never any response to that?
Never.
It's like, it's like boys trying to respond to those questions.
All he does is just back in with corners that with the generalities, and he's, you know,
for people, for small government and the other, say multi-clean shades.
Because when you have something that's very embarrassing and it's like, put there right in front of your purse,
you can't possibly deal with it.
So you have to obfuscate which somebody is performing for what it means.
First, we understand the key education issue in Texas asked about girls 2000 funding in 1999.
And interview both said, there are too many strings.
I can't cite you the strings.
I was just told there's too many strings.
In November 1999, Bush was asked to name the leaders of four specific international hotspots,
checks the Pakistan Indian Taiwan.
The only name to produce was the leader of Taiwan.
Bush also characterized the current Pakistan as good news.
In June 1999, Bush spoke at a list about his meeting with the leader of Slovenia in response to a reporter's question about Slovakia.
When the spec was pointed out, Bush said, just because I mispronounced the name of a country doesn't mean I don't know how to lead.
How do you like that?
It goes on and on and on.
And these are just slips of the tongue.
You want to think about growing no matter how much you dislike him, which most people do,
and no matter how rude he may be and how full of crap he adds often is,
the fact is you couldn't say he's inarticulate whether he's uneducated or that he can't speak.
First of all, this isn't making slips of the tongue.
He is genuinely legitimately dumb as stupid, okay?
Not to mention, of course, there's a little bit we know about his substance and his problem,
but we just can't seem to find out too much more.
Maybe a business.
And yeah, that's right.
And if there wasn't any more, how can we won't answer the question?
Answer the question, Mr. Paranoia.
That's our response.
I still say let's dig up Lee J. Cobb.
He'd get the answers out of them.
Here's a mobile and Miami Beach, hello?
Yeah, a week's over, Ottawa Lancer in the cup.
No, hi, yeah.
5.6705.50.
How about those new believers, baby?
I really want to game.
All right.
Nice going, Matt Sanding.
Nice going, Kujo.
4-1-1 over Edmonton last night.
Thank God.
Stop the bleeding.
I'll tell you who's looking off.
We off like, you know, they said the action coming back and they'd be dispensing.
And all I crap about there in the room, this in the room, I got you in the room.
Back in the evening, the hell of the play on Ottawa is looking just awesome these days.
Really looking down on them.
And although it's nice to come back by the penguins last night.
Hi, you on boys.
Here's Miami, hello?
No.
Yes, sir.
Me and my whole family are voting for Bush, okay?
Yeah.
You think we're going?
No, not a car.
Okay, great.
We're happy for you.
You and your whole family, your mama.
Twenty-two before two or five six years.
And thanks, by the way, for listening to the highly rated Neil Rogers of Fascist Hour.
Yeah, we've got shoes down in the shelf.
Oh, here.
We like a Batista, Fascista.
We like Mara's cruise, yes.
Lazaro.
Whatever the hell is name was.
All done.
That's what was the guy with the smart clowns.
Is it smart to head?
Oh, yeah.
And my own child.
This is five sixty.
Yeah.
I'm a fast Jew.
It'd be a lot more voting.
And along the way, he ain't keep feeling blue.
No, no, no.
He'll protect the short-term strategy.
They say no basketball.
How does he get there?
How does he might be falling down?
What would be worse for us,
us towners have a big bully?
That's the bad thing.
That's the foul.
They know home of home.
Come on, Joe.
Come on, Joe.
Come on, Joe.
Come on, Joe.
We can't do that now.
This is the best conference already in progress.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Now, it could be my doctor.
My name is John Charoman.
I am Dr. Mark Steitle from Columbia, Illinois, to New York.
And I'm here to withdraw you.
So I had a very good CF today.
Thank you.
Yeah, quick take out all our health problems and two out of you, Jackass.
I have a lot of going to Vegas and losing my ass.
Nice going, Doc.
Thank you, Mr. Steitle.
AOL Chief Cases get to Christian School offends the gay activists.
Steve Case, reason eight and a half million dollar gift from AOLC,
EOS, Steve Cases, live gene, to a high school alma mater in Florida.
I was ready to hackles of the activists' cross-dimension.
The reason Gene Cases alma mater is Westminster Academy,
the Christian School, founded by XGMovement Leader,
D. James Kennedy, a Corvage Minister, X.K.
That's like X. Black, X. Jewish, X. White, X. Human.
Oh yeah, X. Human, that's Dr. Kennedy, all right.
And how does that adoption guide do in his buddy?
Oh, do you know what I should have played you today?
I guess I'll play it a minute.
What have been perfect?
See, I'm slipping in my old age.
Yeah, for the trial man.
The trial man who had a very similar affair,
James Dobson's right hand man, go to speak.
5.670560, you know the rest.
Here's some lies, hello.
Hey, are you doing this?
Pretty good.
Hey, um, about Bush.
Do you think that Bush choose Cheney or Cheney chose Bush?
I think Daddy chose Cheney.
Exactly.
I'm just saying, okay, I will go with it.
We'll go with the community, whatever you say it out.
Yeah, I think that W is just, he's just going to be a puppet, just a figurehead.
Exactly, and when he goes in, okay, George, here's what you do.
The name of this country is, that's exactly what I was.
Maybe they'll even bring some maps and somebody will show him how to read it.
Two movies to watch this week and if you have a chance,
go to the movie to the video store.
Scouts.
Okay.
You saw that?
No, you seen it here?
No.
Very, very good movie.
It touches on all friends up there in Yale.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
And, uh, last impression of Christ.
Okay.
All right.
I'm going to jump for the illuminati.
I'm going right now.
I'm going to feed my builder, the friends.
Okay, see.
Yeah, why chance for the trial out of a commission?
Have that builder, there is.
Have the illuminati.
And of course, don't forget about the Mason's, Perian and Janet.
Huh?
The Mason's with that too.
What if that's a secret hand-shake in the, if they're bringing the hair with that,
or a ring with a thing, uh-huh?
In fact, some of the Mason's have a ring arm or a thing.
Like Carlos.
He's got a ring on everything.
And Joe Costello says, oh, I don't want goblins.
Not on Friday.
That's so close to the weekend.
I think you may have a point, Joe.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Is gone?
Oh, what a sad break.
How about Kevin here?
Hello?
Yale.
Yes, sir.
Are you familiar with that show on Wednesday's, uh, the Brooklyn?
No, I don't want to take crap.
Anyway, it's not that I don't want to network stuff now.
Anyway, uh, they did, they had a skid down there where they were addressing radio personalities,
and they were more or less looting to Dr. Laura, uh-huh, where he addressed the woman.
And he said, aren't you the one that's in power and toward homosexual?
That's too bad.
Yeah.
And he said, well, uh, it's in, I don't hate him.
It's in the Bible and homosexuality is in the bottom of the nation.
So he started looting, uh, quoting from the Bible himself and saying, uh, a bunch of stuff.
But the last thing he said was, uh, uh, it also says in Leviticus something about the mouthfuls of touch with dead peggies.
Mm-hmm.
Does that mean that the Washington Redskins should have blood on when they play?
Oh, it's very interesting.
Yeah.
Don't tell that to Ali Sherman and most other Jewish coach, Martin Levy.
That's probably where they had to get out.
Anyway, uh, I guess everybody forgets that George Bush went down and went to Panama to arrest a guy and got a lot of American skills and just got wiped out the place.
Kind of changed his impression of the whole hemisphere, didn't it?
Yes, it did.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, go go.
Okay.
Love you, Neil.
I just can't stand that for a while.
Yeah, that, uh, bitch.
Dr. Laura.
Can I borrow?
Yeah, she put that big apology at it.
Is anybody buying it out?
No, it was a matter of fact, she made it 10 times worse because everybody now is saying, this to you, honey.
You're sure he's off the road?
Yeah, for me.
Well, for me, can try the apology because she's trying desperately to ensure the people behind her to save her ass and keep that show on you, which is not going to work.
That was one of those own areas that would have also been called about truth and packaging.
Remember that one morning you turned it on here.
She had the dog crap on the floor in the studio.
There you go.
At least she's honest about it.
Her show is 200 dollars.
Whether it's from a dog or an animal or a human or anybody else.
Nonstop babbling crap.
Yeah, there you go.
You can smell it.
If I wait for a smell of radio comes out.
You'll be able to smell back to Laura right over here if she's still on, which I doubt.
See, I see it's from many similarities.
I hate to say this, but I say it anywhere between her and the Julie Bromance of this world.
I mean, you know, he at least things that I've got no common sense to pretend to be a little more tolerant.
I'm not so sure he really is.
But that author, I'll be else something you never know because Phineas Webberman, author asked you from down here, Rabbi, who had 122 kids.
He was the need to buy that whole crowd back in the 70s.
And then somehow he had like this rewaken.
And he said, you know, something.
And so did she as you recall because it was not good for business.
Yeah, we were wrong.
And it was a bad thing to do now.
The sort of me and place those guys, I mean those gay people and we can afford to be bigots.
And he liked that.
And he used to Webberman.
Well, I had a my show back in those.
Let's go back to topics.
What he said.
Oh, yeah.
Come on.
Let's get some rabbis on here.
No.
Let's get holy Joe on here again and rip his head.
No.
Yeah, those are the good old days, baby.
The days with the topics and the guests.
Yeah, that's what I say.
And Joe Costello says Carlos is still a piece of crap.
This is 560, 2A-F, the Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560, Q-A.
Enough for this fucking.
Oh, you're blind.
People are watching.
Women are everywhere.
They're being beaten.
But I'm not sure when.
Some say he's been left behind.
I'm not sure.
I'm not much in the cast.
But I ain't looking for this male.
It's the little too long.
Today I'm a little too slow.
It's not only just the little too long.
Yes.
But my big woman has been wrong.
My big child has a really big child.
The child has a really big child.
You're right.
Oh, that's clean it.
The girl's a queen if you let it out.
Is that a really big child that's right?
I'm fishing for the world.
I'm a little too slow.
Is that a really big child that's right?
It's basically a little too slow.
That's why I can't make near just a few small.
I'm fishing for the world.
Is that a really big child that's right?
It's not only a big child that's right.
It's not only a big child that's right.
It's not only a big child that's right.
It's just a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
I'm a little too slow.
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
This is my first song called,
