60 QAF to talk to Neil all 567 all 560 all free in Dave and Rower more
now 560 on yourself all the opinions of Neil his guests and callers you not
necessarily represent those of the beastly grot cats group it's staff
advertisers or agencies now here's Neil Rogers on 560 QAM you can kiss my
rear end
oh I'd like to know who won the election that I'd like to know who won the
election
no ever since this presidential race began I've often wondered who was going to win
some probably people went to do their voting show so town of ball the ballots and
my mouth is gotten more those folks here have one thing in common looks like
just you there was to you can't boy so I'd like to know who won the election
yes I'd like to know who won the election
council vote council vote council vote council vote council vote council vote
the final tabulation started coming in that I saw a new slash on channel 10
some may we see pull all the gathers in a bunch they said they were
confused and didn't know which hold a bunch
those old folks seem to have one thing in common look like that then just give
them a tooth magic you can't it boy so I'd like to know who won the election that I'd
like to know two one theك
no the election are shot the vote liked the vote
adjust the vote each Isabos
cause the vote all you can't look if we don'tμο
because I'll be Ji Ja
putty
care not
Oh, it's time to vote.
It's an answer to the answer.
It's time to vote.
It's an answer to the answer.
Well, I'll tell you, is this a great way to have an election?
Oh, yeah.
Brilliant.
Only in America, baby.
That's a slurred.
It's a whole concept of how you do elections.
We got all this unbelievable technology.
I mean, technology that most countries would serve for.
And we're still puching along here with the paper ballots.
Unbelievable.
Paper ballots and how do you like the age of these people
leave support workers through their inspecting the ballots?
Some of these people are over the age of 200.
They're holding the, they can't even
see the whole ballot much less if there's a hole in it.
But the bloodless crew is well on the way,
because while we're waiting for the federal judge
to respond to the Bush lawsuit, now we
got that bitch, Catherine Harris up there
until I had, and the year after I had to,
the year after period of state.
We just happen to be a close, not just a big bush supporter,
but we are close with Bush.
So to speak, that's a little more we're here.
And she informs Warren Christopher and James,
it's those F and Jews, that and Palm Beach
that don't go for us anyway, Baker.
She informs them this morning that she's
picking over five o'clock tomorrow deadline.
And she will be certifying the Florida result by 5 p.m. tomorrow.
Because if they wait too much longer than that,
they might get more votes in that actually put go ahead.
It is absolutely mind boggling.
Crowd to know that I made the Matt Dredge show.
You know Matt, never met a fascist.
He didn't like.
Terinoid.
On Dredge's Sunday night radio show,
Matt said that Neo Rodgers encouraged people
to vote hundreds of times for Al Gore.
I am now officially part of the vast left wing conspiracy
denied the shrub is rightful place as Al Presidente.
Nice going there, Matt.
Confidently full of crap.
Kind of like Josie Lambeet in the sun, central.
Which guess what Josie?
I'm not giving Jackie more publicity
on the show under any circumstances.
The next time you decide to write some stupid article like that,
at least get your information right.
Get the facts right.
Can you do it Josie?
Oh, what a jackass.
Oh, sorry.
And speaking of wacky Jackie,
nice performance here on CNN four o'clock on Friday, wacko.
Wow.
It's your arena and it's all fake.
And it was real good.
You should, did you see that?
Oh, no.
God, you must have heard that.
I know, I told you about it.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, and I went to that with classical without going.
He's full of crap.
And like that.
Yeah.
Just calm down, wacko.
I understand a lot of questions.
I understand.
There is calm down.
And Josie Lambe, you are a jackass.
So now we're in the middle of this.
Joe Lieberman had to say on Good Morning America this morning.
He said, quote,
an action by the Secretary of State,
who has been a supporter of one of the candidates
for President Governor Bush,
the cutoff counting of votes in Florida
would strike me at so extreme
that I'd be surprised if someone,
particularly the people of Florida who want their votes
to be counted, did not go to court.
Right, then they will go to court.
Oh, I got all kinds of stuff here.
Just they're going to make you wild.
The FBI is being asked to investigate
how thousands of mainly black supporters of Al Gore
were given ballot papers
that literally already had been marked for rival candidates.
Are you hearing this?
Yes, the Democratic officials were examining claims
that up to 17,000 paper ballots in the Miami area
had been tampered with
and what they described as organized corruption.
This is from the daily times in Britain.
You won't read it here, of course.
The Sunday Times.
Various from across the West,
the Senate on Miami
and were busy taking statements from those from training
that they had been cheated or intimidated
of voting for Mr. Gore.
A senior Democratic official in Miami
was hired to team of 20 investigators
to carry out an inquiry told the Times
until Mount Florida
would be arguing foul up human error and stupidity.
But this is deliberate corruption
to spoil votes for Gore.
And this is a matter for the FBI.
Which I say, let's bring in that FM Zimbola's junior.
What do you say?
Get him on the phone, baby.
Get him out of the mouth, balls.
Get FM back out there and let's stick his nose into it.
It's a joke.
See, there is one good thing
that'll come out of this whole mess.
One great thing, and that is you can bet your bottom dollar
if you have one left, the way the markets
and the toilet again, you can bet your bottom 50 cents
that there will never ever be
a presidential election conducted this way again
in this country, never, ever, never.
And why we're still doing it at this point?
I mean, see, it's okay to recount by hand
in Seminole County where they found
not to eat more votes for Bush.
Then hand recounting is okay.
It's okay in Texas where three years ago
George W. signed into law by law bill
that permits for hand recounts
because it's more accurate.
That's okay in Texas.
It's okay in Seminole County.
It's okay in New Mexico where they found
352 paper ballots that were like,
ah, they were like torn and the smart stuff.
And they were getting ready to throw them out.
They said, no, let's count them anyway.
Oh, we're gonna push the 17 votes ahead now.
Now it's four votes, now it's 15 votes.
We still have a bunch of others that are hiding somewhere.
We're just holding them waiting to see how many we need.
This is the most corrupt, the most grotesque excuse
for an election in the history of this country.
What's the verb, B. Hayes is rolling in his grave.
I'll tell you that right now.
That's right, even he's embarrassed by this crap.
It is absolutely ludicrous.
Like I said, you have to in every dark cloud
find a little bit of a silver lining.
I'd sure like to hear about who those people are at Palm Beach,
pickin' a Friday on CNN, Palm Beach Atlantic University.
That looks like a meeting of the Hitler youth there on Friday
between three and four.
Probably the tasty with their eyes,
focusing on the middle of her nose there.
I mean, when some of those people in audience
look pretty good, I got to confess that,
but maybe somebody can enlighten us as to,
what is that place?
Palm Beach Atlantic College,
where they did the talk back show on Friday.
I thought, I'll see Hayes and we're gonna get lynched
in that crowd.
Well, who the hell were those kids?
Man.
All the little bush underlings,
you could hear the goose stepping sounds in the back box?
Yeah.
Now actually, I prefer myself.
Do we have it in here?
What is it under?
It's probably Miss Bell George,
George Linda Borales.
No, it's not.
Well, I spread the hard-boken thing,
it's spelled itself.
Like I said, it's a story.
What is it?
D-U-E?
Yeah, that was seven.
Yeah, that's the fight song at Palm Beach
Atlantic College.
They're all goose stepping back to class this morning.
Thank you, the 101.
Palm Beach Atlantic College.
What's that at the place that was?
Man.
Man.
Oi!
And that's interesting.
Our plural that we took over the weekend echoed almost exactly,
which is unusual for us, exactly the national polls.
I mean, it was weirded a little bit differently,
but in essence, it was the same thing.
We asked, now there's a Florida recount
as finishing an algorithm and see the feet.
72% said no and 28% said yes.
News flash.
Yes, Palm Beach Atlantic College.
Yes, there's a Christian college.
Oh, have a lawyer!
All right.
Woo!
Good.
Man, now I'm beginning to understand.
As an unward Christian, do stepping so.
All right.
I'll film the guy out.
That's that just playing a whole deal for me.
Are you younger Republicans?
I spoke at my head today.
Oh.
No portion of the program may be listed
at the express written submission of WPANBC
broadcast group incorporated.
I like the movie.
Oh, I'm a physical old, but I'm a little bit.
And I can't help but want to raise my right home.
Oh.
And I don't know where does it.
Is it left or right?
Up and down.
And did I do it right?
I don't know.
Don't know what the hell like I'm the family.
It is all going to cost two punches.
We'll get down the date, my ball.
Oh, I'm fixing the pole.
So my brother will win.
마음s propia.
Right.
mother.
If I don't see you going along that's afraid of you.
I can imagine.
Will you seek freedom of speech.
I'll ask the pictures for him.
No problem.
You can go on, buy a row, pick me up for my streets
Mom lightom, won't do too much behind the glass.
Oh, you see the thing would want to be rabid with the painted face bush people like young
punk over the weekend screaming at the old Jewish woman who was being owned in the fact
that she probably voted for Buchanan and she wanted to vote for Gore and he was screaming
at her.
Oh, you didn't really want to vote for Gore anyway.
We were voting for the other guy.
She says what do you mean by that?
This is you know what I mean.
As in F and Kike.
Yeah.
I mean, he just quote James Baker.
And it's really comforting to know that the rate of error on machine counts on ballots
is only 2 to 5 percent.
Only 2 to 5 percent.
Yeah.
Absolutely shocking that it's that accurate.
I asked your question.
What is that that I'm hearing?
Is your TV on in there?
What am I hearing in there?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 count 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, where I was lying?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, you two things.
And we're not going to agree on this.
But I just just my point of view.
First, there was a Republican on yesterday when they were doing a recount.
What part of this recount?
He was told to wait behind the window and he could watch.
All they have the ballots in there, where all the Democrats counting the ballots.
And all the, all they found, the 129 or votes.
But wait a minute, they're not all Democrats counting ballots.
What are you talking about?
No, this guy, he was on national TV yesterday.
He was living.
He said, I couldn't believe it.
They said, I couldn't even be in the same room as the Republican.
But they put him outside that he said you could watch through a window.
Where are you talking about?
What did this happen, supposedly?
That was on the Fox News Network yesterday.
No, no, but where was the counting?
What counting are you talking about?
Not the Volusia.
No, you're absolutely wrong.
The people that are counting, in fact in Volusia County, it's two Republicans in one
Democrat on their election board that you're wrong.
There's no Republicans on the outside while the Democrats are counting that's
baloney.
No, that's true.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You're crazy.
You know what they remind me of?
She and I, you know, they've had all these millions of hours of crap going on.
And they had said, this must be another one of those countercalls.
This is a new deal by the Bush people.
Planted calls.
They had a woman call and they were taken full calls from the public, which is a bad
mistake.
And the woman said, well, I want you to know I'm a Democrat for the West Palm Beach,
but I voted for Panty Cannon, so did a lot of my Democratic friends.
And of course, nobody believes that.
Is anybody believing that?
No, so here's the new deal now.
Only the Republicans.
Anybody who watch two minutes, sir, of the news over the weekend, sees that they've
got Republican, a Democrat, and they've also got Republican and Democrat, standing over
their shoulder, supervising and watching.
And I'll say it again, in Volusia County, the elections board is three people, two Republicans
in one Democrat.
And this guy would have you believe it's only Democrats counting up there.
The bad news for him, though, is Volusia County looks like they'll be done county by 10 o'clock
tonight.
So that'll be certified.
Whatever they get done by five tomorrow.
Now, isn't that interesting?
You know, this is very interesting.
All depending on what happens in court, because we have the federal court judge who
are waiting for on the Bush motion.
And then we got now the, the poor people are going to go into court to appeal this thing
with the Secretary of State who just happens to be a Bush liquor and a bull liquor.
But wouldn't it be something if five or five tomorrow, they come up with about 300, 400 votes
for Gore in Tommy Beach County, and then the Volusia County, another 300, up there.
But of course, they always have the ace in the whole of those overseas absentee ballots,
which we still can't get a accurate number of how many owes are out there.
First, there were 2300.
They said it seemed to be a fairly precise number.
Well, it's 2300.
There were 3,000.
There was 5,000.
Now, at 7,000, just like the O absentee ballots in the state of Florida, you are watching.
I don't care what your politics are.
You are witnessing right in front of your faces, right on national television and a temporary
bloodless coup.
The Bush people lost in 92.
They won it back.
Very poppable, Dick Cheney, the whole bunch of right-wing fascists.
They won it back by hook.
And then they're right.
We still have a fair and square.
We still have fair and square.
And don't forget what George W. told Al Gore when he called him back early in the We
hours in the morning on election night.
My brother told me I won Florida.
So there, because the fix is in.
And to watch this virulent anti-semite, bigoted piece of crap James Baker, I thought the veins
are going to pop out of his forehead.
He's getting so psychotic.
And about how they want to keep counting and counting and counting to a negative result
they like.
But the hand count was fine in Seminole County.
It was fine in New Mexico.
It's part of Florida.
And it'll be just as fine as it's part of Texas law.
And here's some even better news.
ADC fires radio host Matt drug.
Oh!
When ADC hired cyber-gonset Matt drug stores, the syndicated radio show last year, some
top executives led by ADC news president David Weston tried their best to block the move.
Now the suits have gotten the last last.
Although a drug just program was picked up in 135 markets, including nine of the top 10,
ADC is just fired him.
I see it as a punishment for daring to report on ABC's activities.
You know, it says the whole nation, the whole notion that this is political payback for
my web reporting is an explosive accusation, but I'm willing to make it.
ABC spokeswoman Julie Hoover says the decision was made by broadcast representative Bob Callahan
with no involvement by parent company Disney.
Sunday night talk shows are just not good business.
We're just not going to be in that business anymore.
It takes up a lot of time.
It makes very little money.
And this thank god he got the, my name and colliders are right last night just in time before his
last show on ABC.
Bye bye.
As John McLaughlin would say, bye bye.
Matt.
Oh, Matt.
5.670.560.
05.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Well, and then that's called a first call.
It's got to be another one we set up causes.
I'm over going to be getting all week.
Hey, that's mine with me.
I can handle it.
Oh, yeah, the Republican was made to stand outside the window while the Democrats were seeing
their county the balance.
Right.
Come up with another good one.
Now, come me back another a little later.
See if he can take you top list.
Here's a mobile in Portugal and hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have two questions for you.
Maybe I'm just really stupid.
You know, you're funny and I think that you're pretty intelligent.
I wonder if you can explain something to me.
How is it that counting every single vote and making sure that they're correct and everybody's
voted counted?
How is that going to hurt a democracy?
No, it's not a question whether it hurts a democracy.
It's a question of whether it's Bush and the fact that he's ahead by 288 right now.
That's why they want to cut it off and that's it.
That's why they're sticking with his deadline tomorrow because the Florida statue says this
and the Audi Audi and of course they don't understand that we have an extraordinary situation
here right now and they could easily extend it based on that without any opposition from
any rational person.
But like James Baker keeps saying let's wrap it up right now because we're ahead.
Right and my second question is let's say for some reason,
Brewer would have one Texas.
I let's say the same margin that Bush won Florida and we're up for
later for some reason.
We got 10% more votes than he was supposed to in Texas.
Does anybody honestly believe that Bush wouldn't count or recount in Texas?
Well, I mean forget about Texas.
It's the same thing here.
If Bush was ahead by 288 votes right now, they'd be screaming bloody murder about how they
want to recount it because there's Hanky, Hanky going on, etc and so on.
The fact, let me say like I totally last week, the fact that Carl Werven,
these other people keep lying and keep using statistics and manipulating keeps on you
about the Butterfly ballot in Chicago, which was not used in the presidential election this year.
In fact, the Chicago officials they had on air in fact William Bailey talked about it.
They only use that for judicial elections.
They don't use it for presidential elections, for governor, even for the state legislature.
They don't use the Butterfly ballot.
And I'm going to say it again, what it really boils down to, and I'm really shocked that they have it,
that this isn't the crux of it right now, is that the Palm Beach County ballot is an illegal ballot.
Even the instructions that accompany it are illegal.
It says that the name must be, or the whole must be punched to the right of the candidate.
And it also says vote every page.
And if you vote every page, that means you double punch your ballot gets thrown out.
It's an illegal ballot.
But don't confuse these people with the facts about, you know, people made a mistake, too bad,
they're old, they're stupid, whatever, yeah, because they were hit.
And I'll guarantee you that the same people that are screaming,
but they murder right now, like I said, if Grills had by 288 votes,
they'd be screaming left and right.
Oh, no, we don't want no deadline.
We want to keep counting until we get the right number.
That's our poll question today, by the way.
I know how I'm voting.
Will we ever really know who won this election?
Yes or no?
For example, question, do you think we'll ever really know who won this election?
Yes or no?
What do you think?
Two to five percent error rate on machine counting of paper ballots.
And we're supposed to be happy about that.
That's supposed to be good.
What we have these states, the margin of organs about 5,200,
in which continent is about 6,000, and I, which is less than 6,000,
New Mexico is supposed to be 17 until they can unfreeze
and find a whole bunch of other ballot seconds,
they're depending on who wants of getting them.
And we're supposed to believe this is the way to elect even a dog catcher.
Oh, I don't think so.
This is stupid.
And you can argue about it no matter which side you are from here at the end of time.
This has got to stop.
This has got to be the end of this.
We have scanners in the supermarket.
We have ATMs with your credit card, with your bank card, with your debit card.
We have technology can do astonishing things.
And here we have 200-year-old people holding paper ballots up to the ceiling
and looking like, where is the ballot?
I don't see it.
Where, where, where, what am I looking for?
Looking for little tiny holes.
Yeah, looking for little tiny holes.
And I'm here in the catering bush up there, the Secretary of State.
I hear that she knows something about that.
This is what I'm here.
As you have about it.
5,6705, 60, 05, 560.
On the AT&T and Verizon, all this line, 46,530 was our last total for plan
period.
And we're off to a pretty business start if you ask me.
You can get your best meal, see these and cassettes at all your
respects stores all over town plus Naples and Four Meyers.
Or buy you go to neo-largers.com or wdqm.com.
Get the CDs cassettes keychains, t-shirts for Holiol.
26 past 10 at 560, WDQM.
New.
Yeah.
Ah, it's so nice to see you on June.
For sure.
So then through this fancy place, you'll all go to a nose that way.
All the I-60s, you'll be all over that part and more.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
And we'll be all over that part.
1032 or 560 WDQAM.
56670560.
56670560.
I've always said it when we take these pools,
you people have got a great sense of humor.
You think we'll really ever know who won this election.
11 say no and 5 say, yeah!
Yeah, okay.
And there's no point in taking the pool if everybody votes the same.
But who are you people kidding?
Here's North 90B.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first of all,
I really have said that what's happening.
Okay, and I'm sure a lot of people are.
And let's just, first of all,
I heard this morning,
was I was watching TV,
and they were talking about how much integrity,
how wonderful the bushes are.
Thought that was a bunch of shimits.
And then I heard this bombshell.
Then, okay.
And then the first thing I did was I just confirmed
what I already knew about who this woman works for.
I thought I'd say works for.
I thought that I'll have to,
and she works through a course directly with Jeff Bush.
Uh-huh.
Of course.
Well, she was a Bush campaign worker.
She's a big on bush.
Exactly.
And I'm the following,
this whole thing very closely from the beginning.
And yeah, I've been upset.
And yet, I've been knowing what's going on.
And more than a part of most people.
But,
personally, I rather than go and pick up large shelves
and make a,
and we've taken as governor that has Jeff Bush.
Yeah.
One more minute.
He's done.
I said that last week.
Jeff Bush is finished.
He is polluted.
He can't be polluted.
The queer is over.
I can't believe, okay.
Hopefully that feels.
Yeah, I mean, even if he does manage to get his brother in here this time,
first of all, his brother will be a total lame guy.
President number one.
And number two, people's memories are going to be that short.
The public knows that this man is participating.
In fact, don't you remember what the George W.
told Gory?
He said my brother told me I won the election.
Yeah.
I remember that.
Yeah, he told me.
I knew he would make this a little bit of a press.
How's that going?
Okay, I have a great day.
Come down.
A little bit distraught.
Here's the crawlgables.
Hello.
What is it?
Two says about the machine voting.
Yes, sir.
Presently, with computers in the net,
now that some people are suggesting.
No, nobody's suggesting they either vote.
That I'll leave you, I mean, nationally, here, I predict.
The Russian Mafia, which we've got somewhere here,
and the people in St. Petersburg expert,
if breaking and banning something, they got in the Microsoft,
they've gotten into the Pentagon.
That wouldn't be so either.
And in the past, those voting machines
were used to have where you pulled on, or whatever.
Yeah.
There was a big scandal about rigged, both totals and those.
Sometime here in the past, I think it was the brothers' collier
that were the block.
Maybe fan-coyer, right?
Unless you've been able to abandon up to remember something about that.
They're dead now, but it was some big scandal in the past.
So machines aren't a salvation in themselves.
So what's the answer then?
Well, I don't have the answer.
Oh, okay, thanks.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T.
I'll answer Ryan's the wireless line.
And don't forget about the trial I told the commission
to build the burgers in the Illuminawdy 2.
They probably got their finger in it.
Here's what, Myers, hello.
You know.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Speaking with friends, milk, relatives, neighbors,
you keep hearing the same thing.
It's 1,700 votes, it's 350 votes, it doesn't matter.
You know, the push still won or whatever.
And I say to them, well, it's like, when you go to a bank
and you need pocket money and you write a check to yourself
and endorse it for $100.
Tell her counts out 20, 40, 60, 81.
She turns to you and she says, here you go, Mr. Rogers.
20, 40, 60, 80, 100.
Thank you for banking with them.
Why does she do that?
Well, she has to balance her drawer.
Yeah, thank you.
She's getting it right.
It doesn't matter that what their content is.
It doesn't matter.
And I'm saying we do until we get it for life.
You know what I'm saying?
And first of all, Florida allow us for a recount
and allow us for a hand recount.
Florida allow us for that.
And the Bush people could have done the same thing.
They could have requested that.
They had 72 hours after the election to request hand recounts
in any counties that they wanted.
They didn't do that.
That's the problem.
They didn't do it.
The Democrats did in four counties
where they thought that there were allegations
of gross irregularities.
But it shouldn't take anybody request.
And I hate to sound like the dotting old man's father
standing over his son doing his homework.
You're going to sit there and you're going to do it
until you get it right.
But to those people who say that it doesn't matter,
I would respectfully say, fine, from now on,
there's a difference of 1,350 votes.
Your vote never counts from now on.
You do it until you get it right.
Right.
At least they're never going to get it exact,
but they've got to at least make an effort to get it as close to right
as they can.
That's where I don't get anybody argue with that.
Except for the fact that we're ahead right now,
so wrap it up and just admit defeat.
I mean, this has been the public relations game
that the Bush people have been playing since today after the election.
And let's do the hurry up routine.
We got to the edge there, hurry it up,
and try to make the others look like sore losers.
Right.
Now, how many centers are democratic
and how many are Republican?
Is that them set?
They're, you mean, for the new Congress?
Correct.
It looks like it could be 50, 50, at all the pens,
because if Bush wins, then liberal will still be one in Connecticut.
And there's the other that we'll be counting in with the Deadman,
Cardinal, and Missouri, and in Washington.
And one of the scenarios of the only talking head shows was that
there is a flight possibility that if this thing goes through
whether that's the house for a final vote.
Yeah.
It could very well wind up.
You get Bush's president.
Goers be paid.
Yeah.
And which, you know,
not that I'm not advertising.
Not going to happen.
Well, by the same standpoint,
it would not be the end of the world.
Yeah.
Because when both win, win, win, win.
But you don't have to call it that.
Whichever one of the moons it's still not going to be the end of the world.
Well, when legislation comes out,
you got 50 for Democrats, 50 for Republicans.
Guess who's going to cast that tide breaking both?
Goers.
So you know, it's that system of checks and bounces
between the Democrats and the Republicans.
You see what I'm saying?
It's not going to happen.
Don't worry about it.
I mean, I'm not going to lose any sleepovers.
Okay. Good.
Thank you.
5.570560, 0.560 on it.
Somebody over the weekend called one of these eight million shows and said,
well, you know, something,
if they have to go into limbo here
and the speaker of the house becomes president,
if we have to have like a president in limbo,
then it would be Dennis Haster.
But you know, something that Republicans
that could make George Bush the speaker of the house.
There's only one problem with that sweetheart.
George Bush isn't in the house of representatives.
Is he a member of Congress?
Is he a member of the house?
No.
No.
Oh!
Excuse me.
Moor, moor, moor, moor, moor, moor, moor.
20 before 11 to 560 WQM.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560s, QAM.
How long back in the butt, Tony?
I was in a collection of officials.
Left you who confused.
Here is your guide to understanding how to cast your vote
in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started, shall we?
Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Mermel's D.
Uh-huh.
Who are you voting for?
I'll leave him here.
Joy-C.
Now, read the Butterfly Valley,
starting with Bush Cheney and the Lutz column.
You can't him, Chico Gruber, Angola,
Iceland and Gribbles, and the life.
Where's our leaving from over there?
This guy from Sky-Yes.
Is this the guy who makes mine baby food?
You know, now simply punch a hole in the 1959,
you'll have that key punch guide.
Wait, get over there.
Here, use this microscope.
Oh, there, is it dead?
No.
Can I punch you again?
And just oh, no.
That invalidates your vote.
All right, yeah, punch you again.
And I'm going to punch you again.
I'll punch you!
I'm going to walk a foot-match.
Why are you a sheep?
I'm a sheep.
I'm not a ring-old heebe.
Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Glider,
exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
10.45, but five, that's right.
My brother told me I won.
So who the hell are you, Mr. Hotshot?
My brother knows because he said the fix was in.
And then we also got a pizza can't do it.
Then we got Catherine Harris.
We got Bob Crawford who even though he's a Democrat,
he voted for Bush.
So we got all of those wonderful white wings down there in Florida.
They're going to make damn sure that whatever it takes.
You see, it's interesting because the Bush people are supporting the law,
supposedly, that says that they can certify at five o'clock in the morning that they have no word of discretion,
they're supporting that law.
But they're opposing the law that allows for a manual recount by hand.
So whatever Florida laws they like that are speeding to them that they have the 288 vote lead,
then they like those Florida laws.
But the laws that are not expedient to them that may actually take a lead away from them,
we don't like that one.
So we're going to go to try to get around it.
But don't you understand this is the guy that was going to bring honesty and integrity and morality back to the White House.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, this is me.
It sounds like you.
Yeah, I was interested in the concept that Bush looks in the town all the time and he says,
I trust you, the state trust big government.
Of course, as you said, Bush are going through the federal government now to change it.
Also in the early hours, the Stanford Maths statistician on,
and the probability of the Buchanan vote being passed is...
It's the less than one in a trillion.
One in a trillion.
One in a trillion.
I just suggest for the Republicans that don't know what a trillion looks like.
If one with 12 zeros after it, they're going to look like...
They know what it looks like because that's the budget deficit that they're going to give us if he gets in.
Well, you got that right, Neil.
Well, I wanted to say with my wife, who was not a spastic senior voted,
and I hadn't heard this that I mentioned before,
but interestingly, the part of the metal little thing that you'd postulate the ballot with,
not thought while she was voting.
And she just didn't say anything about it because the atmosphere and the polling wave
that is, and if one of the violence is one of intimidation,
basically life, then people are afraid to come forward and say anything,
especially with people snalling online behind you.
And I think that that's got to be changed,
but that should be looked into whether the next person was able to actually vote
or just use the little handle to properly be paper,
and of course the handle wasn't going to go through.
So we've got some problems.
Thank you a lot, Neil.
Okay, good luck to us.
34 votes already, to think of a really known who won a selection, 51 votes.
23, say yes!
Yeah, sure, we know.
And you know how they know?
Because Jeb told them.
He told them the fix was in.
What a joke.
I mean, I don't care at this point.
I mean, I'm not saying I don't care personally,
but regardless of who winds up being declared the winner,
the notion that we really have any idea how many real votes Bush got or Lord God.
And of course, who's getting off the hook and who'd they have on their again last night?
And he's still f**king crap.
He's still on his ego trip, Ralph Nader,
who took nearly 100,000 votes in the state of Florida.
And all you Nader people out there, I hope you're real proud of yourselves.
Let me say it again.
Let me ask the musical question.
Did they get their 5% vote nationally?
Oh!
Are they going to get their $12 million in federal fashion out of batching matching funds?
No!
Did they screw up the election here in Florida across the Gorda presidency?
I think he probably looks that way.
So there's Nader still spouting the same arrogant, eagogistical crap,
totally unrepented, or totally without any kind of,
anything.
He's just all wrapped up at himself.
And you know what I forgot to mention?
This is supposed to be the first thing I was going to mention today.
You know that bandage on the side of Bush's face?
The infected broil?
That gigantic boil?
Well, don't you remember in the bottom of the box, I was always like,
yeah, I said that to the white from the back.
Hey, let me tell you right now ladies and gentlemen, the hand of Bill God.
Came down from heaven and struck W right on the cheek and gave him that boil and said,
how dare you try to steal the election?
The frogs are next.
That's right.
Wait till those goddamn frogs start jumping out of his back.
Oh my God.
Oh, the frogs get eaten as a moment.
Here's sunlight.
Hello?
I don't know how you doing.
Okay.
We're never going to know when this will watch it.
It's a mess.
It's a mess.
It's a mess.
You can wave a wand and get rid of all the kinks.
The change would be gold, but at this point it's just a nice bite.
Yeah.
And that's basically it.
The people who talk about the dangers if you have computer voting, look, it shouldn't be
any more ridiculous than what we have now.
Or you can just physically destroy ballots, you see about pre-punch ballots.
And not only that, but it goes to a centralized computer.
They punch a button.
There's the number of reach candidates.
And then you don't have to worry about all these exit polls and early declarations by the
networks because they're the numbers right there for you.
You have totals.
Exactly.
I was reading them in some areas they now have a touchscreen voting.
Right.
That's right.
And there were many of these problems.
For example, you couldn't have multiple voting because you know, you go to the bank and you
have a choice of how much you want to take out of that bank.
You can only press one number at a time, you press one which is the other.
And if you did press two, it would say arrow and do it again.
Right.
And you could have your choices confirmed you want to take.
That's right.
Before you submitted them, you would have limited all categories of problems.
And the way it is now, we have this interface where we have cards punched with hanging
jabs and pregnant jabs that counted on the tanical machines.
And then there's numbers of putting the computers anyway.
So you already have computer security problems as it is.
So, I mean, you've got to take care of that.
Obviously, you have to police that.
But you know, if the Russian mom wanted to...
No, that's not what you think of that already.
He was busy with the trial out of a commission.
He's trying to find out if your pop publishes still on it.
On the absentee ballots.
I mean, this is the biggest joke.
I mean, I'm sure you remember the Miami election from there where the appellate court threw out all of the absentee ballots.
They were so scared with fraud.
Right.
That's what happened here.
I'll say it again.
And while these talking heads, they've had 50 billion hours of this crap on television.
Why nobody mentions the fact that the absentee ballot that nobody had any idea how many were out there.
And it started with about a third of a million.
And then it went up to about a half a million.
And then like nine o'clock at night after this whole floor of the election was up and there.
All they think it may be more like close to a million now.
Based on what?
It is the preferred message of vote fraud.
Right. That is absolutely correct.
Now these so-called foreign absentee ballots, they don't know how many of there are.
I was really an article on the agency website that excepted them from countries that don't even post date the mail.
So I don't know how you determine that.
That's a postmarker mail with a date.
But, you know, just hypothetically here.
Let's say, and you have to remember George Bush senior was the former president, former editor of the CIA.
I'm sure you've got to get actions overseas.
If he wanted some country to post date or, you know, or pre date some post marks, I mean, I'm sure he could get it done.
I mean, this is a joke.
Yeah, but he got about a two million votes from the Jews and as you are ever coming in, you forgot about those.
Yeah, well, yeah, well, there could be maybe a few more coming from Germany to Canada down around.
Yeah, could be.
Or whatever the push is in the position that the fingers in South America, Central America.
I mean, it's a total joke that they have to be.
Okay, got it on.
A few days ago, they couldn't have imagined doing so it's possible we could end up here in Iowa.
Now, in about what is in about an hour's time, they'll start the canvas here in this particular county.
But what is the mechanism by which this wind count could come off here in Iowa if it does come off?
Well, each of the 99 counties over the next day will conduct their canvas, which means they'll basically go back over the vote totals and make sure everything adds up.
Once those have been certified, then the presidential candidates, if they want to contest any of the counties, will have to write to each of the 99 counties requesting a recount.
So this would not be a statewide recount. It would be county by county correct?
It would be county by county and the candidates could pick and choose which counties they wish to contest.
Now, how could the Bush people support that?
Just like how can they support the one that happened in Seminole County where they picked up under the vote?
And how can they support the one in New Mexico where they're given four electoral votes for the time being maybe?
When they're against the one here, shut up.
They're picking and choosing wherever they're ahead, it's okay.
Anything if they're behind and they might be in the advantage, then it's wonderful.
They love it.
Talk about talking on the both sides of your mouth, or whatever a body part is coming from.
But these are the people that we're going to bring morality and honesty and decency back.
Is there anybody who's honest to believe that?
No.
They still are throwing squared, don't you get it?
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
You just made my point.
My point was how can I have a James Baker and the Republican party have been met?
They got a federal court to block the recount of the right of votes when Bush just signed into law in Texas
a law ordering manual recounts and quives election.
Right, that's the right.
And how could they block of a recount in New Mexico?
And then as soon as these 17 votes are made, get an injunction to sue off all the votes so they can't be another recount.
I thought they've impounded all the ballots.
They got troops to stay troopers in there guarding to make sure that they don't find any more that they don't like.
And who knows what's going to happen with that?
Yeah, can everybody see that the property, there are Republican party on this thing?
Not the Bush people, they don't understand.
They've got God gave them the right to have this and we should just wimp out and walk away and hand it over to them.
There's a lot of stuff going on here, these Panatos like James Baker coming back to us again.
Not only that, but based on his anti-Semitic comments from a year ago, you can only imagine the kinds of things that are being said behind closed doors about those
F and Jews, the old Jews down there in Palm Beach County.
And there must be rubbed their hands together and glee with the fact that they created all this confusion down there.
I will now show and do I first show the election eve with this balance and the governance mansion in Texas.
I just thank you for myself, let it budget.
You're a good guy.
Yeah, you got it.
You got it.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, good luck to us.
And let me say it again, the Palm Beach County ballot is illegal, but nobody seems to be paying any attention to that.
It's illegal. I've heard many people say it over the weekend, but nobody wants to address it in court or anywhere else.
It's any legal, freaking ballot.
And keep in mind, if the courts don't, the society with the group people on the appeals that they're going to make on this,
I'm Catherine Harris is ruling about fruitifying by five tomorrow.
And if they should, if I the floor to vote by five tomorrow, and since we're just about positive to the overseas ballots, which have to be counted all by Friday, I'm going to favor Bush.
That's it.
That's it, baby.
There's the end of the highest right in the broad daylight, right in front of your face, five PM tomorrow, possibly, unless the court overruled her.
1056 at 560 WQM.
Court radio 560 WQAMI Heavy Port Lauderdale, a feasibly broadcast group station, WQAM.com, or the world.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
Hello, Americans. I'm Paul Hardley.
You know what the news is.
In a minute, you're going to hear the worst of the story.
And so at the clock at 560 WQAM, I think we're already here in the worst.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like your show.
I was up at the Cape Kennedy Space Center.
I was in one of the specs there and I was asking for your CD.
Yeah, they said they never heard of you.
Well, not up there.
Not up there.
Why don't they have it up there?
I figured they might have you got their all the specs and Florida.
No, South Florida, Palm Beach State, Broward, and even over in the West Coast and Naples and Fort Myers,
which they also never heard of me, but they do happen.
I was also in Miami Beach and I saw the CD, but I did not see your keychain.
Because the keychains aren't in the stores.
They, no one wants.
Online.
Got it? Got it, St. Nana?
Who?
Okay, good.
Oh, I got a keychain for you over here.
Hey, master.
Yeah, there you go.
Don't take that personal.
It just happened to come up in the rotation.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
What's their hummers say?
Remember they were set to do their recount and hopefully one is to finish it by later tonight.
Right.
They have gone to U.S. Circuit Court here in Leon County.
That's where Tallahassee is located.
Yeah.
They're looking for an extended deadline past the five o'clock statute that states tomorrow, five o'clock for all counties of reports.
Oh, wow.
And then the results and get certification for the vote that have come in.
Well, Lucia County is going to Koybellis anticipated because they talked about it this past weekend in Berlusia County to have about 180,000 ballots to get through.
Again, they hope to finish tonight about 10 o'clock eastern time, which would put them well within the margin of five o'clock tomorrow.
However, there is a lot of talk in that county this past weekend that they wanted to ensure the fact that they did not miss the deadline.
Therefore, they wanted to go ahead and seek court permission to extend that.
If that's the case, if the court rules in Lucia County's favor, again, the action we saw here today in Tallahassee may be moot or put on hold for the towering being.
Now, let me ask you this.
What if we'll pick up an extra 600 votes in Lucia County because you know, there were 10,000 votes for like the socialist candidate or something in the Volusia was all the whole thing up there was screwed up.
And we had the ballots to bat with ballots.
They were like moving around from one place to another.
See, that's another thing about paper ballots.
Oh, what is a box in that some church somewhere in Miami and there's a bunch of bags and then there's a bunch of boxes that are driving them around trying to find where to take them on election night.
I mean, does anybody have any idea what's happening to those ballots on root from point A to point B?
Oh, can anybody be absolutely sure?
Oh, no.
So anybody who supports the idea voting by paper ballots, they're new support voter fraud. You must like voter fraud.
And I guess if it comes out, whatever the election is, like maybe this one, it comes out the way you want it, the new endorse, you support voter fraud.
And of course, in Florida, why not?
Because that's where we have a wrong which tradition of that here.
I really wonder how many dead people voted in the big county this time.
And you do realize they're not meeting until tomorrow in the county to decide whether they're going to go ahead and do the menu or recount anyway.
Do you understand how what we're talking about?
Palm Beach, Brown, and I brought you in three questions today.
The Palm Beach, Brown and date, if they were all going to go ahead and do the manual recount, which Palm Beach is already voted to do it.
Give an idea how long that's going to take.
How long, long time.
Here's Tampa. Hello.
Neil? Yes sir.
I got that news for you. The speaker of the house does not have to be a member of Congress.
I'm looking at Thomas Jefferson's manual section nine under the commission three-twelfth.
So they can elect anybody of the house speaker of the house.
So if they want to pull back something, you can do it.
They could elect George Borscher speaker of the house?
Yes. I would say that to you.
How could they do that? Does that make any sense to you?
I know it doesn't, but that's the rules. I'm looking at it.
So the other part is Cap from Harris.
Did you follow her election up here?
Did I follow her election?
Yeah. When she was followed, she had five people give you a legal campaign, campaign contribution to her.
All right.
And five of them went to prison.
Two of them were very honest.
Thanks for the good news.
No problem.
Okay.
Nice going, Eric Cazron.
We'll never met a boy that she didn't give in channel with.
Maybe she's got something to come with, Janna Reno.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
139 votes.
You think, well, everybody know who won this election?
100, say no.
39, say yes. 72 to 28 percent again.
That's interesting. There's that 10 percent we had.
And last question, we asked over the weekend.
I guess we got 28 percent of the people out there, no matter what the question is, they're going to say,
the moon would look like that.
So George W. could be the speaker of the house.
Does that make sense to anybody?
Oh, he's not even a member of the goddamn house.
And especially with that big boy on his face, who they would want to have him in their house anyway.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Yeah, they'll just a quick little trip back here to Volosia.
There was a precinct 305, 310 votes.
There was not counted on election night because the machine jammed and they turned it off
and then it reset to zero.
Now they hand counted it and it's 181 for Bush, 129 for Gore.
So I was wondering if the Bush people would want to count that one.
And say that again, I missed the whole last part of that.
They encountered one votes.
There was a precinct 305 that was not counted because the machine jammed.
Yeah.
So they hand counted that precinct now and it's turned out 181 for Bush.
How do you know that?
I tend to be Orlando Sentinel today.
But I was wondering if the Bush people would want that precinct to be counted.
And what county is this in?
Volosia.
How can they be releasing a partial last of that process, the Democrats and Republicans vote to yesterday.
They want to release a total number.
Well, it's in the Sentinel.
The thing that's disheartening is the 10,000 votes that were switched from Gore to the Socialist, Canada and Malaysia.
If those ballots were destroyed, then those 10,000 votes had disappeared.
And that's a reality there that may come to fruition.
Catherine Katz, Dumboharis.
She has demanded certification by five tomorrow.
By the way, that is where the Jebber is now governor.
He's the governor of the Secretary of State's office.
She's a puppet.
Right.
She's done that for two reasons.
Obviously, they want to stop this because they're afraid they're going to lose.
But this also forces Democrats to file lawsuits.
And now they can say, well, look, they're in the courts today.
No, that's okay.
I mean, if they want to be childish about it, who was first, you know, with the Republicans went to the federal court first?
I mean, who cares about that?
So I guess the Bush people will want that hand counted precinct in relation now.
In addition to which, keep in mind, it's always the Republicans, the Bush people are saying, or states rights, states rights, get there.
We don't want that big government.
Local control unless it's not for us.
That's right. Thanks for the bad news.
Okay.
Chicago Tribune says, Seminole County, a lot of Republicans, all the more than 4,700 absentee ballot requests in order to fix a printer's error several weeks before the election.
We're talking massive, massive voter fraud in a state.
Don't you understand they, they stir it by hooking by cropped a store at Ferrin Square.
And now if you've got any brains in your head, now you understand why the networks will reporting every one of them.
The exit polling showed very clearly that go ahead one of the state that the poor, the last 80 for the election showed go with 4 to 6 points ahead in Florida.
Most of the polls, including the Zodily poll, which was very, very close in most of the individual states, but don't confuse people with the facts.
Because one thing, but the exit polling will never, ever show up and that's fraud.
Fraud.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
I know how you do it.
Okay.
Well, I've been hanging on long enough that just cover most of my points.
And especially what you just said is really clear that go ahead one of the networks were after it.
And that point of damage control went in and all the back pedaling.
But since everyone is putting what I have to say, I just want to tell you that I received a call from the Democratic National Committee
that there will be a council's money date.
And I was having an environment with 400 other people to be an observer.
And I said, even after all that you just heard, you said count on it. We're counting.
How do they know that they're not even voting on until the mile?
That what can I tell you?
Okay, well count on it.
Okay. Get your eyes all squared away.
You believe that George?
We got to go.
I do always, baby. Come on. Make up some stories. We'll listen to you a little care.
I don't, I don't, at this point, I'll listen to anybody.
It kills four good hours.
See, this is bad for democracy, but it's great for talk radio.
Yeah.
Pones are smoking too bad that line five never got this bluff.
Because I'm sure that's why we'll be smoking like the other ones too.
And who knows what effect.
You know, I don't want to start pushing.
This place is just indescribable.
It's mind-bottles.
This recount at the emergency operations center.
They want to keep it all in one big room so that there's no possible problem with anyone
in terms of the mystery of going on.
So that the people they're watching over this can all be right there in one room.
They haven't decided on whether they're going to start because what's going on in fallahassy right now
with the Secretary of State and the 5 p.m. deadline also in court.
Here's a stack of paperwork I have.
Five individual losses.
The chief judge here in the circuit in Palm Beach has decided they will all be consolidated.
He's consolidated them into one suit.
One judge will be handling all this later this afternoon.
Judge Steven Rapp at 330 this afternoon will begin to hear some motions in the five individual cases brought.
Of course Palm Beach County is still here from last Thursday under in Junction,
temporary in Junction to stop from certifying the election here.
And joining us now is Carrie Klarkender and you are...
Karen Klarkender, look at that. She never looks better.
Nice going, Karen.
Yeah, she stopped for a big knock out of way over there. She looks a lot better.
Ten past 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Florida sucks.
So just to mention, I was constantly told you about 18 and 18 new with calling plans.
Like to simplify your calling and reduce your phone bill.
Wait, who are you again?
18 and 18.
Hey, key and key. You're calling for what?
To tell you about our newest calling plan.
Your newest calling plan?
Yes sir.
Alright, go ahead.
Okay. Well, I'm here at 18 to you.
Like I said, we do have new calling plans.
Like a simplified calling.
You should phone bill.
If you don't mind me asking.
Hello?
You don't mind me. I'm on the toilet while I'm talking to you.
Oh, okay.
What's going on?
This is Carrie Ding.
What's your question again?
What's your answer?
This is Carrie.
Hello?
Do you have?
We must use 18 key.
I don't know.
Okay. So would there be a better calling?
You got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom.
And I don't want to get up and hang it up.
So keep talking to me.
Alright. Tell me more about your deals.
Okay. So you say, you think you're with us here?
Maybe if you are a sprint.
What?
What?
I think you think you were with MPI or AT&T?
Something like that.
Something like that.
Okay. Do you know what kind of rates you're currently getting?
Oh.
Hello?
Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it?
Do you think you should get that one more time?
Oh, I'm making a poopy.
So you make a poopy?
Hello?
11.15 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's another fact from Mother Jones.
Thousands of four residents were struck from the photo list because they were mistakenly identified as ex-pellant just months before the election.
Wow. Hey. The fix is in and was in and will be in.
And you'll see Bush is going to win.
Did I tell you that right afterward?
You could smell it. There was in the air.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Do you know what that means?
That's you.
And I've never called you before but I'm so pissed off about this election about something that nobody's ever...
Nobody's talking about this.
Yeah.
I heard this on Channel 6, I don't know, about 430 on Friday.
They were interviewing a guy from Novus-Foutheastern University.
And I don't know what his expertise was and I don't know what his name was.
But he said that when they go with women machine-countries ballots, if there's not a hole punched for every race that's on the election,
it rejects it as an incomplete ballot.
Right. That's your own.
So I'm furious about that.
Yeah.
It's somebody that's like me that I don't know anything about these judges.
So I don't vote in those races.
That means none of my votes were counted.
Right.
Whether it's a president or anything else.
I don't...
I mean, I think that's on Constitution.
Of course, well, what if you don't want a vote for president?
What if you don't like any of the candidates?
And you want to skip on and vote for other things that maybe you'll be able to vote more?
But what if there's only one?
Let's say you like to vote only because you care about one judge.
You're well, whatever one issue that's on the ballot.
Exactly.
Why should you be as qualified because you don't want to cancel the vote for any others?
It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of in my life.
And I think that's brown for a lawsuit and believe me.
Well, I'm only public in that.
But why not?
I mean, a sure plenty of lawsuits flying around.
All the lawyers and judges are having a field day.
Why not?
Why not that one?
Because I'm going to be public and I voted for Bush.
Yeah.
I think the whole state should be recounting.
Because they keep saying they had like 9,000 votes and rejected votes and groward and something
like 20,000 rejected in Palm Beach.
Those are all...
It's like...
Actually, actually, it was 30,000 in Palm Beach because when the 19,000 was just the overvotes,
the overvotes and the undervotes were almost 30,000 just in Palm Beach County.
And I think they should read...
And the other question is if they find a ballot with double punts, are they just...
Are they kicking the whole ballot out?
What happens to the people's votes in the other races besides the president?
They get thrown out.
That's it.
The ballot gets thrown out.
And Christian, my, what they're fighting so far in the manual recounts has been that the majority
of the double punts is worth gore and dukein.
That's probably true.
Yeah.
But just because somebody is too stupid to vote correctly in one race does not...
Doesn't make their undervotes invalid.
Yeah.
Well, there's that point that you bring up and also a question about whether the ballot was legal,
which I'm not no expert, but it sure is hard as I look like it.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Alright, Foxy, I'll see you at the airport.
I'll see you at the...
Oversea section.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless One.
I'll tell you one thing, boy, there's a passport office right there in Miami.
I'd be on the phone right now and get my application if you don't have your passport or if it expired.
I'm just suggesting that I'm not saying that anybody ought to be in a panic,
but we do have what amounts of total fraud in this election.
We have the right wingers trying to steer it away.
They lost, parents' where they lost a popular vote.
They lost this state, it is very clear by any standards that they lost this state by thousands and thousands and thousands of votes.
And yet somehow, miraculously, they have managed to manipulate between the governor of this state and the secretary of state
and the agriculture commissioner and all these other gums, they have managed to manipulate this into,
hey, guess what?
We won. We're calling it all off right now.
That's what Jimmy Baker says.
And he says, if those Jews, anyway.
In case they didn't hear it the first time.
Here's Evan Ture. Hello.
Yeah, no.
Yes, sir.
You used to say that having a church between Bush and Gourds,
like having a menu where the church has a dark crap and elephant crap.
Right.
So why are you now addressing Gourds when you develop a case for elephant crap?
Yeah.
You're a double talker, a hypocrite.
Yeah, I'm double talker. I voted for Gourds, sir.
And you know that, okay?
But if you want the horse crap, you go ahead.
See, I'm one of those people who doesn't believe somebody ought to be allowed to steal the election,
but I'm a hypocrite.
So what are you still listening to show for, asshole?
Why don't you go over there and listen to...
Well, sit up, sit up, sit up.
Listen to that right-wing paranoia for three hours every day.
I'm sure that you just squeed new stuff when you hear that crap.
You want to hear somebody just to reinforce your own beliefs.
Fine. You're not going to hear it here.
And I still say, I still stand by what I said.
They're too crappy candidates.
And you know something?
That's why the election was so close.
America couldn't be...
It couldn't decide between crap on the one side and more crap on the other side.
Not to mention the two-byes presidential candidates.
I don't know what kind of animals you picked for those.
Of course, in Lieberman's case, you better be kosher.
Here's Broken. Hello.
Hello.
If I do not have a Cloven hoof, yes sir.
Yes, how you doing today?
Okay.
How's everything?
Okay.
A question on a comment.
My questions regarding the 5 PM deadline tomorrow?
Uh-huh.
Now, we already know that there were 19,000 double votes and about 10,000 under votes here in Palm Beach County.
As well as 10,000 under votes in date as well.
Is there any way they can just go in and manually count those under votes?
And just get that done by 5 PM tomorrow?
And where are you talking about?
Well, they can't just count part of the vote.
They don't separate the under votes and over votes from the rest of the ballots.
But you're missing the point.
I mean, it wouldn't be fair to count just part of the vote.
Or be like saying, okay, well, we counted those four precincts over the weekend.
And that's it.
I mean, they decided there was enough of that ascrapity.
They have to be count all the votes.
I understand that.
I understand that.
And my comment regarding the confusing ballots here in Palm Beach County?
Yeah.
I have a lot of people in Fence call me from the country wondering how people can be so confused by the ballots.
And if they ever spend any time on the roads here in Florida, they'd understand very easily because the drivers.
Right.
Pretty much speaks to themselves.
Amen.
Okay.
Good luck to us, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, hang in there.
That's the open lines here now.
It's within the one that don't work anymore.
560, 560, 0560 on the 18th, who rides the wireless line.
That's Warren Christopher.
It's a very measured criticism of Catherine Harris.
Behind the scenes, though, privately, Gore campaign going much further than that.
That's calling it a clinical cloney of both Bush brothers, Dr. W. and Jed,
that one aid calling her off the right.
You know, on a background basis calling her a political hack.
Publicly, well, much more measured, pointing out that she has very clear political ties to George W. Bush.
Well, beyond the name calling, the cloney business, what legally is anticipated from the Gore campaign now?
Well, they are fully prepared to go to state court to challenge this.
They have not made a final decision as to whether or not they, the Gore campaign themselves will bring the suit
because some of the counties, Volusia counties already said they will go to court to challenge this.
But they believe that she could have discretion that if she wanted to, she could simply say,
extend the deadline until the counties have finished their hand count.
They think that it's simply...
No, you know, the interesting part of this is they can't give a final, the cura final winner until Friday.
Because by law, ten days after the auction, which would be this Friday the 17th,
the Oversee ballots have until that time to be counted, if they were received by five o'clock this Friday, I believe is the time.
So what could possibly be the harm, extending the recount until Friday at the same time?
What could possibly be the harm, except for the obvious fact that, well, let's go by the letter of law and close it down now because we got it.
We got to underneath both the head and screw you.
Here's a lady in Palm Beach, hello.
Hello, is that me?
That's you.
Hi, I just have two comments to make.
I'm one of the people who used one of these screwed up ballots.
Uh-huh.
So I'm this aligned.
And I want to see somebody investigating the printer in Tower Hassee.
Also, my second point is the driver's license registration.
That people made it in plenty of time, but never came true.
And they showed up at the polls and they want registered to vote.
That was just my two points at all.
Okay, good luck.
Very suspicious.
Good luck.
Okay, like I said, I'll see you at the airport.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line out of town, 877, 785, 63, 45.
Let me 25 a QA in.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio, 560, QA, M.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
I was born a day just me and the guy in the new game mode.
So I was more the guy that my business grateful.
I was thinking the best to go hard in my morning.
Behind my back.
Oh.
Yeah, but guys, the students, all they did is deal with it.
The quality of past my hair is blue.
I can't even take my weight when I lose a fat.
But my two pay health up.
Thanks to smooth and trash.
While I risk, while I risk, while I risk it's fat.
The goal is to let butt, that's not playing over fat.
I will finish, I will still get the job you need too.
But the guy's on their knees makes it my man to do all.
And I'll forget your dizzy real with me.
So you're a hypocrite now.
OK, whatever you say.
5679, I'll say it again, two crappy candidates.
That's why I was divided right down the middle because America basically said,
this is the best you can do.
560, 505, 60, 283 votes in our pool.
Do you think we'll ever see?
I don't think a lot of people really understand the question.
203 votes.
145, saying no, 72%.
And yes, 28% 58%.
Do you think we'll really ever know who won this election?
Not well, somebody be declared the winner, which obviously they will be.
But do you think we'll really ever know as in...
Yeah, who really won?
I don't think they understand it.
Or maybe they're just stupid.
Here's a mobile and double AB.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
OK.
First of all, nobody will ever know who won this election.
That's what I'm thinking.
Yeah, absolutely not.
We'll never happen.
And my point of the matter is, this is why politics traps my ass in this country because...
What the blow-hawks Republicans are missing on this entire scenario is if George Bush would take the stand...
...the Republican Party would take the stand as a head look.
For the first time in history, we have a presidential election being separated by less than 300 votes.
Why not take as much time as possible?
Right, if you get it right.
You're willing.
And then George Bush looks like a hero.
When it was, the Republican Party looks like a hero.
But instead, we're in court, we hear politics blows in this country.
It has for 100 years at all.
You're welcome.
Amen.
I hear you, Neil.
OK.
Hang in there.
Thank you.
Here's a fact from John who says, we dissidents in the United States are witnessing a cruel detour.
Yes!
This is the end of democracy.
I don't get carried away, John.
It says, when one group of people impose their view over majority of others, the system collapses.
Our whole system of government has decided upon majority rule, the people of the U.S. have voted for our grower.
Catherine Harris is showing her political prize.
The Secretary of State position is being done away with him two years in article in the tap at Tribune Tributes before stated.
She was looking for an ambassador ship and the Bush administration, how convenient.
Amen.
And how do you like that?
Looking for an ambassador ship and the Bush administration, but of course that's fucking big.
Asian partial.
Goes on to say, doesn't anybody ever wonder why all the political scandals going back to the Kennedy assassination?
Watergate.
Iran country.
There's always a Bush nearby.
With George Bush senior in the background, we want the blue noses, the oil business, the CIA group,
and compassionate conservatives, they are, with pop-abush and charge.
They had it taken away.
This is what you got.
The major power struggle between the rich and the ultra-rich and the even richer than that.
And the rest of us can just whistle in the dark.
The word could request a postponement of the deadline.
Another possibility was to salamaction, asking for mandatory injunction that the Secretary of State not adhere to the deadline.
And in fact, the Secretary of State would extend the deadline.
We could ask for an injunction from a circuit court judge.
So Ashley, those are the things that they are debating at this hour.
But Commissioner Kale Robert did outline how the retail would take place.
If this is what would happen, she said that would start tomorrow.
The best party I would start tomorrow.
So in the meantime, in Palm Beach, they are not even going to start their recount.
Valujah Kale is rapided up tonight in the morrow.
But they are still going to quote her answer more time.
Palm Beach is even going to start tomorrow because they figure what's the point of starting if they are going to throw it all out.
Because they are not a China and a chance in hell they could finish it by five o'clock tomorrow.
And the Bush people know that.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I worked out here at Palm Beach.
The other is at St. Lucie County.
Uh-huh.
And if all the Martin's have to be to the right of the name, then St. Lucie County was totally illegal.
Yeah, we're on the left.
Uh-huh.
And it's unbelievable.
The holes were on the left.
Well, there weren't holes.
You walked them like, you know, just, you know, just colored them in like a lot of tickets.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they're all on the left of the name.
And also I had a letter stating that I was unallocable for local elections.
But I voted for presidency and stopped, you know, in Congress.
So if they, if I didn't do the whole card like they're saying, then I was, I was, uh, I was thrown out too.
Okay.
God bless America.
Yeah, we have to find out about that for sure because I'm, I'm not positive.
And like I said last Friday, I believe about 1%, maybe 1, half of 1% of what people say when they call them in the show and describe the rest because most of it is crap.
But we don't really know that for sure.
But I've been hearing that about the vote.
The ballots being thrown out.
The unmarked ones.
They didn't vote for president so they just throw the ballot out.
And keep in mind that the rain blew and lost the clay shop by about 560 votes.
And that goes through parts of Dave Broward and Palm Beach County.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I just stood in the show so I'm not aware of what your, your, your, uh, people's own business.
I love that.
What's, uh, if anything, you said about Robert's, uh, Lexler.
What I've said about him.
So I, I, like I said, I just came into the show.
I haven't listened to the show before.
I'm curious.
I think what you think of how our Robert Lexler is handling all this.
Well, he's handling it.
Just like you think he was handling it.
He's a good Democratic boy from Palm Beach and he's doing a good job.
All right.
Well, let me ask you a question.
You know, I'm, uh, I'm a Democrat that's, uh, that's the way to the vote for public in.
But, um, what I don't like about Robert Lexler is, uh, he seems to be kind of a fan of the people about, you know,
how all this big injustice and being done or has been done.
Yeah.
I'm saying to myself, I'm not going to question what did he do?
Um, working, you ever looking at the ballot when it was published, etc, etc before the election?
Sure.
Let me say it again.
The ballot itself, the sample ballot doesn't show you where the holes are.
I'm not going to keep rehashing because he's a guy that don't like Bob Lexler.
I think Lexler is great.
Okay.
I think he's dynamite.
Commendus.
But the issue with the Bob Robert Lexler, the issue is about the ballot itself and the sample ballot.
And the instructions that come with it are bogus.
They're bogus.
The instructions say vote every page.
You can't vote every page because they've got the presidential candidates separated on two facing pages.
You can't do it.
Her your ballot gets thrown out.
And it also says punch the hole to the right of the candidate for whom you're voting.
And you can't do it if you're voting for Buchanan or the other names listed on that second page.
But you don't see that unless you have the actual ballot itself and you also don't see how confusing it is.
Unless you slip the ballot on an angle over the pegs and then see where the holes are.
And as Bob Robert Lexler said, the first hole is for George Bush because the governor of the state is a Republican.
So that's the way the law prescribes it.
And the second hole is supposed to be for Ralph Gruer.
But it's not. It's for Papu Cannon.
The first hole is for Bush and the second hole is for the Bunghole.
Yeah. And Gruer is the third hole.
So like I said, the first hole is an answer.
Yeah. And the second hole is an answer.
The Bunghole and the third hole is for.
And we haven't looked at debate about this.
Like there's something to debate that's an illegal ballot.
Neuron means the debate goes on is because oh my god, God forbid we have another fair election in Palm Beach County.
Because you know something, I think if a judge did rule somewhere, if they went all the way to Supreme Court,
they said the people of Palm Beach County have a right to a fair election and they have every one of their votes count.
And the ballot was illegal.
And they're going to be vote.
You know what I think the Bush people would just concede?
They know they are lost by a gigantic mom up there.
You know that thousands and thousands and thousands of votes all over the state.
And especially in Palm Beach, they're in Broward.
We're taking away from Gore. They know that.
And that's why there's this bomb is Russian.
This hysterical psychosis on James Baker.
It looks like I said before he's going to have a stroke any second.
No, no, we don't have count after count after count.
No. Till they get a till they get the number they like.
No, the fact is you got the number you like.
And now let's wrap it up.
Even though they admit that there's two to five percent error in machine counting.
And even though you're W signing a law that Dylan Texas,
which calls for a manual recount automatically in post-acintested elections.
It's okay in Texas.
It's okay in Seminole County.
It's okay in New Mexico.
And if they need to be, it'll be okay in Iowa, Wisconsin, Oregon.
Where else am I to be expedient for them?
But not in Florida.
Even though the law on Florida states really clearly that it is.
They don't like that Florida law.
They like the Florida law that says five o'clock tomorrow.
That's it. They're going to certify the vote because they were ahead.
But they don't like the other four and they pick and choose.
And I'm going to tell you tomorrow morning when George W. Wake's up.
There's going to be a ball on the other cheek makes the other one look like a zip.
That's how big it's going to be.
That's right.
Don't forget the one on his left and the other.
There's going to be a gigantic ball on both cheek of his rectum.
You said it because God is pissed off.
Joe Constellin and the Q&A Van will be in these smart and final shopping center.
On the corner of 441 in Hollywood Boulevard with our best meals.
He's cassette key chains and t-shirts.
Ninja to today.
The smart and final shopping center on the corner of 441 in Hollywood Boulevard.
It's a 24 new in the Q&A.
This is five sixty QAF.
I'm not a hell.
I'm not going to take it anymore.
It's the story of a girl who dropped her pants in the whole world.
And while her butt was fine it looked like mine because it was kind of hairy.
And that's gold.
How many hairs on her hair?
Certainly more than mine it appears and I'm going to feed Zosen to you.
It looks like a sheep that's paddened in here.
She had an ass like you popped up.
For we have round on the rounds for sheep.
We need a razor with clear.
For they shampooed her hair and didn't reach.
But why did I have to see it that day when they hear on the ratchets with nobody my way?
If they're on the butt of a girl, then they ain't okay.
This is the story of a girl who dropped her pants in the whole world.
And while her butt was fine it looked like mine because it was kind of hairy.
And that's gold.
And that's gold.
It's the Lumb 44.56WQAM.
Here's somebody faxes me a petition that you can get if you like to sign it.
www.petitiononline.com
Oh it's just too long.
Slash trust one slash petition.html.
And that's too long.
Well I'll just go to www.petitiononline.com.
To George W. Bush, Governor of Texas Austin, Texas.
We need to understand respectfully submit the following request to the consideration of George W. Bush, Governor of Texas.
In your campaign for the presidential election culminating in the vote of the American people on Tuesday, November 7th,
you expressed eloquently and often that you trust the people of the United States.
The presidential election has come to a dangerous impact.
We ask you to remember these words and out of them in our current electoral crisis.
As of the afternoon of November 8th, you were in 246 electoral votes.
And the Democratic candidate has earned 260 with 270 needed to win in the electoral college.
The 25 electoral votes of Florida would be decisive.
However the vote in Florida is so close that already it's being recounted only about 300 to the percent divided the original vote total for you and your opponent.
The vote in Florida state governed by your brother is coming down to an incredible photo finish.
Unfortunately when this photo was snapped the camel is badly out of focus.
There was real evidence of voting irregularities which are unlikely to be convincing to be resolved for weeks or months if ever.
Without any assumption of ill intentions whatsoever, we will probably still never know that the Democratic will of the people of Florida, who are acceptable level of accuracy.
In fact the Florida vote for president comes down to a moral tie between the two leading candidates.
The president of the United States would be chosen and effect arbitrarily by forcing a mathematically meaningless resolution under the blurry photo finish would be a moral atrocity that would undermine the fundamental authority and governance of our might and democratic nation.
Therefore we respectfully call upon you George W. Bush as the patriotic American to practice the politics of unity rather than division to trust the people of the bruck recognizing the growth victory in the popular vote and the grow plurality in the October college.
And most aggraciously these are our national crisis by conceiting the presidency of the United States to the popular vote winner Al Gore.
Under the U.S. Constitution the electoral college actually decide each presidential election.
The sending the archaic electoral college provides a human element empowered or rarely called upon to resolve the occasional rare challenge to ethical meaning and moral basis that can still arise in the democratic process.
In its wisdom the Constitution of the United States of America provides a mechanism to gracefully resolve just the kind of impasse now facing our nation.
Please make use of the constitution and ended its flexibility of the electoral college system built in by the founders.
On of the Constitution honor yourself and honor our democracy. Ask the electors of the year 2000 to honor your concession of the presidency trust the people sincerely the undersigned.
What do you say to that?
www.petitiononline.com
Go get a creek. Hello?
Yes sir.
How are you?
Okay.
This is Jack Chafrell.
They called me a democratic activist in Broward County.
Yes, Jack.
I wanted to collect a couple of things with some people called in and talked about.
One was concerning a variation of the number of votes cast on ballots.
You can vote for president and not vote for county commission nor civil rights or elections and vice versa and your votes will be counted.
So anybody who did not vote for president but voted for a court to judge or whatever else, the vote they cast does count.
That was something that was erroneous.
Then let me ask you this. How did they determine the under vote ballots? How did they find those?
If you look on the results page of the civil rights election side, you'll see that for example in the civil rights of election the countywide,
there were 378 votes cast in the clerk of courts raised in the same on the same day there were 308 vote cast.
It's a difference of about 4,000 some odd votes.
It happens in every election where people cherry pick their year their votes for particular candidate that they care about or know about.
And they skip the other races. It happens in every race and the votes count.
Each ballot is counted based on the votes that were cast by that ballot.
So when they're talking about under votes in the presidential election, they're only talking about those ballots where nobody voted for president or at least where the machines didn't find a vote for president.
For president, exactly.
But the other races that you cast you voted in, those should count in that race.
They should count.
And I believe that they do. I can't imagine that they wouldn't.
They would only be disqualified as a vote for president, not for the chads and all the other things that the whole separate issue are together.
Very complex. It's not easy.
It was meant to be easy. It was meant to be something where there were checks and balances and things that people could look at.
I have another interesting thought.
What do you mean by checks and balances? I shouldn't have the act of election.
I have another technology that we have today, Jack. Why can't we do it?
I think there has to be very serious reform. We do have to make changes to keep up with modern technology. I wouldn't argue that point for a second. I agree with you 1,000%.
I haven't had a thought, though. I think you'll appreciate it.
The Republicans are saying that because this kind of thing has happened in the past, where votes have been disqualified, which is, I say, in 1996, there were 14,000 votes that were cast incorrectly and discarded.
The truth is, because that kind of stuff has happened in the past, that now that it's happened, we shouldn't worry about it and let it go.
We have been a lot of people who have been driving for years while intoxicated. A lot of John Drive was driving on the road.
But when they get caught, they get caught and when somebody turns them in and decides to prosecute, that's what happens.
We caught them, returning them in, and we're going to prosecute them by counting correctly. And I believe that our goal is going to end.
I believe it's the correct total.
How do you believe that, unless the judge agrees with them?
I think the judges are going to allow the hand counting. I don't think they're going to be able to stop that, because they're precedent.
But they're well-known. There are two separate issues. There's the federal judge who's going to have to allow the hand counting.
And also now, they're going to have to go to court to block Catherine Harris' 5P and Deadline.
I know who she is.
She's another beautiful work of.
The same Catherine Harris who went to New Hampshire to campaign for George W. Bush, who's such close friends with the judge.
And of course, it's not very close.
With a judge in Jackson's 3S that he said it's suspicious that the governor of the state that has the greatest degree of controversy just happens to be the candidate running for president of the United States on the Republican take-out.
Yeah, but you didn't hear what he told Al Gore. He said, my brother told me I wanted to. I must make it so, Jack.
But I think they thought they had his rig before him.
You got it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the info.
Here's a fact also for a fine with Jackson.
I just called the late-cadi elections board regarding not voting in a particular way. They said this is not void the rest of the ballot.
So excuse me for repeating what I've heard 80 million times during this last several days on all the networks, because they keep talking about the underwrote being thrown out those ballots.
Guess what?
As usual, the networks are full of crap. They don't get thrown out.
And you don't lose your vote on the other issues that your candidates are you voted for.
But you know, when you have a lot of people on there and a lot of hours to fill, just like for example, yesterday MSNBC,
and I think generally speaking, they've got a better job than anybody. But they sure had their share of mistakes.
Now, yesterday, I don't know why they decided that Bush was ahead by 57 hundred votes in Oregon, and they had it colored in still on the side.
But they were saying he was ahead. Has he ever been ahead in Oregon? No. No.
In fact, their own network with a two or no, it's Fox that has the 262 at the bottom, which includes both the Mexico and Oregon.
So it can't possibly be 262 because the Mexico at the moment has got Bush ahead by either four or 15 or 17 depending on which voting we count you believe.
And he said we count.
Oh, here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, yes, sir. You know, last time I checked intelligence is not a prerequisite to vote.
Right.
Manual of textarity is not a prerequisite to vote. Right.
But for guy side, it's not a prerequisite to vote.
Yeah, my mother's 75 years old college educated very bright, but she can't retrieve her voice.
No, she can't program her BCR. She still deserves the right to vote.
And you don't want to deal even if we were devoted. We'd use in the same antiquated system.
We're going to go through the same thing all over again. We're still going to have punch cards thrown out.
We're still going to have the Chad problem, whether we re-vote in Palm Beach or the whole state.
We saw the same problem.
Yeah. When is it going to end?
Well, I wouldn't you think that if they re-voted in Palm Beach that at least at least some of those people will be like so careful
that if it took them 10 minutes to make sure they stuck the establish and the right hole that they might do it.
Yeah, but you know what? They can have to change all the ballots. So it doesn't have that confusing ballot.
Well, you know what? I voted for our county. I used the same voter-matic system that they used in Palm Beach.
And you know that law that says we're practical, it should be the same as the written ballot with the vote on the right side.
And how did we do it in in Broward County?
It's all on the left side.
So on the upper order.
You've got to understand Palm Beach was the only county in the state that did that.
That is absurd, but there was no reason they should have.
Well, because I guess somebody must have known there's a lot of old Jews with that eyesight and they wanted to make sure they voted for Pat Buchanan.
Well, you know, I think it was a well-meaning person that thought she was doing something good to the older people.
Yeah. It was wrong. It was wrong.
I say fry her ass, by the way, when this is all over.
Bye bye, Theresa. Okay, thanks now.
Bye bye, sweetheart. Well, she's got what's in the Bruce Rowe row with the beard? You know, he's representing her.
You know, Bruce Rowe row? You know?
Oh, yeah, great pseudo intellectual.
Well, we got every attorney who was ever born is involved in this.
In fact, I'm surprised that wacky's got time to be a win about us.
Come on, let's go get out there and do it, baby.
Get back there on CNN and start telling everybody that Janet Reno is a bullbug.
I mean, 5.6705.60, 05.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Actually, and we do expect this hearing to continue for at least another hour.
We have no idea whether the judge will rule from the bench.
This is a preferable one.
It's written ruling, but we have a full screen here that describes the argument that was delivered by Bush's attorney, Thier Olson.
He said essentially, look, there are no uniform rules in the state of Florida on when the count by hand,
nor how to count by hand.
The rules vary, he says, from county to county, in fact, precinct to precinct.
These county treats votes differently, and therefore, people are not being treated equally that violate the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment.
He also claimed that this process was incredibly time consuming.
It could take, he said, 99 days.
He said, in fact, that we're telling wrongly.
Less accurate by hand.
But then when it was time for the defense attorneys to speak on behalf of the grower campaign, on behalf of Palm Beach County, on behalf of those who were sued as defendants,
this is what they had to say.
They said, not only is our system not arbitrary, not capricious, it is standard, it is uniform.
We follow the same rules, for example, in Palm Beach County.
He said, penetration is the key, if the chat, the chat on that little dot, penetration one of four corners.
It has been penetrated, the vote has been cast.
We follow the very simple rule, it is not complicated, it is not arbitrary.
Every vote is 3D equally, it is not a violation of the equal protection clause.
I know why the right wing is all dressed up into a friendly, penetration is what it's all about.
This is 560, QAF, Portrait View, 560, WGQAM, Miami Port Lauderdale, a feasibly broadcast group station, WQAM.com, or the worst.
Okay, Trump noticed 560, WGQAM, and here's a mobile and four Lauderdale, huh?
Hello? Yes, sir.
Hello, this is Renable Steve Geller.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay, that's an elected official myself, and we're up into criticism.
I'm a my college, however, it doesn't cure pretty clear to me if the Republicans are attempting to steal the selection.
Right.
And there are intentionally confusing the issues in a couple of ways.
First of all, they keep comparing the 14,000 to the 19,000 votes.
You'll worry if that's comparing apples to machine parts, right?
I mean, the 14,000 that they keep tracking the bet includes not only the double punch that the overcalve.
Right, it was the over and under in which, in this case, in Palm Beach, we have 29,000 over and under.
That's correct.
But the Republicans are not foolish enough that they're making that mistake by accident.
They're clearly unfortunately attempting to intentionally confuse people on that.
Well, I mean, they've started a public relations campaign from the day after the election, and when Carl Roll keeps talking about the butterfly ballot in Chicago, and so on, he's not commented with him daily.
The fact is that they really clear a lot of people in Cal County.
They don't use the butterfly ballot in presidential elections, and they didn't use it in this one.
Well, it's a completely different type ballot, first of all.
But that's one of the things that they're doing.
A second one was to intentionally keep trying to confuse the butterfly ballot with the recount.
They were completely separate issues.
I think every reasonable person agrees that the Palm Beach bat ballot was confusing.
If you look at the number of bevel votes for Bush and Gore, and then compare that to the number of bevel votes for Gore and Buchanan, it's absolutely clear it's confusing.
The problem is they keep trying people can disagree on that the remedy is there and remain reasonable people.
They keep trying to bring that up when they're talking about the recount.
If you look at the factual recount itself, it's clear to me that, or will it even without mitigating the butterfly ballot issue, if you do a recount, people keep saying,
oh, but you should then recount the entire state.
The difference is that there's only a few counties that use the punch card ballot, the majority of the...
I said it was 20-7, but maybe 28.
But the majority of the counties use something called an OCR, optical character reader.
While it's approximately 33 per 1,000 people that didn't vote on the punch card system, when you look at that, you either have to assume that people who live in counties with the OCR
somehow kill more about building the president, or you have to accept it as a high or a failure rate.
And if you just look at the failure rate and you count the counties, I would have no objection except for the fact that they Republicans miss their deadline to file for the recount.
But I would have no objection to counting the 27 or 28 counties that had the punch cards, because if you count those, they happen to be predominantly larger.
And then the Democratic counties.
And why there's such a rush, I mean, other than the obvious fact that Bush at the moment is ahead by about 300 and some votes,
other than that, you've got to December 18th until the electors meet, why should there be any rush? And why not get it right?
Well, I served in the Senate with Catherine Harris, staffing with the Senator before she became Secretary of State.
A nice person, family bet. I mean, obviously, also clearly very partisan here. And they're trying to make this rush, which again leads me.
And I normally do not criticize that elected officials, they're my colleagues, but it is clear to me that Republicans are trying to deal with the election, because they are aware of ignoring the issue of the better flight ballot.
But if there is a full recount of the very votes in this state, if you take the four counties, or you take the 27 or 28 counties, if you count every vote that had the punch card, understanding that there's a failure rate of 32 or 33 per thousand, if you take the recount every ballot, it is clear to me that, or one.
Well, I'm not talking about just confusing, and that's what Republicans are intentionally trying to say, oh, whether stupid voters are those to that, if you count just the voters that voted correctly, where the machinery malfunctioned, then it's clear to me that, or one.
And so then to keep saying, oh, the computer counts are more accurate. That's completely ridiculous. Computers may be more accurate today, but remember we're using technology in the punch cards that decade's old.
And that's the reason that people stop using them. That's the reason why in Massachusetts, the court ruled that it would be an unconstitutional depravation of people's like the votes to continue to use those punch cards, because they were selling after.
Normally, 32 per thousand, that's a failure rate of 3.1 per cent. Normally, that's okay. Today, in this particular election, 3.1 per cent is not okay.
And I'm just personally outraged that it is clear to me that they are afraid of a accurate count. And while we're of course, that 3 insisted on in that a hand recount in a similar count.
That's right. And pick up 98 votes. Yeah, because 98 votes in their hands, but they don't want the hands out in the government.
Now, the numbers come out for them like the 325 ballots in the Mexico, they originally were discarded because they were torn and ripped and then they decided to count them and all of a sudden, Bush was ahead by 15 to 17 votes in the Mexico. Then it's okay.
My understanding in New Mexico was they somehow mysteriously found an additional precinct that had like 150, 4-bush, 20, 4, or even those numbers, but it just found another precinct somewhere.
Okay, well listen, Steve, let's hope the courts at least give us a chance to get them all counted.
I believe that there's no way the judgment will work so well against it.
Okay, thanks a lot. Here's a facet of Donna Fort Lauderdale says, I think Friday should be National Band-Aid day. Everyone should show the support for Bushfire wearing a band-aid on their face.
Oh, yeah. National Boyard Day. Because a lot of people are boiling and pissed off and filming at the mouth, including me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the Alcete again. This has got to be the last time, last time that paper ballots are used for any election, even for dog catch you. There's no excuse for it.
Here's a lady in Westchester. Hello. Hi, happy birthday, either later early. Thanks. And I would recommend that we have one form. If we're going to have paper for President nationally and that any judges and staff can be elected some other time during the presidential election, that during that every four years only the president vice president or elected.
That's not very practical. No, we're talking about tremendous expense. Really? Yeah. Well, I thought it was a good idea. We should be able to have the very least have them all on a separate page like they were in 66 out of 67 counties in the state except for Palm Beach have the candidates all running for president on one page on a separate page. So it was not the conclusion of the other races that you turn the page. And if you want to vote those other races fine. If not, that's okay too.
And I'm also scared of pattern, how are sending over functionaries to these individual polling places to let not people don't dare touch the boxes. I mean, that's just apple. I think we're going to call in Catherine. Hepburn and get with the cat and Harris.
And I last night for your guidance, the six six number came in in the past three. So I think that's between the ball on Bush's face and the six six six. That should tell you everything you need to know. And I think you gave it the right name last week and I've ever served in a direction day because we all got it up the bus. Exactly. Okay. Good luck to us. We don't see it with penetration. One day just talking about that before. Yeah. We've been penetrated. Baby the entire country has been penetrated by the Bush people. And like Jesse says, I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say
that. Stay away from the Bush's. You don't have to make you want to poop your guts out. Neil Roger show sports radio. Five sixty. You have. Oh, I like no group. One the election. That I like no group. One the election.
Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can
vote. Could vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. Can't vote. sex
Countable, over, countable, countable, baby, countable, countable, over, countable
The final tabulation started coming in
That I saw a new slash on a channel 10
Some may repeat for all together in a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Look, like I said, then just keep them or two
I trick you can't end
So I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election
Countable, over, countable, baby, countable, countable, over, countable
Are you?
Countable, over, countable, countable, over, countable
How many for push?
Countable, how many for go?
Countable, how many for push?
Countable, how many are really more?
Countable, we missed that tabulation
Okay, many of us wonder where they actually 100 votes for push
With 288 before now is 388
Hulk County decided to do a manual recount just on their own
And push picked up an extra 100 votes and even 100 in Perk County
So that he's ahead by 288, it's 388
And did the birth people object to that?
No, no, no
We want in some of those kind of object to that?
No, no
So when numbers come out for them, they like it
Now when you hear this, you better strap yourself in there, George
You're not going to be happy about this
Mike Langton, chairman of the Northeast Florida Girl Campaign,
said yesterday he was upset to find that many of the 27,000
Void and Presidential ballots in Duval County went
predominantly black areas
A Times Union review found that of the 27,000 ballots whose
Presidential votes were void and Duval County
Nearly 42% came from city council districts
7, 8, 9 and 10, though those districts accounted for just 20%
of all of ballots cast for president County Y
Can I share with you that again?
Nearly 42% of the ballots thrown out, voided, came from city council districts
7, 8, 9 and 10, although those districts accounted for just 20% of all ballots cast for president County Y
More than 11,300 of the 59,650 ballots in those four districts
About 19% did not count the presidential race
Goers 4 council districts all north of downtown are overwhelmingly democratic
and voters their favorite grower of the votes that were counted about 80% went to grower
In contrast, in District 4 on the city south side, 64% of voters preferred Bush
About 24,200 votes were cast for president there with more than 1,800 or 7,5% plus star
19% in the black areas, 7,5% in the Bush area
It's very disturbing that those numbers are that high lengthens
That something's a Y here, it's disproportionately out of whack
And the lengthens city wasn't sure if a recount could be requested but they will meet with gourmet campaign officials in Tallahassee today
And it goes on and on and on as the set of Florida and the set of the presidency continues right in front of your face
Here's plantation, hello
Yes, Neil?
Yes sir
I voted for Gourmet first of all when I say first of all when I got an anthem
You might have probably already one if you can clear it up for us
Gourmet, the guy who was Gourmet's spokesperson I believe
William Daly, yeah
If he were into the Daily Family in Chicago
For some
Really?
No, he should be able to pick up a few more people about Gourmet's election tomorrow
I mean, she wouldn't have seen either
Exactly
Exactly
Well, thanks again for clearing that up
Okay
That's right, what the hell's wrong with you?
Won't you come home, Bill Daly? Let's get with it
We need another 30 or 40,000 dead people for Christ's sakes
5670560, pound 56, you all say it again
I wonder how many did the Cubans voted in big county?
I wonder how many of those absentee ballots?
I wonder how many of those that came in were like bogus?
I don't think the state was even close
It was no contest
But it's being stolen
Right in front of your eyes, whether you like it or not
Here's Bokeh, hello
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay
Hey, just a quick thing to keep in mind here
People might be losing fight with us with everything that's wrong in the courts now
One of the first things I went to court was I think it was last Thursday
Where a judge, there was an injunction place on Palm Beach County to certify their votes to the state
So guess what that means?
It means the Secretary of State could certify the rest of Florida without Palm Beach County's votes
That's the way I understand that
I think that injunction is...
No, but they had the...
I don't know why you would say that
They had a machine recount on Saturday in Palm Beach
Okay
But that injunction is still in place
That's why when you see what the official totals are
Yeah
And what the AP reports is, what the difference is
Right
It's off because Palm Beach is both of nothing in that town, even in the recount town
Yeah, but that injunction was until I think tomorrow morning
8 or 9 o'clock tomorrow morning
Oh, okay
Okay, but you know, that's just the point whether Palm Beach or Either County
If they're stuck in this handly count business
So yeah, I mean to try to keep track of this with all the lawyers and all the judges and all the injunctions and all the lawsuit
Yeah, I get...
It's hopeless
Get out the scorecard
Right
Get out the scorecard
But yeah, I just wanted to make sure that that was out there
That if these counties get bogged down in these hand counts
And they don't get the result if this five o'clock tomorrow's deadline is in place
And the Secretary of State can simply say
Okay, we're not going to count back County and that's it, which would obviously not
You know, would be to push a good ban on
Right
Keep that in mind
Okay, audio
Thanks for the bad reminder
560-505-60, Palm 560
Have the people processing on the floor and by the way we are making fantastic process progress
Judge Michael McHenry, can you say something to Chairman and V.J. County?
I'll be walking in pre-six
All right
And I would say about two-thirds of maybe even three-quarters of the groups are not working on the absentee ballots
And you can tell which is which, the ballots from the walk-in pre-six are in the blue bags
And the ballots are in the cardboard boxes
And some of the voters and data in the black bags
560-505-60, Palm 560 on the AT&T, Verizon Marlos Fund
So let me ask you this, what happens if Gour like picks up 7800 votes in Valuesia County
Or 1500
I guess they'll have to bring in a lot more of those overseas ballots, they'll have to come in by Friday, you know I'm saying
Here's Miami, hello
I know
Yes sir
The sale of immorion, the fact of Bismol and all of the world's products is
600% higher in Lake County in this moment since all of this month
Let me tell you, the Radio M&B is calling the listeners to go in front of the federal building to protest
Because the Democrats are trying to steal the election
And now the biggest enemy that the people have in Lake County, you think it is, is candle coffee
Oh yeah
Armando Gutierrez wrote an article calling Gutierrez an espai of Ghana's Reno and a traitor
Because he joined our enemies
I didn't know that the Democrats were enemies of both the Republic
You better get rid of that mister, you better get rid of that sir
Let me tell you, if by magic and I wish it would happen
They decide to do an investigation in Lake County
What they will find will be enough to put about 200-300 people in jail for the long time
The machinery about the absentee ballots, the machinery that stole the election from Caroleo that are done with that heavier suarez
It is still in perfect place and they were given orders by, I am going to say the name, I don't know if you are going to give it
No, not the name
Well by the press, the Radio-Publica, are you state-wide?
Yeah
That this state could not be lost to the Democrats for many reasons
And the most important is was the reputation and the political future of Jack Bush
And this is set on a meeting of Republicans here in Lake County
At whatever cost
How many dead people we have there vote?
Dead and people that don't even exist it
One of the commentators on Radio Station said that Aliens mother and stepfather bought it for Bush
And I call them and said, that's not surprise, there are just two more voters that have died in the last year
I heard that Aliens voted for Bush a couple of times
They say that too, that Aliens voted for Bush
That's one of the commentaries
I just hope, I just hope and pray that they will do something with their county
Because if you think that what happened in Bambi County was funny, what happened in their county will make that look like a little joke
Thank you for giving me that
Okay, I'll see you at the dock
Okay, what's up dock?
56670560, I'm getting my banana boat out baby, I'm heading the other direction, any other direction, get out of this place
Man, this state is just, I mean, talk about at least if you got a hand in one thing, you picked a perfect state
If there's any state in America, I mean forget about Cook County and Chicago, they're Pikers
And it's goddamn Pats it out, what a sense of humor
Oh yeah, we don't have to worry about Florida anymore, their elections are really clean
Yeah, oh yeah, too much bad, too many acid trips back in the 60s Pat
Here's Lake Worth, hello
Lake Worth, sounds dead as a door nailed to me
And it is, what's the Lake Worth, what do you expect?
Here's a mobile and four-water deal, hello
Hey, how?
Yes sir
In New New County, New Hand Count, for those who are normal machines
Yeah and what that?
Yeah, I'm listening
So, to be it that the hand counts are at our telephone, why did they hand count them and have no machines?
And why did George W. assigned that law bill in the why in 1997 in Texas that manual hand leak counts are the way to resolve the student elections?
Why did they do it if it's good enough with Texas, why isn't it good enough for us?
Yeah exactly, and I'm glad you brought up that you vowed county up
over the discarded votes.
So it tells the Democrats to opt for the deadline.
There's a 72 hour deadline in order to appeal for an account.
So it's one of the yes, and if this guy gets in, he's going to be an illegitimate president
and Bob Wetzler for Governor in 2002, FU-Jip Bush.
Alright.
Yeah, we're going to have a new university in Florida.
It's going to be called FU. It's the name of honor of the governor.
You're not kidding anybody, Bush family.
You're not fooling anybody with a brain bigger than a barbering, okay?
You far-bitching a Graham.
Man.
Oh, there's that judge up there in Palm Beach.
You're going to get a key.
You can pull that one fellow up to the right.
Like, ah, what is that?
What is that?
What is the whole?
Back to him.
Yeah, you're looking at it, Judge.
See, the whole concept that we have partisan Republicans and Democrats,
state officials who are arbitrating this whole thing is ludicrous.
Why don't they bring independent arbitrators from outside the state from anywhere?
From Costa Rica, someplace, huh?
Not that I'm suggesting that Catherine Harris or Bob Crawford have an act to grind.
I hate Bob Crawford.
No.
Makes my skin crawl.
You know who he's really loved with?
Jim Narva, the mayor of Fort Lauderdale.
Wouldn't they be a great pair?
Just remember, he's our agricultural commissioners.
Couple of great Democrats.
I hope he wants up with a big citrus canker on his neck, you know?
Something that will max the boil on W.S.
Yeah, a big guy gigantic citrus shanker right on Bob Crawford's neck.
Man.
26th after 12th at your friendly station, 560 W.K.Y.M.
Coming to the living room.
The legend of beggar van.
Don't forget what they say for you.
Hit that typer or plastic.
You're good.
Matt Damon, as you've never seen him before, and Will Smith,
is the most heartwarming role ever.
Well, you didn't offer those kangaroos on top of those tomatoes.
The legend of beggar van.
Coming to a supermarket near you.
Coming up on mile 11 point.
Properly, 560 W.K.Y.M.
We got the mad dog for Hank Attoolers between two and six.
Yoli on game night at the hard rock six o'clock tonight.
Atlanta trashers against the panthers.
You think we can do that Atlanta, huh?
Let's hope, even with all those injuries, feel better, Ray.
Atlanta at the panthers seven o'clock tonight.
Oakland at the Denver in progress after the hockey game.
And it is KF for all of that.
Here's the fact I should have went earlier this morning that I love it.
And just coincidentally, my psychic powers again must have caused the fact to come in.
Because when I was channel surfing here this morning at about quarter to nine,
I came across C-SPAN.
And one thing I love is watching the British Parliament.
Have you ever seen the session of the Parliament?
And again, I finished screaming at each other and I pound on the table.
Hey, hey, hey, they're all screaming at the back run.
Well, this William Hague, who's the head of the conservative party over there,
is a nutcase, the bald headed guy, I'm sure you're seeing him.
Here's the fact this is the name William Hague Wengerbell.
Hague is the leader of the conservative party in the United Kingdom.
In layman's terms, he's the equivalent of Bush Jr. in the U.S.A.
Simply put, in the U.K. Republican equals conservative Democratic-Labor.
Any while while streeting a U.K. website this weekend,
I came across an article that explained that Hague had recently visited the U.S.
making political contacts and so on.
As the story goes, Hague requested a meeting with Bush Jr.
to discuss compassionate conservatism and their similar views on issues.
Hague was told that Bush Jr. would love to meet Minister Hague,
but wasn't sure who he was.
Yeah!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Yeah!
And this is the man that so many of you voted for to be the president,
who would like us to show him what a costimo is on a map.
Who wouldn't know William Hague from Alexander Hague?
Oh, I think that's who's in charge here, by the way.
I think Alexander Hague is in charge at the White House.
Here's Paul Giebel.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You, Mr. Spanish gentleman, who called a little while ago,
talking about voter corruption here in Dave County.
Yes, sir.
You know who is in charge of the distribution of absentee ballots up in the little Havana area,
none other than Xavier Suarez.
Hi!
The expert on dead people voting.
You've got it.
Apparently, if you go to the BushWatch.com, they've got links to Washington Post's stories,
I've put out today regarding the fact that some of these absentee ballots
were pre-punched and pre-filled in.
You're in T.
You know it.
You're in T.
That's why the number kept changing.
They had no idea how many there were.
It was 300,000, it was a half a million.
It was nearly a million.
They had no idea.
They just kept punching them out until they had as many of them as they needed.
You've got it.
And now we're just supposed to say, okay, what do you win?
And we'll be very gracious about it.
And here we go.
Here's the keys and don't swirl the carpet.
Well, it's not like that.
It made such a big difference in the total-day County vote anyway.
But it's just point out that the level of corruption with all these Bush coordinators.
Yeah, but when you figure it out, maybe 15,000 Duval County and 20,000 in Palm Beach County
and maybe 10 or 20,000 in the day County, you're talking to maybe 100 and 200,000 vote.
Absolutely correct.
And we're supposed to make it into this man's president based on a difference of 388 votes.
Well, I've heard that based on just a simple recount,
not even the mispunched or malpunched cards that by the estimates based upon the crease out,
a preliminary count that Gore could gain about 1,700 votes in that County alone.
You know what, in which County?
I think that's pollution.
Oh, in Volusia, 1,700?
Yep.
Well, you know something, the bad news for the Bush people is that they're going to have their votes counted by 10 o'clock
and I even though they went to court and asked for an extension just in case they couldn't.
But the voice I put on before was the judges head of the elections board up there
and he said that they're doing it tremendously,
or it's moving along and they're smoking.
Yeah, I just heard that too.
But isn't it interesting that they have the injunction for bidding the pre-release
for any of this officially pre-release of this information?
Well, wouldn't it be a shock to port Catherine Harris up there and Bob Crawford as well
and the Jeb through in Pala Hancey if the numbers come in from Volusia County
and they had in the judge rules in their favor in the five o'clock tomorrow they say,
okay, whatever the number is, that's it.
And Gore picks up about 1,500 ahead, you know what I'm saying?
And then they add the overseas ballots come in and Bush picks up 1,000.
And guess what?
Gore still wins by 500.
Wouldn't that be a slap in the post?
Well, I just wanted to call, let your listeners know that if they go to Bushwatch.com
they can find the links to these Washington Posts and Washington Times
and you know, various other papers that the South Florida paper they aren't touching on this at all.
Okay, thanks.
Give it a shot.
Thanks.
Joe Costello and the QM van there is a place right now they finally finished going through the drive through the FF2 joint and they're out of $100.
Smart and final shopping centers where they are, corner 441 and Hollywood Boulevard
with the best of the LCDs, cassettes, key chains and t-shirts.
From now until 2 o'clock.
That's right.
The thing about Duval County, that just makes me nauseous, makes me want to burst.
And keep in mind, both parties had 72 hours until after which it is so let's you the Wednesday, Thursday, till Friday.
The rest for recount.
And so the Wild James Vickerel is whining and moaning and groaning.
They had just as much right to ask for recount as the more people did.
Did they do it?
No.
And it's been also fascinating that the people in Polk County just stood on their own.
Just out of the trail.
I picked up another 100 votes for Bush.
Our hand.
It was a hand job.
Yeah.
Here's a lady in Dear Field Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I totally agree with you about Treesle a porky and given her walking taste.
Absolutely.
Get me a lot of there now.
The fix is on.
I just want to mention here, I'm a nurse.
I live in Broward, but I work at a hospital in Del Rey Beach.
And last night I worked with a Haitian fellow who was a play doctor at the elections last Tuesday at Prinsink 74A, which is highly Haitian and Democratic.
He told me that in their briefing, the poll workers were told by Treesle a pork that people were told by Treesle a pork.
And that without picture IDs should be allowed to vote, even though they didn't have that picture ID.
As long as other names were on the list of registered voters, and as long as they signed it with a form or an affidavit that they were telling the truth, he said that these instructions were totally disregarded and that people were turned away in droves.
They weren't allowing the Haitian people to vote because they didn't have picture IDs.
Is it an act rate?
Yeah.
And I wonder how many of them would have, how many of them do you think would have voted for Bush?
Beyond.
That's too many.
Okay, thanks for listening.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay.
Okay, it just continues, mounting and mounting and mounting.
The irregularities in this election, the state of Florida, were just monumental, just unbelievable.
Whatever it took to put the brother in there, that's what they did.
Whatever it took.
Because after all, Jet told him that he won.
That should have been the message.
A little light bulb should have gone up all over Goreshead at that point.
Like, oh, that's where it's going to work, huh?
Yeah, my brother told me I won.
So what do you want them off about?
Big shot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a column, sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, it's me.
What is it?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, I need voting machines.
Yeah.
I want to know why they can't just do it like a lot of.
So you could go get 500 bucks, make 14 million decisions,
that goes right in there and you get a receipt.
Right.
A bunch too many numbers.
They say, oh, sorry, you got too many numbers.
Right.
So why can they work on something like that?
They can, and that's the problem is that America doesn't care enough about elections
and about the government to invest the mail with cost billions of dollars, obviously.
But well worth it.
I mean, you know, what's the point of having an election if you're not going to get it right?
I mean, if they don't like that, they can do a scratch off.
You get three gores or three bushes.
Yeah, there you go.
They're going to have a lot of hassle and they'll tell you what you got.
In fact, I hear that bushes trying to scratch the bro off right now.
Scratch it again, George.
Come on.
Oh, geez, look at that.
Look at that.
That's plus oozing out of there.
Let me say it again.
There was the hand of the girl that came down and struck W right on the side of the puss.
Because God, in fact, wait till the locals start calling out of his vector, man.
So wait till you see that.
If he doesn't, uh, fast up and just concede.
22 before one.
I don't know about you, but my guts are just aching from all of this.
I don't know why it's just the tersia kiss you.
This is not a way to elect a president.
It's not a way to elect a guy named legislative dog catcher.
Anything.
Well, in the starting, you've always talked about, hey, what the biggest and what the best.
I heard somebody on video yesterday and one of those stock market show some right wing jackass is talking about, well,
I really take exception to the other countries around the world pointing to finger with us.
Well, you know something maybe they don't have as many stick shopping centers.
And they don't have as many glitzy neon signs except in Japan, but maybe they can actually elect the somebody.
You know, Britain, they do it all by hand and the votes too.
They count them all by hand.
They sit around, they put those big wings on, you know, how did the felonting fathers do it?
They like to dress up.
They did it by hand and the votes too.
Of course, the Jefferson had those slaves.
21 before 1 at 560 WQA.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio.
560s.
QA.
And...
No food can keep a hacker in his hands.
And not your bells.
People are very possessive about our new Chihuahua family.
That's my Chihuahua.
That's my Chihuahua.
My Chihuahua.
The new Chihuahua's sandwich is one town of ground to doggamy stuffed in a soft taco shell.
They have the shredded cheese and sour cream to cover the teeth that you're actually eating dog food.
We're so certain you'll like the Chihuahua sandwich.
You'll be barking back for more.
My Chihuahua.
Hey, you think pretty well.
The new Chihuahua's sandwich is only 99 cents.
And it's only not your bad.
1243 or 560 WQA.
If you're on speaking of food, thanks to Scott and Ira and all our good friends at the Atlantic City Sub's again in Hollywood.
For their 8 million lunch bomb toners.
Without them, we're the hell would we be?
We'll be up to mids Creek.
Here's an interesting fact from a redneck in the redlands who says when the ballot lose the war.
If the year is discovered during the 1% sampling, hold over the rest of the vote count.
Where will take Florida, which means Luturman gives up his Senate seat, which gives the seat to a Republican, which gives the Republican to majority, which leaves the presidency with an activist, and will drive the market under 8000, which creates a slow down of the economy, which, etc.
In reality, the only winner of all this is Mimie's own Ken Coffee.
He may not have nailed the brothers, but he's gone from chewing on slippers and representing crazy mirrors.
Historical Cubans and bagabons, school board candidates, who defend in the future present of the US.
At the very least, I think he deserves his own section in this year's King Mango Strap Parade in Coconut Croft.
Let's hear it for Kendall Coffee.
See, this coast is Shoya, the Spanish language radio station.
Just a few months ago, just a couple of months ago, he was still one of the big heroes.
He came in old smart to head there in the other cast of attorneys they had that were early on business.
And now, I know that he's over on the other side and he's working for the girl people here in Florida.
Now, come and eat, but I'm eating, but I'm eating, but I'm eating, but I'm eating.
The crazy, toothless crowd in this town, it is never going to change.
And I don't, you know, something I don't think they're ever going to die.
No, no, seriously, it's like the old Jews. Every time one dies, they have a replacement that comes in from somewhere.
I mean, we know where the old Jews come from, but where the old Cubans come from.
They must have a factory where they're punching them out.
Yes, they're cloning them.
Here's a lady, mobile and four-laterdale. Hello.
Hello, can you hear me?
Yes, ma'am.
My daughter is about to go, but I'm from Buckwood Town, precinct 225.
We had major problems there.
Oh, people with an health, with the palm with the valley, the guy in front of me went to find a gated ballot
and told that he was going to give an absentee ballot.
And he said he never requested one.
Nature made your problems.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Okay, bye.
Here's interesting, since we're always worried about compassionate conservatism
and the caring about the power of the people and the audio, bringing morality and decency back, all that bullcrap.
Fact says, I find it interesting that at the rally, I attended in the rally shown on TV.
The bush supporters were the nasty and the moab noxious.
Some of the younger males appeared to be skinheads with hair.
They've verbally accosted my wife and others calling them dirty, CEO of Blank S, Lousy Jews, get out of my face, bitch.
The most interesting of the tax were against women.
Is this behavior indicative of a Republican?
Or could this have just been an isolated incident?
Yeah.
All right.
You did it with Biggest Baby.
I'm not saying that all Republicans are Bigots, or white-wing fanatical Bigots, just most.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T.
And then of course we had those good Christians.
I'm so glad I remembered the last bit about Palm Beach Atlantic University.
That's here.
So CNN got sucked in twice on Friday, back to back.
First it was young Republicans for Jesus or whatever was.
Now we had wacky Jackie on back to back.
Nice going guy.
I know you got a lot of hours to fill up, but you could do a little bit better than that.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello.
Yeah, I got a question in the comment.
Yes sir.
By the time comes to send the electors to the electoral college from Florida, if the election is not been certified.
Does the Florida legislature pick the electors or does the rest of the country vote without the electoral vote from Florida?
Right.
The rest of the country would vote in the Golden-Grode-Wind.
Okay.
This is one of the accusations that the Baker and the Republicans keep making out of it.
The Democrats are trying to drag this out so that by the summer 18th Florida isn't certified.
And that's the Golden-Wind based on the other electoral vote.
Which is ridiculous because it's only last time I checked the 13th of November.
And there's no way if they wanted to, that they could drag it out there long, which they don't.
Okay.
I just want to make a couple quick comments.
If a major number one, it's the situation we're reversed.
I think we'd all be arguing exactly the opposite.
So I think these are legitimate points on both sides.
Then thirdly, if this thing's going to go through the court, I think they should get it through the courts really quickly,
unless the Supreme Court decided because no one's got any confidence in the state of Florida at this point in time.
And then the last thing is that, the Supreme Court should be in mind that the Bush who is in federal court.
Okay. But what I'm saying is I think it's got to go all the way to the Supreme Court unless they've decided
that no one's going to have confidence in it.
Okay.
And then the last thing is whoever wants the presidency is going to get killed in the 2002 election for the House and the Senate.
And in the meantime, nothing's going to get done.
And because the economy is thick with gold, we've had a really long up swing, I think it's going to go down.
And I almost feel sorry for whoever wins the presidency. That's all I got.
Now I'm with you. Okay. Thanks.
Yeah, because whoever wins, it's going to be under a big mushroom cloud.
We used to worry about a different kind of mushroom cloud.
Here's a great fact. It says, now the truth can be told, George W.
This may have a stomach this guy was playing video games.
We can got so drunk he knocked his crack pipe towards off the table and burned his face.
Yeah, says remember, Richard prior.
Oh, sure.
And all those other prior incidents.
Yeah, we sure do. Sweet art.
There you go. George W is getting punished by God.
Who put his Richard just a tip of his finger on his cheek and went, oh, cut the crap, Georgie.
Here's a mobile and fort water deal. Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just want to say you haven't a good show and show off the president.
And first can let the crack of my ass.
All right.
Welcome. Very well said, sir.
You first, though, not mine. I don't want that. Oh, God. Can you imagine where that tongue has been?
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
In fact, I think that if they can prove that all these discrepancies really they can show some real fraud here.
Some serious voter fraud.
I think they had a force W to go on a date with Barney Frank.
Yeah.
Here's Coral Neables. Hello.
Any deal?
Yes, sir.
Not very time. Somebody called it an uncooperative fact.
You just let them go on and on and on.
Like it was true.
Like what?
Oh, and the people saying that if you vote for president, but you don't vote for judge, then that's not going to count.
And of course it counts.
No, but when he had courted it counts.
All of the last 10 to since election day, these last last weeks on the network, they've been talking about throwing these ballots out and they're both not counting.
If somebody votes for president, they're more for county judges.
The president vote counts and everybody knows that.
And somebody say, oh, I saw this guy do this.
I saw this guy carry ballot box.
You just let him go on.
Like it's true.
You don't know if anything's true.
Yeah, so somebody just go on.
Let me ask you this.
You know if it's true.
No, but you got to go on.
Let me tell you this.
And we'll hear you own show.
You do it the way you want to.
OK, don't take instructions.
I've been doing this a long time.
I don't need instructions on how to do a talk show.
OK.
How come you do this?
No, can we do that?
And if you don't like what I have to say.
I know how to do a talk show.
Exactly.
And go find some other.
We'll find out not he wasn't doing right now.
You I'm sure you'll know what he has to say.
He's on right now.
He always says the truth.
Yeah, that's right.
He's the purview of crap.
I mean, truth.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on.
Oh, everybody knows that.
Did everybody know it?
I didn't know it.
Numbers down.
Not exactly the dumbest person on the face of the earth.
In addition to which most of the people in numbers don't seem to know it.
Well, we all know that.
In addition to which what does that have to do with an opinion?
What does that have to do with an opinion?
Jack S.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm here.
Yes, sir.
Can't stop thinking about the fact that Bush kept saying he would restore honor and dignity to the White House.
You know, when this secretary of state,
that's an app for the men.
Jeff Bush refused himself.
He knew that he had a secretary of state and a Democrat turncode bought Crawford.
Right.
Who would support him in making this thing into a sham and a complete and total Sony election?
And believe me, every side of this election knows that that Gore will win if he gets a fair hearing.
And that's the reason why they're taking these extraordinary measures of going to court to stop the truth from coming out.
Yeah.
It's really sad.
Well, I agree.
I don't know.
It's off to the judges now.
I think that's the federal judge.
If he allows the recount to go on, which there's no reason why he shouldn't.
And if the judge gives an injunction against the state from certifying the ballots to five tomorrow,
if they're seeing happen and the recong goes on,
Gore is going to win.
Well, I want to have a way to think about that.
Right.
If a group of people tries to destroy characters of everybody who opposes them for years and years and years,
and then they come out and say they're going to restore honor and dignity,
I mean, what do we have here?
Fascism.
Thank you.
Okay, and have a great day.
5,6705,650, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
How we doing over there at this Martin final shopping center?
We're still 50.
What is it?
Tree-fitty.
Tree-fitty?
Well, it's not too bad.
It'll be there until two o'clock with all our best of the new merchandise and for those really nifty, nifty.
Keychains and the best of the new CDs and cassettes and all T-shirts too.
Martin final shopping center, quarter, 441 and prestigious Hollywood Boulevard.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Couple of colors, though, you got a lady to my island promoting voters return to where because they didn't have a picture ID.
She was promoting.
I mean, why would anybody be allowed to vote without a picture ID?
Yeah.
The easiest thing in the world you can do is go down the driver's license plate and you can register to vote just by saying that you're a citizen.
You don't have to show proof of citizenship.
And the same thing with children.
You swear an affidavit saying that you're...
What I think of the vote?
I don't know.
I knew we only had 70,000 of those in the day this time, though.
Okay, and have a great day.
He's speechless.
56670560, 0560.
We'll count for the manual count.
We'll go forward.
Well, Greta, what does that mean in your opinion in terms of earlier we've heard that all those have to be certified from both of those counties.
The Russian West Palm Beach by 5 o'clock tomorrow.
Doesn't that end up a little bit in conflict?
Well, it may end up in conflict, but I don't think that's a federal judges problem.
He was asked to issue a preliminary in Johnson to enjoy the camps in board from certifying the election results.
Now, whether the sector is safe can get the camps in board to complete the manual count for 5 o'clock fees unlikely.
But that's not the federal judges problem.
The federal judges problem was simply to find out whether or not he thought an injunction should issue a preliminary injunction,
whether it's irreparable harm to the plaintiff, which in this case were the Bush-Tenney picket.
But are you and I have the opportunity to speak about this.
No great surprise with this decision, right?
Well, I suppose there's no great surprise because when Ted Olsson on behalf of the Bush-Tenney could have got to argue,
he never laid out irreparable harm.
Even if the Republican...
Okay, there's a whole and judge refuses to stop manual recap.
That's the federal judge.
Yes, if he doesn't do it right now, there will be irreparable harm.
So even if the judges ultimately convinced they should win,
what he was unconvinced of is that they met the problem with this irreparable harm.
They couldn't show reason why a manual count would harm the picket.
There you go. There's the first piece of a news.
A big blow to the people who want to steal the election from right in front of your face.
Federal judge has refused to stop the manual recap.
The recount will go on.
Now the only other thing that Chigrenwood-Pile is going to be,
whether or not a judge, a state judge is going to say,
hey, the five o'clock deadline tomorrow must be extended
because these people deserve a reasonable amount of time.
The count always votes so we can get a fair count.
One down, one to go.
Portrait of 560 W.A.A.M. by Andy Port Lauderdale,
a measly broadcast group stage hand WQAM.com with a word.
It's a lot of the two hours!
Four.
I've had Chica hold for Al either of us.
And I can count the funds arranged.
The right home.
And I don't know whether to look.
Is it not the right up the south?
Is it I do it right?
I don't know.
I don't know what the hell I got to find with it.
It's all going to cost two punches.
We'll get down with eight my balls.
I'm fixing the poles so my brother will win.
Just like the third world in custody.
Three, like a Mexican pole.
I'm going to get the ball.
You're going to get the ball.
I'm going to get the ball.
Let's go.
I'll fix it.
I'm going to pass it.
Can you do it?
I'll fix it.
I'll fix it.
What a lot of five feet of your two way.
Come down.
Come down for the back of your pants.
I'll look right in the world.
He picked a location.
I got six, ten.
Maybe he's 90 or 90.
I got six, ten, ten bucks over there.
Another hour to go to a two o'clock.
In the final shopping center, look to the Q&A.
Corner 441 Hollywood.
Bow right over the best of the stuff.
Keychains, T-shirts, etc.
Another hour to go to a two o'clock.
The nephew is there.
They're both eating.
560.
560.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a lady in Mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Lady Mobile and Hollywood.
I'm in Hollywood, but I'm not in the mobile.
Here's a lady stationary in Hollywood.
Okay, hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I think what we should do first of all is get clenched in a big thumbs up for taking Judge Middellbrook.
See you for a while.
The other thing is the NAACP holds a meeting in Miami for five hours of hearing.
And we want to get today on two stands for five hours.
First of all, one of the silver light attorneys said that we are allowed to...
Hang on, hold on a second.
It should have liked me to turn.
But the attempt to get a more accurate count manually of those ballots that people tried to poke through.
It's a member of the tribe.
They want to plot the gross folks in New York.
They want to do a number of possibilities.
I understand quite apart from the campaign that, as I said a minute ago,
there are voters who believe that they were cheated out of their franchise
by this scurry ballot that you'll with in West Palm Beach.
And I would expect that they will continue to press their efforts in the state courts.
Okay, I'm sorry, go ahead.
All right.
What the silver one of the civil rights attorneys was said was that we're allowed up to three ballots.
If we steal, we made an error.
Then we're allowed to ask for another ballot.
And then if we made another error, we're allowed to ask for another ballot.
We're up to three ballots who were allowed.
People were not allowed.
And then came on.
He was so upset.
His name was Sue Val.
He said that when he took Valet and saw that he is voted for futanet,
he went over and asked for another ballot.
And they said, no, you're not allowed.
So he then back and put in groups.
And so that's where a lot of the double voting came in.
Because they wouldn't give them another ballot.
Well, if you are, you know, most of the precinct workers were over the age of 100,
unfortunately, because there were tire reasons.
They've got a lot of time and they can volunteer to do that.
But I think that's a great many of them have any idea what the rules really were.
Well, not only that is that we have friends in Delray who worked at the polls.
And they're only given a two-hour video.
That's all the information that they're given and how to do the appalling and the ballot.
So they don't have any information and they don't know anything.
We really need a civics lesson for every state in the country to know what the rules and regulations are when you're allowed to vote.
Not with you.
There was a woman named Howard, a white lady who worked at a radio station in Hillsboro,
Tom Duane, who is the N.E. on the station.
She went to some of the different polling places in Hillsboro and elderly 67-year-old man came out with a cane
and had the ivory sign on him.
He had a walk out and every guy stood a corner, two cops pulled up, stayed troopers,
pulled him over, made him put his hands up and wanted a identification.
He said, but I just voted. I didn't do anything wrong.
When she stopped to see what they were doing, the trooper told him,
had we better get going or you better get arrested.
And she was in tears. This is the white woman that was talking that she was so upset.
She doesn't know what happened to this poor old man.
Now, another...
What was that?
I said, in closing.
Well, another incident.
There's a church in North Miami called the New Little River Baptist Church.
Right.
It's a polling place.
When the pastor came, he closed the doors and locked everything up.
A woman lived in the church.
She called him up Saturday morning and said that the polling machines and the ballot boxes are still there.
And he told him, there were 14 kinds of ballots.
Never picked up nothing. The police now have them.
There's also another ballot box.
The police have them and what are they doing with them?
Are they using them for play cards with the police?
Nobody knows really what's inside the boxes, but this task is where that the boxes were never taught.
And they can notice the votes are in there.
And 93% of the votes passed in Florida by Blacks were for gold.
Right. Okay. Thanks.
She took a breath.
56670560, pound 560 on the APNT in Hawaii and the Wild West Line.
Here's the fact that I'm reading the book that I stand alone by Jesse Ventura.
It explains the status of the American political system in our country today.
After reading this book, understanding Mr. Ventura, I have only one thing to say.
Jesse Ventura for President 2004.
The total victory in free to be our role-powered with people. I'm a U-PAL.
Let's start a re-a-third party, a serious third party.
Like Jesse said, a centrist party, a populist party, not way out on the left, not way out on the right.
Finskily conservative, socially liberal. That's what a Merwormer is.
Jesse for President.
Like what I say is call out the whole goddamn count right now.
And just swear, man. Just put them in there.
Here's the lady in Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, good afternoon.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, back to Palm Beach at Lina College and all those little goose steppers over here.
Oh, God.
Listen, when I first moved to Florida, I really needed to get a degree quick.
And they offer a quick degree.
This is a Baptist college.
And I'm Jewish.
Uh-huh.
And I have.
Oh, exactly.
I sat in that classroom for a year.
And now anybody can go there, of course, if they love your money.
But I was told in the classroom that I was a non-person and had no right to exist,
because I had not expected Christ in my hut as my savior.
Of course.
And the teacher as the instructor is, where this is supposed to be, you know, a college where this is learning.
Did you see that you showed up there?
Oh, sure.
I'm wondering to myself, because I never heard of Palm Beach at Atlantic University before.
I kept wondering, what kind of a school is this?
They're all these right-wing goose steppers that were in there.
They're all young people.
What are they coming from?
They're heathens.
We're heathens.
They're, you know, the English Greeks.
The reason that they're Palm Beach at Lina is because they're, it's right now,
it's geographically desirable to where the county office building is.
They have the big auditorium there.
They're only at that five blocks away.
From where we're all from, from Graham Zero, where all the hubbubbs.
I went down in West Georgia hubbub on Saturday for about four hours and, oh, CNN.
I talked to Greta then, Professor Greta Greta.
Greta von Braun, yeah.
Exactly.
Honestly, she was very personable and very nice and talking and explaining everything to anybody.
Did you get anything about OJ?
I wanted to ask her, but I didn't dare.
And I got one of those teachers with the, with the goofy, with the,
the ballad.
Exactly.
And I asked her if she's fine and she was ready to, she said, better not.
It's too political, but she did give me her business card, which I thought was pretty nice.
She's good.
She's been very good on this.
She has been excellent.
And I've started taking the time talking with younger reporters from like different,
like school papers or something and really explaining what was going on in legal terms
to them to make it easier for them to understand.
She was most kind, most sweet.
Well, the good news is, Elsie Hastings got out alive on Friday from the Appalachian Lines.
Oh my God.
You know, am I guessing it's like five blocks away?
So I think they should, I'm sure they just took over that place because it has the big auditorium.
But it's, it's, they're the worst people I've ever met in my life.
Okay.
Ever.
Oh, and oh, I needed to email you something.
Yeah.
Then the Tony Cornheyes are article.
Can you put George back on some of your email?
Okay, hang on.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Okay.
Now let's ask the one at five sixty QM.
We're back.
We're back.
How long can we be back all the time as you listen to this?
He said he was disturbed by the qualities of the system.
But he felt that a preliminary injunction was not an appropriate remedy that he was ready
to grant at this time.
He thought that it was something that probably would be considered by a higher court and he wanted that.
Yeah, higher authority.
You better pray a lot, Ted.
Okay.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 and T and Verizon, I was flying.
What were the most pound?
Hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I got an observation here.
If you look at persons of color in America, the reason why they voted I would think was probably out of fear for this Republican administration.
Yeah.
The Jews probably voted for a couple of reasons, one didn't know the identity thing, but if you look at the persons of color in this country,
this is an unprecedented election 2000, never before in history, happy heads.
I mean, like shouldn't backlash like this.
And the only thing I can think of is it's out of fear for these people that they will have an existence in this country or it will be backed.
They were going to weigh in for no.
Several giant steps backward in time, that's right.
Exactly, exactly.
That's all I got.
Okay, excellent point and you're right.
And of course, when they voted, they would have liked for their vote to have counted, but in a lot of cases it did not.
I can do well County and in Palm Beach County and in Hillsborough County and lots of other places.
What do you think it goes to be used to that?
I get the shot on the way to the polls.
Yeah, that's true.
I forgot about that.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 and T and Verizon, or else getting dragged behind a truck in Texas.
I'll start, forget about that too.
Oh, isn't in Texas, was it?
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
A nail?
Yes, sir.
You know, there's been an incredible litany of lies perpetrated the last week by the Republicans and one of the more amusing lies I have to do with Richard Nixon.
You may or may not have brought this up on your show.
The fact that he didn't contest anything after the election.
Which is a lie right off the bat.
I mean, you know, first of all, several very important presidential historians have indicated that not only did he contest and get recounts in nine or ten states.
He sent a whole battery of attorneys and advisors down to all those states to raise hell.
And until he realized that even once the thing was tall he still could not win.
But he did everything in his power to try to cause all kinds of...
But it's all kind.
It's all part of this public relations spin that the Republicans have been running.
They've been running 24 hours a day between James Baker and all these other right wingers putting this spin on it.
Carl Roth tell all his lies twisting the statistics, taking numbers and talking about the over said undersist comparing him to just the over votes.
I mean, like I said last week, if they really had the truth on their side, they wouldn't have to be lying all the time.
You're talking about the thing like the butterfly ballot in Chicago, which wasn't used this time and never is used in presidential elections.
One last point.
And you've pushed on this in a humorous way over the last few days.
The thing that really scares the J.B.s out of me is that you're already seeing little reflections on who Bush is going to have surrounding him.
And when James Baker was the first visible part of his advisory team, this anti-Semi, it then chills down my spine that we're back to the days of his father.
And all the rather unsavory people that surround the despotter and now just scares the heck out of them.
It's just like this is so important.
It's the same bunch of fascist all over again, make no mistake about it.
Thank you Neil.
See you.
Same bunch of people that we rejected eight years ago, we said bye-bye, see ya.
We don't like your kind, we don't like your whole attitude, your bunch of losers, we don't like the goddamn deficit, we don't like the lies, like read my lips.
And I hate to say I told you so, but you shouldn't know, but there's lies about bringing morality and decency back and we care about you and the more power to the people.
Right.
More power to the people who heard it for us and everybody else, pop your ass, that's basically what they're saying.
You're dealing with a bunch of a leaders right wing subhuman pigs.
And this, and we need to was right about one thing, he was right about one thing, well he's right about several other things, they're just going about it the wrong way, but they should have been a slam dunk.
It should have come down to this.
What kind of bozos, I'll tell you what kind of bozos we got.
Every time they shoot and putting this thing with the speeches they're having up there with more, try by speaking them into the go.
And tell a haxi and the background here, we want first, wait, you know, who those people are, those are all FSU kids, those are all tell a haxi right wing, little sport FSU Republicans.
Yeah, having seen every time they showed it in tell a haxi.
Very sad, tragic.
I hope they all, they look all those guys up there, they'll open some other guy from Palm Beach Atlantic and have a wonderful life together.
Here's a mobile in the Kilar go hello.
Hello, yes, sir.
All right, man, listen, I'm a Nazaria here down here, vacationing in Florida.
I think it's a wonderful opportunity that I get to get on here and actually talk to somebody that's afraid all the stations that have been the Nazaria totally conservative.
Several points, the fact is that Bush's end campaign has been preaching anti-stabilism and now he's trying to use the feds to stop local control.
He said that limiting government works in his second debate, that that that was hypocritical too.
In fact, the Texas legislator only meets four hours out of every two years and this is the reason they couldn't stop a chips program.
I know I have to get a federal judge to mandate and state that that Texas was not needing their obligations according to that program.
Again, as hypocritical, again, education, he wants local control but he doesn't want local control of elections.
This is more than not, it's ridiculous, it's obvious.
He absolutely knows that he can't win this election, that little people voted for court.
If he really, if he really wins, he let as many recounts go on until the 12th of never.
Baker keeps trying to turn the tables by saying, well, they want enough recounts until they finally get a number they like.
The fact is that the Bush people, they have a number they like right now and they're saying, okay, let's cut it off right now because we're ahead.
Exactly. A G-O-P-T-V on Fox.
All Republicans directly have Clinton and Gore responsible when the Chinese supposedly go on nuclear secrets and when the Department of Education cannot find that that $60 million they spent.
Yes, Jeff is, I would assume as far as a fair election is involved, then Jeff would be directly responsible for not making sure that all of the precincts use the appropriate ballot.
Jeff, you're responsible, it's Clinton and Gore responsible.
None of these people directly overseas these things but it's a double standard. The Republicans always want to use it.
Now, one of your callers pointed out and this is these lies that the Republicans have been putting out in their little propaganda war and I want to point out a couple of words.
They tried to compare the 19,000 double punches and compare that to the 15,000 that were totally disregarded in 1996.
That is the 15,000 in 1996 also all invalid states.
I just said that, that's over as an under this is only over. We are almost 30,000 over as an under this time.
Exactly.
So it's recoupled and ridiculous.
Let me close it and let me just say congratulations for knowing in Missouri that a bed in it.
5,6705, well I can say that in Missouri because it's the show me.
Correct.
Let's say, yeah show me, you ask.
Okay, nice go on, sir. He's not a role but he finally said crap.
5,6705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T horizon.
I pulled it, they do you think will really ever know who won this election and the result of this, it always astonishes me.
Oh, here's Alan Bushiewicz.
The federal court granting the injunction.
We won and that means that the count goes on.
It doesn't mean that my clients are going to be satisfied with the count.
Mr. Olson mentioned that a lawyer in court threatened further litigation.
I was that lawyer on behalf of my clients.
If the count excludes the votes of some whose will is clearly reflected in the ballot,
we will pursue our options in the state courts.
The point is it proves that the state court system is working.
Even the video that Mr. Olson refers to, when explained by the relevant public official,
demonstrated that the system is working, that there were attempts to change it, they weren't changed.
There are consistent standards being applied, but every voter has the right to have his or her vote counted.
And when a will to vote for a certain candidate is manifest in the ballot, we will insist through the courts of Florida and through the judicial
and other administrative procedures of Florida that those votes be counted.
Okay, I just go in there, Alan Dushewitz.
5, 6, 7, and every county right now is respite.
Can't wait for that Volusia County recount.
10 o'clock to the either thereabouts, maybe before we go to bed, then we're going to have a number.
Here's a mobile in Boca, hello.
And now I was going to vote.
All right. I think they're scared. They're on the run.
What are the many Mexicans pushed right over across the Texas border to vote for?
Two and a half million, I'm hearing.
That'd probably be very interesting to know that one.
Hey, did you get the first press release after this all started?
The Bush Camp called Palm Beach County a Buchanan stronghold.
Yeah, I never knew Buchanan had a stronghold anywhere.
I mean, even in New York a little year.
And again, everything is relevant.
They keep trying to compare the numbers from the Republican primary from four years ago with the numbers from the presidential election.
And you look at the other counties and even a child could tell you how ridiculous it is.
Yeah, they're trying to confuse the issues to make everybody confused.
It's just like the salesman, a car salesman's tactic.
They want to confuse you so you buy them.
You know, it's just not working.
I mean, it's working on a lot of these Bush people up there.
What they're trying to do is spin their way into the White House.
That's what Baker and all these people are doing there.
They're trying to spin their way, win a PR campaign.
And even though they lost the election, both the electoral college and the popular vote,
they're trying somehow to be as their way in.
So they're placed to the censorship to come if they get in there.
Amen.
I'll talk to you later.
Heaven help us.
Okay, let's all say a prayer.
I will talk to you.
Whatever I mean.
Let's pray to you, Libberman.
And somebody thanks me something before.
And also is a good point.
You know, why not have been this close?
Stayed by Kentucky, Louisiana.
I can tell some of the states that bubble one back in 96.
You want to know one of the reasons that go probably lost those states this time?
Always.
Yeah.
His name is you, Libberman.
See, it would have been one thing if they picked a guy who was Jewish.
Who wasn't like Orthodox and weren't honest with him,
even making such an issue out of it.
Even the ACA, you said, hey, cut the crap.
Was it the ACA, the ADL?
ADL.
Yeah, the ADL made a big sentence about it.
But the fact is, if they could have picked some guy who just happened to be Jewish
and then I made an issue out of it, perhaps a lot of those people most safe
I just mentioned wouldn't have cared that much or wouldn't even notice.
And the irony, the whole thing is that he was supposed to be such a big asset
here in Florida in places like Palm Beach County.
And here because of the illegal Palm Beach County ballot,
what do we get?
Senator Villas, 58 people allegedly voted for Papu Cannon.
They were talking yesterday.
Did you see the fact that they were so desperate to try to find out who those people were?
They went around knocking on doors.
Couldn't find one person who voted for Papu Cannon.
And that came up after the bogus woman.
It could just like our first color we had today, the bogus call,
to get us started with.
You mean they couldn't find one that would admit it?
You know all those old Jews?
I don't know if they were in the closet.
The closet nuts, likely stirring.
Yeah, George is the one that said that.
Here's a mobile and Fort Waterdale, hello.
Yes, hi.
You know that there's a huge rally in Palm Beach downtown today at 3.30.
And it's just a Jackson.
And they expected it anywhere between 5,000 and 10,000 people to march in Palm Beach.
And to counter those Republicans and how happy those students you were talking about here.
So there is going to be support by the citizens, by the people, to show that Al Gore does have support.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks.
And you do know the FSU fight song, don't you?
You know I don't think these couples can stack up every month.
Oh!
Oh!
26 after 1 at 5.60.
And of course those tricks up there have been, what said Ducila and Uber Rottos man?
What's that?
A Neil Roger show.
Sports radio, 5.60.
Q.A.
S.H.A.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
George Bush, you're the pizza.
George Bush, you're the pizza.
George Bush, you're the pizza.
George, you're the pizza.
Hey, the rich boy will dress and the girls can't compete.
What he's going to do with all that can't pay money.
He's going to give us rep.
The girls people go on a free, with no confusion with the signs.
We can't point you up.
She is just a kid.
We're looking all over and it's still like this.
Hey, George, you and your wager ass, she's low.
Are you a brazen, lose my doubts?
That you did low-cap to a rubbish college kid, a token party.
And you can teach what the station does, George.
I don't think that you can hire a russet to get the name Jack London and the pizza.
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
What's the union in the pizza?
Well, 32 and 5.60 WKM, they're stalled out over there at the QN van.
Smart and final shopping center, corner of 4.41 in Hollywood,
Vobar, they have 790 bucks.
And cheer like you get a thousand by the time they get out of there by 1 or 2 o'clock.
All the best of meals you need, cassette, key chain, speech,
shirts, till 2 p.m. Joe Costello, the nephew and the QN van.
Smart and final shopping center, 4.41 in Hollywood, Vobar.
You go to salon.com, there's a great article by Joe Posner here about the fallacy of Nixon's grace, Alexa.
More of the lies that are being spread right now.
Oh yeah, well, Nixon, he was a statesman, yeah, right.
In fact, speaking of statesman, George Will,
as much as I despise him to begin with,
was obnoxious right wing bullcrap yesterday morning on this week on ABC.
He made a comment that was so ludicrous that everybody else on the panel
they were laughing at him and it really would have had great impact except they were moving on to whatever the guest was going to say.
About how nobody is handling this like a statesman and he kept saying,
except George Bush, except George Bush, like a statesman.
Didn't you think it was statesman like when his dog took a leak out on the ground there the other day?
When he was out there with a patch on his push.
I thought that was pretty, uh,
George Bush, where it statesman like,
see the Bush people they have dog problems, remember Millie?
Yeah, Millie used to do that.
And now this one's got a dog that keeps peeing on the garden,
which is nothing wrong with peeing on the grass, I guess.
But now, while the camera's a real one, okay?
I thought he was going to kick the poor thing.
Here's a mobile and candle, hello.
Yeah, and he'll let me show.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I just want to touch up on four points that I think are on this beautiful.
First of all, rush limbo you're an athlete.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T,
and who lies the wireless line.
Here's Fort Waterdale, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Uh-huh.
Uh, simple solution to the problem.
Give half of both to each candidate that the ballots were double punched.
I think that's all of everybody's problem right here.
Yeah, there you go. Okay.
Uh-huh. How about a tour of the vote?
You've turd.
Here's North Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I haven't spoken to you in a long time.
I wanted to do a little, uh, right wing Christian basting, if I could.
No way to hit it.
Take all the time you want.
Well, I graduated from a Bible college and saying that I was a Democrat when I was there,
you would have thought that I was the anti-crite.
Very extreme right wing.
The Christians, a lot of Christianity today has gone so far to the right.
The-the-the-the-notty party would be proud of.
You mean like a Palm Beach, a Latest University?
Yeah.
Palm Beach County, where she ended up that we did.
Well, so I'm-well, Friday.
I was gonna write you a note.
But that-I-I was all sicked in so that I could get a call.
My pastor went there and I left the church last year and I haven't gone back to church since.
I had to think-we were talking about murder and stuff and I was talking about Christians committing murder.
And he basically threw me out of the church because he said no Christian in history has ever committed murder.
I could get that whole.
You are an ambassador.
Wow.
And now-all I have to say is a one.
I go with you to church and do work and all I ever talk about was King of State constantly.
And when the Jeb Bush is wise, that thing happened and I said, what about that?
And he said, oh, no, don't make a big deal out of nothing.
And I said, how are you making a mountain out of the whole hill, man?
She just was shoplifting a little bit.
You have from-from GW on down, you have the most self-righteous finger pointing hipper clips that I've ever seen in my life.
And they're dragging Christianity through the mud.
They make us all look like assholes who were not.
Okay, pal.
And hey, you know what?
It's a shame that this has a collection had to come down to this.
We didn't have a good candidate on the other side.
I would-there's no Republican.
I would ever vote for it except for Teddy Roosevelt did a lot for this.
And Teddy Peele, okay, thank you.
No, seriously, she's shoplifting.
You think it was just that she was smuggling the stuff in?
She didn't have any receipts for it because she's shoplifting.
She never paid for it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's hear it for Columbus.
Woo!
You think George P is still chasing that running around in the parking lot in circle?
Chase him and pull a trick around, yeah.
Anybody ever see George P?
Here's Naples, hello.
Hey, I know, you know, pretty good.
First off, I speak out of George P.
I saw him up this week in Tah-Hat to use right around the dorms there for to stay trying to chase and grow.
Yeah.
But really, you know, I'm really just so sick of this and everything like that.
I can't wait, really, for the next election.
I decided that I probably wasn't going to vote in the next election because my vote was going to mean anything.
But now I'm pretty much decide that, you know, I'm going to vote not Republican, not Democrat.
I'm just going to vote for the third party, you know, because really,
I vote in mean anything this time evidently.
And so, you know, I figured a third party candidate like Jesse, if he would have run or something like that,
you know, he's at least not going to put up with this crap.
He'll go out of there, body slam somebody and kick him in the head.
I guarantee if Jesse Ventura is out of battle the next time he's going to win.
Oh, I guarantee you too.
I mean, I know all vote for him.
I'm voting for him 80 times.
I'll vote for him the least 80 times.
Hey, I got a civil request for you speaking around.
It's about a year ago, some of my fraternity guy called up on the phone talking about running on the beach with his fraternity brothers.
Oh, yeah.
Can you play that call if you've got it somewhere?
What do we call it, George, the fraternity, but what, no?
Oh, this guy.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And I just wanted to ask, do you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends for?
What does that mean?
Well, it means...
What does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody's best friends.
It has to do with the fraternity.
And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on, but it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends.
One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
Nor have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay, in the fraternity...
Don't take showers with them.
Don't step towels at them.
All right.
In the fraternity house, we don't socialize quite in shouts together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes into showers.
Well, it's not a question of socializing in a shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternity and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiations.
When you're an age of adolescent, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that don't like you.
What I say like you, I mean they like to say nature, they play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why,
become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend,
or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming a sexual experience is...
Well, it could be.
It could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or non-sexuals, they're relevant.
No, no, it's not. It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is. No, it is not.
When you're in an fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have a friend.
So because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a that you take showers with them
because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And these certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Or that you have groups that can help them.
You know, some of the high belong to a health club.
And the health club that I belong to is a completely heterosexual health club.
Yeah. But the shower is a shower with six-thousand.
Now do you think that I've become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea. Only you can answer that question.
Okay. But that's not a lot of it.
I will tell you this. There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the club.
That's beside the point. Me, personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity using health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
But we do believe you.
Don't sound as if we believe you.
The point of a fraternity and community and shower is in group sex and whatnot.
It's not a question.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity is hazing and the point of becoming part of another.
What is the point of making an out of it?
What is the point of making a young kid get naked?
I'll tell you what it is.
I'll tell you.
I'll give you a straightforward answer.
A straightforward answer.
When you belong to a fraternity, and I'll say it again,
you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
And part of you, why are you so worried about getting naked for you?
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you place not to with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with,
you share intimate moments.
That's intimate moment.
That's sexual.
What I say is intimate.
I don't mean sexual.
I mean, intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else
who is not your friend.
For example, you have something that sounds so faggy to me that even I'm a birch for you, sir.
When you want to know, it sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys,
you're never going to share this experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you need.
Why would you run a bunch of guys?
Why would you run a bunch of guys?
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on.
Hazing is not a question of you.
You don't have a choice.
Right.
Because why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their friends?
What else?
My clotted friend.
I'm at every day here.
That hang out at the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
I'm at every day experiencing people do not get a fraternity walk around naked in order they should naked in here.
No, stop, stop, I'll forgive you.
You might have to stop when I talk to you.
Stop with the theme and the theme bath.
Okay.
Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see if these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for us.
No, it's a matter of lack of respect.
It's a matter of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves and embarrass them humiliate themselves.
Who is the reason for that?
It's a matter of my idea.
Wow, but if you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this.
Okay.
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child can tell you.
If somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass.
Okay.
There's a good message for all your kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked,
Hanky-Panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a band.
It run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
You're gay.
Exactly.
142 at 560 QA.
What are you talking about?
That's on purpose.
That's on purpose.
That's supposed to be hip and cool and those...
Yeah, I don't know.
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
Something like a bad day hour.
That's record.
Sounds like...
Sounds like that.
890.
890.
We can make it 110 more bucks at the QA and Van.
You got another quarter hour almost.
Drill console in the nephew.
Look for the QA and Van in the smart and final shopping center quarter of 441 in Hollywood Boulevard.
Rest in the OC views.
He said key change in featured.
We need another 110 bucks for a thousand a day.
Let's get women.
You might mention my name is the right smart from Derry.
132 at 560 W.C.
We got the mad dog for Hank and Chula's stay two today.
Don't forget that big hockey game that I had landed thrashers here.
Maybe a team we might be able to base.
What do you think?
Come on.
Here's Dayland.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Mr. Miel.
And back to you.
I'm from Europe and I've been talking to some friends over there.
Yes.
And they're telling me it looks a little like Asian and Serbian elections.
Maybe we should get me low history.
Yeah, Miel, he's not doing much these days.
We can get him over here.
Yeah.
Okay, that's all I got in the angelic show.
Okay, thank you.
Love you, dude.
Love you.
Hocings.
Okay.
Do we?
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on EAT and T for us.
Do we?
Not Thomasy, do we?
No.
No, we don't.
That's the question, but how about that third question?
Do you think we'll really ever know who won a selection?
425 votes, it's reloaded.
429 votes.
298 said.
No.
That's 59.5%.
But 30.5%, 131 said.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
And for the Bush people out there that are salivating and waiting in the wings in case they lose out here in Florida.
Hoping that they can post a more hanky, pancular vision in New Mexico in Oregon, Wisconsin, and Iowa.
Lading pretty much across Iowa out.
Because they did a recount in Cedar County, Iowa.
Bush and Grover tied even even in Cedar County, Iowa.
Final vote, Grover 4,033, Bush 4,031.
Grover picks up two votes.
And they were talking to the Republican guy from the elections board there in Iowa.
And I asked him, I'm CNN here, I'm going to go.
You think that they did the matter, we can't go to the whole state that there's any chance it would change the outcome.
He said very unlikely.
Because they got new voting machines, and they don't do the crap that we do here.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Boca.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
First, Nader and his followers go down in history.
The wrong way.
Right.
But the other thing is all these Bush supporters and one-havu, the oral people have a lot of heavy money into the campaign.
And the pharmaceutical people, don't forget them.
And they're looking for a return.
And the NRA people don't forget about them.
And if they don't get it, they're not going to be too happy.
Right.
God bless them.
And God bless us.
Thank you.
Okay, say how to tiny Tim.
Now with tiny Tim, said God bless us one and all.
Of course the people are in the young people and not from tiny Tim.
Not that tiny Tim.
I'm just, I'm exhausted from all this.
You know what?
I'm in the vacation tomorrow's clap.
Here's a model in this game, Gordon.
Hello.
Hey, I'm all right.
By the way, that guy that called a couple of colors ago, he is gay.
For the guy, he's gay.
Yeah, no question about it.
I'm not saying that he said there's nothing better than running naked on the beach with your buddies.
How do you like that?
I don't know about that.
What is that?
Let's let you know this.
I'm already so Republican.
I've never been able to go Republican.
How about that?
Yeah.
It's incredible.
Not a good scam, anyways.
And even in one last thing, just to really make her day worse, let you know that they're going to fund the alien housing for a museum.
How about that?
All right.
Nice going.
Nice commerce, baby.
The American FNW, little capitalism down there in a little Havana.
Like I said, we just had a report that I made up that there's a 23 million illegal alien phony dead people who voted in Dave County.
And like the color said, right at the beginning of the show, if you could see it, if they do wind up doing a recount in Dave County, it is going to be unbelievable.
You think we had a scandal with Xavier Suarez business?
You ain't seen nothing yet.
151 at 5, 60 WQA-M.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio.
560s, QA-M.
Detriminalized putt in Florida.
It's trying to go to the closing statements.
That's closing work.
It's one of my top priorities to be a federal family in the United States.
Handguns that are so widely available that kids are finding ways to get a hold of them.
I'm a grandfather now.
I want to be able to tell my grandson what we were filing and unpredictable.
I'll do whatever is necessary if I'm present to make sure that it stays that way.
And I ask for your support.
So the most important thing is to have a new commander in chief who went money to corrupt officials.
And to make sure our society is as helpful as it possibly can be.
Every single child in America must be put to death.
I mean, every child.
We can close public schools.
I'm a hard, hard, person.
And I don't care about children.
You feel that is a federal rule over the country.
I do 156 of 560 WQM.
How much 930 bucks we can do another 70 in the next four minutes at the QA and fans.
Martin final shopping center corner 441 Hollywood billboard.
And you actually get to shake hands with a lovely Joe Castello.
And maybe even to take a look at the nephew and say goodbye to it and say goodbye to the nephew.
I'm sorry, I'm not in the past because this is last week.
Here's a mobile and where we going?
We're going to a mobile and L.A.B.
Chilla.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I spoke about something we might actually have been saying like the legalization of marijuana throughout the country.
What do you think? You think Florida will have a benefit?
No.
Why not?
Because Florida afforded a bunch of earth forests.
We can't get this.
We can't get casino gambling. We're going to legalize pot.
Yeah, but you know, if you structure the ballot right, we might actually get away with it.
Yeah, if we could maybe if we could tie it in with social security, I think the answer is yes.
You know, I think we know something.
If we could tie it in with social security and early bird dinners guaranteed.
I think if we made it more work like a single card, we'd have better opportunities.
There you go.
I'll tell you what, no, for those two of you and some of my people who thought we were really going to figure out who won.
Link to know what?
