560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil.
560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil.
877-75 Neil is a toll-free company expressed by Neil Rogers.
His guest's are callers.
It's not reflect those of the beastly broadcast for its staff.
Advertisers or agency.
Now, the Neil Roger Show on 560 QAM.
I'll get it!
It's a blow!
Oh!
Oh!
I mean record stores now.
It's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McLeod purges all the Christmas favorites.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Ali McLeod purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I want to have a little fun now.
Let me find out.
WQAM, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you this morning?
Great.
Hey, by any chance, did you happen to read showsy lamb eats column yesterday?
About.
About Gloria Estefan's response to the election?
No.
How wonderful it is to live in a country where somebody will win and everybody will accept it.
Oh!
Isn't that great?
Are you going to be accepting it?
No.
I don't think I am either.
No matter which one of them gets it, I still want to accept it.
Actually, I am more shocked to hear from you than George is one.
I was simply just calling the facts over the article.
Oh, no.
I have cruised through his column in about ten seconds every time it's in there.
Not pretty weak.
That's what all it takes.
All right.
Well, that's it for me.
Get me copy by Cisembrace.
I'm surprised you didn't write in Ali-on.
Now, she did mention Ali-on.
She said, gone are the political correct in his days when she was out there fighting for Ali-ungans.
Yeah.
Blah, blah, blah.
Who an Andy Garcia.
She said the election has been a fantastic experience in democracy.
Yeah.
I'm thrilled to be living in a country where at the end someone will win and everyone will win.
Even for Della's in Bersport.
So what does that tell you?
I'm in to that.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Gloria Estefan.
Big fan of hers because that's f***ing big.
Can she sing?
No.
Does she know what else she's talking about?
No.
Suffering, grandizing bitch.
But nevertheless.
Oh, there's Charles Beerbauer.
Don't panic now.
I mean, I'm not hung up on this thing with the elected or not.
But we certainly, we got the TV on.
We got the TV on.
Or, uh, or, uh, we're still waiting.
There's nothing going on.
You'll be the first one to know the instant that something happens.
We'll go like.
And then we'll just go on with the show and we'll tell you.
Now, we'll tell you.
We'll tell you because I know that everybody out there is getting the-
Oh, and the goddamn Supreme Court and the fricking Scalia.
Well, you're right about that.
But what are we going to do about it, huh?
What are we going to do about it?
See, the real ones that screwed up big time with the Florida Supreme Court.
People think that they've done a great job.
They'd go or people think they've done a wonderful job for us.
But they haven't.
Because the first time that they issued the major ruling when they said,
well, not so fast, Secretary, I'm bush.
You still, they have a right to appeal those three counties.
And you go ahead and vote and you got five minutes to do it.
So that was the problem.
Over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
I'm sitting there in the apartment in Amsterdam watching that on CNN International.
I'm thinking to myself, I didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out if they're going to recount all those
a million and whatever it was votes, they're never going to get it done in time.
So they could have given them 10 days.
And that's still what have been many days ago.
They would have had it all done.
But of course, it would have taken away all this fun we're having.
And then, and then when they said, okay, well, guess what?
On the Friday.
Wasn't it Friday afternoon at four o'clock when they said, okay, start counting again.
Now, because they were so careful, so careful that it's according to Florida statute,
this is according to the legislature to make sure that they didn't piss off the US Supreme's
on a thing about the legislature as opposed to the Constitution.
But at the same time, they were easily could have said, and here is the standard by which you'll determine the intent of the voter.
So that this whole business about equal protection of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution,
and the Audi Audi, which is a clock or crap, but nevertheless, it would have been a mood point.
They could have done it smart, if this is what they were going to do.
Did they do it smart?
No.
No, they didn't.
They did it real dumb, and that's why now the ball is in the court of the Supreme's.
And Diana Ross ain't even there right now.
She's offered a holiday with Gloria Estefan.
They're doing it.
Oh, and I want to thank Speaker of celebrities for whom I have usually nothing but contempt.
But nevertheless, thank you, I know Cortez it's facts.
Get a package in the mail this morning.
I'll open it up and there's a beautiful, the Weasemaguel pillow.
Look at that.
Not a big one.
Just about the right side.
Right side.
Yeah, just right side.
Yeah, a biting pillow.
But anyway, shut up, Louise.
But thank you, one, as it's a beautiful thing.
It says, knowing of your admiration for the Weasemaguel, we expect music wanted you to have this gift
is a small token of our appreciation.
You see, say, token?
She must be thinking of Clarence Thomas.
Well, there's, look at that.
All bottle was...
It's Roger Cossack.
We're just going to have to wait on what's on.
What's the opinion is?
And of course, it is cold out here and that's another reason.
And see, just like I said, nice go Roger.
Right on cue is usual.
You stand right outside the US Supreme Court waiting for the Supremes to start singing that song.
That'd be a good pull.
What's the Premes song besides you?
Keep me hanging on.
We'll be good right now.
See, today is December the 12th in case you haven't looked at your calendar.
But they keep telling us, oh, well, this date doesn't really mean anything.
That's just a morality.
And we still have to leave 18th.
And then that date don't really mean it.
We got to tell Janet where to sit.
We got to tell hell freezes over.
And you know something that looked from these pictures I'm watching.
I'm like maybe hell did freeze over.
All those big snowstorms up north, all you people.
It's like, oh gee, Shermershot up there in Chicago and New York.
I don't think right now you do.
No.
This is the only time of the year that it's worth being here.
The only time is when people are freezing their ass off and trying to throw the car out in the morning.
That was one of my least favorite things about living up north.
Scraping the windshield.
Especially in Michigan.
I mean, Rochester was nasty.
Upstate New York is pretty wicked.
Buffalo especially.
But I tell you, Michigan is just something about the extra wind.
And I don't know what it is.
It's just come swooping across the great lakes.
And East Lansing, I think, was even worse than Detroit.
East Lansing just, oh, trying to walk the class on those few times when I did go to class.
Maybe that's why I didn't go to class.
Was that the reason?
No.
No, I just wanted to sleep in and drink a lot of mythibol.
But anyway, the wind just blows through you.
Speaking of blows, this thing with our fundraiser for Planet Parenthood is really weak.
I don't want to start two not the audience, but man, you guys are pathetic.
Weak.
Do you know how much we have right now?
You didn't see this, did you?
No.
Because Miguel just did his usual great job and callyed all up.
And he's the old tally wacker in there.
And since last week, we've only added $3,560 to our total.
Today is the 12th of December.
Now you think with Christmas and Hanukkah, this is generally the time of the year,
when everybody is out there buying best-in-eal CDs and cassettes for their kids,
for their kids off in college, for their friends, for everybody.
What a great holiday gift.
It expects all of our daydried palm beach and even the Naples and Fort Myers.
And yet, for some reason, unbeknownst to me enough, we would have had a lot more key chains
that would have helped, but we don't.
They're all gone.
Or if you would have done some appearances and signed those CDs.
No, if we would have done some appearances, doesn't make any difference, mister.
The appearances we've done the last couple of years, you could fit in these two rooms
the number of people we've had.
And the number of people that I want to see at those appearances, you could fit in this room
and have room for the Chinese Army left over.
With all the respect, I mean, you know, people make the effort to get in their car,
they spend a whole hour driving through traffic to come, you know.
But, uh, jeez, after the first 600 picture cards over these 25 years,
you think their collection would be complete.
But the fact is that most of the people out there, just like when Joe went out in the van last time
and a whole bunch of people coming up when we said we had those free buttons to give away.
If you have free stuff, there's no time how many people will show up.
Maybe we might have to do a thing as a pizza lot, you know.
Just one.
What do you think?
Yeah, one.
There.
For tradition.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I think about it.
Because I'm sick and tired of signing those stupid things.
They are.
Grand Finale.
They're the ones who don't want to go into the CDs.
They don't want to see the CDs unless it's got your jar.
Oh, that's crap.
They want to do that.
They could.
Who's saying that?
They, they, the audience, the people that normally buy that stuff.
Who told you that?
All of them.
You're following the crap that people did.
You're following Bologna.
That's a bad guy I just called.
People.
Yeah, right.
People bring me the sheet.
Hello.
Me.
Yes.
We want to see you in person.
No, you don't.
Yes, I do.
No, you don't.
You're lovely, Paul.
No, you don't.
Yes.
No.
No.
No.
Yes.
Do I want to see him?
No.
No, I don't want to see him.
No, I don't want to see him.
I don't even know him.
Okay, we'll get back to that in a second.
We go to the break.
We'll watch you now.
They're talking to each other.
Here's Daniel Webster.
Nice penmanship, Daniel.
Nice dictionary, too.
Daniel Webster, the Florida State Senate.
He's another fascist.
Why do you call Republican fascists?
Because it's tooth and packaging.
That's why.
I mean, it didn't used to be all fascists.
But now, I'm trying to think, is there one Republican that we could like a moderate, uh,
Abe Lincoln?
No, I'm talking contemporary.
No.
No, no.
No, we used to have like Jacob Javitz, liberal Republicans, and Kim Kins.
I think heating and little wiker once upon a time is Republican.
And, uh, no.
I'm trying to think of one.
Well, you think about it real hard, folks.
Yeah.
Now, I'm, push your lips.
Oh, I still haven't told you how much we got.
Well, it's pretty weak.
No, if we don't get close to 100 grand, I'm going to want to know why.
Of course, we're still waiting for the big checks to come in from QAN, from Beasley and from Greg Reed, yeah.
We're fortunate to serve in the New Zealanders.
We should have the express written submission of WQAN, Basin Broadcast Group, and corporate.
Maybe you know my jockey shirt.
One to the most Sunday long, always right, oh, you're going broke.
Swat to the most, and then I'll always fight off.
You're going broke.
That's why the speaking class picked up lots of people, were quite horrific.
That's why the parking space here, although the chances are quite horrific.
Very, very, very, very Christmas.
One to the most, and then I'll always fight off.
You're going broke.
One to the most, and then I'll always fight off.
You're going broke.
Swat.
1013 to 560 WQAN.
Happy Tuesday to you.
Got my eye on it.
Don't worry.
Got my floater.
It's just zeroed right in there on CNN.
Don't panic.
Are they doing anything yet?
No.
Waiting for the US Supreme Court.
We're waiting.
Poor yesterday, who are the cheapest people in the world?
729 people recorded their vote, and the good news is the French Canadians.
The frogs won.
Hands down, your pants.
French Canadians, 435.
60% said those cheap French Canadians, you frogs go back home, you.
Parle, who get lost?
We hate them.
Like poison.
They're cheap.
They're disgusting.
They're ugly, they're grotesque.
Jews, wait a minute, it's reloading now.
Like I said, 733 votes of which French Canadians got 438.
Jews, 244.
And the Cubans, who are always being picked on, especially by this audience, 51.
A distant third with only 6.9%.
See, there's that 6 in the 9 again.
Yeah.
Always turns up on my poll.
But at any rate, so let's hear it from the Cubans.
They're cheap.
They made piss a lot of people off from time to time, but they're not at least cheap.
At least not like the Jews, and certainly not like the frogs.
Our poll today, let me ask the question first, and I'll give you a little in a couple of minutes.
The reason I'm asking this poll, because there's a story out of front page of the Sun,
on the set of this morning, one of my favorite topics.
Coke and a Creek baseball player is accused of hazing.
It is a grotesque, a disgusting, a totally unacceptable story.
I'm the typical kind of factory that goes on in the fraternities, in the military, in high school, college.
I mean, you name it.
Faggery.
I was saying to George this morning, just as they older I get to more realize the model of people,
especially in the US and the US, don't do what I do, do what I say.
Most people talk a good game, but in their own life, they don't practice it.
Just like the thing about anal sex.
Oh, that's a fact thing, an oral sex.
Oh, that's a fact thing.
Oh, it's big and an oral sex.
You know, and maybe the president's going to take credit for this.
For a lot of a veneer old disease that's going to be spreading around.
I was reading an article on the plane going over to Amsterdam this last time,
and USA Today, I guess it was, a staggering number of kids like 12 to 17.
I've participated in an oral sex, and they don't, oh, they're, thank you very much, not going to go home.
That's got to check for me.
Thank you very much.
Oh, I thought maybe that was a check from the beesleaves for plant perinor.
Thank you.
But anyway, a staggering number of kids now don't think that oral sex is really sex.
Yeah, I was talking about it during the summer.
Yeah.
There was a article out.
Oh, maybe the thing about that.
Maybe those don't think anything about that.
And so kids are like, given blow jobs like, yeah, right.
It's not, that's not having sex.
I was born in the wrong time.
We didn't have that going on in our dinner, but you're missing the point that, well, forget about that.
I mean, certainly, orals, you can't spread any kind of disease through oral sex, can't it all?
Oh, thank God for that.
That's all of them.
Oh.
But anyway, what?
Anyway, what the hell was I just talking about about hazing?
Here's the poll.
Check out so much stuff going on.
Now the duck gave me that check.
My mind is wandering.
Here's the poll today, Eric.
Hazing.
I'll give you three choices.
Hazing, first choice.
Is just kids having fun?
Is stupid but harmless?
Or is unacceptable behavior?
Those are the three choices.
Huh?
Great.
I'll give good poll if I do say so myself.
Sometimes the show sucks, but I give good poll.
Usually when the show sucks, it's because the caller's suck.
Anyway, our total for plan period, or it has got me extraordinarily distressed.
I'm thinking maybe it's partly because maybe we don't have any audience anymore.
That could be it.
It's possible.
Although highly unlikely.
70,040 bucks.
That's pretty weak.
Although it is the truck one.
You give me an idea.
That's not going to...
Considering I put the first ten in there, the seed money will get to think going.
On the van hits, they've raised 16,500.
That's specs 20,000 so far, which is extraordinarily weak.
And the website we've gotten, 23,640 bucks.
You can go to neo-roggers.com and order the seed season cassettes.
And like I said, we should add a lot more key chains.
We'd already be around 100 grand.
But nobody listens to me.
Nobody will listen to me.
Hey, we're not feasible.
I don't want to go through that again.
It was feasible.
How are you with the nephew about it?
The nephew is not here.
I think that's another problem.
Here we are.
This is the biggest fundraiser.
In fact, it's the only fundraiser this radio station gets involved in all year long.
Because before I came here, they never heard of it.
Like, what's that?
Fundraiser?
What's that all about?
Getting involved in the community?
What's that all about?
See, they only know about it going the other way.
Coming in, not going out.
And former Gellarsson, and they're who I think it's criminal that he isn't the promotion director yet.
I have no idea why that has to happen.
Yeah, you do.
No, but no, that's right.
I'm lying.
I do know why, because then they'd have to pay him.
But he can sit there and just be the promotion's flunky like he always was before.
Now that the promotion director left, we don't have to hire a new one.
Or make him the promotion director.
Because then we'd have to pay him.
The promotion director is full salary.
And because these are a bunch of cheap pricks, they don't want to do that.
But my point being, even setting that aside, which is trust my ass,
because he certainly keep bulldozing a fine job, but he has no assistance.
So on those rare occasions, when we do have something going on,
Joe Costello's got to come in and donate his time to go out and do the stuff for us,
which we appreciate.
But it's just not the way to run a promotion.
Because this station knew how to run a promotion?
No.
As a matter of fact, speaking of Greg, freaking read,
remember when I was chaining my heart checked out when I came back and I worked that Monday?
Yeah.
And then I came in on Tuesday.
I think it was the following day on Wednesday that he finally showed his post in here.
Not that I need to see him.
Believe me, I don't want to see him.
Because that stupid look on his face just, oh, it just drives me nuts.
That kind of like what me worry look.
But at any rate, and he was telling me, oh yeah, well, the following week,
meaning last week, they were going to be coming in here for this promotional thing.
Was supposed to be in the year about that?
No.
Well, we're not doing it.
I mean, obviously we're not.
It's just another lie.
Just another lie.
So the fact that we've only raised 70,000 for charity and that 90% of the audience is gone,
I mean, God only knows how many people have got left on those portfolios.
Huh?
How many people do you think they got left on the worst team?
Behind.
Yeah.
They got Richie from Borishead.
And then the guy with the ticket said, John guy, the call right there at the end,
and then the couple other guys.
That's about it on the worst team.
Then they know it too.
Now, there's three guys doing the show, which means they only got like three listeners of peace.
Left at this, that's pretty weak.
But anyway, speaking of weeks, 70,040 bucks for plan parenthood,
with those nifty and these CDs this year are sensational.
They're great.
There's great stuff on there.
Thank you.
No, there is.
Painstaking.
Right.
And in the last week, 3,560 bucks, so it's not happening.
You're not going out there to specs.
You're not doing the stuff.
You're not going to, and maybe people can call in and let us know why.
Maybe they just want to, maybe they just cheap.
Maybe that's what it is.
Of course, they never would admit that.
All the CDs suck.
Yeah, right.
The CDs are great.
There's Greta.
She's still waiting too.
I just mentioned that in passing.
But I mean, to think that we can't even raise 100 grand for charity
on a promotion that goes on for three months, that we've always in the past.
What do we get last year?
Do we have any idea?
A little more than that.
More than what?
Like, I'll probably 100 by the end of it.
Yeah, I don't know if we were over.
We've finally creeped around 100 last year, but don't forget last year we had a very late start number one.
And number two, we had the embarrassment to overcome the OJ golf tournament,
which really just kind of like stopped there.
And we had the CDs, the bad, the faulty CDs in the beginning.
Right.
See, doing promotions on this radio station, but a major disaster right from the beginning.
The first year we didn't do any before I was on the year because they were too cheap to put up the seed money.
They made all kinds of other excuses, but they were a bunch of cheap pricks.
And they were afraid they'd have to put out 50 set to get started.
They wanted to do it.
Plus they knew that they would screw it up anyway.
The second year, that was the year that Sam came in.
Remember Sam?
Anybody remember him?
No.
No.
He's long gone out of sight out of mind.
Thank God.
Well, that stupid phony thing.
Oh, my goal is 300,000.
I made a big joke out of it.
The recycled chart.
Yeah, the recycled chart from the sales department that had to with some campaign that they were doing.
And so he just picked it out of the awful wall somewhere.
My goal is 300,000.
I don't bet OJ slices his neck.
Doesn't kill him just injures him severely, okay?
If he looks at his will, he will.
Yeah.
So anyway, we have a long way to go.
I just mentioned that in passing as I'm frustrated.
At the tremendous, the few go the erase the money on this radio station for a very good charity
and a very good cause with a very good CD that we put out there.
I think the pizza lost idea is very good.
Yeah, but how much are we going to raise there in one night?
A couple grand?
I mean, you know, it's not that bad.
A couple of three.
A dollar three forty.
As a matter of fact, next Tuesday, a week from today is a trend.
A 230.
So we can celebrate the loss of the audience and we can see if we have anybody still listening.
Yeah, but I don't want to.
Now, if we could get some different people, some new and different people to come out,
that would be the test.
You know, you know the one something.
Yeah, I don't want to see the guy with the eyes.
I don't want to say Gilbert.
I don't want to see, I don't even know the names.
What was the one guy's name that they almost hired here?
The thing?
I don't want to see the thing.
Oh, Jesus, Joseph and Saul.
Man.
No, you know what I'm talking about?
Of course I do.
That old trench coat from before Benjamin Franklin was a baby.
But we still want their money.
Yeah, but we still want their money.
And then first of all, most of those people are also Gilbert.
It's worth putting up with him for about five minutes because Leise, he brings them money.
But where do you want Saul?
Yeah, okay.
Have a nice holiday, Gilbert.
Oh, it's a matter of fact.
Speaking of that, where's the thing where he does an air?
This is the amazing Gilbert.
We minded you not to drink and drive this holiday.
Great, nice job.
You just send us some money.
You idiot.
So maybe we'll do that next Tuesday or maybe not.
But we'll find out from this audience what the problem is whether we'll turn loose any cash.
I know I'm not going to take the check from that guy for that truck flyer's fan.
I don't care if we have $7,000 or $70,000, I still wouldn't take his check because I just don't like his damn attitude.
I don't like suck ups.
I can't stand.
And of course we know.
Look at that.
The door opener a little bit there.
I bet you somebody is ready to give you a check from the company.
Oh, it's him.
Did he give us a check?
I won't mention this day, my name.
Did he give us a check from Plain Pyrunda?
No.
How many of the salespeople do I see at a real radio station which this is not?
The salespeople, the sales managers, the general manager, the company, all those people helped us every time we did a fundraiser.
A hundred bucks, 500 to 1000.
Since I put money in everybody else's pocket, they would help us out.
You see what I'm saying?
I don't want to put any pressure on you with all the money that I make you.
I don't want to do that.
But you take that 100 bucks and we got people that are building drop boards and that on some stupid ballgame every day.
I don't want to mention default by name or anybody else or in those punks and those little underlings in there, those Eddie K. Juniors that are out there sucking around.
There was GA in waiting guys which we got a whole list of them.
So instead of throwing away 100 bucks on some stupid goddamn ballgame on the overs and the under in the ins and the outs,
they might write a check to plan characters, somebody would show them how to write a check.
Maybe they're bookie control on to do it.
Much of cheap pricks.
You cheap Jews down there in the sales department.
Let's take that pull over again. Who's the cheapest?
Yeah, we don't have any French Canadians working here.
You should change the Jew category to Jew salespeople.
Yeah. Radio salespeople.
I'm voting on my poll so yeah.
So I didn't see and I didn't even mention his name.
Because I don't want a single amount.
He said he'll give you 100 bucks after that.
Good. See, that's what I'm going to have to resort to now is embarrassing these cheap mother scratches in this building to come through with some cash for our charity.
I mean, what kind of a thing is it?
And that again, it underlines the underscores the fact that we're not part of this radio station.
We got two separate worlds. We got the sports world here and we got the Neo-Wildger show.
And that's it. And never the twain shall meet.
The only connection we got is Hank.
There's the Neo-Hank connection and we do crossovers.
He came in there. We did Friday with a court thing.
That's great.
Because Hank understands how a real radio station works.
He understands how you succeed.
But other than that, that's all we got.
Because the rest of these people it's like, well, we're in their way just like when that first couple of weeks we were here.
We didn't carry some stupid sports press conference.
Oh, gee, that's...
And Barry Jackass is writing a whole thing in a newspaper.
Did Barry Jackass ever write one thing about the great ratings we've had on this show for three years?
No.
Or I'll remember who that we're bringing in this goddamn radio station so Greg, we can be a sports sunkey.
No, he never wrote anything about that.
Not one word, Barry. You Jackass.
And did we get any money from Barry Jackass?
No.
We didn't even get a check from him, that little puddle hacker.
Of course, he probably has to pay mommy a guess money to drive him back and forth the work every day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're still waiting on the Supreme Court.
Okay, don't panic. I sit in here. There's the Whatsur name on it.
And there's the other Whatsur name in Washington. She's freezing the ransom.
They're all freezing the ransom.
And they're all thinking, Jesus Christ, let's get this over with already so we can go inside.
And I don't blame them.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQA.
This station stands for nothing.
Lost my to pay man when that raw mouth wind did blow
And my cold you bet there's my bold head if she winches deep and snow
Lost my to pay man
It's embarrassing nights can be
Gotta find it safe cause this world just may go and use it as a real
It might have been no elastic holding it's a children's house
I only hope my chipmunks didn't make an extra wear a trot
Oh, I lost my to pay man yeah, old Tony's quite dismay
But I'll say goodbye and hold the sign
I'll hold to a day someday
Oh, he's real big with a kid's eye.
I don't even know. No, he's not.
But I was, where the hell are you ever make that up?
They just make up all kinds of crap.
They say it off enough some people believe it. 10, 31 at 5, 60, WQM.
George is left for the day just ran out. I don't know where the hell he went.
Probably the tulip for the 18th time.
But anyway, I thought maybe a better way to the comes back to read this.
Cause it's pretty interesting facts and maybe right on target.
Maybe this list has got a thumb on it.
Well, I won't wait till it comes back. I don't think he is coming back.
It says, I don't know if you've thought of this.
What is that? What is that that you're schlepping in here now?
What is this man doing? What is this man doing?
Anyway, it says, Neil, I don't know if you've thought of this.
But maybe this year your CDs aren't selling as much because the new in thing is CD burners.
Which I have one.
So a person can buy one of your CDs and make copies for his whole family.
And you know how these sheep backs did done here like you did everything for free.
As for me, I buy your CD over here and he changed the last two years.
I think this might be the reason why you're total for plant parenthood and it's high.
Maybe there's something you knew to your CD so they can't be copied if that's possible.
Or maybe we ought to make a lot more of those key chains because you can't copy the key chains.
George.
We wouldn't have been able to order a second batch at the same price that we ordered the first batch out.
Why? If we got as many?
In other words, to get the price that we got we were to have to order them all at once.
It's per lot.
If you order a second batch later, both batches are more expensive.
Both.
Both. That doesn't make any sense.
In other words, it's per hour that if you buy one thousand, it's one part price.
If you buy two thousand, it's another price.
It's like the more you buy the cheaper they get.
I understand that.
So I already like say a 50 a piece.
I know your Alzheimer's is kicking in.
We went through this exact...
I feel like I'm in my mother's house.
We went through this exact conversation.
I know and I'll invite it.
Let me say it again.
If 1,500, if the price is based on how many you buy, if 1,500 was like 450 a piece.
Then we said, okay, well, we're going to buy an order another 1,500 as of whatever date, as of November 15th or whatever.
The second 1,500 would have been the same price as the first 1,500.
Apparently, they weren't going for that.
Is what I thought.
No, but you're getting a little bit of this argument.
You're defending the other company.
You're saying that the other company has to agree with that arrangement.
They didn't.
They wouldn't.
Why not?
Because that's a separate order.
That's what I was getting from the people that arranged the company.
This is how I thought I'd had some bad conversations with colors over the years.
This is the most...
An in conversation I've ever had in my life.
If 1,500, the second 1,500, having nothing to do with the first 1,500, if 1,500 is 450 a piece, if that's the price when you buy a lot of 1,500, then you order another 1,500.
Why would the price be any different on the second one?
I know the price wouldn't be different, but we wouldn't have gotten them in time.
We wouldn't have gotten them by now if you'd ordered them right or...
They had to be ordered like 6 weeks of advance.
Okay.
So like I said, if we'd have gotten a lot more CD...
We'd have had a bigger budget.
Okay.
Okay, I'm doing the best I can.
Anyway, this article says,
Coke and a Creek baseball player is accused of hazing.
This is one of the most...
To me, pathetic, tragic,
and you know something where the most tragic part is the parents, because the kids wouldn't be doing it if the parents didn't give a wink at a nod.
And if the parents weren't just as big of an asshole as if they're not bigger than their kids.
Seniors on Coke and a Creek's high school baseball team, the Cougars, hazed at least 500 classmen last spring by spreading icy hot muscle sav on their genitals or buttocks,
and beating others with paddles while a student photographed the assaults according to documents and witnesses.
The proposed suspension of the teams from a coach today and the threat of a lawsuit provided glimpsed to what some coaches and parents have been open secret for at least 16 years.
The assaults occurred at an Orlando hotel, even though 12 parents and 4 coaches were supervising the Cougars witnesses said.
Most of the seniors roamed the hotel on April 16, westerling juniors to the floor or onto a bed then attacking them witnesses said.
Dennis Rovel, whose parents have threatened to sue, said one senior was like choking me and people were holding my legs down.
They pulled my pants down and they put red hot sav on my private parts.
And haven't I always told you that these things, every one of these hazing episodes include getting other people naked and fondling somehow their genitals.
Something to do with their genitals, with their private parts.
When head coach Mike McMillan later asked the team was involved, every hand of the room shot up, assistant coach Rex Nottage told the district investigator.
Some chaperones pressured witnesses and at least one victim not to disclose the incident because hazing was a longstanding and continuing tradition of the school according to witnesses.
Parents chaperones defended the actions of their child at an investigative report stated that reporters as a coach throughout the years and as a common practice, they were extremely defensive and uncooperative.
Parents, assholes, assholes reproducing.
Parents and students on the trip could not be reached for comment.
And adding insult to injury to make it even better, 10 days later one of Bovel's attackers gave him a razor blade for self defense against teammates who were threatening him as he watched the girl softball game.
He put it in his wallet and forgot about it as attorney said the next day someone told school security officers that he had the razor blade, Bovel was suspended for 10 days under the zero tolerance weapons policy as attorney said.
So now the victim becomes the one who gets punished.
McMillan's punishment for the seniors just weeks from graduation and one about to be drafted by the New York Met was to have them run extra miles.
Noah Pemph was made to keep them from finishing out the season, including a game against arch rival Tara Vella and the playoffs.
That's not good enough for me said assistant coach Ronaldo Nieves who saw red wealth on Bovel's back.
Although witnesses claim McMillan tried to keep the incident quiet, word spread, Korganic Creek's principal eventually suspended 16 years for 10 days said this for spokesman Joe Donzelli.
The names of the hazers victim, shaperones and all parents were blacked out of school records given to the sun sentinel to protect students identities, but Ellis Rubin.
One of Bovel's attorneys identified some of them by reading their names off an unsentent copy of this investigative reports.
Assistant coach Ronaldo Nieves and not is confirmed to investigate is that hazing has been and continues to be a fact of life on some varsity teams, even though McMillan warned his players against it.
The fire, the ice hot was always a big thing.
Even if the private part wasn't a big thing, the icy hot was a big thing.
Not as told investigators, actually this is gone on since 1984.
How do you like that?
And it goes on about what a bunch of assholes the parents were.
In fact, the kid called his parents to tell them what happened.
One mother overheard the phone call and told other players about to call.
The next day the mother pressed Bovel to stay silent.
She warned if he fight it, it just gets worse.
It's nothing compared to what's happened in the past.
How do you like that?
You people out there reproducing, what is this go back to what I'm always talking about forced sterilization?
Because anybody can reproduce unfortunately.
Any moron, any imbasil, any jackass can go out there and make babies.
So I don't blame the kids.
I blame the parents and the so-called chaperones and the coaches and the other people look the other way because boys will be boys.
Oh, it's just the American effort away.
All this factory managed, it's astonishing to me.
It's just shocking.
All these bunch, these macho guys, the fraternity things they're hazing that goes on.
Including every now and then somebody dies from it.
Don't forget the military.
I already mentioned it.
Oh, sorry.
While you were poxking around playing grab ass with kid Kuri in the hallway.
And Jesus is he uptight today or what?
Just because we didn't get all the rest of those carabins.
We were talking each other.
Oh.
I thought it was just a hazing thing.
We were discussing the party.
21 before we had called me when the party started.
21 before 11 at 5.60 WQM.
There's still no decision from the Supreme Court to just calm down.
Okay.
I know all of you are sitting on pins and needles out there waiting to get outraged and indignant.
But Neil Roger show sports radio.
5.60.
Q.A.
How young is too young?
After 12 days of counting, this is what we have.
12,000 pistol parts.
11 butterfly ballads.
Distan French ice holders.
Nine guys counting each vote.
Chaperon Harris's makeup.
Seven pending lawsuits.
Six freaking recounts.
25 elects.
Four.
Four simple chads.
Three discreet counties.
Two guys want to win.
Only one can be free.
17 before 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Here it's again there's a holiday.
Don't feel like the holidays to me at all.
Does it feel like the holidays to you?
Yeah.
Oh.
Kids.
Got a kid.
Oh, that's right.
But to me it just doesn't anymore.
Which I'm very pleased about that.
Because many years ago when I was growing up, I used to be like you were being just drowned by Graham.
I mean, just Christmas seemed to go on like from the day after Thanksgiving.
Now the shopping starts then.
But I'm just talking about the whole deal with all the television programs and all the Christmas carols and all these Jesus shows and all of that stuff.
You were just drowning with Jesus for like a month and a half.
And now it's here to the 12th of December and other than the fact that everybody's running around shopping and driving even 20 times worth an usual.
Other than that, there's not much going on.
Thank God.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Yes. Good morning, Neil.
Thanks for taking my call.
Yes, ma'am.
I was listening to the coverage last night of the election debate.
And as part of the coverage date, they had a live broadcast of the Maryland Senator, Quasimifumi.
He was railing against the fact that the Haitians weren't treated fairly because they didn't have a translator.
Quasimifumi is a senator from Maryland.
Well, he's some sort of...
I thought he was the president at the end of the NAACP.
Oh, okay.
Then maybe I got my bachelor and I think that he may have been some sort of pop-up.
But at any rate, maybe there's something wrong with me, but don't you think someone should learn to speak English or speak English fluently before they go to the election?
I mean, why do you need a translator to vote in a U.S. election?
Well, if you're a citizen, why should you have to be able to speak English fluently?
If that were the case in the dead county, we'd have 18 people who could vote.
Well, I think if people want to vote in this country, they might...
I mean, we have...
So in other words, we should just enfranchise, for example, speaking of Quasimifumi.
Black people, there are a lot of blacks who are functionally illiterate because we have a crappy education system.
And we just give them social promotion and keep moving them along.
And we also have many white people who are functionally illiterate, up to 50% they estimate.
So they shouldn't be able to vote just because they're...
Well, why do you have to be articulate to vote?
How do white people who are illiterate vote?
What do you mean by that?
Well, you just said that there are plenty of white people who are illiterate in this country.
So how...
Well, illiterate doesn't mean they can't read. They can't read a name.
Well, and if they're reading, this means that they're voting.
I'm saying someone who's Haitian who is a translator is not able to speak English.
Yeah.
And if you come to this country, you should learn how to speak English.
Yeah. Well, how about if they just...
They came to a citizen like five minutes ago?
Well, then shouldn't that be grounds for becoming a citizen that learning how to speak English?
No, not necessarily.
You can become a citizen of a lot of countries. You don't have to speak their language.
But then you would have to...
But I may be wrong, but the elections that are in most countries are in the language of which that country is.
I mean, if you go to France, I'm going to...
They're not fair.
You're not fair.
You're not fair.
How about if you go to Quebec?
Well, Quebec is a multilingual city.
And so is Miami.
So is Miami.
So is Dead County.
I don't know if that was done for the same reasons.
Everything's these days.
For a little bit more of these countries.
Let me ask you, correct.
You all wear the fact that the ballots in Dead County are...
They're bilingual ballots.
You all wear that, aren't you?
But bilingual ballots is part of the whole...
Whole push of this country towards bilingualism.
No, no, no.
I'm not abstaining, Peyton.
Okay, lady.
I mean, I just...
My patients just ran out.
Just about a time.
Well, what did I tell you?
That's all the women in this town want to talk about is bilingualism and how they hate
the Cubans or whoever it is.
Patience.
Oh, well, I was just a substitute for filling the blank.
Hate the...
I fill in the blank.
I'm not interested in this.
God, how do we come to bilingualism?
Where did this come from?
Two weeks before Christmas.
I don't get it.
Man, oh man, I'm ready to pop a goddamn...
This fat purple roared right now.
Then good thing Jesus spoke English.
Yeah.
Yeah, what was it he said?
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Oh yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on here.
You people that are so goddamn concerned about what language you have available to speak.
Get a frickin' life already, will you?
I mean, I'm serious.
These people need to be forced.
They need to be put on a plane.
Not that I would wish them on them.
People all these other countries I'm talking about.
They need to be forced to go abroad and to just be dropped in the middle of some foreign country somewhere.
I mean, I'm lucky that, you know, I have it a problem in Amsterdam where most of the people do speaking.
At least I'm not compelled to learn to speak their language because it does...
Dutch is a very, very difficult language that in almost no way related to ours
other than the fact the letters are the same.
At least it's not like Finnish, where they use all those Indian symbols.
Have you ever seen Finnish?
Yeah.
Yeah, they don't look like those little...
Well, whatever the hell those things are.
How are glyphosate those little things?
But anyway, I mean, why are you people so hung up about goddamn language?
What differences do they make?
If somebody doesn't speak your language, scroll them.
That's all they...
If that bothers you.
If you're so offended by it.
In addition to which he's in plantation, I don't think we have a language problem in plantation.
Now, the acres, we do have some folks that speak like kind of mugwump, but other than that, yeah.
Well, what is that happening with the price of peas?
How did we get to that?
How did we arrive at that?
She don't like people that they speak.
And the mention of freaking goddamn town.
That's all you know, like I said before, is hate.
How much you hate everybody else, fill in the blank.
Which group it is?
Here's plantation again. Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I'm not going to talk about language.
All this equal protection thing.
Isn't it true that when they counted the bush counties with a hand count and the count of a lucha and broward,
they're already included in the certification?
So they operate it under different standards and it's a right-haring.
Yeah.
It's a red herring. It's a bunch of bullcrap.
Well, and the other thing is, even if they go back to November 7th or 8th or whatever,
14th when the certification should have been, bushes hand count would still be in it.
Right.
That would be the original.
That is correct.
Should they like hand counts when they benefit from it, then they like it?
Now, the other thing I don't understand is, they're harring, you know, there's no standard because it's the intent of the voter standard, which is in 30 states.
But if the Supreme Court of Florida would say count hanging chads or whatever, they would say with horror that we're changing the rules after the game.
They would say that violates for election law, which you're making new laws.
That's correct. They would say that is very good.
Exactly what they would say. They put you in a catch-22, no matter which way you go or the court would have gone, they'd have said,
oh, you're making new laws and you can't do that after the ball game is over there, as they keep putting it.
So you can't.
And then it's not fair because what is changing the rules is that hand counts are allowed.
But if you, you know, on the list of the rules.
And I keep saying this, I can't get the point across.
There is no way to have an accurate count at this point.
Just like watching there on Saturday, I'll say it again like I did yesterday.
The fact that these counties were so stupid, most of them, that they didn't separate the undervotes and the overvotes from the votes that were counted.
So that they threw them all in together.
And now they have to go back and try to call out the undervotes, which is what they were doing on Saturday with those machines.
And the machines run the ball up through them when they come to an undervote, the machine stops.
And they pull them out.
But the problem being, if that one of the previous undervotes, if when they've been handled or they're going to the machine again, the chat falls off and now there is a holder in the machine counted, that's just the last vote now.
Because it's not going to be recorded as an undervote again. They're not going to have that card.
Well, the reason they didn't do that is because most of the election supervisors in most of the county, 50 counties, or Republicans, and they want a confusion, because they have confusion.
I don't think it has anything to do with that. I think the fact is that they're just a bunch of hacks and they don't know what they're doing.
But it also, both just their argument. If they wanted through the machine and they have a different amount of votes, undervotes, then they can argue that there's something wrong with...
No, they were making that argument. You see, you're so partisan on one side that you can't see the force for the trees. That's I'm not bringing up for that reason.
It was the woman in Hillsborough County which voted Republican, not by a huge margin, but about whatever the percent was.
But she was just pointing out that people from both parties in the media be alerted to the fact that there's going to be a different number of undervotes.
And she explained the reason why and she was right.
Right. Well, they should have called like you said. They should have called them that way.
But what you know, Wandawexceptor is the fact that there is no way under... there is no way using these archaic punch card ballots to have an accurate count. That's not possible.
I agree with you. I do accept that.
And I said, I said, it's the day after election day, I said, nobody will ever we know who won the state of Florida.
I don't think we will. I don't care. How many studies the hero does? The hero did one study, all 23,000 grow one by.
And then a couple of days ago, they could not win another study. Well, if they just got the undervotes, it looks like Bush still might win.
They don't know what the elder talking about. Statisticians are all for a clap.
Just like the grown people were saying, all we're going to pick up 600 votes in Dave County, they weren't going to pick up 600 votes in Dave County.
The L.A. Times did their own study, said maybe 115, and after the count of the first 4,000 votes, Bush had picked up 42 extra votes in Dave County.
Nobody knows. The fix has been in there. Right, it's in now you got it.
Thanks, now.
Have a great life.
Very difficult, but sooner or later you have to bring them around to understand that the fix wasn't in just one way.
See that? Because if it's only one way, then you got a problem. Now all of a sudden, if they catch you on that, then you're screwed.
But if you got it like 15 different ways, if you got your filling out all these apps and these applications for ballots, and if you're doing it with preventing people from voting, and we'll talk about 14th Amendment and equal protection.
How about all the people who go to black people, go to a polling place where white people who were the drivers license will out-to-vote and Haitians and other black people who didn't have their voter registration cup and had a license.
They weren't allowed to vote, even if their name was out of voter rule.
And you see that? That's a good one because once that's done, you can't go back and say, well, I would have voted for someone so they didn't want me vote. Well, too bad.
We screwed you. Gotcha.
This was a game of gotcha.
And the problem is, regardless of how this quote was, the problem is that the group people don't want to admit that they got us. And they did.
I've been telling you since the 8th of November, they stole a fair and square. They stole it a half of it in different ways, at least.
Because the fix was in. Oh, but this is America. Yeah, this is America where we're notorious for fixed elections.
And anybody who lives here in South Florida doesn't believe that. You must be doing a rip-backed winkle last 20 years. I don't know where you've been living.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi, Neil. One thing that's come out of this whole thing, and is that the Jebsters' national aspirations are, how do you say it, in the toilet?
Yeah. I mean, that's...
Well, why do we keep repeating that? We've said that 80 million times already. What is that, what's the...
Well, I have to believe that he must go to bed at night thinking, I could have delivered this state to a turn up because it was running for the Republican canopies.
Yeah. Instead of having my brother...
Well, my older brother wanted to do that. He needed a lot of stuff. Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound price. See what I mean? That's why I cut this off yesterday because we've heard...
With all due respect to your intentions, the fact is we've heard...
Oh, here it is. US Supreme Court decision could come at any time. They've changed the...
They've changed the little qual on there. It really isn't any different news. Oh, and speaking of that...
Speaking of that, they had... She and I had the wrong qual on there on Saturday for I don't know how long.
Not again.
Yeah. About how that they were recounting votes. This is after the US Supreme Court said that they were to stop and they still had to think about the recount was going on.
Why am I watching them anyway? Well, I like Red and Roger. They're... Yeah. It makes me think about OJ in the good old days.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
I mean, you talk about a stuck record. I've heard all these same things as Zillion Times, so is everybody in this listening on it.
What's the point of repeating it? If it makes you feel better, walk up to the mirror and say it to yourself. I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear the same goddamn crap. Just restating the obvious is not interesting. It's not entertaining. It's crap is what it is.
It's bull crap. It's draining.
Almost as draining as the woman who was her bilingualism again there. I mean, how do we get from talking about lost puppies to bilingualism?
Are we the story about the easing of cooking a creek with a baseball players and the parents of the obnoxious behavior?
And all of a sudden, the first call I get is a woman who wants to talk about bilingualism again.
So I have to make you wonder about the ghost of an bishop, you know what? And what Sandy's doing with it.
Is that the body of an bishop? 1056 at 560.
420560 WQAM by Hami Fort Lauderdale, a beastly, broadcast group station, WQAM.com with a world-class push.
Right after the bow!
From a mansion entertainment director Ron Howard presents an all-new holiday classic, Dr. Sousis, how the gorge stole Christmas.
Mr. Gorge, why are you starring the election? Why?
There's more ballots that must be counted, Sandy Lou. If they're not, I'll just cry.
Boo-hoo! The sick Democrat lied. He made up a story as he patted a torch and blamed it while I'm done with wash.
The house on the hill of Mount Crabbet is mine. You see, Sandy Lou? My right is divine.
He patted the head of the gullible Bruce and the Lou, who is no more than two. He talked to a man right next to a dad and before he left. He dimpled her and chad.
You're a mean one. Mr. Gorge, you're a real hero.
You're a soulist politician who exhibits cloudy business at all.
The three words that that's described you are as follows and I quote big, bright baby.
One on one at five sixty WQ, and we're still waiting near what's his name?
Good morning once again.
Good morning, Darren. Why don't we just have any words? No, Charles Beerbauer. How about some beer?
It's big and a pop of bar. How come the bars don't get together? I'm not guiding light anymore. Christmas time.
Why haven't I watched that show in a coolant's age? Haven't seen that in ages. Too much of this election crap going on.
I just told George the woman of crawl who started with that bilingualism crap. To me, that's the epitome of the 25 years I've been on here doing this in this town.
That's the epitome of it right there with that call.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Info Eyes and Wireless Line. 80 million lines open boys and girls.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
What was this?
Yes, sir.
Okay, pass it on me. Go.
Anyway, the reason I called is I read that woman are bent out of shape now.
I was listening to you discuss the baseball players.
Yes.
There was a story last year which basically reminded me of there's a Wellington High School which is well known in Palm Beach County from the baseball.
They went out to California to a tournament and late at night three of them decided to have a circle jerk on one of the other baseball players.
Great.
It didn't really come out that one of the fathers had the higher an attorney to get in the junction.
Didn't come out?
Yes.
He thought it was a finger.
Anyway, the kids remained on the baseball team and were able to play through the districts.
Nothing ever happened and it's just kind of sick.
Have you noticed that these so-called hazing activities they always include the same thing.
It always includes grabbing the other kids' genitals. What is that all about?
I have no idea.
You show me a bunch of 15 or 17 or 18 year old guys who are anxious to grab a hold of somebody else's penis and I'm going to tell you I think there's a word for that.
Which is.
Anyway, in regards to the election, it's over, Johnny.
Okay.
See it.
The fact that we have the word that I was looking for.
566-705, Johnny running.
566-705, the Florida legislature continues with their special session and some of those yellow dog Democrats.
Of course, they're doing it over, crossing over.
Like I'm supposed to.
Somebody fags me that.
Did you see that?
Yes, I saw.
And why is that surprised you?
Don't you understand where you are?
This is the deep south.
Finding a wheeled on the crackdown.
Here's like looking for a goddamn needle in the Amish country.
566-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
There's Mike Boacher.
Whatever his name is.
Bokker.
Bokker's having a two third majority there.
Yeah, I get your majority over here, Mike.
He kills me.
Here's a mobile and little Havana.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
Listen, I'm so tired of this election stuff.
I want to talk about that, Hazen.
I was in the military and where it says that Hazen isn't active in the military is completely blind.
Oh, it's big in the military.
Yeah, and the reason why they do it is,
it's also, you know, to bully, but also because if you're in order to be a Marine,
you have to go through the hazelnut in order to be a real soldier.
You have to go through the hazelnut.
And out of the bed.
You're a real man.
You've got to allow a bunch of other men to grab your penis and do all kinds of wild things with you.
Exactly, and it's just a sick.
But anyhow, I just wanted to make that quick comment.
Good show, later.
Okay, we need a lot of few good men for the US Marines.
I'll pick them out.
Oh, brother, five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight.
And again, they're in denial.
I've talked about this a few times over the years.
They run away from this.
Oh, you're just making it up, you faggot.
Yeah.
Just like those always straight guys that wanted an anal sex.
They're like, you know, the woman out there know what I'm talking about.
Scrapping them down.
Oh, you really wanted honey.
You really want you to love it.
You'll enjoy it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, are we doing?
Okay.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen to your show for a long time.
I don't want to do everything you're saying, but I understand your point of view.
I'm a Republican.
I voted Republican.
And I still think that, you know, it's true if there were black or eight.
But anyway, I mean, if you were green or in favor of that, say you're not allowed to vote.
Then the person who stopped that person from voting should go to jail immediately.
It's one of our, it's one of truly the sanctities of democracy, to be able to vote.
Now, if you were not able to follow directions and not able to vote your...
I wonder what Gloria Stefan would think of that.
Well, I don't know what Gloria Stefan would think of that.
I don't, I didn't call you to start, you know, to start a lot of fight with it like that.
I think you're a very intelligent man.
No, I'm not saying that to be argumentative, but I'm just saying simply.
I think I'm asking you.
I think you're more, more than an average.
Yeah.
And I think you, you can actually have a true conversation with someone without insulting anyone or anything like that.
Yeah.
Calling a Republican evil is just a little insulting.
I mean, it's just, I respect the way you think.
And I think it's fine.
You know, you should also respect the way we think.
And if we agree on that, then we can actually work on that.
But we don't agree on that.
Because I don't respect the way the Republican Party thinks today.
And I can't speak for you, but if you embrace the general philosophy of today's right wing Republican Party
and the a born again, a holier than now, a dictatorial kind of mentality that they have, then we can't agree on that.
Well, I'm pretty sure no one is able to say no one.
If you take 100 people, not everyone's going to agree on this exact same thing.
That's the beauty of this other society.
No, but the fact is that Trent Lot and Tom DeLay and Jesse Helms and Strom Affirman and Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell,
and I think the list goes on at nauseam that most of these people do agree.
They do agree.
You're extremely right.
You're very, very, very right.
I mean, what I'm going to say is something's going to destroy you from now on.
I mean, never show you, but it's going to not agree with you.
You're not going to agree with it.
I think that one of the horrible thing about the Republican Party and me being a Cuban is that they are the nastiest people towards immigrants.
And you know, immigrants are good for this.
Then how can you be a Republican?
How can it be a Republican because being a Democratic's worst, being a Democratic, in my opinion, being able to have my life experience that I had.
I believe that the smaller the government, the better we are.
I believe that the smaller the government, the better we are.
So in other words, the government is smaller when they come into your bedroom and tell you what you should be doing in the privacy of the better.
I think that's another wrong thing.
I think that's another wrong thing.
It's not a Republican Party.
That's your party.
And I'm not saying that 100%.
I'm not saying that 100% or 100%.
That's not saying that 100% is not what they want.
Then what is it about to be a Republican Party or a Greenwood?
What is it about their philosophy that you agree with?
Well, I agree that you shouldn't be able to help someone, but you don't have a responsibility
to maintain anyone.
You should be able to do it by yourself.
You should be able to get ahead on life, not on federal programs, but on the necessities
of what life is.
The way I fully look at it is that the oldest federal program, the democracy, the democracy,
the way I look at it, I'm putting forward.
I think like social security, right?
That was the democratic program under Roosevelt.
Are you against social security?
I don't, I don't think so security.
No, no, I didn't ask you that question.
I said, are you against social security?
No, of course not.
Are you against Medicare?
Of course not.
So then what are you talking about?
Those are federal programs that were there.
I think that there's all the federal programs as welfare for mothers, welfare for kids, welfare
for welfare roles where we do this dramatically in the last eight years and we had a democratic
prison, also affirmative action is vanishing and you don't want to hear those things.
I mean, I got to do a break now and I could talk to this guy from now until midnight,
but there's no point.
There's no point.
He disagrees on virtually, on almost every part of the Republican platform, but what's
the use?
I'm not here to try to convince you, sir.
Have a great life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 10 after 11 a QA.
Well, you fudge back on this is Dan Rader reporting for the CBS evening news.
CBS office can now confirm that a man charged with counting ballots has been caught eating
chats.
The man has been removed from his counting duties and will be undergoing psychiatric evaluation.
More details tonight of the CBS evening news.
For now, this is Dan Rader reporting.
The man has got his one six, four here he comes.
He's chatting.
He doesn't talk about the late restaurant critic Peter Clayton was near Chad Eager.
That's something that sounds like that.
11 15 at 5 60, WDQA and 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T line, 100 votes on our poll
so far, pretty weak.
Hazing is unacceptable behavior 66, stupid but harmless 22, and just kids having fun.
12.
12.
12, as well as 12.
12.
Or just kids having fun.
Maybe it's fun for them.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's a very, very, very disturbing facts.
It says I wasn't going to mention it but since you read the last facts on the year, you're
already on Napster.
There are only a few bits from each of your last three CDs that I haven't seen the rest
of there for the taking.
I thought people told you that already.
No.
They did not.
Oh, says Bill and Fort Lauderdale.
Everything's on Napster.
Well, isn't that great?
Isn't this terrific that all the youth of America have discovered a great way to go out
and steal stuff, including stuff that's intended for charity, so that we can't raise money
anymore?
I say this is the last time we do the CDs.
Next time we'll just do keychains and other sort of stuff that can't be duplicated if we
do it.
Yeah, chachkeys.
Not t-shirts.
They don't want those t-shirts.
CDs and they will come up with keychains and some other stuff.
It's only your hope.
And then of course they'll figure out a way to make those two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 because dishonest these words at, they'd be working in a different way
because value is the word at.
Just like Alex Rodriguez, with his $21 million to play baseball.
I'm delighted that that happened.
You want to know why?
Because I've been seeing for like six or seven years now that baseball was on the way
out, that they were destroying themselves.
That on the one hand they're all screaming, we're losing money and we're doing this and
we're doing that.
And we need a new stadium, which we're hearing here all the time.
So we can play a bunch of Pivot honors, 10 and 15 and $20 million here.
Why the hell does it end?
Why does it end?
If this shouldn't convince everybody in this town that anybody who might even think to
be given one penny of money for a John Henry for a goddamn baseball stadium, you've got
to be crazy.
You've got to be maybe almost as crazy as he is himself with this fantasy.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
And you are.
I think that we're going to build you a stadium.
So you can pay a bunch of you.
Raise a lot more money.
So you can pay guys 15 and $20 million a year for ball games.
Especially in the town that don't give a crap about it in the first place.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, about the key taste.
Yeah.
I think this one's a reason why you all know not raising money.
I have a friend that has one and I tried about one and I'll have it more.
Yeah, I know.
Sure.
I have a lot more of them.
Right.
And I'll focus on the CD.
I love it.
OK.
Thanks.
See, there's a guy like, why can't we have about 15,000 more guys like him in the audience?
They like the CD.
They want to buy it.
They would buy key chains if we had a lot more of them, but we don't.
We could auction yours off for like a hundred bucks.
Yeah.
You're not getting mine and the CD either the key chain either.
Why do I keep calling this?
Well, it looks like a little CD.
Maybe if you open it up, there's like something in there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on it.
We've still got no decision yet from these Supremes.
They're not in any big hurry.
Of course, they're pretty embarrassed.
They're trying to do it the way they're not going to make it more embarrassing
than it already is.
The idea that the judicial branch is in effect selecting the head of the executive branch.
I mean, do you think the founding fathers had anything
in mind like this?
No.
They wrote the Fricking Constitution.
No.
Of course not.
Absolutely not.
And these are the five states' rights.
Justice is, by the way, who are always screaming in the out of the way.
There is one piece of good news though.
Ohio voucher program ruled unconstitutional.
How?
A federal appeals court yesterday declared a Cleveland School voucher program
unconstitutional holding lower court ruling that it's use of public money to send
children to pro-killed schools breaches the First Amendment separation of church and
state.
How do you like that?
I love it.
The two-to-one decision which included a vitriolic exchange among the judges, I think one of them
said, God damn you.
Set the stage for a US Supreme Court showdown in one of the most contentious issues in education
politics.
It comes a month after voters in Michigan in California rejected school voucher programs
in Bella, initiatives.
Just say go to school vouchers.
We certainly hope everyone will get the message that Robert H. Chan and General Counsel for
the National Education Association.
The message is let's focus on improving the public schools and stop playing around with
vouchers as a panacea.
In the ruling judge Eric Clay argued that the Cleveland program did not present parents
with options because few non-religious private schools and no suburban public schools have
opened their doors.
This scheme involves the grant of state aid directly and predominantly the coffers of private
religious schools and it is unquestioned that these institutions incorporate religious
concepts, motives and themes into all facets of their educational program planning role.
A Clinton appointee joined in the opinion by a Bush appointee, George Eugene E. Siler.
How do you like that?
That's another part of the Republican platform that most of us disagree with vehemently
on this program.
Vouchers subsidizing religious schools, a clear conflict of the separation of first and
church and state and the first amendment.
But nevertheless.
But don't confuse the reason I mentioned that is because our Cuban Republican before,
maybe we'll change his mind.
No.
No.
Well, his kids are probably going to private Catholic schools.
Oh, good.
Oh, maybe they're getting molested.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
And see, never hear a word about any of that stuff from any of those people.
See no evil.
Here no evil.
That's a little monkey with a hands over the eyes in the ears.
Here no evil.
See no evil.
Don't keep saying all these terrible things even though they're true.
There's no fact in the church.
Because it just creates all these conflicts because I know I'm doing the wrong thing and
subsidizing a bunch of grave robbers and the corrupt bastards.
How dare you say that?
Here's Cutler Ridge, Hilla.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
They're great.
Speaking of the Cuban Republican friend, who's probably not listening to it right now,
sure he is.
Well, he's not paying attention at least.
He's hearing it.
He said that if you couldn't follow the structure of your vote, you shouldn't count.
I like to hire any of that considering the other ones who want to Spanish included
on the ballot because they couldn't follow the English instruction.
They wanted to Spanish as well.
I think it's very ironic.
And then as far as him buying into the Republican idea that the Republicans are their
strength government and put the power back into your hands, the reality is, of course,
they're making tax cuts for the rich who are going to be controlling this country even
more than they already are.
And the middle class is dead as you and I both know it is and it's not going to get any
better.
It's just, you know, Al Gore was talking about campaign finance reform when nobody cared
about it.
And the reason why he was talking about it was new, there's no way to put through a middle
class reform bill unless you get Congress out of the hands of these corporate power people.
And if they continue to subsidize Congress, then you can't introduce a middle class reform
bill because then they're going to vote it down.
The industry I'm coming from.
But the Republicans keep saying that the middle class, they cut taxes for the rich and
kill the middle class.
I just think it's been a lot of years.
Well, I still say a play on both of these parties.
They both failed.
That's why we have a shrinking and vanishing middle class because both of these parties
are full of crap.
They talk about good games.
Yeah, a player came along and talked about that and nobody gave it to him.
Well, a player was an idiot.
A player talked a bunch of glittering generalities.
What do you mean a player came along and talked about that?
A player was an imbecile.
I was saying, well, he didn't try anything for the right people.
That's correct.
They didn't surround himself for the right years.
Is that what you said, sir?
No.
Oh, that's what I said.
Oh, my God.
Perot came along.
Oh.
Oh.
Do I hear an echo in here or what?
Yeah.
That was good.
I feel much better now.
And CNN says US ruling from the Supreme Court on Florida, we could come at any time, anytime.
Is it right on the edge of your seat or not?
They should also put on their or not as the case may be.
It could come at any time.
It could come a little while.
Who knows when it's going to come?
Squared, squared.
And the ruling too.
Yeah, a little Ross Perot came along and he rolled up your sleeves.
They got all those old studies up there and just dust off the old studies.
We're off the, uh, we're going to pick up the hood, get him the engine and do, do, do.
I mean, this man appealed.
I understand.
I understand why people are desperate.
They're looking for an alternative, a third party.
But he wasn't the answer any more than a mouth native was.
He was the answer to the dumble making a comeback.
That's about it.
5, 6, 7, a dial up 102 points.
And that's about 25.
But as soon as we get that announcement from the Supreme Court, all of a sudden made your
blip.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, I was just listening.
I grew up down here in South Florida.
I've been listening to Q for a long time.
And I just got crazy when that Cuban Republican call that one was again, solely self-help programs
and stuff like that.
Yeah.
He obviously has a very short memory because in the 60s and in the 70s, it had all those
free free food programs for all the Cubans that came out of Cuba, all the refugees.
Yeah.
And again, for all the Mario Lito's, they came up.
They used to drive up in their Cadillacs and Lincoln's and pick up the blocks of cheese
and the butter and food and everything else and just go take it home.
Yeah, I noticed the smarts are driving up in their Cadillacs for now, too.
You know, that, you know, I have no control of it.
But, you know, the Latin is used to just...
Okay, well, I'm glad you liked the Latin, sir.
Thank you.
I don't want to hear about frickin' Cubans.
What more word today?
Okay, between now and two o'clock, I've had Cubans in bilingualism and all this crap.
I know you hate Cubans.
Fine.
Hate them until it comes out of your ass.
Hate them until you got to go out and go out and go on your goddamn penis.
I don't care.
Hey, don't you want to hear your foreskin starts growing back.
I don't give a crap.
I can't stomach it.
I can't stand it.
And I disagree with the guy, but he's got a right to call.
How come it is that when Americans, not Cuban-American,
they're like Americans who are born here, who may have even owned Paul Revere somewhere,
or have been on a horse with them, how come when ACROM said the same goddamn crap
Republicans that we don't hear these calls?
See, that's where the guy made a mistake.
He's their Cuban.
Well, so what's the big deal is Cuban-Republican like that's a novelty or something?
That's where you made a mistake, sir.
I don't want to hear it.
Call up Sandy Payton.
We'll give you a home-guide-dem phone number.
25 years of hate that's all I hear in this town from you goddamn people.
You hate it.
And then he starts talking about Latin.
Latin, not just Cuban, Latin.
Well, they're all the same.
Yeah, right.
What are they going to start picking on the goddamn Bolivians already?
As soon as they find a couple.
First sign in Boulevard when we need him.
I'm sorry, Simone.
Ain't never still a free train.
I'm going to La Paz.
Are we just going to take a pause?
26 packs, 11 at 560 WQS.
The Neil Roger Show.
New sports radio.
560s.
Q.A.
And their man that's eye f**king on me.
All right.
I went to an Orgy at the Caroni Jail.
Looking for a father's ass high.
I couldn't tell.
Everyone's up and doing a thing.
We're all thinking they may say we do that thing.
That's f**king.
Never fired it.
That's f**king.
Taking bodies all over the cell phones.
We're banging at the Jail House.
Officer 47 was saying in May 3.
They were the cutest couple that I ever seen.
This one in May was hiring me with a twig.
I was thinking she said, come over here.
So I can make it my best.
So let's f**king.
Everybody let's f**king.
Taking bodies in the cell phones.
We're banging at the Jail House.
This one officer was standing on the loan.
And the phones in his pocket was hard of stone.
The war said, buddy, what you doing over there.
I banged yourself and in me, queen wackin' in that cell.
That's f**king.
Everybody let's f**king.
Oh right.
Taking bodies in the cell phones.
We're banging at the Jail House.
The number 30 at 560 WQM tours.
You're going to be leaving in a couple minutes and in the new world's Royce.
He's got to drive up to the welfare office.
You're going to be blocking that cheese.
That's a good cheese.
You get a honko cheese.
Come to the free slicer.
560 7 0 5 60.
That's what we're going to be doing from noon to noon.
We're going to be sitting here cutting the cheese right on here.
I'll have a big honk.
Now we only got two calls on the board because I said a sick and tear to hear about people.
I don't care if we have any calls.
If that's all you people can talk about it.
You need serious mental health.
I hear Aion just came back.
560 7 0 5 60.
Pound 560.
And this one dimensional f**king town.
God.
Here's a mobile and Miami lake.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just wanted to make a comment.
I've been here all my life and I've seen this community just go to the dark.
In a crap or yeah.
And also, the Republican Party has been known for their underhanded dealing such as the
So basically they're revisiting themselves by bringing it here to Florida with Florida
gate.
You got it.
And I really literally all upset about this because I've been a registered voter since I was
18.
And I really don't understand why they're making the people suffer because without the people,
what was they being?
You know, there was a great somebody actually had a good call yesterday and that's stupid talk
back.
She'll answer you and then we'll change the name.
They have stupid colors.
Or maybe it was just an email.
They said, why don't we just save all the money and stop wasting our time voting?
Let's just let the Supreme Court pick the president from now on.
And we.
Yeah.
And we, because that would take it out of all the bureaucrats hands.
All the debaters and the Nazis.
It's becoming a farce because they're going to dilute the vote every time with if they don't
vote.
And we're going to be in trouble.
Yeah.
If we don't do it in the way that they can be held accountable, what's the point in the first
place?
Okay.
Good luck to pal.
Thank you.
I'll see you at the airport.
560.560.
On the 18th, he didn't hate anybody.
At least he didn't say it did.
Thank goodness for him.
Come on.
Let's hear it.
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who do you hate?
Who to you who do you hate to bring horses to your grandparents with a
Where do you hate the Jerkard complexes?
I hate the Kodai interaction.
in spite of these idiots.
What's in my early comment is that
a bit of the American people are allowing themselves to be led by the
noses by the two major political parties and not seeking their options.
Now you're talking.
Okay.
My main concern is that people have forgotten the fact that basically this country is still
on its impiti compared to the rest of the world.
The country's technically only been around for 224 years.
We still have to go through growing pains.
Unfortunately, people don't want to be passed out.
And people's own greed, namely the two major political parties, they're not in it for
anyone's benefit except for all.
And until the American people do not basically put these people in their place, put the politicians
on notice.
When do you think that's going to happen?
God knows.
Unfortunately, the country is going to hell on the handbasket because of these politicians.
And they're allowing it to happen.
And even worse off is that the American public is allowing it to happen.
Well, the American public, I guess, is happy that Alice Rodriguez is making $21 million
a year.
And that's the kind of, and then we can build new stadiums for them.
And even though money built new stadiums in Seattle, of course, they get rid of all those
three players, but nevertheless.
I mean, it's just ridiculous.
The whole set of vendors of the American public are upside down.
That's, well, priority is upside down.
Education, forget about it, you know?
Yeah, do you realize what a quarter of a billion dollars would do to put an agent to education
system?
Yeah, that's right.
That's the one big part.
I've got to tell you one thing.
All that money, and of course, he's right from here in Miami, Alice Rodriguez.
All that money he's going to be getting these next 10 years, but by a lot of textbooks
for these kids in Dave County, go home everyday without textbooks because there aren't
enough to go around so they can take books to take home.
But then again, that's a priority.
I have a story like, if you look at the rest of your life, there's only going to one culture
who has always had dominance over the rest of the world.
There's these Egyptians, you know, millennia's ago, taking the Roman Empire, we're basically
a quarter of the entire world population.
Right.
After that was England that, you know, for our little folks, I still went out conquer
the waterland and, you know, they were super far at the time.
Now it's time for tomorrow.
It's going to be another country you're certain in this country is people do not wait
to have people do not look at what's going on around them in the world economy.
We're going to end up in a very short time.
We're going to end up buying a lot of Sony TV sets.
You're right.
Okay, listen, have a great day, pal.
Good luck, guys.
Life goes on.
Thank God I live in the Netherlands.
5670560, pound 5, see, where those pictures.
Yeah, like I said in this future life, which may be coming very soon now, Goldstein,
who's going to be a photographer.
Not.
Boy.
Yeah, he can specialize in photographing scenes of nothingness, you know, instead of things
that are like really profound and like, wow, look at that.
Like just bland nothingness because he's already got a good start with these pictures.
5670560, pound 560 on the ATAT.
We're still waiting here.
We're just killing time because I know that all of you are just dying over there.
That would be a good pull.
What do you more whipped up about hating the Cubans or the election outcome?
That's a great pull.
How's that pull coming?
Not a tremendous response so far because it's not about the election.
See, why are you people so one dimensional?
I know that you're very easily led.
You're very easily manipulated by the media.
And if they tell you that OJ was the most important thing, that's all they want to talk about.
If they tell you that A Leon was the most important thing, that's all they want to talk about.
And now with a selection crap, you could smell it yesterday when I just refused to carry the
put the audio on here and I have not made no apology for that.
It's boring.
It's terminal.
They're not going to say anything new.
They're not going to say anything different.
You're not going to have any idea from the questions they asked what the ruling is going
to be and they keep telling you that.
So what's the point of worst thing in the first place?
I mean, you're playing a thing that I can think about getting obsessed with.
Like that calendar back there on the wall behind, I can get obsessed about that.
Yeah, but that's important.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, you know, how are you?
Pretty good.
I got a question with regards to these news polls whenever you see, you know, they're
doing polls, political polls, what have you and they give a little plus or minus 2% or
4% what have you?
Is that simply based upon sampling and then they're extrapolating what they think the overall
vote would have been?
Well, obviously it's based on a lie because all the polls, you know, when they say it was
a plus or minus 2 or 3%, the polls were all wrong.
Well, they're at least almost all of them were wrong right up to the election.
Well, the reason I bring it out is if you take the number of votes that they're now claiming
Bush is the head of Gore, which is what, 300 plus and divide that into the number of votes
we have in the state, which is 4 million plus.
Yeah.
You've got left in 1,000 to 1%.
No, 6 million votes.
Not the population of the state.
Population of the state's like 15 million.
Okay, so then you're looking at, you know, probably 2 1,000 of 1%.
Right.
My point is.
What is that?
I mean, I know that the possibility obviously is there to win by one vote.
But if you know that there's all of this, you know, cloud above this, who in their right
mind with any education would think that it could be that tight.
I mean, we have plus or minus, you know, 3 or 4% on some weak polls.
And here we are trying to, you know, take the most important job in the world.
And like I said, you're...
Why are you doing this to yourself?
Don't you understand that not seriously.
Why are you doing this to yourself?
We're never going to know.
There were so many when you're using an archaic way to try to determine how people are
voting.
And then you have all these old parts holding these ballots up to the sky.
Is there light coming through?
Is there...
Well, what are we talking about?
There is no way to know.
I know it's frustrating, but please accept that if I never tell you anything else that
you believe, believe that.
There is no way we'll ever re-enown.
Well, the worst part though is, you know, you got the young people who probably could,
if they all voted make the majority rule.
But most of them are so apathetic to voting.
And here's a perfect example.
Well, why shouldn't they be apathetic?
First of all, look at the candidates you got.
Second of all, look at the fraud and the corruption.
Well, why should young people waste their time getting involved in this?
What's the point?
Right, and these candidates really do show their true colors when all of this crap...
Maybe they're smarter than we are, sir.
They're not wasting their time with this crap.
In fact, I salute all your young people out there who didn't get involved and bogged
out with this bullcrap.
I salute you.
Twenty-before noon at 5'60 W.Q.M.
Floridians, done as dirt.
Waitress, I'm going downtown.
Say you'd be good to Jesus.
Say you'd be sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet.
Offside of this.
He'll give you about $1,000, $1,800.
Now, you're gonna sit inside and poop.
Give me some extra.
I'm going to find these.
They're just sticky knees.
Eat them up.
Is she with some cheese?
I will be eating none of these.
That's tough, I don't want to pee.
It's a tough thing on a green nut.
Even if you say pee, so these are what's in me.
Now, you say I need to pee.
Just go away.
Listen to what I say.
Just forget about it.
And don't doubt about it, yo.
While I'm incarcerated, I just grab a gap.
It is possible.
I see the toilet.
What is it?
It's just a towel.
I'm like kind of a lesson.
I listen when you hear it.
You're hoping gone.
I'm sorry, I've been in a poor dorm.
I said my parents were the crime.
That's all I can do.
Now, I've got some food that's good.
But I hopped to one, two, two, three, two, three.
I say blue.
Forget the daddy.
Why, let me tell you, man.
I can't believe it.
I had the real grand slam.
You see that?
I'm a rapper.
I'm a singer.
I should just give a voice.
The askin' things.
The ganging doctor.
If you don't get an essay on me.
It's on the singer.
I'm a singer.
You see?
It's trying to get it.
It needs to be doing it.
Yeah, I wonder if, uh,
Alien Head is happy me over there today.
What do you think?
Well, it's getting close to lunchtime.
I'm worried about it.
14-till-noon at 560 WQAM.
560-705-60.
They're doing the weather on CNN,
so you know that we don't have any news
from the US Supreme Court.
Now, since today is December 12th,
and it's the kind of semi-official day
for, you know, naming the electorate.
You know, the electorate is,
although the legislature is waiting till the mark,
like officially, you know,
they're in the process today
that they're going to wrap it up tomorrow.
Which it seems to me,
and again, I'm no legal expert,
unlike your girlfriend.
But it seems to me that if they do that,
that it even leaves their electors kind of like up in limbo,
it leaves them open to question.
Let's put it that way.
You know what I'm saying?
But I think if you listen to rap music,
it should give you a real good idea of,
well, I don't want to go into it.
Or the American education system,
and be at, and I was told to do it before,
like in Amsterdam,
and I hate to keep bringing that up,
but I do spend a lot of time there.
I have an apartment there.
I live there like 17 months out of the year.
17 months?
That's not bad.
17 weeks?
Well, 17 months, please.
But anyway, you know,
and there's places where I shop,
there's one market where they're owned by Chinese people.
Going in to get maybe like a candy bar,
a bottle of water, whatever.
Chinese people, from China,
like from, and they speak of course Chinese,
and they speak Dutch,
because they live there,
and they do their business there,
and they speak perfect English.
And I'm sure they want people
when they're in speak to them in French or Spanish,
or maybe even German,
they probably speak some of that language too.
Well, like if I go into an establishment,
they speak to me in Dutch,
and I say,
oh, I'm sorry, I don't speak Dutch,
I speak English.
Guess what?
They speak English to me.
Because almost everybody there speaks English.
It's the mandatory second language in school,
and they don't look at me like,
oh, what's the matter?
Can't you speak Dutch?
Huh?
Are you promoting the bilingual propaganda?
I'm just saying that the site,
no, bilingualism doesn't work,
but they don't have bilingualism there, officially.
But my point is,
why is everybody in this country
so goddamn uptight,
about people speaking another language?
What's the problem?
And yes, I've had instances
where I find it offensive,
where people speak perfect English,
like those kids in the elevator,
from power 96.
Well, let's speak it up power 96.
Thanks to John Gerriss,
another of the power 96 people
brought us a check for Planned Parenthood.
So that's two and two days.
Any QAM sales people bring in checks live today?
No.
No.
Anybody from management?
No.
Other than Duff?
No.
And see, they have no shame.
You can't shame these people in the give,
because they won't do it.
They won't do it.
They have no understanding of it.
Broadcasting is all aboutable.
Charity is all aboutable.
This program is all about...
All they know is that we make them a lot of money,
we get big ratings, and that's it.
And then I'm a pain in the ass,
and they hate me like poison.
But other than that, that's all they know.
All right?
I just for the life of me,
don't understand what the big stimulus
with you people is about language.
Why is it such a psychotic thing?
I mean, it's a great excuse to hate people.
There's no question about that.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, how's it going now?
Okay.
Hey, I think it's a good thought
about the problem between the Gore and Bush campaign problem here.
I think we should just have a lot of those on dollars as president.
Yeah, there you go.
Or maybe Armando Gidears.
Gunzales and Gidears.
Brilliant.
What are how long it took him to think that up?
How many hours did you think it took?
Yeah, five, six, seven,
oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, Verizon wireless line.
And out of town, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, 63, 45.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, good.
Okay, that's all the line.
Yeah, I just give a big kick out of all these people that are in this big kissy
over who's going to be the next president, Bush or Gore.
Because to me, it doesn't matter, really.
And not as more to me who's the next crook that's going to be our local elected official,
giving away $60 million to a local developer or something.
Yeah.
That's more important.
Those are parks, those are schools, those are roads that don't get built.
And all these people are in a big kissy over who doesn't matter.
Don't you understand, like I said before, it's the public being manipulated.
Because the media tells them that this is the most important thing every four years
they're supposed to get all worked up into it, Tizzy, and so they do it.
And because it looks like somebody stole the election or somebody didn't feel like it,
whatever, the political viewpoint.
Therefore, they get duly outraged and psychotic about it.
But you make it very good point.
I've said that for years.
The things that happen around you, like the closer to home, the more important it is,
and nobody cares about that.
Yeah.
We just, like you said, first of all, we got kids going to school in Dave County
who can't even go to, you know, you get like two minutes for lunch every day
and don't have textbooks to take home.
Nobody cares about that.
Nobody.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Yeah, I wish that these people that are calling in and getting all worked up about that
would realize that when their money, their local tax dollars are squandered
because of the crooks that are elected as politicians, that has more of an impact
than who the next president is.
Well, that's a lot of work.
That's saying that we're going to pay the same number of taxes no matter who the president is.
But, out of money spent locally from our local tax dollars, that has more of an impact
than on our lives than whatever they do in Washington.
Yeah.
Good luck to us, pal.
Have a great day.
Just like I tried to tell people all those months that you all get whipped up about
early on.
Oh my God, I told you.
It doesn't amount to a hill of beans.
It means nothing.
It's meaningless.
And all the people that were getting crazy on both sides for quite a lot.
Why?
Why?
For what?
He's gone.
Maybe he's having his happy meal.
So maybe he's not, which means you lived 10, 15 years longer.
But regardless, it didn't affect my life.
It didn't affect most of your lives.
Any of your lives.
But again, it was just something that the media got everybody all crazy about.
And right away you follow the group step in line.
I'm sorry.
I just find a tragic that you're so easy.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
Any other thing?
Palm Beach Post today, the Florida State Association of Supervisor Elections began a
three-day orientation in Tampa yesterday.
15 new Supervisor Elections and eight veterans were there.
And when Teresa LaPour announced her name, she said, Chuckling, nervously, softly.
The 15 nearly elected Supervisors and eight veterans in the room listened politely and
finally.
And then they gave her a long, loud round of applause.
Really?
And she said, quote, you'll get me crying.
No.
I don't know.
But she won't cry.
I'd like to get her crying.
She's on queer street now.
Uh-huh.
Well, she knows all there is to know about the crying game.
Okay.
5.67, 05.60, 05.60 on the 80.
And Verizon wireless line.
Very good, sir.
Excellent.
It says on air today is the target date for Florida to choose presidential electors.
The only problem is we're still waiting for the supreme to start singing.
I think that clearance, Thomas, you could probably carry a cool attune.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Well, basically I want to make you comments.
One thing I want to reiterate the fact that the Dutch people are absolutely incredible people.
And they have something else that we don't have.
And they have non-cancer oranges out there, too.
The orange juice and those coffee shops are fun.
There you go.
Another thing I want to say, though, because you had that Joker call to say, hey, it doesn't matter what goes on up there and this and the other.
But I don't think the people understand that these wonderful special sessions that the Republicans have called these last couple of years, they're not free.
You know, they cost those money and it comes out of, you know, our paychecks anyway.
Yeah, but look, if the public didn't care about the 60 or 70 million for penis games, they're sure not care what they're going to come about.
There's small change.
Yeah, but they're not buying me drinks up there.
So, you know, I mean, it becomes bothersome.
Yeah.
You know, there's no more free crown royals and stuff like that.
But, you know, one day we'll probably wake up and become as liberated as the tolerant people out there in that wonderful wonderland.
Don't hold your breath, pal.
Thanks, Bob.
I'll see you on the plow.
I'll see you on the dam rack.
You got it.
Okay.
I'll see you at the murkies on the dam rack.
I was telling George about that.
It's, of course, almost all the restaurants, they're ethnic restaurants.
And they're all entitled to legitimate ethnic people out in the Italian.
They're like real Italians who came from Italy, not greetos who talk about mozzarella and capacool and that kind of like real Italians.
And they go in there and they speak English.
I mean, with an accent, but who cares they speak English and they speak Dutch and they speak German and they speak French and they speak espagnol.
They pick it up on the.
And what's the big deal?
And you want to know why?
Because it's good business.
And if you don't speak with their language, they don't know if you're like, eh, eh.
Oh, I will say that I see I'm getting sucked into it now because there are places in this town where if you go in and don't speak the right language, they look at you.
And you know what?
You just don't speak with those establishments.
You say, eh, eh, eh, eh.
That's all.
You put that little finger up in the ear and say, bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Lingo.
Oh, see, there it goes again.
Are they having you going to get the cheese yet?
Yeah, Bokert-Brion came in.
He's going to be doing the rest of the show in here today because George is on the way to pick up his free cheese for this month.
Tuesday is also powdered egg day.
Oh, God.
Oh, it's big and eggs, you know, they do go bad if you live in the refrigerator too long.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, I get a call on Saturday morning, sitting there watching all this stuff about the election and their counting votes again and the phone rings.
And it's my mother.
Now, I'm worried sick.
I have something really crucial to discuss with you.
I'm worried sick.
Those were her exact words.
Worried sick, she has something crucial.
But I was at the house.
I noticed that you boys have some eggs in the refrigerator and you know they have an expiration date.
First of all, I asked you on, I said, have you ever bought eggs?
Because I never see them making eggs.
No, I never buy because I don't make, I don't cook eggs.
I don't like eggs other than the omelette.
So I know she brought them when she stays there, which she denies.
She brought them.
And you know, they stay.
You can get sound vanilla.
I said, how much is he making this year?
And what position does he play?
I said, I'm going to go right now and throw them out.
I'm just worried sick about it.
I said, I'm going to the refrigerator right now and I'm going to throw them out, Ma.
All of what I should have done was I should have said, we're going to go make omelettes right now and see if they're still any good.
Then she had something to be worried sick about.
This is 560 QAM 430560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale, a feasibly broadcast group station.
www.wam.com for the world.
I think I'm going to have that as George Bush.
Stop the damage of the job.
Its hard to stop.
Stop the damage of the job.
Yes.
Make sure that the job is worthwhile.
Have a no more.
This is the way it is.
It's racing out.
George Bush is a very good guy.
George Bush is a very good guy.
George Bush is a very good guy.
He's a very good guy.
He's a very good guy.
He's a very good guy.
He's a very good guy.
He's a very good guy.
George Bush is a very good guy.
It's all racing out.
They want George to be proud.
They want George to be proud.
They want George to be proud.
Well, he's a very good guy.
He's a very good guy.
The Cabin's Bar is Done!
The Cabin's Bar is Done!
Make sure that's your C-1!
Cover clock at 5.50 W.C.
We're still waiting, baby.
We'll be waiting.
Here's a really idiotic fact.
Several I've had from the same Jackass.
It's Skyline aluminum.
What's line 4-1?
Is that in the Palm Beach?
I don't know.
Where hell is 9-4-1 area code?
Skyline aluminum.
What any rate, the essence of it is,
well if somebody wants to live here,
they have to f and learn our language.
If we went to live in another country,
we could still speak English.
We need to learn their language too.
It says, well guess what?
That's wrong.
Four Myers.
Oh four Myers.
I can live in Amsterdam for the next 30 years.
They never learn to speak 20-
Yeah, a few words of Dutch.
That's all I need.
They don't need to speak Dutch.
People live all over the rest of the world.
Don't speak the native language.
They need to somehow get along,
pick their way through.
If they're smart, they learn a few words enough.
You know, they get buying.
That's it.
So, 5-6-7-0-5-60,
Palm 5-60 on the AT&T.
That's why he needs to be lectured by those intellectuals
over there in four Myers.
Oh man, are they sharp or what?
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm doing great.
I just want to say a new listener.
I enjoy your straight-shoot and talk.
I heard you in George's talk in this morning about the key peg.
Two points might be missing.
A 1,500 lot cost the same both times,
unless you order them on an expedited basis.
Foray, order them from a different supplier.
And as far as the Goren Bush thing,
I know we're all getting fed up,
but we can't quit just because
we're fed up with it.
What do you mean we can't quit?
What does that mean?
Quit what?
I'm kind of pleased that Goren's following this through,
because I'm fed up as well,
but it's like well, well wrestling.
If he happens to be on top when everybody's fed up,
so he'll say, okay, you take it,
because we're tired,
you just happen to be on top when we're fed up.
Well, I mean, because you're fed up,
it all depends on what you're fed up with.
I'm glad that he followed it all the way through,
but there comes a point at which you've lost,
and you have to say it.
And then when the Supreme Court decision comes down,
it will against them, he's going to have to concede.
But to find out, I agree,
but you've caught up the last week, maybe.
But to immerse yourself in it and to become engrossed
at the exclusive almost everything else,
like millions of people have done,
I'm sorry, that's not for me to do.
I'm not that well whipped up about it.
I'm with you.
I'm just glad Goren's stuck at a little bit longer than I would.
I agree.
I'm with you on that.
So the sooner it's over,
let's be done on, let's get going and do things.
A match.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
5.6705.60.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruling on the
any second baby involved at any time,
it says, it didn't say any second at any time,
or it could not come at any time.
And there's that Judge Metal Frank says no.
Find it Mike Betcher.
I'm still all worried about Bubba and his blow jobs.
That would be a good name for a group,
and Bubba and the blow jobs, that's not bad.
Or like a song, like,
William the Hangai, Bubba and the Blow jobs.
There you go.
Book of Brian.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
Hey, listen, I heard a rumor, right?
Down the Supreme Court judges.
They were in a slip of the corn, man.
Trying to see what they're going through is how they go out.
You see the bush, right?
But they say that on the bush,
Posse trying to slip us,
they were here corn in the man.
So you're going to keep all the way to the end.
But you know what Clinton says?
Head is better than some head is better than none,
or something like that.
5.6705.60.
On the 18T in Verizon,
where I was going,
we're just killing some time waiting for that to dig,
ruling to come down.
We're waiting.
As if the whole, my life is just,
just, hanging on in the ears.
Haven't you got that cheese yet?
Here's Carl Gable, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I'm sure you know about the Justice Scalia,
and his two songs.
Yes, I do, sir.
We had that on here yesterday, yeah.
So there's more.
If you go to Bushwatch.com,
there's a late breaking story.
Of course, it takes the examiner,
or a British paper to uncover this.
But Judge Uncle Thomas' wife works for the legal firm
that's working for the Bush transition team.
Yeah.
Well, that's for the conflict of interest.
All of course, that opinion.
Of course, there's a conflict of interest.
And of course, it's all political.
It's by the all these talking heads on the networks
that are trying to make it seem like there's some objectivity.
And all these people that used to be AIDS to this justice.
And there's no objectivity.
It's all political.
Anybody who doesn't believe that is a moron.
Yeah, well, I understand that.
But it is unbelievable.
It's not unbelievable.
That's what our system is based upon.
It's based upon all of this, you know,
one hand wipes the other and wipe your ass with it.
That's what it's based on.
Well, I agree with what you said yesterday.
And not the objectivity of the press is totally gone.
And what are they?
And all of this information is sitting out there.
And the kind of stuff you're talking about,
you have to go to some website somewhere,
just like the other person who's been sitting out there
and they're like the pictures of Bush with the drink
and the booze, all these other things.
Because the media is like, you know,
they're wrapped up in their own, whatever it is,
their own little world.
Unless you get a British paper or something.
Right.
Well, I don't think most people are reading the British paper.
They don't speak that language.
They don't speak that well.
They don't speak that well.
They have to legitimize it.
Because otherwise, how could they cover it
and give it all this credibility?
And that's what the media does.
Because the media is pandering
to what they perceive to be the majority of the public.
Most people are Democrats or Republicans
and screw everybody else.
That's what the media basically says.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon and wireless line.
Many lines open sitting and waiting there for you.
Let's see.
We really get them going there on the,
on the, uh, uh,
of Planned Parenthood fundraiser.
What we got in there.
Two orders today on there.
Ah!
40 bucks more.
For the best of deal on our website.
40 more bucks.
At that rate by, uh, December of 2025,
we might get to 100 grand.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, I was listening to your show about 20 minutes ago.
There was a commercial on with Todd Simpson,
the big defenseman.
Yeah.
We're going to turn this thing around.
Well, he's injured so we ain't going to be part of the party.
Yeah, we're going to, I'm going to hit someone up.
What a stupid commercial that I'm trying to,
so take it to that.
How wants to go to a pamphor game?
They suck.
Yeah.
I mean, just the commercial made me laugh.
Hey, but don't forget we're getting the all-star games.
See, they always managed to come up with some,
obfuscation.
The new deal is now we're getting the all-star game in three years.
Like, and they're using that story to cover up the fact that, uh,
it's a disaster and nobody's gotten fired yet.
It's unconscionable.
I just can't, uh, everybody's wondering how loud
how many naked pictures the Maurice must have.
I'm surprised you didn't say anything after the commercial.
I heard you do a sound when they said we're going to turn things into...
Well, we know what am I going to say.
I'm going to stop hoping for that,
but I have to put a commercial like that.
Yeah.
They suck.
Okay, well, you've said that three times now.
I agree.
But we don't rip the commercials.
In fact, we, uh, that's enough.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, of course.
If this were a town where they were cared about that,
then both of them would have been run out of town on a real long time ago.
And probably Mr. Boat-type, built a ray with them,
but they don't just don't care enough.
I mean, they didn't care if we had...
If you could see the Gorlite go on the first year in the New Orleans.
I was the only one who cared about that and screamed the horror.
And forced them, embarrassed them,
into putting in Gorlites that people can actually see.
And then they didn't care when we got Paul Vellbrue,
because they had no idea who that was.
And you expect me to, you know, waste my time here.
I mean, I care about it, but they don't.
And I have this thing that just motivates me.
It's called the Need to Survive.
The need to get that checked twice a month.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, just a few stereotypes.
I'm Latin, I do speak English, and I've wanted for Gord.
Oh, my God.
But in response to the fact from Port Myers,
I looked in Mexico for five years with 200 other Americans.
And probably about four or five of them actually
learned Spanish after the four or five years.
Right. So that's it.
There are thousands and thousands and thousands,
maybe millions of Americans living abroad.
And they, for whatever reasons,
how about if you lived in China?
How about if you had some kind of a job in China,
unless you were actually doing business with the Chinese people?
How in the world could you learn their language?
Right. All right. I think you're done.
Okay, thanks.
I mean, just look at those guy named Symbols.
5.670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'd like to hear from some women today who aren't upset about bilingualism.
You think we get here from one between now and two o'clock?
Who aren't all whipped up about that?
That's all I care about.
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
That's all I care about.
It's how much they hate the Cubans,
and about bilingualism,
which of course, all ties in with that,
because it's a great excuse to hate the Cubans,
and then the other guy throwing in all the Latin's
with that generalization,
as if all Latin's voter like anyway,
which they don't,
because Gore got far and away
the majority of the Hispanic vote in this last election nationwide.
But don't confuse these people with the fact
because Hispanics be bad.
Cubans are Hispanic.
They hate the Cubans,
therefore they hate all Hispanics,
and since Hispanics come from some other country,
they hate everybody from any other foreign country,
and not in on a coast.
And let me say it again.
You little, the underthrow all yokals over there in Fort Myers,
we don't need any instructions on life from you guys, okay?
Because you are in another country,
and you still can't speak English.
Nine minutes after noon at 560 WQF.
The Neil Roger Show.
Sports Radio.
Five-sixties.
Q.A.
Ten-hole.
They gow direct the right martial delays,
headquarters in Washington,
the Jim Baker singers.
Our Lord, our Lord, our Lord,
our basketball players,
our little guy.
And say,
I'm too,
the new Republican for Christ.
I'm talking about a part of your self-defeated race,
because they cry the day.
Perhaps a bigger,
and tied the two-year trucks,
they okay?
You, whoop,
and have your child
on a pageant Christmas Hill with a...
Merry Christmas.
Thank you.
I won't get a ruble,
but I'm going to show you what I will.
I'll tell you that.
He told us I do do.
I'll do that.
I don't get that doing here.
From 14 at 560 WQF,
every time I see him,
every time they put his disgusting rotest push on TV
that James Baker just ends a chill up and down my spine.
I forget that same feeling
that I did on the train
from Amsterdam to Calon,
when we crossed the German border.
And they announced,
this train is now on the hands of the German police.
Yeah.
And I thought,
ooh,
team, we're going to get a free shower in this train trip too,
is that included in the price of the ticket?
560-70560,
pound 560 on a GAT&T.
In fact, when you get a free shower,
you don't even have to bring your own soap.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm going to a divorce,
so I can't listen to music anymore,
so I listen to your new show and you correct me up,
and that's a good thing.
Great.
Thank God for me.
Exactly.
Anyways, the whole issue that you were talking about,
but the media before,
it surprises me.
So I was wondering if you could play the happy song
that you played the other day from Clinton.
You don't impress me much.
That's the best laugh I've had in about six months.
Okay, you've got it, sweetheart.
Have a good day.
Hang in there.
Thanks for keeping us a cracking up.
Okay.
Bye.
Yeah, see, this is, there's a lady who's not all,
see, I can't stand people that want to be morbid.
I don't want to be morbid about the election.
Okay, pissed off for a little while.
I'm not even pissed off anymore.
I resigned myself there, whichever way it comes out,
which I have a pretty good idea,
which way it will,
since they're taking their damn sweet time with this thing.
I don't think anybody's going to be counting anything at this point,
but regardless,
life's going to go on.
But we live in the,
in this state where everybody,
people thrive on being depressed in psychotic.
Oh, right now.
Oh, that's another one.
I like that one too.
Well, it's a little...
This is my favorite holiday.
Oh, yeah, it's a party.
This is your club in the present of the United States.
This is my favorite,
favorite, the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who stuff that were pretty hot,
but Bill is here to tell you about girls.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and rip away pants.
But when they looked at me,
they were under my triumphs.
Whoa!
You're playing your special shirt.
Whoa!
You're playing your special shirt.
Whoa!
So, Paula Jones,
you got a new nose.
Not known and pressed many much.
No, I'm not.
Well, you got the brain out of you,
got the pants.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll play your whole ride.
But that won't keep me warm,
and I'll never lose the night.
That's not the best way, man.
I'll play your whole ride.
Let's live long, she'll live.
I'll play your whole ride.
She had a play recorder,
but she kept on its own.
And after she ate steak,
she was very the bone.
She got herself the wife,
oh, and a tummy tuck.
But she still has ugly eyes.
And she was a hockey plug.
Whoa!
That's not the best way, man.
Whoa!
That's not the best way, man.
So, Linda Tripp got some surgery.
That dumb impression made me...
Oh, my God.
Well, you got the brains,
my nephew, you got the touch.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Yeah, I'll play your whole ride.
But that won't keep me warm,
and I'll never lose the night.
Not another impression made me...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I'm so happy, everybody.
Oh, yeah, how about this next one?
A vague, chunky girl with a bird on the right.
The damn gas glass merely plays a way.
Well, we'll see great meetings in my car, a door.
I could have thought we'll chamberlain the hottest car.
Whoa!
That's not the best way, man.
Oh, my God.
That's not the best way.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That dumb impression made me...
Well, you got the brains,
my nephew got the touch.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll play your whole ride.
But that won't keep me warm,
and I'll never lose the night.
Oh, my God.
I know the best way, man.
I'm afraid that's the last.
Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star.
When she gets burned, I think her arms break,
she'd hatch big old legs,
and an ass to match.
That's right.
You make sense, man.
No, I'm not the one who's as lucky as I am.
Bill Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
Not dumb and fresh.
Well, you got the brains,
but if you got the touch,
I'll never lose the night.
Well, I'll play your whole ride.
But that won't keep me warm,
and I'll never lose the night.
That's not a press, man.
Like you, that is my thing in the women's dress.
I love you.
I'm 18 at 560.
I'm glad she called.
I could play that four because it made me smile.
And anybody can smile on Florida.
You really stand out in the crowd.
I'm looking at these pictures.
They're in Detroit.
Plains are stuck there in the airport.
They're in the airport shutdown.
There's one guy straight into coffee shop.
Without any cops to protect him, which is unusual.
And all these people just try and desperately to claw their wild
of the massive snowstorm.
And the people down here, the sun is shining.
The birds are dropping a big board everywhere they can.
No extra charge.
What's the problem?
Why are the people here so miserable, so full of hate?
Like that.
What is that all about?
Why is it that even when you go to these places where they have horrible weather?
And they smile and you get on the elevator and they say good morning?
Just like in Vegas.
You go to Vegas.
Everybody's friendly.
Even they have a tourist.
They're friendly.
Good morning.
How you doing?
It's congested.
It's crowded.
But they're not elbowing you.
They're not nasty.
They don't look at you like you're going to pull out an axe in the chop to throat.
Of course, it really got a lot worse.
It didn't used to be quite this bad.
It was always bad.
But you know when somebody moved here.
Oh, man.
It got a lot worse, especially the axe part.
If you axe me.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Anything going on on CNN?
No.
MSNBC?
No.
No.
Nothing going on yet.
But it could happen any second.
Don't go away.
That's what they keep telling us.
191 votes on our poll on NealRongers.com.
Today's poll about hazing after that grotesque story about the Covenant Creek baseball players
accused of hazing, which nobody seems to care about.
There's another one of those things that I'm going to respond to.
Because most of the men in the audience are embarrassed by it.
All those mature men.
They're embarrassed.
I'm embarrassed for you.
Anyway, hazing is unacceptable to behave your 129.
67.5%.
Stupid but harmless.
39.20.5%.
I wonder if stupid but harmless is that applied to the kids who died in some of the hazing incidents
last years that we've read about?
I guess stupid but harmless most of the time would have been a better choice, except when somebody dies.
Anyway, stupid but harmless.
39.20%.
Just kids having fun.
23 assholes.
I mean, 22 people say that 12%.
Just kids having fun.
Just screwing around with other guys, penises.
Believe me, you're talking to somebody who knows that when a guy wants to mess around with some other guy's penis,
that usually there's a reason for it.
Believe me, when I tell you that.
Good clean fun.
Right.
Just having fun.
56670560, pound 560.
Look at that.
It just went off by mistake just by itself.
No, seriously.
I've got the keychain.
I've even touched it.
The keychain.
It said.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Wow.
566705, you've got 400 open lines.
You will never make it until today because these people are just crumbling under the pressure.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
How are you?
Great.
How are you doing?
Good.
I just wanted to tell you that, well, I work in my occupation.
I speak to hundreds of people a day, mostly from Florida and other parts of the country, also, from Missouri.
And the Florida people are the most miserable, so human beings alive.
They're the rudest, nasty, and I figured out the majority of them are waiting to die.
They're so all they're out of 132 years old.
Others are the pseudo-intelligent women who are so other professionals and that they can make you don't own their own.
And they like to put everybody else down because they're very insecure.
And then others are just men who are either Hispanics, business men, and they are powerful.
And they just like to put people down.
And it's really upsetting to see that.
I think what you're saying is this place sucks.
Absolutely.
I agree with you 100%.
Well, the answer to it is if you can't get out permanently, get out as often as you can.
And that's what I do.
Right?
Or just hide and like.
Just hide and like.
From New York.
Okay, sweetheart.
Okay.
We have a nice day.
I'm talking to you.
I'm from New York.
Rochester, what anything New York?
Thank God.
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Forgive me for the connection.
It's as best as I can do.
Okay.
The frustration seems to be like we're in a hurricane over here with the entire nation.
I think that America was supposed to be based on equal rights and things like that.
Equal rights.
Since when and what since when did that happen?
Well, I guess that's what we were all expecting and taught.
I mean, reality, I guess, is hitting us in the face.
I think that all those people who are picking cotton, they should all have equal rights with each other.
No.
All those cotton picking folks.
This whole country was based on discrimination.
That's what this country is all about.
We have a cast system here.
You know that.
We have the upper class and then we have all the rest of us.
I guess that's really what the story is, but you know, there are a lot more people that I guess are in the majority who are not part of that upper class system.
Yeah.
Whoever said the majority ruled because they were wrong, majority doesn't rule.
The people with the power and the money are the ones who rule.
I say.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay. Well, that was good.
A little civics lesson form there, a little lesson on reality and life.
The people with a big box, people with a big connections, they're the ones who get the power, those are ones who rule.
The Kennedys, the Bushes, the royal families, those are the ones that pull all the strings.
And the rest of us were just like little puppets on the string.
Just like in the beginning of Godfather.
All three Godfathers at the beginning of the movement, it shows the strings, so the hand on the strings.
And the string is attached to your rectum and somebody's anchoring it and don't even feel good.
Most of the time.
Unless of course they're in a fraternity.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, there's nothing like running naked on the beach.
I'm sorry, I don't want to play that guy again.
How about just a couple of words from him?
Oh, maybe just a word or two.
Here's a mobile in bouquet. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, so I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And I just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends for?
Oh, I can't deal with him again now.
Maybe maybe another word or two.
26 past noon at 5.60.
Any guy that calls this show and talks about there's nothing in the world like running naked with your best friends on the beach.
Oh, God.
I mean, is this guy really thinking he's fooling anybody?
Well, anybody say that to hear and somebody say that.
That damn fat guy. I can't stand it.
Did I say 26 past noon at 5.60 WQM?
Yeah.
Or I said that. And there's still no news.
Just don't panic. There's no news.
But it could happen any moment.
60 who were out the moon, mon?
We're back live here at the WQAM Christmas Folk parade in Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's fun.
Look at that. Look at that bow. Look at that bow.
Yeah. It looks like a nice picture of me after heading this way.
Yeah. I get it. My friend, what's the cat?
It looks like the owner is trying to say something.
Look at me.
Listen in, shall we?
That's right.
Look at me.
I'll include thrills and how much more money I have in you.
Keep worshiping me. That's right, my little nemesis.
Let's hear it. Oh my good fortune.
But you can hold your master on his shoes.
That's right, boss.
Looks like we got someone on a line who apparently has the bridge locked up in a position.
Hello?
You were wearing a square tie for our civil party.
It is only 8.000 dollars.
I don't feel bad.
Man, never real like that.
I don't know about you.
I sound like somebody had it.
That's it.
Thank you for your call.
Here comes the W. 2 way out of the odds.
That's not a odds. That's not a odds.
Oh, haven't you, right?
That looks like a ski do.
Yeah.
This is what looks like the chair step.
Attempting before my human triangle.
Is that?
Get that side boy. He's trying to get on top.
Oh my God. Look out.
Oh, the humanity.
We'll be right back after the latest finger-pig scores.
And Mrs. Manekati's my authority school.
Stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic.
Okay, 1231 at 560 WQA.
I forgot to thank Dave the booker.
I mean, the buggy man Gordon from LC Evergreen Press Control
left his card here.
Thank you, Dave.
Happy get our own pest control guy in here.
Came in spray yesterday and we have no bugs today.
We'll be back today for phase.
And we'll be back today to make pick up the carcasses.
Isn't that great?
Gotta get our own bug man.
Had to get our own TV or own satellite dish or own new facts machine back here.
And all the...
Because it's our do-it-yourself studio.
Because the beastly people in Greg Reed lie a lot.
Here's a lady in Chicago.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Uh, me?
Yes, I am.
Um, who do you think will be the president of the United States?
Ulysses S. Grant.
That is so true.
And I agree with you 100%.
Are you snowed in?
Uh-huh.
Are you snowed in up there?
Yes, I am.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Oh, well, it's not.
75 here.
The sun is shining.
It's beautiful.
Oh, I wish I was in a really good old flower in Miami with you right now, dear.
We could use you.
We got a lot of miserable nasty people down here.
They ought to be up there freezing there, I saw.
I know.
I heard this lady and the radio saying that.
Is it really true people up there obnoxious like those?
Yes.
Yes.
The nastiest people in the entire universe are in Florida.
That's correct.
Oh, my God.
That's why we screwed up a whole election.
That's why we can't do anything right.
Well, in a sense of it, you're right about that.
Neil, I know the thing I would like to talk to you about, I should have a friend living in California, Los Angeles.
And he calls you.
He's a healthy man.
And he likes you so very much like a father's like son.
Really?
You know, yes, out of the men sometimes they in mind doesn't work together.
You know, like, you know, fine.
Like mine.
And he says whenever he talks to you, you don't give him a time of day.
Can you give him a time of day?
27, 27 to 1, that means it's like 27 to 10 specific time.
Okay.
I mean, would you just talk to him for eight some minutes or so?
Maybe.
Okay, I will tell him that and he will call you.
Tell him to call me after the new year.
Okay, darling.
Okay, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Keep that in mind, George.
When he calls, put the get the timer out.
We'll give him one minute.
Maybe.
What do you want to say to us?
Open any answer.
Okay, 26 to 1 at 560 WQM.
Here's Ben Overton, former Florida Supreme Court Justice.
I'm seeing and saying.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not going to put that on.
I mean, they're just killing time.
They're just vamping that.
They're desperate.
Desperate.
Desperate.
They're all smuddering it when they please do something.
I mean, run out of talking heads for crying out loud.
Please, even Alcy Hastings won't talk to us anymore.
Please, do something already.
I mean, this is the most ridiculous pile of crap.
What are they?
What are...
Stop and think about this.
What are they discussing?
Maybe Clarence Thomas has passed on that big fat one around.
That might be it.
Uh-huh.
And Rincultis is probably saying, well, where do I stick this?
Oh!
We can tell where to stick it.
Right in his big, fat-she, spectrum.
Yes.
And they're pontificating and going on.
And I mean, whoever is going to say what?
All row.
I'll stop and think about this.
If it was as cut and dried as Heinrich Himmelos Kalia said the other day,
If it was that cut and dried, we already would have had a decision, right?
Maybe they're just putting on a show.
But, are they putting on the ritz?
Maybe they're putting some of that cheesy response to get on the ritz.
But at any rate, maybe they're thinking about how they're going to give the instructions down.
Oh wait a minute, let's see.
Oh, here's what I take.
Another former Supreme Court clerk for San Rodeo, don't call me Evabrano Conner.
Everybody that ever even took a leak in the restrooms at the Supreme Court,
they've had on these shows the last four or five days, and they still can't fill up the time.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
Listen, just sit around, listen to today.
I'd like a little shameless request from Slick Willie, Hutton Bieber with Omar Fudd.
Okay.
Excellent.
Thank you.
You got him, man.
Bye.
All right, bye-bye.
Now let's see, what's that called?
Well, it's that quest we've read.
Ah, uh, uh, we've read.
Come out with your hands up.
Don't shoot.
Don't shoot, please.
Why didn't Quentin?
What are you doing out here?
I'm on the prowl.
I'm really, uh, show him I am hunting for rabbits.
Oh, really?
Well, a hunt for rabbits is nice, but I'm hunting for something a little more gratifying
than rabbits.
Well, gratifying than a rabbit.
What's that, Mr. President?
Lever.
Oh, that sounds very exciting.
Beaver's have such a nice help, yes they do.
And a big wild tail, round ass, you get a lot of that.
And a voluacious appetite for wood.
Anyway, I got enough wood in my pants to feed army of beavers.
Let's go.
Do you have a wife on?
Nope.
All I need to get beaver is my boy's good looks and this.
Oh my, that's the craziest working wife I ever saw.
Well, it's a little crooked.
But it gets the job, uh, I don't see how you ever shoot beaver with that thing.
The key to shooting beaver.
Did you get to get right on top of a sound whiskey?
Shh.
That's smell beaver.
What, what do we do now, Mr. Poise?
Give me that breath spray.
Just do what I do.
Oh, oh baby.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Baby, baby.
I waked whoop.
That was some good beaver, Elmer.
Yes, beavers, where we good eating, Mr. Poise, and a hell of a lot less filling than
rabbit.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
22-1-560 W.A.M.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560 Q.A.M.
What a lollipop little boy.
No.
Oh.
Partitions around you.
Bring tears to your eyes.
Their fakeness has turned you.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Yes, push and go.
They won't see twelve.
Won't get my boat no way in hell.
Here as you see, this is Tokyo.
It's a promise to you.
Arms with 1242.
At 560 W.A.M.
We're still waiting.
And there's Greta, she's saying.
And they're also pouring over 100 pages of legal breeze.
Yeah, okay.
She's got her legal breeze and they're a little bit tight.
560 7.0560, 05.560 on the AT&T.
And it provides the wireless line.
What can this mean, the way they're dragging the sound, huh?
What can it mean?
Here's Taberniere.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good afternoon.
Oh, here's another former Supreme Court clerk.
Yes, go ahead.
Anywhere, I voted.
That's all I could do about it.
That's right.
What the hell is going to we do about it?
It's over with and now let's take a little...
I don't know, they don't mess with you.
I don't really give it there.
But you know, I was wondering, realizing it is...
You know, I can't think of any other media show,
whether it's radio or television or what.
That is anywhere near close to you as far as, you know,
presenting the facts and the truth.
I mean, anything.
That's what I always say.
I mean, all these talking head shows seems to be right wing, you know?
And that seems a little weird.
Well, they're all establishment.
Some of them are a little more white than others.
But they're all establishment.
They're shills.
Right.
And some of them are thinking about it.
You know, they spend over $400 million.
They get that past, don't they?
Get one back.
Well, it doesn't say they get matching funds from the government or something?
Not all the money that they spend.
I don't remember how the formula says.
I don't know how they get matching funds.
Sure.
That's really weird.
Anyway, for people having been out of this country,
this isn't a free country anymore.
It hasn't been for a long time.
You said it.
Keep that passport tight, pal.
You bet you.
And I'll tell you about that in Marlins.
No, okay, see you.
Bye-bye.
Oh, that couldn't do.
We just got to bolt in the A-Watt.
Alex Rodriguez is going to build a sustaining with some of that money you got.
Is he going to do it?
Come on, Alex.
No.
Oh.
And of course, the sports nerds, they're not going to get too carried away about this
because they've got to have something to talk about.
They don't want to see all these sports disappear because then what are they going to do?
So they're going to continue justifying the fact that all these, oh, man, this makes my skin crawl.
Including, there's a list of all these, the guys.
And how much the salaries are.
Guys who are like marginal,
media offer at best, who are making millions and millions and millions of dollars.
I don't even want to look at it.
Not getting.
And it would be different if it works with the fact that they're always crying,
always coming, they're losing money, and they've got to have new stadiums and the public's got to either
finance it or find a way for them to build it.
And then they've got to charge higher ticket prices and more on a concession.
And they're old routine.
And we keep building them new facilities.
And then they're obsolete in five or ten years.
And then people stop showing up anyway.
Your priorities, America are all upside down.
They're all screwed up.
Here's South Miami. Hello.
Hey, anything else good?
Okay.
Listen, you know, I know you appreciate honesty.
And I don't listen to you for the college because to be quite honest, you know,
you guys, one of the most ridiculous college in the world.
That's true.
I listen to you because, you know, I appreciate your opinions and whatnot.
But it just proves me how, you know, you keep saying I'm tired of selection.
I don't want to talk about it.
And I'm keep on calling with the election.
And, you know, you say, you know, you brought a good topic about the hazing.
And as soon as you finish some lady calls on, I want to talk about puppies or...
No, you want to talk about bilingualism.
Or bilingualism.
And you know, you have to let that fit your mouth a little bit.
And it's just, you know, America's priorities are just, you know,
we don't, we have an over fire voting system, but yeah, we're going to build a high speed bullet,
whatever it is you want to call it.
Really strange.
Yeah.
And, you know, just, just want to make that comment to you, you know.
Okay, pal.
Hey, hang in there.
Just consider the sources.
Okay, a lot of assholes running around out there.
In fact, if you ever been to any of our appearances, I'm sorry.
Are we going to do that thing at the pizza lot?
Yeah.
Come on.
What do you say, George?
It's your idea.
I say, yeah.
Yeah, what?
Yeah, you want free food.
Any chance that you get free food anytime I want.
So, can I?
Right now.
But I've got to go get that cheese.
Well, that's right.
Well, on your way to get the cheese, in fact, wrap some off at the loft, Jeff might like put a slab and some on some of that food.
Well, that sounds pretty good, pizza lot right now.
Who they didn't have come in.
Dick.
Now, seriously, I would have been great having him.
He didn't have to bring in stuff with a lot of tomato sauce on it.
That'll give me odds of this.
Especially since my grud is so good today.
I don't have all that to do with that.
That's a great idea.
Huh?
It's a quarter to one.
He won't be here, yeah, he will.
Call him right now, see what he says.
It's right in the middle of lunch hour.
Why would you do that to him?
Right in the middle of freaking lunch hour.
That's okay.
He'll do it for us, because otherwise I'll tell the public what he said last time we was here about that.
I can say sh**.
Yeah, sure.
I'll tell him about Costa Rica.
Okay, where we going?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
You mean Hollywood's gone?
Hollywood's, hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to talk about the comparison with the Nixon tapes where he kept saying, uh, don't play the tape, I'm an honest man.
Yeah.
He didn't say it was an honest man, he said I'm not a crook.
Yeah, I'm not a crook, I'm a honest man.
No, he said I'm not a crook, he never said he was honest.
He said the Universal afraid train.
Right.
And then he had the movement down in Miami when they were all banging on the doors and be monitoring me of Hitler and the Goring campaign with them trying to keep everybody from getting their boats in.
Right.
In fact, I hear this year for a Hanukkah, they're bringing back a reenactment of crystal lockers, what I'm hearing, I could be just an ugly rumor.
Let's hope so.
Yeah, that was a pretty ugly scene down there.
You know, if you can't, if you can't win for in square then disrupt the county.
If you can't stop illegally then just go in there and intimidate everybody.
Stop the count, stop the count, what I said.
Yeah, it was a beautiful thing, especially that one guy.
I remember me having the only one that saw him.
It looked like his head was going to spin right off of his shoulders.
So what do you want?
Oh, maybe some sausage and meatballs with some onions and shrooms.
And just enough sauce to make it wet.
Squared, you know what I'm saying?
Cheese.
No.
Well, you're getting your own cheese.
You're getting that big block of cheese down there from welfare, what do you need his cheese for?
You leave Jeff Cohen's cheese alone.
I know I sure would.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, they're just a tad slow today there.
I think they're fooling under the pressure if he acts me.
They're fooling.
They're caving in.
Come on, let's get that announcement going.
These people can't handle it anymore.
They're crumbling.
It's one is tomorrow when we're going to be doing the first of a 40-part series on bilingualism.
Here's what we're going to be doing in another language is.
Here's going to be Chilo.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My heart early underrated is something you mentioned about Coconut Creek, high school baseball team.
Yes, sir.
What happened there?
Because I'm an alumni.
And I used to play baller.
Well, they had a hazing scandal.
Seniors hazed at least 500 classmen last spring by spreading icy hot mussels sav on their genitals or ass by beating them with paddles while students photographed the assault.
And then one kid in particular got banged up pretty bad.
And the parents and the shaperones were there at the hotel in Orlando.
So we're covering it all up.
They said, you know, just don't let it out.
Yeah, I'm a graduate of back in 86 and we used to do the same thing.
Why?
There's just a tradition.
Why?
I know it's kind of ridiculous, but I don't know.
Why would you want to monkey your mind with the other kid's genitals?
What does that mean?
Well, I don't know.
In order to get on the baseball team, you have to go through the hazing.
And there's just tradition.
You know, I don't particularly...
Well, don't you find it a little bit sick?
Yeah.
Yeah, I do find it a little bit sick.
I mean, if you're on the baseball team, if you're on the baseball team,
if you're on the baseball team, if you're on the baseball team,
if you want to play ball, you've got to mess around with your genitals.
Well, send me some pictures of baseball team.
Maybe I'll mess around with their genitals.
Thank you.
At least they'll feel better.
56670560, pound 560, honestly.
I'm glad we got that call because he's been brainwashed in a believing...
he's been conditioned in a believing...
if you want to play for the team, then you've got to go along with that crap.
This is sick!
Nice scam.
How'd you guys pull that one off?
Yeah.
No, I'm the one who wants to know that.
Please, let me know how you guys have cooked it a quick.
How you ever suck these guys out?
That's a bad expression.
How you ever conned them into doing that?
That was a very bad approach or some words.
God.
Maybe to get a job in radio.
I'm going into coaching myself.
That's right.
In fact, this morning I walked into the studio,
because the gelly was out there sucking them out as usual.
Well, I understand he's under a lot of pressure from the organization about the Panthers.
And somebody said, was it B4?
Comes up with, well, have they talked to the Orogis?
They had about the coaching position?
And I said, well, I might take up that position right there,
right next to Ray Whitney on the bench, or maybe in the locker room.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, a young guy here didn't vote.
Don't give a crap about either way the way it turns out.
Good for you, man.
Good.
I like indifference now.
Usually I'm a little hostile toward indifference.
But with these two clowns and with the way this whole thing's been orchestrated,
I say good for you.
Now, have you ever been hazed?
No, sir.
That's what I was calling you.
These guys calling up these frat guys.
You know, most of them, the only reason they're calling you up trying to defend themselves is because
they only have fond memories of all that stuff.
That's right.
They liked it.
Hey, and I got one thing to say.
There's no fag in the fraternity.
All right.
Have a good life, pal.
Yeah, there's no fag in the fraternity.
There's no fag in a baseball team.
There's no fag in a quikai.
Unlike what's the high school that's the cappuccai in the Dave County where they're always always getting no use to get those calls.
What was that one Columbus?
Columbus.
Got Columbus.
Very good.
Columbus high.
Where the kids really learn to run fast because the priests are chasing them around all day.
People are sacking in the church.
Right.
Yeah, they got a great track squad because like I said, you'd run like hell two of those old men in the skirt were chasing your ass around.
Underline the ass part.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, seeing you people out there like they got to call yesterday, it's used to think that it was very funny when I was joking about this, doing them.
And now all of a sudden, he's coming to the realization that I was right.
I had my thumb right on it.
I know what I'd be talking about.
Maybe it's embarrassing and all these closet people and all these people did learn around with each other.
Don't do what we do.
Do what we say.
Because what we do, you wouldn't even want to be embarrassed by.
But just do what we say.
Where is honesty anymore?
Where are all the old perverts like me?
Or at least honest enough to admit they were a bunch of old perverts.
So there's nothing wrong with that.
At least admit it.
And when does my coaching position start?
As a matter of fact, I think this afternoon, right after work, I'm going to drive it up to Kolkata Creek High and check the scenery out up there.
See what's going on with that baseball team.
Hey, listen, it's already December.
Another couple of months, there'll be a training it.
And the team too.
Now what does that say in ROM?
Now ROM Kent, is that what it says?
I just want to say, if you could have played shortstop and hit 39 home runs, I could have gotten you $250 million to.
You're not going to justify that, are you?
Please, please.
I'm consumable.
Oh, good.
I'm consumable, unreal, beyond any comprehension.
And we're talking to a man who's a frustrated baseball wannabe, who's baseball, used to be his number one month,
who almost never goes to a Marlon game anymore, even with the free tickets.
And you've got to admit, this has got to be the last blow, if I can use that word.
It's history.
I can't, I am out of my mind over this.
Yeah.
It's almost like I want to go back into radio.
Yeah.
What, you keep me out of that anyway?
Yes, I'm trying to do a public service.
Well, listen, there's some coaching positions open to Coke and a Creek High, is what I'm hearing.
Well, I'm ready to do that.
Now, I got a call.
I've got a call from the student.
Did you?
Yeah, something about some hazing in Coke and a Creek High, and he wants to sue about it.
Yeah. Are you serious?
I'm serious, I have to go to my office and find out what this message is.
That's what I was talking about just now.
That's the big story right on the front page of your sunset, and of course, one of the attorneys in there,
I'm not going to need to get any more publicity, is Ellis Rubin.
Oh, no!
Yeah, I'm thinking.
If he can get his publicity from it, then you certainly ought to grab on to it and the other story, too.
All right, listen, you have a great day and learn how to play short stocks.
Well, listen, when you're going over there to talk to the people from Coke and a Creek,
so you can get me a coaching position over there.
It sounds like they're having a good time.
Okay.
See ya.
Got it.
Oh.
Woo!
No, no, you only accept a coaching position.
What about that boy or something?
I like it.
I see hot.
Anyway, you can be the equipment manager.
There you go.
Oh, my goodness.
It could come.
They keep changing the wording of this.
US Supreme Court ruling.
Could come at any moment.
Yeah, that's what they said on the baseball team.
You keep putting that stuff on there.
That's great.
It could come at any moment.
Well, the reason the rubber gloves, oh, thank God.
That made it okay.
So who gave us the Peter Leonard, I think, brought us a check.
I'm trying to think of our salespeople because it ought to be pretty embarrassing for the QA and people.
That the power 96 people are bringing those checks made out to plan parodot to try to help us get to 100 grand.
But the QA and people.
Pretty goddamn embarrassing.
This is 560 QAL.
Oh, bro.
It's the one to two hour.
You think the power of running a backfield to take the most away from those Christ killing Jews?
It's, uh, hate squal.
Yes, the hate squal is coming to your house as Christmas.
You hate Republican action figures that teach you how to participate in good, Christian Republican partisan rhetoric.
It's a great chillin' Jewish.
Even if it was the Roman, but they were in Jewish.
Our parliament, Christian soldiers, like us, went all out.
Good luck, good luck, good luck, good luck, good luck, good luck.
A-bush.
A thousand points a lie.
It's junior and faux.
Two, three, four.
And saying taxes.
Excautory.
Play the power bills, old separately.
Each action figure comes with its own, plum-paced propaganda booklet, explaining how the Jews move back from last.
Thank you.
Superfair, Shrugorah, Prings, Westica, Armdance.
And an additional LNT self-painting uncle faugh.
But, Harry, these actions take your center available for a short time only yet just top an RR.
Boy, those kids here get around.
Those kids don't like the same kids from sugar-shockers.
They don't say, yeah, they still wound up.
One o'clock, and finally, this hazing story is big.
I was just reading things somebody faxed me here, but in Hollywood and the olden days, these have so many problems.
They had to form the Hage Commission.
5607-0560.
Pound 560 on EAT&T.
Too many of those couch auditions, I guess.
Here's a mobile and Davie. Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon.
Buenos dias.
Thank you.
I'll get a result.
I'm going to reserve judgment on the Rodriguez contract for now.
What do you mean by that?
Well, how can you reserve judgment on it?
Well, I need a ton of money.
Sure.
I think the media obscures how the baseball players make the money.
If you compare baseball salaries to basketball,
how many of you think they're going to talk about how much land those are?
No, but it doesn't make any difference which sport we're talking about.
That's the point.
That's the idea.
Why is any jock worth $15 or $20 million a year?
No, they're not.
Well, then we can hit them up for a loan maybe at least for those stadiums.
Yeah, there you go.
That's what I said before.
He can build a stadium in it with his pocket change.
Have you been watching Goa Dorn this thing?
I've been trying to avoid all of it last two days.
What's up with this guy?
I think he should be with the Hage President from home?
Yeah.
And what about Bush?
He's down there in a ranch having a barbecue.
So what do you...
He's governing from home.
Well, they're both doing us a big favor.
They're both staying as far away from us as possible, which I like.
I think any should recuse himself from the right president.
If he's trying to check, who isn't him, guys?
Yeah.
Right presidential check?
Uh-huh.
I'm going to listen to him, boy.
You want to see if he's going to the movies with Lee and Betty in check?
Okay, have a great day, pal.
And get a new phone.
After you get that tax cut.
$56705, $60.
They could rule anytime.
That's what they're saying.
Bob Franken says.
The strong belief that the ruling would probably come today.
Yeah.
But...
Oh, yeah.
But they might drag this out until...
In fact, maybe the fix is in for Bubba.
That's right.
Maybe he showed something to Senator Deo Connor that changed your tune.
Maybe he showed something to the parents Thomas that changed his tune.
Who the hell knows?
And like I said, this is the way that a great democracy conducts a presidential election
then my name is Heinrich Himmler Jr., okay?
Who the hell are we kiddin' over here?
So when's Jeff comin'?
So...
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, I've been goin' there.
All right.
Ah, great show.
Now, I have a couple of concerns here.
You know, what there are they goin' on in the world today?
And all around the world, and plus here in the United States with all those craziness
and the political arena.
I'll mention all the hazin' goin' on a coconut creek, yeah.
Exactly.
And people speak in other languages.
Exactly.
My main concern is...
And lost puppy.
Why is it that you and me have to act the way they are?
Now see, my concern is the way people are treating each other today,
you're talkin' about with the thing in coconut creek, the political arena,
wars and Israel and all that kind of thing.
We don't hear a opinion on the way humanity is today.
I'm really thinking about myself.
What do we need to have that opinion about?
What do you mean these days, these days?
Like, it's different now than it was before.
It's the sense always been the same.
People abusing each other.
People are hating each other.
And of course, what better to hate somebody else with with a tool?
Oh, not that tool.
I'm talkin' about religion.
Yeah.
Religion, you got to religion.
You got to crazy people in the Middle East, the Jews and the Arabs and the Christians,
especially this time of the year now.
Christians want a lot of Christmas tree in the Jerusalem probably.
And let me ask you this question.
How come it was so bad for the Cubans to be all psychotic and vote what they thought
that was in there, self-interest, which it isn't, but nevertheless,
and there'll be so many Republicans.
But it was okay like when Hillary was running for a cent in New York.
And if she didn't say just exactly the right thing on the right day about the Palestinians
and about Jerusalem and Tel Aviv and all of a sudden the polls were changing,
and the Jews were the ones getting all psychotic.
You have this pack mentality.
That's the problem.
Pack mentality.
People don't deal as individuals.
People don't think.
They don't think.
And especially American people, thinking is forbidden in this country.
You will not think.
That's what George Ville said.
And he said that this Sunday on that awful TV show.
And Sam Donaldson said, you will not look at me again like that just because my wig is like 45 degrees off on the angle.
How could anybody go on television with a wig like that?
Seriously.
I mean, he's a silly person to begin with.
But how could anybody who makes more than five bucks an hour go on TV and look like that?
When also the person working out is sitting in the system and saying,
if I'm looking at the court wall, I'll pass you over there.
Oh, here's the New York Times thing that's putting on there.
I'm just trying to read it.
Not that I care you understand.
I'm just, in case there might have been anything interesting there.
Was there anything interesting there?
No.
No, in the comments, but in the New York Times.
No, they just put it on the screen to kill some more time.
And now they've got some other bitch on there.
Oh, here's Mary Cheth, rhymes with Feth, Constitutional Law Professor.
Decide, there probably will be language.
Yeah, we got language.
Oh, I hope it's the English language.
Oh, we just got a bullet in the...
The justices are translating, they're ruling into 48 different languages.
That's what's taken so long.
And if you're lucky, you might get an English but don't count on it.
Especially all you sandy, patent wannabes out there.
Here's a lady in Pepperpine.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
A long time listener about 10 years.
All right.
First time I've had the nerve to call.
Great.
Wanted to let you know that I started listening to you when I lived in West Palm Beach.
And you won't believe this.
It was a fellow coworker or a woman who turned me on to your program.
I'll be dang.
Got a question for you, a change of subject.
Okay, please.
I have a chance to go to Amsterdam.
Oh.
I can pick either October or April.
Which is the better month to go?
I would say April.
Late April.
Okay.
Or early October.
I would say late April.
Okay.
And I have a shameless request.
Could you play the Chinese people song?
Chinese people?
You know, I love Chinese.
Oh, that's the Rick and Zun thing.
I don't have that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That, me too.
Well, anything by the rabbit would be good again even though you just did one.
Okay, I'll see you on Amsterdam.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Tootsie's.
Yeah, let's play I like Chinese.
Do you want to play I like Chinese?
Yeah.
Oh, I do like Chinese.
Food, people.
See, I was very disappointed when we did the demographic thing over the weekend.
Because it looked like most of our Asian people had vanished.
Or either of that or the previous one, they were all phony votes on there.
They vanished.
We had just a small handful, which is what most of the Asians have anyway.
A very small handful.
That's depressing because the Asians are people you can generally respect.
I hate to love people together like that, but we always do it anyway.
So why not like a French Canadian?
We can respect the Asians because they got a brain.
Because they have ethics.
Because they've got like intelligence because they can speak all kinds of
different languages and all of these things.
Even if they do have very teeny tiny penises and even with those tiny penises,
they made over a billion people.
Huh?
No, it's true.
It's true all you guys out there who have very small penises don't despair.
Just think of those Chinese.
And if you think about it long enough, maybe you're returning Japanese.
I don't know.
Who the hell knows.
I'm trying to talk about anything beside this crap.
I mean, just, oh, how can you dare?
I got one facts here.
How can you say it does make any difference?
Let me say it again.
At this point to me, I can only speak for me.
I just, I care a little bit, but I don't care, care.
Okay?
I just, not much.
Little teeny tiny, like a Chinese penis.
That's how much I care about this election now.
The whole thing is stupid.
It's idiotic.
It was pathetic.
From the beginning it was a disaster with these candidates.
It was a disaster.
So why should it come out right?
So how was the Christmas party last night?
Eight minutes after one.
At five, six to eight.
You're right.
They spend a lot of money on the station.
We don't want to talk about that.
Go ahead, son.
The President now.
Hello.
Hello, President.
She's hot.
I'm going to say this.
Well, I'll look first.
Say you're in drip.
Oh, my dad is gay to me.
In America, President.
He's a dead soul.
On the third day of Christmas.
Wait a minute.
One gosh darn minute.
But you're not.
You're not counted for days right.
It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas.
And you have counted only in the second day,
which has every right to be there.
So that.
I'm George Bush, right?
I suggest that you recount from the time.
Follow along with me.
Okay.
All for 12 day of Christmas.
We're counting days to be 11 of the royal votes.
On the tenth day of Christmas.
Now you skipped a lover.
Did you say the left?
No, that was only your preposition to a numerical phrase.
Now start again.
Um, I'm a Christmas.
That again to me.
Absolutely.
That's it.
You can have them in America.
I'm out of here.
Now what's your problem?
What's you really trying to say?
113 and 560.
Nobody can queue.
I'm 567.
That was up 91.
And as they extend about what?
What is it?
41 for whatever was.
Not too bad.
They're waiting.
They're just hanging right on the edges of their seats.
Just like all you people out there.
They're probably popping hemorrhoids from squeezing your cheeks so tight.
Waiting for this hole for the other shoe to drop.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Alia, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, Alia, trying to find the benefit of the doubt
and some of your colleagues kind of hard to find.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, here you are.
Listen, you know, we don't got no money for schools,
but we're going to pay some guy $250 million to head a baseball.
Yeah, and this guy before says he's withholding judgment.
He's going to sit back and wait and see, I guess,
how many home ones he hits or what?
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Like he hasn't made up his mind yet.
I tell you about.
I moved on here from Canada 10 years ago.
Big mistake.
Yeah.
It's a fluid of all places.
And, you know, it's just, you know, your college,
I just want to know what people's minds are at.
You know, especially that guy from the front
that thinks he's fooling somebody,
will he call you every other day?
Yeah.
Trying to act on that popularity or the bilingual lady.
But anyhow, I knew I got a request.
You think you play a Sinai Twain parody
with one of Bill and Monica?
Or Bubba?
Bill and Monica, that's not Sinai Twain.
Yeah, Sinai Twain.
Apparently, they don't impress me once with Bubba.
I just got you playing that.
Oh, man, all right.
You guys see it.
Did I just get you playing that?
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5.
I'm 5, 60.
Although I do love Sinai Twain.
Who is Canadian, I should mention.
But nevertheless, let's play it again.
What do you say?
Oh, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're still waiting on you.
We're still waiting to hear a lot more about these things
that are really important in this world besides who speak in English
and some stupid goddamn election between two,
totally, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll,
evidently unqualified candidates.
Oh, we're real disappointed in you, Neil.
We're fucking written.
No, I'm not.
I never liked them in the first place.
And now I'm disp, I'm denosuated with both of them.
Well, if either one of them had any class,
they would have conceded to either one of them had any clients.
No.
No.
And in addition to which they hate each other like poison.
Just keep that in mind.
Both camps despise each other
with a special bitterness, seldom seen in history of American politics.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're doing.
Okay.
No, just to touch on the thing I'm bilingual is a mother.
Ah!
What?
To touch on it.
Well, you were talking about it earlier.
And I have to go do a favor for my brother.
I pick up my niece over Shenandoah Elementary.
Yeah.
And I go into the office and everybody there is talking smash.
And I'm picking myself, well, my niece is getting a really good education here.
I mean, I want her to learn English, so that's my brother.
Yeah.
And it's the first time I ever, you know, went to the elementary school
and everybody around there is talking Spanish.
Yeah.
Well, is there any English speaking people there?
They all know speak English.
Well, last time I saw, saw you making flag flying out.
Well, forget about that.
I mean, what's going on?
Is there some truth to that?
I mean, maybe they were hazing each other.
I have no idea.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't care about it.
Don't you understand?
I don't care about it.
I consider and have every phone line lit up here every goddamn day we could spend six months wasting time talking about bilingualism.
I'm not going to do it.
I don't care.
I'm not interested.
Let them, there are Julios anyway.
Let them lose their cheese.
Now, how will it?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
But maybe there were hazing down there.
I think I might have been it.
Yeah.
Maybe there were spraying some icy hot in their general area.
Correct them.
Maybe the general was doing it.
Not that they do those things in the military, of course.
Oh, no.
Only the Marines and the Siemens.
Here's Bokeh.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm a ex-college wrestler and a family brother.
Oh, wrestler and fraternity brother.
Whoo!
And I'm straight.
Yeah, sir.
We believe you.
I'm the heavyweight.
If you saw me, no one would touch me.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay, like Josh Friedman.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay.
I don't smell.
Oh, thank God for that.
You know, the hazing in, when I wrestled in Division II,
up by Mansfield, Pennsylvania, up by El Miron Corning,
Yeah, sure.
And we never had any hazing or anything like that.
And the attorney, it's mostly psychologically,
because they would tell you, like, you'd have activities,
which you did push-ups and stuff, and got yelled at,
and they told you to wear boxer shorts.
So you're sitting out there.
You're like, why they want us to wear boxer shorts?
And the first thing goes to your mind is, you know,
something gay.
If you don't have boxer shorts, they're going to strip you down
and do something.
Right.
But mostly it's just psychological.
Like, the sheep, they said, yeah, the screwy sheep.
So, you know, seven weeks of a pledge, you know,
they make sheep sounds and stuff like that.
I want to...
No, by the end of pledging and all the alcohol I consumed,
I was ready to do the sheep.
But, no, not the really.
And you remember, I don't know when you went to Michigan State,
they used to carry the paddles around.
The attorney paddles.
No, I never...
I, well, basically, if you ever saw animal house,
I used to...
Right.
I don't know, hit them.
So when you made your paddle,
one activity was you were going to get paddled,
and the whole thing is, why the hell are they going to paddle us?
But you're so far in it, you already spent five weeks
taking bulls.
Sure.
I just want to take them out.
I'll take some water.
What the crib is, you went behind the door,
and they said, you know, we don't paddle people.
And then you just made noises like you were going to get paddled.
But other than that, you know, I never saw any of that.
Well, you better get over to a coconut creek high,
and I want to have a much better time over there.
I want to ask you, I'm in Bokka,
where can I pick up the CDs around here?
Specs, any specs?
Specs, you know.
That's music.
Like in the mall or something.
Yeah.
And the last thing was about the election,
I know you don't want to talk about it,
but I'm just so sick of it.
You know, I want to go in, because less or two evils.
But one thing you told me a long time ago about your dad,
how he always talked about Israel,
and he wanted to go there.
Now, you said that like every, especially Orthodox Jews,
every good Jews, that's their homeland.
Oy!
Yeah, and they want to, they want to eventually live there, right?
I mean, so, you know, with all that,
with him being that far right in the religion,
you know, that kind of hurt me,
because all the trouble in the Middle East,
and you know, where is the world?
He's going to lie, with, you know, I don't know.
Okay, well listen, hang in there and watch out for the paddles.
Okay.
Anybody know what he just said?
Is anybody in the world?
I have any idea what he just said.
No.
Okay, I thought it was only me.
But he meant well.
And he just was like, he was just somebody could touch him.
Hey, listen, he's big and fat, and he wishes somebody would touch him.
Like Josh Freeman.
But not Josh Freeman.
He would not let Josh Freeman close enough to touch him.
Believe me, you need to win anybody else.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring, so.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello, Ted.
I say, it gets me sick when I think about the fact
that if it wasn't for that butterfly ballad up in the Palm Beach Towns,
this election would have been over a month ago.
And my dad was one of the voters up there.
And he related to me, you know, his experience there.
And I'd like to say that to you.
That's okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
I test my rope.
I wasn't just a troker.
It took me a while to get there.
I had to take my rope.
I was like, look.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon wireless lines.
Where are we going next?
Let's just keep plugging right along here.
Because they're getting better one by one.
Let's go into an appearance.
No.
Come on.
George will do it.
He'd like to go somewhere with more than two people show up.
Here's a mobile and highly.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah.
How are you?
Listen.
I have a question for you.
I was listening to some radio last night.
And I heard some lady talking about that.
A lot of the votes for the.
Talking about the one.
For a lot of the votes for the election.
That black people did.
They wouldn't count them or take them into consideration.
Like the Thumb Cookman and Sam Murat.
What is it?
And how can they do that?
How can they not take your vote or something?
I don't understand that part.
They don't like smarts.
Don't you get it?
Well, I know that.
But I mean, how can they do that legally?
I mean, it doesn't make sense.
If I go out there to vote, you're in my vote count.
The word legal has nothing to do with this election, man.
You better stop confusing them with the facts.
Don't bring the law into this.
Legal has nothing to do with Florida elections.
Once you take that word out, it all becomes much clearer.
Like looking through a mirror.
Oh, God.
I'm gagging on it.
Must be a couple of these causes, sir.
560-560, 05-60 on the AT&T.
We're still waiting and there's still showing a weather.
There's Lauren Sydney.
Oh, boy.
She's a weather person like I'm a goddamn brain surgeon.
But anyway, she's still appointing at it and the weather map too.
Because they still have no more information.
But I guarantee when they go back to the news desk,
it'll stay on the bottom of the screen any moment now.
Any second, it could be like Harry Curie.
It might be.
It could be.
But it's not.
We don't have it.
Poor Harry Curie.
You know, life just isn't the same without Harry Curie anymore.
It just doesn't.
Ain't the same.
Here's the mobile in the gate, old fellow.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're right about yesterday holding the arm in a 45-degree angle.
Uh-huh.
But today you keep saying we're waiting for the other shoot to drop.
And it's supposed to be the other group to drop.
You're right.
Very good.
I stand corrected.
A special request.
It's an old one.
It's the rest of our owner selling the Chinese restaurant.
Oh.
Yes.
Chinese restaurant.
I think you really want to hear that?
Yes.
Okay.
That's really an oldie.
Say please.
Okay.
Please.
Hello.
Can I help you?
Yeah, I couldn't bother.
But did you start the restaurant for sale?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
We saw the name.
Patrick?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You should start this for the talk of someone named Fu.
Fu?
Fu?
Okay, hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, who's speaking?
Hello.
Yeah, hello.
Who's speaking?
Hello.
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You got a restaurant for sale?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
How much do you want for the talk?
Well, you come over here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over and maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Does a jackpot include all the walks?
Huh?
What's up?
You Chinese?
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, so we're going to talk about that.
Talk about that?
Talk?
I'm going to talk to you.
I'm going to talk to you.
I'm going to talk to you.
Talk to you.
Talk to you.
Okay, I'm going to talk to you.
I'm going to come over and pick you up and look at the boss.
Okay.
Okay.
What's your heart?
Uh-huh.
You know, you need to talk to him.
Talk to him.
Talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
Talk to him.
Talk to him.
I'm going to talk to him.
Okay, I'm going to talk to him.
Okay.
I'm going to talk to him.
Talk to him.
Talk to him.
Talk to him.
Talk to him.
You know what you really said right there at the end?
You called out a penis?
25 after 1 at 560 W and 560, 7.0, 560, 0.560.
You know those numbers.
Now, why do I keep giving them over again and over and over?
Because it kills a lot of good time.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The Paul Williams Balls.
The Paul Williams.
The Paul Williams.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I'll shake it too hard and handy to it's still healing place.
What?
Not okay.
Sorry, it still works.
Here's our watch from the pizza loft.
Jeff Cohen who could add a great time and answer the ammo chose not to go because he figured
he could get some good weed from George instead of going all the way over there.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line.
You haven't had good shrooms.
Well, this has got some shrooms in it, but you never had shrooms like over there.
I'll play that.
And if your buddy Al was such a good friend, he'd let you use his apartment.
How the key is coming to Al's apartment by the way, George, we get those yet?
No.
No.
Are you going to sit down there and turn that?
Yeah.
So you turn this baby on.
Go ahead while I eat.
Okay.
So I think you should come out and do an appearance at the loft and I'll raise the money.
What?
And let's raise some money at the loft.
Let's make some more money for you at the loft.
And we're trying to eat it terribly.
Why?
Quite a lot.
Why?
Really?
Uh-huh.
Business is slow.
Yeah.
You know, medium.
Since you got Colin White to jail.
I don't know what you're talking about.
He got ripped off.
What does that mean?
Nobody's ever been sentenced for a misdemeanor for the way that he was.
Yeah.
My opinion the judge decided to make a million for herself and a career on his back.
Want to be something that we had a microphone and a guest mic in here that really worked.
If I could show you how the needle is barely moving.
And you're like talking right into it.
This is the most Mickey Mouse God damn studio.
Typical Greg Reed.
So Amsterdam was good.
And it's always good.
What?
Not to like.
I'll get there.
My daughter came in from school to visit during the Thanksgiving holidays.
There's no way I could have not been here.
My heart was there in Amsterdam though.
Yeah.
I'm not saying anything.
And you stood out.
You heard, stood out when I up on that frampton concert.
I left you a message at home.
Didn't stand you up.
I told you I wouldn't go to that if you paid me.
I was like, I don't know.
It's not a great.
I love being a frampton.
I wouldn't go to it.
It was a great show.
It's like, you guys, I wouldn't go to that thing.
You know, it's pretty funny.
Goldstein knows some good restaurants.
Yeah.
Have you eaten it, Sunfish Grill?
I don't.
I don't need fish.
They have the best New York strip steak I've had.
Prime meat, real soft, tender, perfect, great flavor.
Yeah.
Very, very good.
That 20 seats, real small place.
Yeah.
I'll know is there were to find a good meat.
In fact, he took this picture and amsteed it.
Which, maybe you haven't seen that yet.
A couple of his favorite hangouts.
He also took a bunch of other pictures that basically show nothing.
Right.
Yeah.
I thought, yeah.
Those are two else favorite hangouts.
But then you'd probably have a good time with them there.
Maybe like in the dark room back there in the adonis.
I don't think so.
Well, you never know.
I think he's all talk personally.
Do you?
Yeah.
That was one way to find out.
You first.
Let me know.
I'll go.
So next time you see, I'll ask him where to help him
and he'll tell you what he's got keys for his apartment that he keeps.
See, there's nothing worse than innsens here.
You know what I mean?
He'll be back in town on the 15th of what?
Of this month.
Yeah.
That's perfect if we do any time.
Mark that on your calendar because the office might not call more than seven or eight times
your mind is in one.
Mr. Goldstein is back in town.
If we do the appearance after the 15th, he'll be able to pop in.
And he'll be able to wait for the money too.
Okay.
It was day-to-arm.
What's the date you got?
The 16th.
Is that a Tuesday?
Tuesday the 19th.
Tuesday the 19th.
That works.
Tuesday the 19th from 539.
From 6th from 530 to 545.
No, from 6 to 9.
How's that?
That's perfect.
Yeah, that should get you some business.
6 to 9 p.m. Tuesday, the 719 at the pizza lot.
I have all the CDs and the cassettes and t-shirts.
And we'll have those free buttons.
And we'll even have some of those stupid picture cards which George can sign because I really really...
I don't want to anymore.
I'm sick of that.
When you get sick of that after 25 years, I mean...
I've got to sign the CDs.
I'll sign the CD one.
Well, no, but see, but you don't understand something.
Because a lot of the people that come by, they don't either have the money or they're too cheap,
they don't want to buy the CDs.
And the picture cards are for free.
So they'll say, you know, we don't want them to show up.
Let's not have free picture cards.
Dollars, they're not the buy-off.
Food or CDs.
Oh, that's tacky?
Tacky.
Even I can't do that.
Now that would be bad.
Well, we'll see.
We'll split by here.
So get into my keys.
Okay, I'm depending on you because this man, I would hate to have it go down on his tombstone.
Which won't be that long, I don't think.
But that he was insincere because he got a new key that actually opens a lot out of that upon.
So you go to his house to pick the key up.
I'm telling you, I can't believe you haven't been over there just to check it out.
No.
I don't want to see Joy but a focal.
He's not interested.
Well, you don't have to go then.
But his humidor room where his cigars has more cigars than a lot of cigar shops.
Unbelievable.
All Cuban, some pre-castro Cuban cigars.
Pretty amazing.
Did you say Castro?
Yeah.
Not a good idea.
Okay.
How's Tanner doing?
Tanner's good.
He set my bike up for me last week for racing.
Went down to home instead of racetrack last week and raced for the first time.
Never did that again.
Now, what kind of a bike is that a Vespa?
At the Coddy.
Oh.
Which goes the night of bike nights, by the way.
Yeah, why don't you explain what that is since you wrote that on a copy and I have no idea what that means.
If you come on a motorcycle on Thursday night.
If you come on a motorcycle, somebody probably has to wipe off the seat.
And anyway, if you get there on a motorcycle on Thursday night, yeah.
You buy one dinner in the second one's half price or you buy one pizza in the second one is half price.
That's every Thursday night.
And we end up with maybe 20 to 30 Harleys and 20 sport bikes.
In fact, when you go back to working, I want to tell Tanner that I would even show up a little earlier than that if he's going to come on a motorcycle.
I will have Tanner wait on you that night.
Yeah, good.
Okay.
I hope he looks a little better and he looked a little rougher on the edges last time.
He's gone out with an older woman and I think she's beaten him up pretty old.
Late 20s?
Well, it's not bad.
For him, he's 19, something like that.
20.
Right.
And it's wrong with that.
That's the except he's coming in burned out every morning and he's just keeping him up all night.
Yeah.
Well, I'm only 58.
Oh, I'm saying.
Well, this is great.
This is delicious.
A little sausage.
A lot better than I got rid of most of my agita that I had.
But I had that bad grude, which I never even heard of before.
I mean, so you know you get annoyed when you start getting the illnesses that you never even heard of before.
Then you know you're really getting old.
I never heard of that.
Grude.
And now all of a sudden, like everybody's got it.
Oh, yeah, millions of people have that grude.
Did you ever hear of it before?
No, none of us ever heard of that before.
I think they just make this crap up.
Like wiping your ass from the rear to the front.
They just make this stuff up.
When you get old and see now, they start making funny.
You know, you use your bidet and I'll throw you about that.
I don't have it.
I give it to George.
Badness.
I give it to Tommy.
Who give it to Tommy?
They love it, by the way.
Yeah, it's awesome.
Awesome.
Great.
I won't take a crap unless I'm at home.
And you certainly won't be taking a crap in my apartment in Amsterdam because it's a split level.
Some people live in split level houses.
I have a split level toilet.
Really?
Yeah.
And with all the respect, as much of a friend as you are, I don't want your crap on.
Even our gold thing isn't allowed to crap in my toilet.
Well, that's not understandable.
The thought of that.
In fact, I noticed in the last few years since he moved over there that the water in the canals is getting darker and darker brown.
Every time I go over there, it's a little several shades of darker, which he may get some credit for.
Yes.
Of course, that's the one.
Just to maintain that weight, the sheer volume of food that he has to eat and maintain the weight, he does know some good restaurants.
There's a great Thai restaurant where it's a problem when you do go to Amsterdam.
Right around the corner from his apartment, right down the Yasturi, there's a tremendous Thai restaurant.
I like Thai food.
And if you're lucky, maybe he'll take you in there with 40 or 50 of his best close personal.
In fact, we were talking about like maybe you're a hounder.
Some of you guys, we were talking about a few years ago, but they all play.
That's not good for my eyes, is it?
No, not at all.
I don't think it is.
No.
Okay, great.
So we'll see you on Tuesday of the 19th.
Now that I'm trying to get you out of here.
I'm going to even have to pick my son up at 2 o'clock.
Oh, you're going to pull a line.
Now, is he going to cook in a creek high?
No, no.
I think he'll eventually school.
Oh, he's going to be going crazy over there yet, are they?
No, that's really cool.
I'll get to the open.
Tell if any kids approach him with icy hot to run like a son of a bitch, that'll be my best suggestion.
Okay, I'll keep that in mind.
We'll see you Tuesday night.
Pizza Woft.
You're going to have to die tonight.
That's next week.
That's this Tuesday.
Well, today, right?
We've been going to do that last night.
See if you're going to promote your place.
Don't say I should just do that.
I probably say next Tuesday.
Well, I say this Tuesday, maybe people will come by mistake and I'll get that.
Oh, yeah, stop by tonight and see you.
You're going to come tonight.
I'll tell you all the stories.
Okay, thanks.
Get on here.
Okay, next Tuesday, we've been going to have to be great.
Good lunch.
Got some sausage and peppers and little onions.
Some shrooms in here.
Look like these were imported from Amsterdam, as a matter of fact.
So if I start talking a little bit goofy.
If I start sounding like the callers.
Here's a mobile in Margate.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing, Dale?
Okay.
My kid graduated from Cooker High last year.
He was part of a, he wasn't part of a hazing.
He was going to American Heritage before I transferred in there.
He took the team to the States and the fall.
American Heritage isn't that like a real apropial school?
Yeah, but the thing is my kid went to, he was picked for a zero-impyk team.
He was 15.
He was 288, 90 miles an hour.
And there was always a question mark.
Well, it's a small school.
Well, he took the team to the States and football.
So I pan-framed him as a senior to Cooker Creek.
He has a 3.8.
Well, the bottom line in Cooker Creek, I'm going to tell you that was the bottom line.
What is the bottom line?
Okay, the bottom line, they're all bunch of hollums.
My kid, they know who.
It's not too far from Coral Springs.
They probably like, you know, I'm shit up.
They know who I am.
There's no one there that can say, first of all, my kid is 6'5", 220 pounds.
Right.
Okay, the team was run by the booster club.
Okay, the coach was a wimp.
Yeah.
Right next to the coach, they tried to beat up my son three guys and my son beat all three of them up.
Okay, and they beat another kid.
What happened up there is not only what's going on on the paper.
The same kid that is suing because of that, him himself peeing a bucket and threw a pee over the balcony,
took cars, another kid trashed rooms.
These kids joined together, they got them a McDonald's and they steal the flag after poll.
I invited them to a party in my house.
They trashed my house.
Some of the kids stole jewelry.
I mean, the bottom line is that maybe the whole team together don't add up to 3.8 and my son carries the GPA.
And the bottom line before my son went there, some of the booster clubs told the coach,
if these kids think that he's going to come in here and be the superstar, we got news for him.
And you know what, it happened.
My kid only plays five games the whole season.
Sounds like a great place.
Well, you didn't know where they used to two win.
The problem is the school board pays his coaches $2,000 to $3,000.
So what they do is they're like, what you're waiting, they depend on tips.
The tips are given by the booster club.
So the booster club pays for this, booster club pays for that.
So in actuality, they're not working for the school.
They're working for the booster club.
So everybody who's in the booster club, their kids get special treatment regardless of whatever goes on.
That's why he lost his job.
Yeah.
Okay, because you're getting out of there now or what?
Huh?
So you're getting out of there?
Oh, my kid is going to play for FAU, he's going with Simon Burger.
He had over 50 letters for division 1 school, including Columbia.
Right.
Okay, Tulane.
Okay, but the coach knew he saw it.
My kid was the only guy that he was in the junior Olympic team.
The other day, some of the players that he played with, Montanquez, number three overall,
I picked last year.
Number seven people overall came from that Miami-Date team.
They came to pick up my kid over here.
This is a team that spends over $100,000 from Miami-Date.
No kids paid anything.
They picked the best of the best.
I still didn't play my kid because of the booster club.
And what's happening there is worse more than what the newspaper says.
Okay, well thanks for the good news.
If it keeps going like that, I'm going to have to change your name to Corker at Greek.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Wow.
Yeah, Corker at Greek high.
In fact, I heard they ruined some of the kids that went there.
Backed them.
Well, I could have made a lot of effort and gone through the whole thing of finding this damn thing.
Where the hell is it?
Backed them.
Hell, it damn your kid.
But it really wasn't worth it.
Okay, thanks for the bad news, sir.
And some very black marks on that school based on if you believe all of this stuff,
if you believe all of these things.
Well, just how's that pull coming?
298 votes.
Hazing is unacceptable.
The behavior 205.
Stupid but harmless.
59.
And just kids having fun.
34 assholes said that.
And of course, I'm sure those 34 assholes don't want to be on a receiving end.
But if their kids are just dumbing up because the other guys are just having fun, sit back and enjoy it and shut up.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Cheers.
Fuck I'm nervous.
I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
Fuck I'm nervous.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas for the smoking of my part.
Police can't make it.
Police can't make it.
Police can't make it.
They can't just get it all I got.
Police can't make it.
Police can't make it.
Police can't make it.
They must need a parking lot.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas for the smoking of my part.
146 and 560 WDQM did Greg Read come by with a check for plant parent idea?
560 and 560.
Boy I'm telling you they're sure to drag this whole business out.
Maybe it'll pop during the show today.
And the news too.
Hank will be here from 2 to 6 with Rob Conrad.
Robert Conrad says on here boy,
he bluff is really getting care.
Robert Conrad excuse me Robert for between 5 and 6.
Then you got a John Boog Shambi between 6 and 10 since we're getting real formal now.
And Eddie Kay at 10 o'clock.
That's our agenda for today.
Let's take a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
New it's going on man.
Same old stuff pal.
Yeah, hi.
We're still in a weight holding mode.
Tell me about it.
You know that.
That's very weak up on that piece of crap.
Yo man, first time calling.
I'm happy to hear that you know you still, you know, your spurs are pretty high on all this issue.
That's pretty high.
Yeah, you are.
Well actually I'm not even calling to talk about those rejects and watching times stuff.
Actually I am a fried boy and I want to share some of my stories with that.
How fried boy huh?
I'm a fried fellow man.
Okay.
But in terms of hazing, you know, I do want to kind of help break that little stereotype about fraternities is being all the same because actually I belong to a spino.
I did contribute an ethnic fraternity meaning a Latino fraternity.
Yeah.
So like there's no I can't even imagine what those guys are doing.
Let me tell you, you write some beans every day.
That's our hazing mode.
But you know, there's like just black fraternities and nation fraternities and not Indian fraternities like Indianism from India.
You know, the career fraternities and all that stuff.
But I want to think that I do that.
Dude, when I do the elephant walk in the Latin fraternities, at least I got something to cling onto.
There you go.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
No, but the funny thing is, well it's not funny.
The tragic thing is that I know Boston, that's where I went to school and when I did all my crazy stuff.
I don't know if you heard a couple years ago, but that kid at MIT that died.
Sure.
Well the funny thing is that's an MIT that dorm over there.
Their house was on Boston University's campus.
I played at Boston University and of course the hell that broke loose and they always updated the hazing and what considered hazing by every school.
And all that other practice for risk management purposes in MIT tell you.
If I was to be able to get a minute of my hands on those things, you would be amazed if they could do it or you couldn't do it.
In other words, what funny is that everybody breaks out anyways.
So my whole thing about this whole hazing thing is that everybody's going to do it.
They'll agree with it of course.
What's the point then?
I just don't get it.
I know I won't even know.
I don't want to sound like I'm holier than that here, but I mean every fraternity is very different.
Like my fraternity, one thing that we don't do, I mean doesn't sound silly to most people.
But one thing that I am that we don't do is, for example, drink with letters on.
Or if we do drink and we very strictly do it.
Like that, now the beating, the beating is going to come from other people, which of course we try to take care of that.
But I mean, the people that do it is because there's the whole much mentality.
And the funny thing is the whole much mentality has actually gone into sorority as well.
I mean, I know women who whack the hell out of each other.
And then they call me.
That's what ambition told me.
It goes a lot of things of course.
So I mean, you know, is this all going to be there?
Do I agree with it?
Of course not.
And it's something that even still I'm very active with my fraternity after seven years after graduating.
But the one thing is that unless I look and I really get involved and try to, you know, go back into their fraternities or chapters or whatever.
I mean, it's going to go on because people do what they know and you know, you see all these TV shows about people beating hell out of them.
People like you, guys like it and other guys running around making it and having their way with them.
You know, like animal house stuff.
I mean, that's still a classic sort of stuff.
Yeah, just guys having fun.
Yeah, so I mean, I think other generals.
Yeah, so unfortunately I was going to be around and I don't agree with it.
I was only going to be based on, you know, if I'm going to change only a long night, come back into the chapters and try to modify what, you know.
And because obviously all the money comes from the outside.
Yeah, I think most of the alumni want you know, on it.
Yeah.
If he acts me.
I'm sorry.
I say have a great day, pal.
Thanks, bro.
I say it again.
Okay.
You know what I said?
I said the alumni want a piece of it.
Now what's wrong with having the elephant walk with a force came to a grab on to.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, 5, 6, on the AT&T.
I mean, those guys who are a little more circumspect, Christ.
And can you imagine the Chinese doing the elephant walk?
I just don't know how you do that.
They do the baby elephant walks.
Yeah.
Not bad.
Go get your cheese.
10, 4, 2, 5, 60, WQAM.
And we're still waiting to show on the weather map again.
I'll tell you this Lauren Sydney, she's going to work out.
She doesn't know whether a scream or appeal to keep his banana.
They're so psychotic.
So they just keep putting this bitch on her like every two and a half minutes to show that weather map.
And guess what?
It's still storming up north and it's still colder than what she's asked.
And that's it.
Nothing changes, pal.
Well, that's going to be great next truth.
I hope you guys have a great day.
I hope you have a good time, George.
What do you think I'm showing up?
I'll be there.
Well.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560s QAM.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
The Solid A.C.
Give her a gift of love.
An expensive driving model from I need to be here.
I just love face it.
All with it.
Even though the latest of Christian W.T.S.
have the values of a crack hole.
So it's nice to start a 5,000-lilers.
You'd be a sure to get in some.
The other hand, 5 grand will keep the amazing workers for two years.
But diamonds are left to you for my need of beers.
Show her that you care about getting money.
154-560WQM.
Anything on CNN?
No.
MSNBC?
No.
Fox.
No.
No.
Well, I'm just checking.
Well, here's Alex Rodriguez, A.Rod 32RBI.
That's a lot to pay for A.Rod.
You know what I'm doing?
You know what you're saying?
No, absolutely.
You're saying $10 trillion or whatever it is getting?
Hey, A.Rod, don't be 50 dollars.
Please.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
What's happening, bud?
Yes, sir.
I don't have to be wearing it.
Back in 1985.
Hold on, I'm going to roll up my window.
Sorry about that.
No problem.
Back in 1984, I was somewhat of a celebrity due to the hazy.
This happened 15 years ago on Southwest High.
I was a freshman in the sophomore.
Right.
And played for the baseball team.
And basically, I was tied up in the locker room as a kid in a cell.
And I got duct tape.
You got one?
I got duct tape.
Oh, duct tape.
Yeah, Frankenbeams.
And let me tell you something.
It was terrible.
Yeah.
My family and the school board.
They were great.
But, hello.
Yeah, I'm here.
Yeah.
We ended up suing the school board.
Of course, back then, 15 was built to work.
You know, when we got back then, for what you could get now,
it was like nothing.
You know, we ended up selling for 70,000.
But more embarrassing was when I had started getting all the,
the leading attention back then.
You know, 15 years old.
And we had up, with that show, 2020, show up in the whole nine yard.
It was embarrassing.
It was embarrassing.
Everyone was so watch.
There were a few jerks around here in Miami.
And, you know, it's something that's never going to stop.
Yeah.
I think the way to solve it is just, you know, get some, you know,
get Luca Bronzi, just beat the crap out of him.
And you'll feel better about it, you know.
That was the end of that.
He just, he went to call him.
Maybe he had, yeah.
He went to call Luca Bronzi.
Let me worry about Luca.
5.670560, 560.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Okay, Yankee franchise is only worth $548 million.
But, Alex Rodriguez, we're $252.
So he's worth about half as much, no more than, yeah,
about half as much as the whole Yankee franchise.
Alex Rodriguez.
And keep in mind, he isn't even the best player in the game.
He's not, I mean, he's one of the best half dozen players in the game.
But he's certainly not even close to being the best player in the game.
So, be that as in me.
Here's Davey. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think I figured out what's wrong with the Panthers.
Yeah?
Not the defense.
It's not they won't play for the Murray.
It's that other teams get way too fired off the player.
Yeah, there you go.
Now you're catching on.
I think they even rest guys, the game before they come over here.
When they play another...
You know, the interesting part of all the excuses they're making is the fact that now,
the new one is, well, we're waiting for this big four game road trip and then we're going to start evaluating.
I mean, who the hell are they kidding?
They first of all, they haven't got a Chinaman chance in hell of winning any of the four games it doesn't look like.
And number two, how many games do you have to lose?
How long do you have to go? How many empty seats do you have to have before finally somebody pulls the trigger?
Well, we got the off-star game, pal.
There you go. I forgot. That's right. Good, good.
