The WQAM, I am the fourth Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers.
It's taught to Neil called 5667-0560 toll free for dating browners.
It's called 5667-0.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
please read that position or the Feezee Broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 5662-A-House.
Get first.
I love sports.
I eat sports, drink sports, sleep on sports.
And I listen to sports radio all the time,
but they give me the inside take on what's going on with the team and stuff.
And now we got the Super Bowl color up.
And I'm really getting hyped up with all this media stuff to do it.
And I like to follow along, because I could be what's happening.
And we're going to do like, uh, uh, go to like, to my friend's house,
who has a 60 inch screen.
And I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I'm going to do a little bit of sports.
I can see the hot plate, then I can sit in bed and drop cracker crumbs in my underwear.
And that's all my life pretty much consists of outside of sports.
It was a part time, I have no idea.
Oh God, my life's...
Pathetic.
Pathetic.
I have no clue.
Okay, 10 out to it, 5 out of 60 WDQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
Oh, yeah.
Good news tonight, boys and girls.
Of course, we told you this a long time ago.
And I'm still waiting for those of free trips.
I've got to call my friend Dick out there in Vegas.
His name is any article, by the way.
What's his name?
Shitzu, something like that?
Dick Ishmitsu.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, here in the business section in the heraldous morning,
here's a big picture of a beautiful 757.
Airline be born with national airlines on the side.
Second, when for national startup finds a solid niche.
Niche.
Niche.
National Airlines, a new carrier with an nostalgic name,
particularly for South Florida launches its first flights
for Las Vegas to Miami on Thursday, tomorrow.
Oh, yeah.
The airline will offer twice daily nonstop service
aboard Boeing 757s, with advanced purchase fairs beginning
at only $238 round trip.
And I think it's like, didn't they say only $5.99 in first class?
Something like that?
Uh-huh.
Miami would be the seventh destination for National,
which started flying May 27th last year,
and already curious passengers,
between its Vegas, up in Los Angeles, Chicago, New York,
San Francisco, Dallas, Fort Worth, and Philadelphia.
And starting tomorrow, not for a lot of day,
but the nonstop Miami twice a day.
Maybe somebody out there in the audience actually knows
what times those flights are going to be,
like two and a throw back and forth.
So I can take advantage of that free trip,
because to be honest with you, I didn't leave enough cash
in the Vegas.
I only trusted that last weekend.
Yeah, I could have left another couple of grand,
would have been okay.
Would have felt all right.
Didn't leave enough there.
So you want to think about Vegas, no matter how well
or poorly you do, when you get back,
if you've got any brains at all.
Well, I shouldn't say that, because we've got a lot of vanilla
ice cream people down here.
But if you've got any taste, and it's like a taste for life,
when you get back, you're right away thinking about you,
what am I going to go back again?
Because I didn't have enough time to see this place,
and that place, and the Venetian, and all these other things.
Or even come close to thinking about going downtown.
Did I have time to go downtown?
No.
Not at all.
No, Nancy, you're giving me a sour look,
but people are telling me downtown's pretty good now.
Is what they're saying, since they re-did the whole thing,
and they covered it over and lit it all up,
and even the golden nugget they said is a beautiful place now.
Okay, I'm looking forward to it.
So when George gets his free trip, even he might go downtown.
But this is good news for all our Vegas people out there,
with people who got a taste for life, like I said.
Also, I brought in my book again,
23 Fountain Fiber Diabland by Gabe Merkin MD, and Barry Fox PhD,
because I found a couple of real interesting things in here.
For a lot of you sick parts out there, not necessarily old-see.
A lot of the young guys who, you know, they take it for granted.
That because you're young, you're going to be real healthy, is that true?
No.
Because a lot of this ballcrap, this irritable, spastic gutcrap,
starts when you're liking your 20s.
But the thing I was trying to say yesterday about the difference between fat,
and I had this backwards, I was wrong.
It says, calories come in the form of fat protein carbohydrate,
alcohol, every single excess calorie we take in is used to make fatty tissue.
But it's easier for the body to turn the fat from food into body fat.
The body spends about 30 calories converting 100 calories to carbohydrate or protein to body fat.
But it takes only about five calories to convert 100 calories of dietary fat to body fat.
So all this time, I've been wrong.
A caloric fat makes you fat.
He says, fiber on the other hand, fiber.
Oh, it's a lovely thing.
Adds bulk to your stool,
speeding the transit time of undigested waste through your lower intestines.
This rapid passage helps prevent constipation.
Irritable bowel syndrome.
Out.
And other digestive problems.
And colon cancer is kind of like a little bonus.
Fiber lowers cholesterol by binding a bile acid to the building blocks the cholesterol and carrying them out of the body.
It says, many people, this goes back to the reason that low fat is failed in this country so badly.
And I've been screaming about this for years.
And I was absolutely correct.
Thank you.
Many people embarking on weight loss programs,
though they should cut back on their fat consumption.
And they do so.
Unfortunately, they tend to replace the fat on their plates with refined carbohydrates and sugar
or special low fat foods.
Like intamins and snack wells,
and all those other sugar-laden things that are loaded with trans fatty acids and all kinds of crap that make you even fatter than you were before.
Am I right about that?
Absolutely correct against her.
Very good.
Nice job.
So I'm loving this book.
I'm feeling great.
I'm losing some weight.
I'm actually under 200 on the real scale here, even with all my clothes on this morning, for the first time in a long time.
I mean a long time.
Remember that day I got on there and I was like 200 exactly months ago and I said I'll never be over 200 again.
I lied.
Not intentionally.
I mean, you know, the best of intentions go to hell in a hand basket, but I was full of crap.
And I think that was the last time I was ever even close to 200.
One 98 this morning on the real official scale.
Oh, pretty damn good, huh?
Oh, here he goes again for the eight minutes time.
Well, as long as you were live and kicking and after you have a good health scare, like I just had for a month,
that's usually a good time if you're smart.
If you got a brain to start losing weight and stopping fat and disgusting and grow test.
I wouldn't be surprised by like I would say June or July.
I looked just like Brad Pitt.
Wouldn't surprise me the least bit.
Maybe just like Nick from 98 degrees with a better nose by the way.
I have a better nose than.
Here's our first call of the day.
Let's see if this phone is working.
It's a little phone test.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
I knew how you doing.
Great.
Listen, first of all, I love your show.
Okay, second of all, Daron Town is okay in Vegas.
Yeah.
I went there for the first time over Christmas and I did very well.
A lot of Japanese and Asians running around.
I went downtown once, but I prefer to stay in the big places like the Mirage or the Laxia.
This thing that's going on with this Cuban kid.
What is that?
Well, you know, his grandmother's in meeting at a secret location or Miami Beach.
A lot of secret location.
Well, they didn't give the address.
It's true they do.
It's the home of this abroad from a very college.
Well, I don't want to remind anybody.
I'm a glotlin.
Right.
I live about three blocks away.
So what's the address?
I don't want to tell you.
But didn't you see they showed it on TV?
They got a big gated thing.
They're not going to let any Ozramp or Valkyzer go in here today.
No, but it's on a major street.
Yeah.
You know, it gets a lot to traffic and any hour.
Well, you know, something if it's on a major street that gets a lot of traffic.
If people are hanging out there too close to the street,
you might have a little problem.
Oh, yeah.
It's a traffic if people have bad breaks out there.
Yeah, two things.
So I'm driving last night and actually,
we're turning a movie.
I'm with my...
I'll be with you in a minute.
Okay.
Tell me about the minute, sir.
Just come back.
Give me one minute.
I was driving by and they have all the CNN trucks in the church.
You know, my wife's like, what's that?
It's the baby Jesus.
It's the baby Jesus.
Right.
She didn't know what I was talking about, but I certainly did.
Good for her.
Anyhow, thank God she was in a real world and I'm going to miss a little cook.
I'm going to be stuck in here in this guy for a second place.
I see it in this ordinary public.
You're absolutely right.
I see it in the house today.
I'm like, of course, of course.
So I'm driving the worker.
I've got to pass it again.
It's a 30-mile-hour road.
I'm doing 20 miles an hour and the cop flags me down and tells me I'm going too fast.
You know these guys with their power trips type of thing.
I said it's a 30-mile-hour road.
I'm doing 20 miles an hour.
You know you were just in the power 96.
Okay.
Listen.
Go take care of your customer.
Have a great day because you started getting a little upon risk.
Nine minutes past 10 at 560 WQM.
Aliens is going to meet with grandma number one and grandma number two.
And I have to laugh the way this family says, oh, wow.
Yeah.
We agreed to it.
I need to break the news to you.
They may do an offer you couldn't refuse.
Don't give me this bull crap.
You agreed to it.
And that Mara Lisa's or whatever her name is.
Oh, if I have to see one more of those crying jags on my TV one more time, I'm going to
barf on the floor.
I can't even my dogs were heaving all over the place.
They were like, oh, fucking from seeing that bitch putting on that routine and squirting the
tears.
Just go ahead and see if we have laws here.
Okay.
Just obey the laws.
The government, the courts, it's all the same thing.
They'll make the decision.
Not you and your bull crap and your propaganda and your dog and pony show that you were trying
to put on there for grandma number one and grandma number two and mommy hall.
So cut the crap.
I wonder if the Pope's going to be there today.
You think of that the very college of that very nice lady's home?
I think he's going to be there.
Hey, alien, watch out for the old man in the dress.
Ten minutes past ten at five sixty WQF.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
before we acquisition court.
I am a general owner.
I'm Rosanna-Janna Lakeland and I'm a theater to say they only are my Hispanic sounding
name.
I've been in office for life with all it's all to do.
The bullet's considered to inside.
Thunder too.
You're a former tiny little island.
That's maybe twenty feet wide.
No one else can buy your wine.
Outside the day's healthy life.
I'm a Cuban-esque and beware of the Canadian for me to be as bad as promoting community
panic.
For the media camera.
As the professional leader, I'm married on my sleeve like on your savior.
For your leaning with causes.
And you're aborted to be an idiot.
Ten fifteen at five sixty WQM.
I wonder if alien, gross latent and she'll be hopping around outside those gates today, won't she?
And look into you as ballart rhymes with, you'll be there.
But there'll be any outside.
Way any outside and there'll be that nice Catholic lady.
Genie McLaughlin sounds Irish to me, don't you sound?
Yeah.
From Peary College, very university, whatever it is.
And that'll grant my number one O'Bee and I'll be in here and grant my number two and little kid.
And y'all, he did.
And I just, I'm obsessed with, I'm fascinated with these comments from the attorneys and other
Jew attorney that Robert Bernstein got, whatever it is, name is.
Oh well, you know, the family agreed to this.
We didn't feel like there was any threat from the INS.
You better believe they did.
They made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
Either you'll have them meeting four o'clock in this place tomorrow or we're going to come and snatch that kid out of there faster than you can say to help him feed out.
Okay.
They made him an offer they couldn't refuse.
In fact, the rumor has it.
You know who's going to be there today?
I mean, this is strictly on the QT.
Don't let this out.
You know who's going to be there?
Don Coyote.
That's right.
And look at Brachi's going to be there.
I don't want to say he's going to be holding a gun to anybody's head and thinking that their signature or something will be on that plate or else their brains, something like that.
Of course, in the case of some of these people, are they going to find any brains?
No, they suffer from Greg Reed syndrome like I said.
Oh, no.
So here's the fact that this is national airline flight.
This is a good start.
I would like to find out what time the return flights from Vegas to Miami would be.
That would be part number two.
But the two flights daily 815 in the morning and 940 in the PM.
That sounds great to me.
You realize that you could leave is that daily?
Yeah, they're daily.
Let me see again in the articles.
That's a year we do one moment.
Please.
Yeah, twice daily.
So if you left 815 in the morning, assuming it took like four hours and 45 minutes to get there on a 757 on that would sounds about right to me.
What would that be?
At two o'clock?
Eight and five.
Huh?
One o'clock.
Right?
Yeah.
One o'clock.
So you get there at 10 o'clock at a morning, Vegas time.
It's just in time for the buffet.
They're open to eleven.
Yeah, you'd know.
Schmuck.
No, no, seriously, that would be great.
Or you could leave at 940 PM on a, if you have not that crazy about that, because then let's say you tend to get there a midnight on a Friday night.
But regardless, those aren't bad times, especially the one 815 in the morning.
You could leave on a Friday morning, take off a Friday.
I'm thinking to myself, of course, don't I always think about myself?
No, if I don't, nobody else will.
Not that I'm selfish or anything, but why not?
I live here on a Friday morning at 815.
I seem to be there 10 in the morning and have all day Friday, all day Saturday, and then come back like Sunday.
Whatever times the term sure will find out, whoever faxed me this will fax me the return times from Vegas to Miami.
I mean, just imagine all the money you can lose in two days.
Sounds great to me.
Vegas National Airlines.
I'm psyched already.
Because America worst.
I mean, if they offered me 40-feet flight, the answer is still absolutely no.
No, no, thank you.
And by the way, say hi to the BG's for me.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Morning.
I know yesterday was dedicated mostly to Elion.
This is dedicated to Elion.
Now, say it again, baby, because I got some insight from the information for you.
All right.
We'll be starting today recording a song for Elion.
Oh, I love it.
And the Elion on movement.
The movement?
The movement?
I mean, well, you had one.
Well, I'm sure you must have.
He's been here for a while.
He's got a little amount.
Sure.
For sure, it has movements.
So, first of all, soon we'll be coming out of song dedicated for Elion in favor of him and whatever.
I don't know what the lyrics are going to be on the anything.
Number two, I thought great movie might love it.
It's called The Bible and Gun Club.
Play.
Good.
All about you.
Have a great show.
No more Elion.
Later.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Just say, uh, just say, no.
I will talk about whatever we want to talk about today.
I will see.
We'll see the way it goes so far.
So far, so good.
Me, myself, I'd rather talk about that big game tonight.
Anybody interested in that?
No.
Five thousand on soul seats.
Oh, we're not going to go.
You won't force us.
Nobody cares.
You know, that's very sad.
See, I'm like I said, I'm going to talk about whatever I care about.
And the fact that here's New Jersey, the number one team in the league and your red hot, smoldering
Panthers.
See, these guys are playing their brains up for you and you don't deserve them.
That's the thing that bothers me.
This town doesn't deserve them.
They're kicking serious ass.
And I hear the last five minutes of that worst team this morning.
And what are they talking about?
Oh, who's going to be the defensive coordinator of the Dolphin?
This Dolphin Day.
These people sleep.
They sleep in Dolphin the North.
I don't know what kind of how Dolphins excrete.
Have you ever seen Dolphin excrete?
I hear marinos have some bad VMs in his time.
But this is, these people sleep in Dolphin the North.
That's all they know.
That's their whole life.
It's the vanilla ice cream crowd.
Something that's bland and boring and weak and terminal and really bad.
And you try to turn them onto something good and they're they're obstinate.
They're absolutely, well, not the respond.
Five thousand on soul tickets for night's game is a community disgrace.
Community disgrace.
And I don't want to hear any excuses, any whining.
It's too expensive.
It's too expensive to this amazing.
How last year they could find the money for it?
And if you're only picking and choosing appropriate times when you want to budget your money when to come tonight's the night they need your support against the hottest team of God damn league.
This is a tonight and then then fill it off you tomorrow.
A tremendous pair of these.
A big pair.
And these people give a flying crap about it being a big pair of what the hell is going on here.
They don't even know who the hell that is.
I'm really surprised I haven't had a thing on a return on the flights from Vegas.
Whoever affects me the first one must be a little bit slow today, huh?
I'd like to find out the return time flights because I think I would like to come back.
I don't really plan on staying there forever.
Few years ago I entertained that notion of a living there and buying a place out there because they have some very inexpensive beautiful places out you know outside the city.
And then I thought about it for five minutes and I said no.
No, I don't think so.
Not a place to live.
I mean you know I did meet that couple.
I know it's many people from here have moved out there and they enjoy it not for me.
After some old flag like me I just I can't see that.
I mean I would lose my ass.
I'd be broken six months.
I'd have to come back to work which is a prospect worse than death.
Here's a mobile and sunrise hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Long time no talk.
I'm a listener from many many many years ago.
Once I get to listen to you and I'm listening and I love it.
I got to say one thing about Ilya and I'd like to see Janet really come shaking in the town with a couple of federally marshals.
I'd like him to stuff the kid into one of those big circus guns.
And I'd like to watch Janet light the fuse and blow him right back to Cuba.
I think it would be like a real big.
I don't think that's going to happen.
Well listen we're not going there today.
But on another subject you were talking about the diet, the fiber, the fat and all that.
Yeah.
It has a wonderful experience and you're not going to have to dump this call do not hit the button.
But when you eat a lot of fiber, it's so yeah, it's drink a lot of water.
Yeah.
It makes you.
Yes.
Good.
Uh huh.
Like the dog.
My knowledge you got from a big.
All right.
All right.
So it's not funny.
Bad triathie.
Ilya.
Okay.
Call me again another 15 years sir.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That was pretty weak.
I mean that was really very very weak.
And thanks for not calling all these years.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Good morning.
Oh, I am great.
I have a question statement in a question.
I have a question.
Okay.
Statement first.
I hope to God that they don't have a meeting.
Make some type of a ruling where they say we'll pick them up again in a week to give them another week to write.
Oh boy.
No, when they make their decision and look they still got to have the hearing.
What is this damn judge Hoover waiting for?
What's that?
Why isn't he doing the thing already and making his decision and then like.
I said yesterday do it one way or the other just do it and let's get on with life.
This town can't handle any more of this crap.
Exactly.
Now a question for you now.
I went to your website last night.
Right.
Trying to get to noises.
Every time I go there a little little sign comes up it says,
error.
Search engine too slow.
So I call an American online and they said that's something with your webpage.
Does anybody else have that same problem or have you seen that problem?
I never heard that before.
Yeah, I've been doing it for two days now and every time I go to noises this little error yellow thing comes up.
Yeah.
And no noises.
Probably damn.
But I'm trying to give you as many as I can here.
All right.
Well, if anybody else has that problem or you can solve it for me please let me know.
Okay, I'm sure that my crack friend the Eric up there who does a great job on our website will have us an answer momentarily.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks.
God bless you.
I'll pray for you.
Yeah, we're sticking tired of this.
By the way, I want to correct something I've been saying for a long time.
About the biggest closet in the world being the Catholic Church.
That is worldwide.
But locally, this certainly the Cuban community.
The closet, Neelie's out there.
I mean, I have a lot of people who listen to what never call the show.
They have no balls or else they just have a too smart to call the show.
But I mean, that exercise I went through yesterday that proves to me beyond a shadow of a doubt.
I know you're out there.
But the only thing that they can call when they do when they say the show call the show it might a call and that's basically it.
Because they don't want to be recognized.
They don't want to dignify me or be embarrassed themselves because obviously they're listening to this might a call.
And of course they should be able to relate to it because they're Cuban.
But they, you know.
They're in the closet and George has told me that when he's on filling in on the show and see I know this comes to the shock.
But we don't, we have phony psychics, you know, but we don't have any real psychics in the Cuban community.
And so they don't have some psychic message that when George is filling in doing the show, all of a sudden they tune the five sixty.
They're listening every day.
They're Neelie's.
They listen to the show morning, noon and night, even when I'm not on.
They're waiting for this voice.
They love it.
They're squeezing it.
But will they talk to me?
No.
No, they'll talk to George.
Because first of all, I perceive him as one of theirs, even though he ain't too fond of a lot of you anyway.
And number two, because he's got a wife.
Yeah, that's right.
And a nice little kid.
So now that makes it more safe.
In addition to which so many of them are pussy's anyway.
So when yesterday I had to see you were in big and plead.
I mean, how is that possible?
Just like they begged and pleaded.
Oh, they're going to come out and support the baseball team, aren't they?
No.
They're going to come out and support the panthers.
No.
No, no, no.
The heat?
No.
No.
They're going to the Miami Amigos, remember them?
No.
No, they didn't come out.
We don't know what you're doing besides the cop fights.
And we're in all that heavy jewelry.
What is it that you're doing all the time while you were Cubans out there?
It's here as I'm not calling me.
And I'm not going to beg anymore, okay?
In fact, most of the Cubans I've met that I was interested in.
I have to beg.
There's pretty much the other way around.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Nail.
Yes, I am.
Yes, we're flying out.
We jump right on that fly.
Oh, sorry.
That advertisement.
We're leaving on the 20th, 8.15 AM.
We expect to be there at lunchtime in Vegas.
Yeah.
Ready to go.
Oh, you'll be there at 10 in the morning, Vegas time.
Yeah.
The airport.
Well, by the time we get all settled in, I guess.
Yeah, I like it at the clock.
Right.
Just in time for the buffet.
Just in time to stand on line of couplars for the buffet.
Don't do that.
Yeah, yeah.
We're looking forward to that.
And we're going to be driving up to Otaho.
To go do some skiing after that.
Great.
But I believe the flight that returns, now we're staying out there seven days.
But the flight, we got a flight coming back at like 1.15 PM, Vegas time.
So we'll be back at 8 o'clock at night.
Right.
Back in Miami, right?
No.
No, what's the, you're about 9 o'clock at night.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So this is our first trip.
So we're looking forward to it.
We've got like nine people going with us.
Great.
Excellent.
Have a great time, pal.
Thank you.
Okay.
Good night.
Morgan's the house.
Plunge your guts.
And by the way, there's this great place to eat out there.
26 after 10 at 560 WQA.
Kim Volkhappard taught sports weekends right here on sports radio 560 QAM.
Okay, 1030 at 560 WQM.
Here's a bulletin on the screen here.
It says, who's Todd Tongan and Davie?
Hello.
Hello, NEO.
Oh, it is Todd Tongan and Davie.
How are you?
Great.
I just, you were talking about closet Nileys and I just had to let you know that.
In the media, there are an awful lot of closet Nileys, including myself.
There are a lot of people out there that listen to you.
And it's really enjoyable.
I'm really an old friend.
There's got a lot of closet to people.
That's what I'm hearing.
Well, it's not funny or when you start ripping them.
And including myself, it's pretty funny.
And we just want you to know it's pretty funny.
We really enjoy it.
And to say hi to my good friend Don.
No, while you're at it.
Actually, when I did a story on Rick and Sud's years ago,
and I told it was when Ann Bishop was still alive,
she wouldn't talk to me for a week because I'd done a story over at your stage.
Now, did you really have a sign up there in the newsroom that says,
if you listen to the O'Rouges,
we'll blow your brains out or something like that?
I think she had one over her death pack.
I'm not permitted to listen to that faggot.
Well, a funny thing wasn't she.
I'm talking about the pop thing.
She had a very good sense of humor, but I don't think when it came to you, she didn't.
Really?
No.
Bitch.
Well, I won't make any difference anymore, I guess.
Everyone else over there really enjoys your show, though.
Well, God bless you, Todd.
All right, Neil.
We'll keep listening.
And give Dwight Lutterdale a big kiss on where that must be.
Okay.
See ya.
How do you like that, huh?
A lot of closet people, like I said, you're all out there.
You're not fooling me.
You're not fooling this fat old bag.
But I'm going to tell you something.
I'm declaring a war on fat.
Because you want to know why?
Because you have to sit down.
You have to ask yourself this question.
Is the food, is the reward of the food?
I do realize that most of us who are fat, we eat food as a reward.
Not because we're physically hungry.
We like it.
We love food.
It's a rewarded taste good.
I'm not going to lie about that.
But is that reward better than feeling good?
And the answer is, no.
I feel so much better today.
And I have been weak in weak.
I've been functioning here.
I mean, forget about the, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh,
the phone and all the other stuff going on here.
I mean, the stress factor here is a constant.
But at least I can survive.
I can, I can breathe.
I don't feel like I'm choking on my own goddamn fat today.
And not that I've added the fiber.
Oh, man, it's a, it's a, oh, I'm telling you.
When it doubts, slide it right out, baby.
And it doesn't leave us just, I don't want to get too gross.
Because it's almost lunchtime.
But just stop and think of all the stuff that you eat.
You know, the digest in process, sitting in there,
fermenting and rotting inside your kishkish.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Oh, man.
Woo.
It's rotting over there.
You can, and why do you think when you got like a bad, you know,
now when you eat a lot of fiber in your cold, it smells delicious,
like a lilac.
So this like the Randy's been parked in Rochester in the middle of the summer.
I'm serious.
Yeah, people in the elevator.
Oh my god, I thought it was, I mean, we must be in Rochester.
It's Randy's been parked.
It smells like lilacs over here.
Yeah, that's right.
Because it's foul.
The reason that your, yes, smells so bad is because of all that
putrid festering swill inside your body.
And who wants a bunch of putrid festering swill rotting inside your body?
Because if the stuff is rotting in there, it's destroying your organs.
That's what Worldlitzer said.
It's destroying my organ.
And there's the last thing I need is having anybody mess it with my organ
as whatever it might be, which ain't much.
So I'm just, I know I've done this before 50 million times,
but that city of you never give up.
You just keep fighting the good fight.
As opposed to throwing in the towel, like my good close friend,
and the algoled thing who's waddling around probably 600 pounds easy on an naked,
how's that rich doing lately?
You lost some weight.
And let's see, let's, let's, let's Monday night worth of track and friend.
I think he had a stake and double vegetables.
No dessert, no potato, no, he did okay.
I think he was putting on a show for me.
Hey, listen, he has no choice.
This is his last hurrah, man.
Here's a guy that had a minor stroke and then ballooned up.
I mean, instead of going in the right direction, he went in the wrong direction.
Then they had a blow open his arteries just to keep him breathing.
And we'd like to have him around for a little while.
The horses need to eat, you know, we'd like to keep him around a while.
Gotta lose that weight, gotta stop with the goddamn food as a reward.
It's not a reward.
And now that I'm eating the stuff, and I realize even the beans that I told yesterday,
then you give me a look, the beans in the other canned beans and onions.
It was, it was pretty good.
That's not something I would eat every day.
Okay.
But it's something for, it's okay in this book.
And once in a while, something eats an apple.
I love a great apple.
To me, there's a few things that I like better than a goddamn apple.
A real good delicious apple.
A good one, the crunch one.
Right. Not the grainy one.
No, not grainy.
A red delicious apple.
Yeah.
Which you put, of course, in the refrigerator and get nice and cool.
And then just crunchy as hell.
And like it points out in this book, if you die better, you eat it with something else.
Like with some protein.
And your blood sugar doesn't go flying up there.
This is a great book.
It really is.
And with all the respect, like I said,
Actions works for a lot of people.
If you do an Actions and you do a great God bless you.
More power to you.
It doesn't work for me.
It's not my cup of tea.
It just ain't gonna hang it.
Because every time I eat the meat and cheese, it makes me ravenous for a sugar.
Don't ask me why.
I could sit in here and do my meat and cheese and say,
Hey, look, I'm doing my great Actions.
And I'll leave here and I'll run.
I'll run to like get Ben and Jerry's.
You name it because it stimulates my desire for something sweet.
And when I leave here every day, and they've got locks in the door in there,
so I can't, you know,
use him as an excuse to satisfy my desire for something sweet.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in 4-later day.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I'll tell you, thank you for yesterday because you were a therapy session after Monday night.
Yeah.
33 year old white guy here.
You know, Neil, it's Monday.
You have a long day.
The little lady comes home.
We just want to sit down, have dinner.
There's about two sitcoms we watch.
Right.
We're sitting there Monday night watching King of Queens, all the stress.
We're just sitting there watching TV.
They go to the 15 minute commercial.
Channel 4, here they go.
I'm watching a Learjet on a runway.
I'm running around.
If I could have found the brick, I would have broke every TV, drove to Channel 4, and nuke the place.
I mean, they don't understand.
We don't care.
Yeah.
And that's when this guy yesterday calls, and he goes on driving around, he's like,
we're doing something such a big deal about it.
And Neil, there's only one road they're blocking.
And so, you know, you're exaggerating.
You know what?
The point is it's just disrupting.
It's just disturbing our lives for something we don't care about.
Yeah, that's right.
And you know, Todd just called, I hope when they're sitting in their meetings,
and all of them are, you know, they're all talking about this and talking about that
when they're in their meetings all day, with John Garwoods of the world and all that crap,
let them know that we don't care if they're all out there,
and let us get on with our lives.
I mean, it's a joke.
Yeah, and I just might add, because I saw seven again, because they're the only ones that do local news at certain times.
And I saw him again, it was either last night or this.
I must have been last night, because Sanchez is not in the morning.
And I know he listens to the show.
He's another out of the closet listener with, you know,
jogs with his Sony Walkman.
Rick, you're making a fool out of yourself.
You really are.
I mean, whether people like him or don't like him, he's making a total jackass out of himself.
He's so involved in this thing, and so emotionally wrapped up.
He got to like take a good vacation now, and let somebody else cover the story.
So, once again, I'm glad you're feeling better, Neil, and thank you for yesterday.
And what ever happened to the Jack Berk, the Jacksburgers?
Can you not play that anymore?
We give it a good rest.
Okay, because I haven't, I've been, I've been listening to you forever, and I just never have even heard of it.
We gave it, it's, it's in the mouth balls. Have a great day.
Okay, Neil.
Yeah. And by the way, is Jack Berk, or a lot of this diet?
Uh-huh.
Okay. Maybe we'll bring it out.
So here's the national airline schedule. Let's see, departure time.
Vegas 2 May, any 1250 PM arrives in at 830 to PM.
And then they have, yeah, will be the equivalent of a red eye overnight 1050 PM.
It leaves Vegas, gets here at 630 in the morning.
But that's not bad. 1250 PM gets here at 830.
Ah, and that's not bad at all.
And my me 2 Vegas leaves at 815 in the morning.
And just like I said, it gets there 1025 in the morning.
And then one that leaves at 940 at night and gets there the biggest time 1150 in the PM.
Why?
Wait a minute, leaves at 940 at night.
Oh, that would be right. Yeah.
It gets there just before midnight.
So there you go.
Put the big smile on my voice.
I'm just a little bit nervous.
National Airlines, big 757.
Not those little, uh, total jumpers that some of the airlines are flying.
And the price is right, man.
What is it?
238 round trip in the coach for your sluppers out there.
And I think only 599 of first class.
Or even the cheaper than that, like free for some of the big shots.
Now, this is great.
Nice going there, dick.
Whatever your name is is, is oozu.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Let's all get together and go to Vegas.
What do you say?
That's what Hank was saying there.
Let's put a package together.
Let's do another one of those things like you used it.
And I said, no.
Okay.
I don't think so.
Wow.
The Panthers host the Red Hot New Jersey Central World Battle of Division leaders.
Tonight, join the new voice of the Panthers.
Check out on the floor!
And, Brandingola for the action.
Panthers breathe.
Start to set.
Here on Sports Radio 560 QA.
Ooh, Frosty Nads.
Start up a little, get it.
Start up.
And help again.
Down to like thermal gas.
Yeah, forget it.
A bit of a mic.
And now it's got a thing in it.
The piece of us going to be dead.
What things about it?
So it's a cool again.
And now it's got a crunch back.
Another video.
It's made me on MCB.
Yes, yeah.
What is it?
That I start to see on you.
I'm not a fan of something.
Why am I not a fan of anything?
Why am I not a fan of anything?
What makes it funny?
I'm a big fan of something.
It is so silly on me.
To think like we do.
A voice is a fake and we get out of head.
Your ears are moving.
And I'll show you here up in and up in.
Can't be tough.
Yeah.
The test of an answer.
I can't say tough things.
Please, they so are too.
But no one can say.
Yeah, people too are.
But only don't get here.
People come to welcome them.
And we are making their ears out of wheat.
Can't be tough.
Yeah.
1045 and 560 WQA of 560,
5705 60,
560 on a AT&T line at meetings for this afternoon at the,
what's your name?
South Jeannie.
And Jeannie's house.
Thank God it's not happening during this show.
You know what I'm saying?
It didn't happen during this show.
4 o'clock this afternoon, which means just in time for the evening newscast
at 566, 37 o'clock at 11 o'clock and so on.
Oh, yeah.
They'll be out there stroking themselves on each other right out in front of the
goddamn gates of the Prairie Gates.
Boy, just please, please get it over with.
You've just worn us down.
We have no resistance left.
We don't really care at this point.
Most of us just get it over and let's go on with life,
assuming that anybody down here has found one.
By the way, I see we got 5500 open lines at a board all of a sudden.
We had a real quick start there this morning like I was a little bit optimistic.
But I have a ace in the hole here today.
You want to know why because if the phones aren't going to ring,
I'm going to just read all the food.
All the things you can eat in candy.
There's about 100 pages of it in here.
Portions, calories, total fat, dietary fiber,
and whether it's got a smiley face, a finger thumbs up,
as soon as it's for cut back on it or a la bomba,
black bomb, which is don't even think about eating it.
From my great fiber and fat book.
It is a good book.
5600560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Old Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Neil, I love your show.
Yes, sir.
Right here.
You're losing weight and you're feeling good, man.
Feeling great.
Want to tell you if you're sitting here burning one.
I wonder if you could play a few joints in the morning.
No.
5600560.560 on the AT&T line.
Out of townline, 877785.
Neil, 877785.
6345.
You got it, sir?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Good.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Good.
Very good.
Great.
Well, let me just say one thing right now.
All the Cuban people have said their RCR because now TV has just thinking about making a May for TV movie.
Yeah, there's a big thing in a paper this morning.
They're not thinking about it.
They're going to do it.
They're going to do it.
Mm-hmm.
We'll just think about it.
All the money you see makes...
So CBS they already signed the deal for television mini and not just a special show, but a mini series on the Alien drama.
We'll just think about all the money you could take it back to Papa C. Tang, Papa Grandma C. Tang, Cuba.
Right.
They could open up their own casino to hell with the Myrlansky.
We don't need him.
By the way, I've been looking on your Wednesdays about Firlotion and the Bastion.
I mean, you don't have it on there.
Do you?
We don't?
Not that I've looked for the search and I can't find it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, man.
Probably put the body augmentation.
Oh, no, that's right.
It's under body augmentation.
I think they fit, right?
Well, can I request you to play for me and please today?
I'll work on it.
All right.
Thank you, Johnny.
Have a great day, sir.
You too.
I'll read the energy.
Yeah, we're sick and tired of this crap.
Okay, we're tired of it.
We don't want no moss.
No moss.
No moss.
Go away.
Go away.
Jose.
Don't take it personally, Alien, but we'll pack you salami sandwich and take a little dog with you.
Just quit holding him like that.
Please.
56670560.
£560 on the 18T line.
Whipped up about those panthers tonight.
Come on.
Let's go.
No.
Come on.
5,000 empty seats for the biggest game of the season.
These guys are playing their brains out for you people and you still refuse.
And I don't want to hear one of these assholes out there.
One of these dolphin football looking jackasses.
It's the end of January already.
The only football game left is the stupid bowl this week.
And after that, you got months.
It's going to be over audio.
There's nothing to analyze to discuss to turn inside out upside down.
There's nothing to talk about there.
We got the most chidilating crap in the world going on right here.
And these people, guys, they caught on.
No.
I'm embarrassed for most of you.
I am.
I'm embarrassed for myself.
Christal mighty.
I'm going to get it back on my nose.
Behind the map, Joseph Lee is there for your chemistry.
Reverse is the plan.
He brings it up now.
For all that's getting some stating moves out of that quam.
For all that's into the zone.
Nice, for all this.
We're talking excitement, baby.
We're talking citillating.
We're talking about emotional.
We're talking about something.
Get you off your ass.
And these people just don't care.
They refuse.
These are the vanilla ice cream people.
The people would taste in their.
Quick, I'm to.
And it's true.
More people in the world eat vanilla ice cream than fish food.
or New York Superfudge chunk or Rocky Road.
See, I can talk about those things.
You're sitting there looking at your chops.
I don't care because I'm not going to kill myself for a momentary, you know what I'm saying?
I'm not going to do it.
I mean, that mindset right now requires being in that mindset.
It requires having a real good scare thing.
And you got about a 20 pound tumor in your gut and then finding out it's only like a bad
bowel movement or something.
And you say, oh my God, I got one more reprieve here.
And I think this is about the last one because I've been abusing my body for like 40 years
now.
And that's enough.
That's enough eating lots of crap and being walking and waddling around like a big fat
slob.
We're in those guava beers that I used to wear.
And of course, when you're real big and fat like that, like I used to be, you always have
to wear something like that because you can't tuck in your shirt because your pants keep
falling down.
Not because you're losing weight, but because you're a big pupick, keep pushing them down
to your knees, which of course comes in handy at certain times.
That's what Al says.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Congratulations on your diet.
Thank you.
I mean, that's nothing that exciting yet, but I'm at least moving in the right direction.
You go in there.
Well, I didn't hear the beginning of the show.
Do you do any kind of exercise?
Yes.
What do you do?
treadmill and exercise bike.
I'm on every day this week.
I was going to recommend you something that, again, I'm not in this business.
I'm just a guy who does it and I pay other people to go, but I go to this really tremendous
exercise yoga class for about six years now.
No.
That is incredibly.
You just thought you were saying?
Huh?
It's not your thing?
No, it's not my thing to go to a class.
I'm not interested in showing my ugly body to other people, you know.
Listen, there are people there who look grotesque.
I don't want to throw it.
I want to keep grotesque.
I'll look in the mirror.
I don't have to go see other grotesque people.
Okay.
Just recommending it.
Okay, thanks.
Have a great day.
Thank you, sir, but the answer is still.
No.
56670560, 0560, and of course, you know, joining a gym, we know most people go to a gym
for.
Yeah.
Mostly fags.
Let's take showers together.
We know all about that.
I have, please don't call it protest like you're wrestling people.
Oh, yeah, I'm in wrestling in college.
And I'm not afraid.
Yeah, we believe you.
Do we believe them?
No.
No.
But we understand, you know, you're in denial and it's not very popular.
It is American.
We still have a lot of homophobia and a lot of neurosis out there.
And most people are still in the closet.
See, that's one thing.
We go back to that thing about the closet.
Cuban listeners out there.
They, I mean, as much as they enjoyed and they love it.
And the show too.
They, they can't relate to the idea of some not a cool and being out of the closet.
In other words, it's not something you talk about.
You do it and you enjoy it.
But you certainly don't talk about it.
No way Jose.
And that's just to terrify the living that is smitten out of the smitten out of them.
Smith.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Listen, I'm thinking of a hope today with that little meeting that they're having with
Elian and the other people.
They're only here at the four o'clock, yes.
Right.
Now, we'll eat those and meto Elisa's and all of them.
I just really hope today's the last day with this news coverage and that they finally
get it over with and they finally get somewhere that if you stay, if you stay, if you go, well,
you know, we'll pack up a sandwich, have a nice light and, you know, it's fun to get
the show with because I'm tired of just sitting going home afterwards trying to watch
some TV and it's just on and they're just sitting in and just standing there and there's
nothing really going on.
Sounds about how much like Woody to meet in it.
Yeah.
Five cents what it sounded like.
And even if it wasn't, it still you sound too much like a man you're in Hollywood.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
He's making like 600 calls to the station every goddamn day and I'm getting real.
I have your news of Skyro.
Part of it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Like I said on the sports shows, do they pay any attention?
No.
They put anybody on here.
They'll put anybody on there.
They ask their same stupid question.
Now, while a defensive line and a defensive coach, you know, get a life you people are,
you're terrifying.
I'm much more terrified of those people that I met.
Those old toothless assholes down there on a little Havana.
These lifeless people are going to snap someday.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, don't make a great listen.
I was dying the other day watching Michael putt you on Channel 10.
He stood out there.
I hear their mic.
Oh, I'm telling you.
He stood out there for like 10 hours.
He was seen in his pants looking for somebody interview.
Finally, he found the fisherman and he said this was divine intervention.
Yeah.
I said, what are you talking about?
I said, divine intervention.
The dolphins were all around him.
Why don't they?
And the fisherman says, well, not really.
Those are the dolphins that, you know, we were fishing for.
They're not the same dolphins.
They're not the corpses.
All the stories, divine intervention and stuff.
He used it dying for a story.
He was.
Artists calls alien a gift from God announcing Cuba's liberty.
Oh, he tried all.
He really tried that.
He had a Cuban Moses, divinely inspired child profit.
And he will squeeze the very last drop of mojo from Cuban President of the Delcasso's magic
bottle of endurance.
He's squeezing his mojo and his mojo.
I eat tried so hard to get this fisherman.
The dolphins were swimming around him.
The guy.
No, the fisherman didn't show up in Jacksonville.
I'll tell you that.
Maybe that's where they were.
I'm telling you, now I know what a legit looks like because they should be pictures of
a legit all night long.
I was landing.
Yeah, it was the one that looks just like it.
And, you know, I'll say it again.
Thomas Regolato, man, the way Michael Putney let him off the hook, let him answer that
question with a ridiculous answer and then just let him slide.
Even Larry King would have been embarrassed by that.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Not eating during the show anymore. We're not running God damn Nelly's restaurant here. The radio show.
All these, all this, all this stuff, my God, just, just imagine, just can you imagine,
and you want to weigh, and you wonder why they make you clean out real good,
but they start putting that camera and looking up in there.
I don't care how strong the stomach they got, or how much they're into it.
Here's a mobile in Hylia, hello.
Hello, Nelly.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to the other Spanish radio station yesterday, and they were like wiring up the people
to go out there and to protest in front of the house of that, that witch, sister, whatever.
And, uh, and so it was, it's kind of weird because the Spanish radio station here,
they get the people worked up. You think the media, the English media does bad,
but the Spanish station might even worse.
No, the Spanish language stations are totally responsible, and the FCC does not understand
what they're talking about, so they just let them do whatever they want,
and they start riots and cause all kinds of civil disobedience,
and nobody does anything about them, and they, some of those people belong in jail.
Can't they do anything about them, I have?
No, say, I'll play a Spanish roll, I'll keep.
I have been closing Hylia and Janet, Janet and Hylia and Hylia.
Okay, there you go.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hylia and Rick, that's what it is, Ricky Tiki and Ailey on.
I hear they're all open.
I sure hope Ricky Tiki, if they take him somewhere, don't drive him there.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line is 877-785-6345.
877-785-6345, I'm psyched about that national, Las Vegas National Airlines.
Oh, believe me, if you've got a few bucks that you don't care about,
get on a plane and go there and see what a real place is all about.
A place where it's legal actually have a good time.
You might get lucky in more ways than one, got only those, but what a great place.
Oh, we sure don't want to have that here.
24 years have been here in the same old lame crap, same old BS.
Don't want to have that here.
Too many people might actually have a good time.
We hate that.
Only one South Florida radio station has.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You're up listening to it.
Hey, Goldberg, weekday afternoon to two.
Sports Radio 560-Q-A-M.
Sports Radio 560-Q-A-M.
That's what you do, baby.
I am a foot barbell.
Yeah.
You're called a beer can.
One, two, three.
It's my bottle of my fantasy.
We're in a drug.
My friend is getting by.
Well, why can't say a thing?
She's out of town.
Yeah, yeah.
You're called the stripper.
One by one.
That means that half time is here will be fun.
I just say to Keith Paul.
He fell on the ground.
He and I go with no.
And drippin' out loud.
It's all fun.
A magical fantasy.
It's all fun.
A lot of love for poetry.
We're close to God and cutting parts.
While we cut some scratch off private parts.
There's 100 bucks for my best friend and my fingers.
That's all that cover in this red.
It's all fun.
A magical fantasy.
It's all fun.
A magical dream.
All right.
Love it 0-2 at 5.60 WQM Hank from Atlanta at 2 this afternoon.
Geldey on Game Night 6 o'clock from the...
What is that place where he does the show?
Hard Rock Cafe.
And then we got 7 o'clock the pregame show.
Devils in the passage.
Not gonna be there.
No.
I'll be there.
You see the thing with these crazy people down there with a bad teeth.
The reason that they didn't want to have that meeting anywhere else and that they I and I had a force in to do it is because they are terrified.
They're scared, Schmidtless, to let this kid out of their grasp and they out of their sight for even one moment.
Because they want to have the opportunity to keep brainwashed.
You're gonna keep telling their lives like that.
Merril Aces, whatever her name is.
I don't believe one word that she says.
That bitch.
I don't believe anything she says.
She keeps saying the kids are this and kids are...
And every time she says it, I say...
No!
No, he did not.
She has no credibility.
So now the other side's gonna have a chance to do their brainwashing and that's what these people are terrified of.
Because they've been doing a magnificent job of it for weeks and weeks now for brainwashing.
Oh, you want to stay here?
Don't you?
The little little little little...
Okay, that means yes.
See?
See this?
Oh, he said see.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
Get it over with, please.
Get it over with.
Here's a mobile and coconut crere.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Long time listener.
First time caller.
All right.
Just wanted to let you know I was not a big hockey fan but I decided that I'm gonna go out and sport the Panthers.
You're saying this?
5,000 tickets available.
Is that embarrassing?
Is that embarrassing?
That's it?
I'm demiligated by that.
Well, I call local ticket tron.
They want 75 to $225 for a ticket.
So I said that's a little bit...
Let me call the arena.
So I call the National Coeuranthal Center.
Finally, after about 30 minutes of someone picking up the phone over there, I finally get someone and it's recording.
And they will call me back.
Just leave your name and phone number.
As you're asking, they'll try to reach me as soon as possible.
Is it true, sir?
I'm out and about on the road.
Do they want people to go to these games?
Do they want to sell these last 5,000 tickets, sir?
Well, there's no way in the world that there can be 5,000 tickets available.
Price from 5,000, whatever you just said, 75 to 200 bucks.
There's no way.
Because the lower bowl is mostly sold out anyway, not entirely, but mostly.
And those tickets are 67 bucks a piece.
All right.
So what the terms...
The most is, do they have anyone that's gonna pick up a phone and someone could speak to a person?
I don't know.
If that's the way they do in business, then they deserve to have a lot of on-soul tickets.
That's ridiculous.
I mean, I'm trying to go out...
I'm sitting here doing the best I can to try to embarrass people into going and supporting this team,
which is playing like unbelievable and if you do go, you really enjoy it.
But what am I supposed to do?
Yes.
Well, just someone who's not a real avid hockey fan who want to go out and support the team,
and here you get excited to find out that they're gonna speak through an answer.
Yeah.
Okay. Well, we'll dig in with.
Work on that.
Thank you.
Okay.
We're counting on things.
566-705-60.
Come on.
Let's go over there, guys.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
I keep getting reports like that all the time about people getting to run around who want to go.
And it's just...
Eeeh!
Like that.
They should be on their hands and knees out there saying, please, would you buy these tickets?
We'd like to fill the place up just for watching, make it look good,
and make these guys feel better about what they're doing, which is great.
I don't get it.
But of course, it's the soft floor to F and Y.
566-705-60.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in-for-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the local section here today?
I see every section, sir.
Wasn't that an eye-and-fly opener?
Did you see that headline?
Local police were prepared to stop INS from grabbing aliens.
I didn't see that.
It's on the bottom of the local section.
An anonymous source with the Miami-Dade police say that at the meeting at the Miami Airport,
they spotted extradition agents from the INS.
Yeah.
And that they were prepared to disable the plane at the INS trying to prevent them.
Right, right here.
Police ready to disable airplane in case of kidnapping attempt.
They were going to obstruct federal officers, the local police, the doctor from taking L.E.A.
Right.
And these are the people who were supposed to trust.
Uh-huh.
Jim, surprise that they had time away from that whoring that they were running down their encandledo, getting volumous.
So you can see how impartial our Hispanic officers are in this regard?
Yes, sir. Absolutely correct.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
You're welcome.
One page I missed.
Thank God I would have probably obstructed my breakfast. I don't even eat one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
You see, I hate to break the news to all new states' rights assholes out there and states courts people,
but at the phony below any of the bitch judged there.
But the federal government controls these immigration things. They're the ones to make the policy.
They're the ones that they carry it out.
And in me time, the House and the Senate, they can do all the machinations that they want, but cut the crap.
Just like a Barbara, Barbara Boxer said yesterday, this kid is a political football.
I haven't seen that for weeks.
They're yanking on the one side, yanking on the other side.
Just let the government decide what's right. Go ahead and do it.
Now let's go on with life and stop this crap. Stop the crap.
That's our message. Okay. Cut it. Cut the crap now. Cut it out.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Great. First time a long time, sir.
All right. I want to talk about that, panthers.
I was like most of your listeners out there. These sports jocks.
It was such a football fan and all that related paid attention.
Yeah.
And I got honor three weeks ago by winning a Senate ticket from you to Toronto game.
And I've been missed a home gate bet.
Well, that would be a great game, yeah.
I was going to rub it into the next day about the whip and your got butter.
And they came back and it's heard.
You don't want to get into a shootout with the least boy.
They can stick it in there and they got puck two.
Yeah, but by point is I want to tell you listeners that they don't realize that you know
a Panther game for the same price to cost you to park the basketball game.
Right. And it's like $30 cheaper than a dolphin ticket.
So I'm going to have 500 Panther packets on sale right now, which went on sale at 10 this morning,
which I'm sure are not going to be sold out. They better be sold out by noon,
or I'm going to be pissed off.
I know.
It's crazy, man.
It's the hottest team playing.
I mean, it's so phenomenal.
I mean, football looks like a joke the way they play.
I mean, if there are thousands of empty seats tonight, that will verify what I've always said.
This is the most bus league town in the universe.
If that place is like a ghost town tonight, I'm going to be humiliated.
We already know it's a bus league town, but you know, hey.
Yeah, but I just know you know, I'm trying to help read into another level.
We're trying to teach them something about real life.
You got that right, sir.
Okay, I'll see you in a later.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Be there, or we're going to get really pissed.
Okay, we're going to start protesting in the streets right out there in front of the macarena where it's safe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on here.
And so you don't like the expensive overpriced food like I told you before.
Eat a meal before you go there.
Stop over at the hard thing cafe and see guilty and get a sandwich or something.
And don't have to get ripped off of that overpriced crap food that they're peddling.
I agree with you on that.
Like that filly cheese steak piece of director that the mystery meat I had there last week.
Oh, God.
Plenty of other places to eat.
Stop there at dead Lenny's or Denny's if you have the right complexion right up the street there and have a nice meal there and then go over and watch the game.
Plenty of options.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM.
What is this?
Really?
The water Nazis at it again.
You know what's what you do with the brakes, but at any rate, I'll humor her today today only.
The sports leaders sports radio 560 QAM.
Floridians dumb after and now filling in for Terrell Davis.
It's Troy Apeman for Campbell's chunky soup.
Let's take a call.
Hello Troy.
Hi mom. Don't worry.
I'm eating my Campbell's chunky soup.
I don't care about the damn soup.
What?
Did you find a nice girl yet?
Mom, I told you.
You have enough of them sending their panties to the house.
You could at least humor one of them.
I told you, Martha.
The boy is the fruit.
Is that dad?
Don't listen to your father.
Tell him to shut up.
I didn't make the boy that way.
Must've been your mother Martha always bringing over them big muppin' soup.
And don't listen to him.
As long as you're happy with the nice girl, that's all we care about.
No buts.
Okay, well thanks for sitting in Troy, but you might not sit in so close.
Join us next week when they don't touch me.
Terrell Davis returns.
It's 1114 at 560 WQAM.
Let's all get on that plane.
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
What do you say to the figures today?
That's good on you.
What time is it tonight?
What's tomorrow?
Sounds good to me.
Let's get on that 940 PM flight pack.
Let's leave tomorrow morning at 815 all of us.
What do you say?
Meet me there to God.
They might be international.
We'll hop out of God and plane.
After a big pant of victory tonight.
What's wrong with that?
You ready to go to figures tomorrow morning, aren't you?
Right now.
Okay.
Let's just bring everybody bring a big bushel of money.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, I knew.
Yes, sir.
How you doing good morning?
I called you yesterday.
I don't know if you remember me in life five, but your phone's...
Yeah, and I then delivered back on and you went on for an interminable period of time, yes?
There you go.
And I'm just going to say I turned into your program again this morning.
Here we go again talking about alien.
I thought we'd decide it.
Now, to talk about...
5 6 7 0 5 6 9.
We decided that the show is whatever Neo-Rongers wants it to be.
Okay, and I really rude the day that I put you back on a second time because I try to go out of my way to put people back on who disagree with me.
And I give you much, too much time.
And now you're calling me here to tell me what I should talk about.
I talk about, sir, whatever is going on around me, like in the real world.
And unfortunately here in our little very narrow thing in the...
This is what's happening.
And we don't decide.
We don't have like a committee meeting.
We, like with the audience to decide what we're going to talk about.
In addition to which, if you want to talk about something else, I would have been delighted to talk about it.
Instead of telling me what I want to...
Well, you want me to talk about.
Or what you don't want me to talk about.
Chronic is the word.
Or we got a new chronic.
And like I said, we understand that all you other Cubans out there, you're in the closet, you don't want anybody hearing your voice calling up that Fag on a radio.
We understand that.
Medical Uncommon is to all this other crap.
We understand even though you do enjoy the show tremendously and you're squeezing yourself in each other while you're listening every day of your life.
I know that for a fact.
You're not fooling me for a minute.
Find a hobby, pal.
Okay?
Go out there and stand around the beach, so in front of those big pearly gates, get ready. It's only five hours away.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, first time listener, I just wanted to say I have the answer to the whole alien Gonzalez question and every other Cuban related issue.
Uh-huh.
You just need to stick an American flag and downtown effect.
Okay, how about sticking it right in your...
Facto.
Okay. Say how do you cheap, too, by the way, when you're at it?
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
8777856345.
87778563.
Redneck.
Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Uh, I tried to get through yesterday.
Speak up. I can barely hear you.
I said you're at your lines. We're so full. Yes, sir. I couldn't get through.
Well, today they're not.
Right. You was wondering what...
What is it?
Hello.
What?
What is that?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
How you don't know?
Where do you come from?
Where do I come from?
Hang on a second. What line was she on?
I don't know 577.
Hello?
Yes.
Are you still there?
Yeah, I got cut off.
Now, hang on a second.
I want to tell you what just happened.
To tell you about a screwed-up phone system, this lady is on line 5.
She got about 5 words out of her mouth.
And all of a sudden, she disappeared and line 8 popped up by itself.
Our phone is doing spontaneous stuff.
I'm sorry about that. Go ahead.
This is unbelievable.
Uh, nobody is potsking around with this phone.
Yeah.
Uh, maybe it's Castro.
Maybe it's the El Anticristo.
Maybe he's got his finger in it.
Of course.
Uh, you was wondering yesterday why you see the same faces at the Cuban protest.
Yeah.
Uh, my Hispanic friend informed me that they are paid to go and protest.
How much?
I don't know how much your pay.
10 bucks an hour sounds good.
It does.
But I understand it's the Cuban American National Foundation.
Maybe they can take the money.
They're making it and get some teeth.
Well, I don't know.
They're pretty bad.
Oh, what are you?
And you see these people hanging over the front fence of the house.
And it reminds me of a judging contest at the state fair for hogs or cattle or something.
Yeah, two plus hogs.
And, you know, it is.
You see all these people hollering that everybody's a communist, but yet they're flying the communist flag.
Yeah, well, we've been through that eight minutes time.
You know, it's thickening.
And now this pagrosa was over in front of the house on the beach yesterday last evening,
saying that it's not safe because it's on the intercostal waterway and they could hijack.
Oh, yeah, right.
So government is the same as for hijacking people.
Right.
It's the same old same old.
Now, that is not interesting.
Here are the, I want you to listen to the hypochrasy of this.
Here are all the same people who are screaming and yelling about how,
and leave it, leave it, don't leave it, don't leave it, don't leave it, how free and wonderful it is here.
And how terrible it would be for him in the Castro and all the repression and communist, et cetera.
And yet they're the same people that don't trust the government to carry out the law.
Isn't that interesting?
Isn't it?
Yeah.
If it was me, it's like, if we mistrust the government so badly over here, what's wrong with them going back to Fidel?
Right.
I'm a mother.
I'm a grandmother and I'm a great grandmother.
And I say that that child belongs with his family.
I don't care what country he is in.
Well, wherever he belongs, let's get it over with.
Yeah.
That's my comment.
And have a great day.
Exactly.
By the end of the day.
Let's get it over with today.
What do you say?
Right.
Right.
Now, that is the strangest thing that ever happened.
I mean, we, now with the last few days we have had lines come on spontaneously.
You know, I'm sitting here and talking and line pops on.
So somebody is, somebody is dicking around with our phone system.
And our people in this building are like, and I love when the program director comes in,
says, oh, well, maybe it's a bell-soft problem.
How long are you going to keep saying that before you get all over their ass?
Before somebody in this goddamn company says, hey, we're paying you a Schmidt load of money.
Give us a phone set up here that works.
I'm talking to a person on line five.
She disappears in line eight.
Pondue gets punched up spontaneously.
Unless somebody is dicking in the other room with the phones in there.
See, I know how that's switching here though.
You're asking me, it's got to be this computer.
Yeah, or the get in her software or combination of both because they suck.
But Greg's on vacation though.
So of course, everybody in the building is impotent.
And of course, even when Greg is here, they're all impotent anyway.
God, I mean, it just gets more bizarre by the day.
Get off your dot.
Right.
And do something about it.
Instead of crying, here's Davey.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I'll be okay.
First time call them.
Yes, sure.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pond 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Boka.
Hello.
Hi, good afternoon.
Good evening.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Where's Pia, whatever it is.
Hello, amigo.
You speak a little bit of Spanish, right?
Yes.
Oh, very good.
A little bit of Spanish.
Thank you for letting us give a opinion over the radio.
A little bit of Italian.
Oh, we'll talk about Italian.
You know, part Italian.
Yes, oh.
Only Amaretto di Sarano.
Okay, anyway.
Okay.
I'll see you at the next.
So, where's the father of this child that he didn't come to meet his child with the grandmother's?
The Luca Bracci's holding a gun to his head saying, just stay where the hell you are.
Because all these mess is because the father wants the child, but now all this.
Yeah, but it ought to look on one hand.
The father is obviously being prevented from coming here.
But on the other hand, if you're in his shoes and you're seeing all these hysterical people over here,
would you be inclined to come here no matter how bad you wanted your kid back?
I'm really dubious about that.
No, I would not doubt to come for my children.
And anybody who wonders why these grandmother's broke out in tears when they got to the airport
and saw all of Circus on the TV sets.
I mean, these are two old ladies.
These are two sophisticated world travelers.
These are two old ladies who would take a look at that and said,
What the hell is this?
We're not going to go into a sea of lunatics there.
I mean, why do they feel the need for this circus going on?
They don't need to have anybody throwing flowers at them interfering.
Just let the process take place and let the proper authorities decide.
And let's move on with life and cut the circus out.
Why they didn't come inside the house or they didn't come to the house.
I just got through telling you because they didn't want to go into a circus like that.
Well, I don't see any risk because the authorities were there.
Well, the authorities were there.
Well, isn't that terrific?
They don't trust the authorities.
Because right now the authorities are in Miami too, right?
Yeah.
But at least this is where they're going to go is behind a gated to behind a huge gate.
That's how they're letting any of you create a room.
What is it?
That house looks like a jail.
It looks like a jail?
Yeah, it looks like a house to me with a big.
There are plenty of nice houses that have gates in front of them.
Ask, oh, Jay, he'll tell you.
56670560, pond 560 on the AT&T line.
Is it look like a jail?
No.
I mean, Jesus Christ, lady.
What are we talking about?
That's a jail locked me up.
Exactly.
Right.
Maybe John Gotti's hanging out in there.
What do you think?
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I just want to know I sympathize with what you're going through with your sickness.
I had something like that about eight years ago.
I hated it.
But anyway, I feel great.
What's that?
I said I'm not going through it anymore.
I feel great.
Well, it can recur.
So just, you know.
Not going to recur because I'm not going to start eating crap again.
Well, if it does, just remember the great diet plan.
But hey, good luck getting better.
Anyway, here we go.
What are we going to get charged with kidnapping?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Are you?
No.
No.
Too bad.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I hope your illness goes away soon, too, sir.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka.
Here you go.
Boka Raton, see.
Oh, hi.
I just kept this in pieces of your show because I'd run in an alotrug.
But look at some central front page.
This one just hit me right in the face.
Right.
Man's found guilty after shooting his wife on TV in front of everybody down here and his brother.
Right.
And I channeled 7 only, played that video 600 times in the last 24 hours, by the way.
Seven years ago.
Right.
If the politicians want to work on something, why don't they work on the court of pellet system?
That's ludicrous.
Right.
We get this guy behind bars.
These appeals, that's right, and start frying these people on death's role, like every Friday, like regular, like at one time would be good.
Right.
Right, and they wonder what they jailed at full.
That's right.
Oh, but most plus they're also full of all these dangerous drug people, you know.
Oh, yeah, they get marijuana smell.
That's right.
You got all those pop people in there.
I got to watch them.
Let those people out and start putting the scumbags in there.
That's what I say, especially if they don't have too many teeth.
Amen to you.
Okay, God bless us.
Thanks.
25 past 11 at 560 WQM.
You're a freedom station for the 90s.
Viva us.
Viva something.
Viva free and living time.
Viva, living time.
Viva Dominions.
Bacon.
Not good for you, by the way.
Oh, I wonder how it feels.
Can it live or?
Huh?
I thought liver was great.
Bad for you.
Real bad for you.
All the poisons that all the toxins from the animal go into the liver.
Just like yours go into your liver.
You want to heat up an organ that's loaded with toxins?
I've seen some organs that probably were loaded with toxins, but you know,
maybe they look kind of good at the time.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the 18.
You know, that home that they're taking that kid to, it looks like a prison to me.
Doesn't it?
No.
Yeah.
Looks like a guy day in the prison.
See, she's upset because they got that big iron gate out there.
And all these crazy people can't go in and do their-
They continue this obnoxious dog in ponies show.
Jim Manidig's toss sport.
Yeah.
Right here.
On sports radio, five to 10.
Oh yeah.
Hey, I need some action.
Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale of the beard in comedy stuff.
Who's received food over a dropping aisle, South of Florida.
You're saying right from the big fat two-win man, who's covered their iron hole.
With three of the fights for it, we'll see you in the rest of the take-
The boat.
You turn.
Still the raft and float.
When you win, talk to get his back, but quickly gated up.
At the few things the Bay of Takes it, try the Air Force didn't show up.
They float in to Miami and when the politicians inflate like they have seen us.
And swap ways to lose the carol hero.
And have a big fun.
At A.V.L.A.
Ferral D.R.R.
A.V.L.
F.I.L.L.
Lemma 32 this just in, A.V.L.A.
has loose bowel movement.
In a flurry of media friends, the A.V.L.A.
and last bowel movement was closely examined to find that it indeed was diarrhea.
The feces were a light-albert in color with a consistency of oatmeal.
Armando Gutiérrez, spokesperson for the family, said it was probably some bad aros
compollo.
The Cuban ex-alcommunity in the media waited in a day long friends event,
a patient of a firm stool from the six-year-old boy, A.V.L.A.
was over her telling laser organzales the boy's great uncle,
Nuka H.S.L. Papel in El Toro.
It sounds much better on here, doesn't it?
One moment please.
It sounds so much better when they were saying, where the hell is that?
Nuka H.S.L. Papel in El Toro.
Some also claim here, A.V.L.A.
saying, Iral Banu in Cuba.
Conflicting interpretations also take this to mean, I want a poop in Cuba,
or I never want a poop in Cuba again.
Audio tapes are being examined by Rick Sanchez of Channel 7 at the moment.
As to this, it will affect the plan meeting between A.V.L.A. and his grandma, Maaz,
Jeannie O'Loughlin, said she'll try to make both sides comfortable in her home,
which has a long driveway and electric gate in several bathrooms.
Laser organzales, his brother Delphin, niece Mary Lace,
and Doris Rodriguez, Rackel's half-sister will also be there,
and could help the boy feel more comfortable if necessary, he said.
We just want to be with A.V.L.A. on Rackel Rodriguez,
A.V.L.A. on the maternal grandmother's set in Washington.
We want to talk to him and hold him and maybe give him a little emotive D.
Spencer I.G. the Miami Relatives lead attorney had this comment,
and then on this page, there are like 25 words in Hebrew,
which I wish we had television, but we don't.
What I'd say.
Oh!
As the world watches, A.V.L.A. on the next ball moment is planned for 325 this afternoon.
All right. Excellent job, whoever came up with that.
It says, by the way, staff writer Vanessa Baezak-Kanchita Alonzo Miguel Argoes,
has contributed nothing to this report.
Thank you.
Lovely job.
Where are we going next here?
The comedy continues in this town.
Here's a wrong line. Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Eric Over at State Auto in Sunrise. How you doing?
Okay. I just wanted to comment on the Panthers game.
I want to let you know I am going tonight.
Great. And I love the Panthers.
Love them ever since they started here.
Yeah.
And you're right. They don't get their fair share.
I mean, you can even look in the sports page today.
I mean, you know, they got this big game.
And there's nothing even on the front page.
Thanks for being on the front page.
Showdown, the Devils and the Panthers, two out of teams in a league.
This is the biggest two days they got to play in a field tomorrow night.
A huge crossing.
And all these people care about is the same old tired crap.
This is such a horse and buggy town.
Yeah, unfortunately it really is.
But I just want to let you know I'll be there with bells on it.
Okay, I'll see you there.
Thanks a lot, Neil. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay. Moving right along.
Here's the mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Just a little information on the parking situation around Arianthouse
and over here on Miami Beach.
These people have charged in $500 to the media making big bucks.
All right.
Great.
And those cops out at the airport, they had to be the same ones that took the picture
and got no J's autograph.
Uh-huh.
That's all I got.
Okay, thanks.
Not 5.6705.60, Tom 5.60.
Did I say thanks to him?
Oh, good.
It's pretty weak.
Here's the lady in North Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, ma'am.
Neil, I have a great idea.
Yes. Okay.
Let us boycott.
What is that festival?
Kelly Ochi?
Kelly Ochi.
Okay. Let's go.
Believe me.
What do you mean let us boycott?
Do you go to what?
No.
I don't either.
So I guess we're already boycotting.
I've been boycotting it for years.
Yeah, but since I've been here.
What is it?
We can get people to stay away.
Well, what about the kind of Ocho, first of all,
I think that it would stop the net slowdown
because it'd be pressure on these people to stop.
Uh-huh.
Maybe.
No.
It's better than blocking stuff.
No.
No.
No.
I thought it was going to.
Okay, let's all like that.
Okay.
No.
5.6705.60.
Tom 5.60.
Only 18TL.
I mean, when you want to get some good arroz, go and boil,
you won't work out a real good, you're going to die.
You got to go down to Kelly Ochi.
I don't go there myself because it's for me.
No.
Of course not.
It's got nothing to do with me.
Plus I don't wear my guava bears anymore.
I'm not that fat.
Let's do a bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let's stop about, A Leon, for a minute, and I'll talk about something important.
What is that?
The Swiss Guard at the Vatican.
Yeah.
I've got a Italian USA newspaper.
Take a fact in the church.
Yeah.
You've got to hear this.
You're going to love it.
Okay.
They're basically, it's an article describing who they are and their history and everything.
And then down here, you're going to be outfits, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
They said that the puffed sleeve with nicker bockers strived red, blue, and yellow.
And they stand on either side of the Basilica guarding the gates in the Vatican city.
Right.
Okay.
Here's some of the things that they have to know.
They must be Roman Catholics unmarried between 18 and 25 years of age.
Right.
They also must be very good looking.
Very hot.
I'd like to, like the state police, like the Cod of the New Year, they're also very good looking in Italy.
Right.
Thank God.
They're officially there, supposed to be over 1.74 meters tall.
Yeah.
But now they have a, how many, how many inches long do they say?
Because they're pay, they have to measure up to the Pope's standards is what I'm here.
Oh, yeah.
Here you go.
That's coming.
Hold on.
So to speak.
So to speak.
They're very, very high equivalent to about $1,000 per month paid in Swiss francs, but they're given full board and lodging.
Every year on May 6th, the anniversary of the sack of Rome.
It sounded like a sack of schmet to me, but anyway.
The Swiss guards renew their vows of allegiance in the courtyard of San Di Maso inside the Vatican.
In the colorful ceremony, the new recruits have to kneel down, raise three fingers of their right hand to symbolize the Trinity and swear to serve the Pope to the death.
Yeah.
And what do they put those fingers around, by the way?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I love your show.
I just thought you'd get a charge out of that and get off that Leon for two nights for the good notes.
So I don't forget this little fact in the church, not a one adios adios five five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60.
See, those of you people out there that can't handle the truth.
I feel sorry for you know, you live in La La Land and everything's been brainwashing and you just, you know, I mean just laugh at it.
That's all I don't have to take it so seriously.
It's ridiculous. Yeah, in the face of it, it's lunacy.
All these people dressed up in these stupid little outfits, all these bags.
See, when they get upset is when bags come on the street and they dress up in dress and they say that they're bags, then they get upset.
But if they dress up and they say they're like religious, oh, yeah, well, that's great.
He's making fun of our religion.
Yeah, absolutely.
22 before noon at five 60 WQM.
You've got to stick your screw in it.
La, don't worry. It's not going to break.
In the 50s Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best.
Step into the confession or believe.
I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this way.
Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the rear.
All right, Billy boy. It's time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, here's where Billy. Here's where.
Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter.
Father knows that.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here.
And of course, we all know what that the Vatican is all about.
That's a great club you moron.
17 to learn. Here's the facts to remind her. I did see that show by the way when Fat Monica would Larry, uh,
hocking her at Jenny Craig V. S. to her bull cramp.
One of the things she said during that show, according to this fact was I've learned not to put things in my mouth that are bad for me.
Squirt, squirt.
Well, maybe she was promoting that new song. She's come out with a record to the tune of the tears on my pillow by little Anthony N.
Imperial.
Come stains on my blue dress.
16 till noon at 560 WQM 567 O560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Lantana. Hello.
Hey, you know, I wanted to comment on something I heard a little earlier.
The guy was talking about the man who thought I'm video killing his wife.
Right.
Uh, I like that video too.
Like, I'm going to go like that.
So I just had an amazing thought with this, uh, game show craze has been going on.
I thought maybe they could do something with the guys I'm not just rowing call it, uh,
wants to win a million jokes or million bolts.
And see if we got any kind of ratings.
Okay. We'll work on it.
We'll get together with Bob from F P N L.
567 O560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Okay.
Good morning.
Uh, I'm just wondering like you should be begging for alien to stay because if you are having
a creature rating so much, but you know, running Q and down, uh, you should be begging for him to stay
longer.
You could be running Cubans down.
What am I saying running Cubans down?
We're talking about 200 people with bad teeth.
No, I mean, they represent all the Cubans.
Yeah, but you give the time to all these people.
I mean, they're not just talking about 200 Cubans, but generally speaking about all of us,
I'm begging.
No, no, I'm not speaking about all of you.
In fact, I've been begging for people.
So you don't want to have a discussion what you want to do is take a shot with me because I'm expressing something you disagree with.
No, not really.
Not at all.
Well, that's what it sounds like to me.
No, because you have to get rid of.
And let me ask you this.
Anything else that's going on in this town, what it has to do with Cubans or not.
Do I always talk about it?
Whatever it might be?
That's what the show is all about.
I didn't invent Alien.
I didn't find in there in the rubber or a wrap.
I didn't invent this story.
I have nothing to do with it.
Okay, can I make a point?
I'm listening.
Okay.
When you handle it because I listen to you often, a lot of your children, when you talk about the problem that you have a tie stone,
when the black community started calling angling, then you really changed the tool and then that was that.
I changed my coin.
I never changed my coin about anything.
No, I absolutely did not.
No, I did not.
I said the tie stone, anything all the time here.
So I did not.
No, I did not.
In fact, I'm the only person in this town who said that if somebody wants to exclude Polish people or black people or Jews or anybody else in his business,
why the hell should he be able to do?
That's exactly what I said.
I don't pander to anybody.
I don't pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anyone.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I'm not pander to anybody.
I just wondered about generino, Var streqa girigdem .
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there we go.
Say that always come ..
No, you're so�rapt cycantele that Lou Starrie out there on
eless slice, but always g ET.
Always grow attention because
I am saying things that you do with the
because you're an emotional cripple.
How many times yesterday did I beg?
I'm still, today I said it again.
The reasonable Cubans who don't want to be represented
by these 200 toothless losers down there,
I'm begging for them to call them,
express whatever they think about this.
They won't call, and all you want to do is call here,
make a shot at me and start again
with a homophobic bullcrap and Janorinos would
die, can you remind it calling?
Same old stuff, faggot.
God, why don't you guys just get with the program,
okay, like they do in Southern Italy, okay?
Just go with a flow, if you like it, do it.
And stop pretending to be a so macho.
You're not fooling me, okay?
I've been around the block too many times.
I know what you guys are all about.
You're not fooling me.
You can put on the big macho, machismo act
for all your girlfriend, and of course your boyfriends
know differently.
Stop trying to kid us, okay?
You're not fooling anybody, are you?
No. No.
Oh yeah, because Janorinos is a lesbian,
and also I'm probably a communist too.
I'm a communist.
Oh, we do that.
How do you like that?
I had to dump it.
And George didn't even hear it.
So a freaking radio show, I had to dump myself.
Oh.
I didn't have an R in there, but I still didn't like
the way it sounded.
It was F-R-U.
I didn't like the way it sounded.
Just a goddamn radio show, like I said, F-U.
God, I'm picking it so personally, I couldn't give it
crap less, like when somebody calls you a mine at Cone.
Do I take it personally?
I just laugh at what a jackass they are,
and take my money all the way to the bank,
like I did yesterday.
Man, oh man, I am not gonna fight it
because for years and years,
they're never gonna change.
I've been begging and begging for those people.
They will not talk to me.
They don't want to, they, they, they, they, for 10.
Just like this guy, likes my show.
He likes the show, but Maddy Cone, Maddy Cone,
Maddy Cone, Maddy Cone, get a read on Maddy Cone, you know.
You're not fooling me, pal.
I can't, by the way,
give your boy a friendly bit kiss for me.
Right on his herpes.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm Captain.
I'm just calling about the LA and K for more time.
I don't think that-
But do you sound like you have a sock over your phone?
Sounds very muffled.
Talked because I'm a, a, a paid phone.
Oh, bad phone.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
But now-
Yeah, I don't think this issue should ever
include cash to or the US government.
This is an issue with a father and a son.
I didn't know that's because-
How could it not include the US government
when we're talking about an immigration case
when somebody floated up in a rubber raft?
How could it not include the government?
Who's going to, who's going to, who's going to-
Well, I mean Congress, I'm sorry, I'm a Senate.
I'm taught the I&S-
Well, of course not.
The I&S made the decision.
Right.
The son has a father.
There's no issue there.
I'm going to defend the house.
Just do it.
Just do it and get it over with.
The I&S do.
They made what they did into it immediately.
Right.
That's right.
They've let this fester like a bad oozing sore.
Big black.
I didn't know-
And what do you think is going to happen if they do send them back,
which most people leave that's going to happen?
What do you think is going to happen here?
Riot.
And that that's the thing that really gets me-
The Cuban come over here and they talk about, you know,
libertades.
Libertades.
And yet they want to hold that hostage.
Yeah.
Riot.
You know, this is unbelievable.
It is unacceptable.
Okay, find a good phone and have a great day.
One for five six seven oh five 60.
Did I change my tune about a coolant about the tytony, of course not.
It's only the Cubans I want to pick on.
Like I invented this story.
Like I invented the thing about the Coast Guard.
And I'm inventing all this coverage nonstop hour after hour on the TV channels on 4 6 7 and
10.
And there it is again on 4 6 7 and 10.
Yeah, blame the messenger.
Okay, because you don't like what's going on in the public's attitude toward.
Let me say it again.
90% of the people out of the country think the kid ought to go back and let's go now with
our lives and let's take care of important things.
And no matter where this kid winds up, aside from all the psychological armies being done
by these kidnapers here, aside from that and being in the middle of all this, he'll
why that doing just fine.
He'll be well taken care of.
Here's a call from DC.
Hello.
Yeah.
First of all, I have two points, but first of all, I congratulate your station manager
on the wonderful phone system.
Second thing is that when we know our station manager, and you see the bus plug, but anyway,
yeah, anyway, the one I have a question, but when the media is going to focus, are focusing
on this Ilyon Miami family, which is an uneducated criminal background.
They're not.
It's only a new time today.
Yesterday there's a nice article there in New Times.
It's got a lot of information in it.
And the mainstream media won't touch it with a hot tamale.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And then the fact is that if this boy goes back, he's going to have a great life.
Right.
If he stays here, they can probably be sitting on the throne right next to it, or where
the Pope used to sit.
Exactly.
Then the problem is here, if he does stay here, he stays with his family in Miami, which
is uneducated.
Exactly.
Toothless.
He's end up getting a million dollars for a movie rights.
And he's end up a criminal wife feeding homophobe in 10 years.
You think so?
That's the problems that I'll be in.
And then the last thing I have for you is touching back on the Catholic church and what
it's just a one big closet.
It's a big club you moron.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And have yourself a good day.
Yeah, have yourself a better.
Okay.
You want to say go have yourself.
We have an open line on the other timeline.
877-785-6345.
I can't believe I had a dump myself before.
I said crap or something like that.
F.
Well, it is just an F and radio show.
That's all it is.
I said, I'm both like Jan Arino.
And by the way, who always refers to her that way?
Aren't I the one that always?
Yeah.
See, you just can't deal with it.
If you want to have a debate about something, you're on a losing side because you don't
have any facts.
You don't have it in material.
I know what I'm saying.
I know what I'd be talking about.
And of course I'd be.
Damn, God.
So don't mess with me.
Here's a mobile and four-letter.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I just want to say I'm going to the game tonight.
Been looking forward to it ever since New Jersey started this one.
They've been on.
Yeah, they give me the win.
And so I hope we kicked the living snot out of them.
I hate that team.
And I don't have season ticket.
I've been to this could be the seventh or eighth game.
I've been going by them either from the gate or I've had a couple of people offer me tickets
for key price.
Yeah.
And for those of you out there who are listening and haven't been to a game.
This, you can't miss two top scoring teams in the Eastern Conference.
Two best records like you said.
And this is the only excitement going on in this town besides all this banana boat
crap that we've been tired of.
This is the only positive exciting thing going on here.
And these bozos out there, they refuse to get on it.
They're waiting for the playoffs so they can jump on a bandwagon so they can pretend
that they're fans.
I know.
They beat up a barf.
And the last thing you'll know that you go at this point, who would you give MVP to
between Pujo, Yaga and Burre?
Pavel Burre.
No questions about it.
Hands down.
Hey, good.
See you.
And all your kids out there, they're playing hooky today around your lunch hour.
You tell your kids, I want to go to the Panther game tonight.
I'm going to run away from home or something like that or I'm going to crap on the living
room floor.
All your kids out there, you tell mommy and daddy, take me to that Panther game tonight.
There's 5,000 on soul tickets, mortgage the housing and give me some goddamn stuff
up there tonight.
God damn it.
All these dead heads.
Oh, but it's a week night and it's not at the right time and it's not just in the
right place, a town of incessant excuses.
They got an excuse for everything here.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
So why do you think I've got the combination community?
What do you think I've got them?
I beg your pardon?
What do you think I've got the combination community?
I don't.
They sew baseballs too tight.
And Haitian, I'm not talking about Cubans.
That's what I just said.
Hey, Cubans don't sew baseballs.
Haitian sew baseball.
Are you Haitian?
Yes.
And I want you to talk about my people.
Yeah, you want to talk about your people and the funny accent like this.
Talk to somebody else about the funny accent like that about your people.
Sounds Jewish to me.
5, 6, 7, 0.
Did you hear what he said?
Oh, yeah.
Not kidding me.
Takes one to no one, sweetheart.
Cox a hoist.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I love the people with a funny accent.
Those are the ones that really impress me.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hi.
I was just thinking I remember the little line with the person you was calling about the
boy cutting the kelly Ocho earlier.
And the line I remember is never are you with an idiot.
They drag you down to their level and beat you with experience.
Yeah.
I thought that'd be a good one.
Well, what does that mean?
And what your response to what?
Well, just talking about protesting something that they're doing.
It would be just like doing the same thing they're doing and they'll come back and do
it.
I mean, I don't know why you respond dignified her camel with a response.
It was idiotic on the face of it.
What is the coyote festival?
I have to do with this.
No, like I said, again, 99 and 910% of the people who go to the coyote festival aren't
involved in all this stuff that's going on right now.
So what are you talking about?
Yeah.
I have no idea.
Like I said, that's just all I could think of at that point.
Okay.
Well, I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You have no idea how sorry.
It's, I love 50, 5 and 5, 60 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560 QAM.
420 L560 WQQAM.
I'm a dad.
Good God, you're a dad.
How old?
I'm Tommy from Pytomy, saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, come on down to Pytomy or South Beach.
We ain't all black people.
They don't keep well.
Besides, why black people are too heat-tastured anyway?
We're not have bright chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait.
I forget.
We have a spare ribs.
Look, Shane, I talk.
What does that mean?
It's a button.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Pytomy.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people, we ain't all like them either.
Should it get food, but they talk too loud with funny lists.
They serve other customers.
No comeback.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, ladded people, you make reservations for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect you to table.
We give to someone else already.
Ladded people are always late.
No black, no gay, no ladder, and Thai coming.
Enjoy your people.
You stop bickering our bill.
Who cares who have what?
Pay with an angle.
Let it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill.
We ain't all want you here.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else.
Come play too much if we don't kiss your eyes.
You're not comeback.
No white, no black, no Jew, no laddedos, no gay.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to Thai coming.
Undefeast hurry before we have to close.
Yeah, you sure change your cool on that, didn't you, Neil?
No.
Yeah, I don't ask a lot of that.
And I hate to break the news to you, sir.
Just like they got with the funny voice.
What do you think about the Haitians?
I can't live on that level.
I don't live my life on that level.
How many billions of times do I have to keep repeating?
Unlike most of you who are morons, I don't deal with people as part of a group.
Oh, well, the Cubans are like this.
And the Jews are this.
And the fact I deal with people as individuals.
If they're nice people, fine, I like them.
If they're assholes, I don't like them.
That's all.
There's good Cubans.
There's asshole Cubans.
There's good Haitians.
Some.
Aren't there?
Not necessarily.
I mean, that's just the way the real world is.
And so many of you people are here, you're in your little category, your professional Cubans, professional Jews, professional ethnic, whatever the head you are.
Like that smoth ahead there with a Spencer I.
Spencer, what's his name?
Something like that.
I can't live my life that way.
I feel it's tragic.
Tragedy.
That I have to try to do a show and discuss things.
Either humorous or serious read between people whose whole lives are based around that crap.
Like the woman would crap about boycott and coyotcho.
We're going to get even when I was Cubans.
And I said, do you go?
No, well, okay, don't go.
I don't need her.
And I'll continue not to go.
Okay, great.
God.
Stupid, stupid.
How come I got the wrong guy named Cardinal?
Stupid idiot.
Exactly.
How's that lawsuit coming by the way?
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the reason I had to be put on quick is I'm a middle school teacher over here in every city.
Austin Cuban.
I'm Cuban.
I was born here.
My parents are Cuban.
And I want to let everybody out there know that no, we are not like that.
I mean, that's like exactly like you say 2,300 Jerry Springer rejects looking for their time to shine on TV.
That's right.
That's where they always people rejected from a Jerry Springer audition.
That's how they got together in the first place.
Okay.
I have my people, my parents, my family, everyone I know, I am so grateful to be in this country.
I look at the people on Cuban.
I'm like, this is what I want.
This is what I want to be.
And if it wasn't for the United States, I wouldn't be driving in my truck right now.
We're talking to you all my cell phones.
So do I love the United States?
I adore it.
But I'm tired of these Cubans trying to make everyone look pathetic.
Because that's what they look like.
Positi.
If you look closely on TV, look at the type of people holding up traffic.
They're like scumbags.
Scumbags.
That's exactly right.
That's the one.
Scumbags.
I'm seeing you.
I'm a teacher in a middle school at one of the worst schools in Liberty City.
I rather not say the name because I'm at lunch.
I got a bus.
I got a bus in my ass.
Suddenly 13 year olds.
Hey, listen.
They're good and bad in every race.
And I got to break it down.
Listen.
You know, bad, bad people.
Oh, how do we do?
You know, good ones.
There you go.
There's bad Cubans and there's good ones too.
But please, every listener out there do not think that Cubans are like the smart you look at it on TV.
We are not all like that.
Thank you, pal.
Thank you, Neil.
You're a good show, man.
And I like, you know, hey, good people, bad people, good fags, bad fags.
There you go, man.
And it's the ins and bad.
Right.
I just put some buzz there by the way they are, bad people.
Period.
I'm not a material.
Okay, ask the K. U.M.
This.
Yeah.
You must be one of the good fags.
He's one of the good.
He didn't say he was a U.M.
He's a bad guy.
I'm an Almond.
Oh, I am the good furry.
Well, everybody knows, don't everybody know that?
Uh-huh.
The good furry, as opposed to the evil furry.
What the hell difference does it make?
Oh, everybody's got a car.
See, this is the only way very insecure people can deal with other people is if they can put them in some kind of a compartment.
If they can label them.
Oh, well, this one's a German.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
And this one's a Dutchman.
And this one is a Russian.
And this one's a Faggot.
And this one, he's Greek or he likes Greek or whatever the hell it is.
It's a Recto.
Nothing like that.
People who live their lives like that and Archie bunkers, that's all they are.
And believe me, you don't have to look and talk like Archie bunker to be one, because there's millions and millions of you Archie bunkers all over the place.
Just like that woman with her boycotting a Kali Ochi.
What else you was talking about?
Itchy bitchy.
Here is the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I'm glad your major problems turn out to be a minor problem.
Yes, me too.
Yes, sir.
I am a true hockey fan.
I'm the kind of guy who will watch ESPN 2 at 11 o'clock.
Right.
And I would love to go to tonight's game.
What?
I'm a quarter owner in season tickets.
I'm in section 401, row 9.
Nice tickets, right?
I said, right.
Right.
It cost me $1,200 to go to a quarter share.
I'm 50 dollars.
Yeah.
35 bucks a ticket.
Right.
Okay.
The reason I'm not going tonight or don't have full season tickets is purely price.
Right.
Or us diehard hockey fans.
Well, I understand that.
But you think I would think that people who pick and choose, they're not talking about you because you've obviously got it portioned out.
But people who pick and choose like a game here and a game there, that this would definitely be a game if they knew anything about it that they would want to come to.
I just don't get it.
And they would be...
And you think part of the problem is that you're not going to have like we did on Saturday with the Boston with the game because you had like a couple thousand Bruins fans or like with the least game.
We had two or three thousand least fans, including me.
But there are no devils fans, even in Jersey, there's no devils fans.
So we can't count on those people to make it look a little bit better tonight.
So we're strictly counting on Panther fans and they're just starting off.
Right. Well, the Jersey fans are Ranger fans.
Right.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Okay. Have a great day.
Let's fill that goddamn place up tonight.
We're going to fill it up.
Oh, Jesus Christ, you people.
God.
Brace my heart.
It just tears my guts up to live in a place to live and have to work in a place.
Although I'm making a lot of money.
That's the only reason I'm here.
Were you...
I mean, you need something good, something great.
We don't know from that.
You're just unwilling.
You're unyielding.
Old, funny duties.
Just like this damn thing going on there with this little kid.
Same old, tired, repetitious swill.
This town is caught in a goddamn time warp.
I bet you'll find James Deren in the middle of that hole to you'll over there in the time tunnel.
Seriously, we're in a time warp.
We can't get out of it.
Just take a look at those old farts there with their rotten goddamn yellow teeth.
Forget about 40 years ago. They're like from 4,000 years ago.
Those people are cretin' their neanderthals with bad teeth.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great.
I enjoy your show. Everything coming out of your mouth is gold.
Exactly.
And I want to say something else.
I heard the last guy, the last caller.
He was trying to explain about the Cuban.
I probably agree with some reason with him, but for a lot of reason I don't agree.
If I look at Cuba, after years and years that like one of the last countries being a communist,
and they are like a lot of Cuban in Miami trying to make a non-common sense about that little boy
with family value issue.
And if this is the way they're going to solve their problem with this small thing,
I'm just thinking about those big things that Council have been doing for years.
They're like cats here in Miami just screaming from so far away.
But you know, that guy that called a teacher, he's right.
Why don't these people just kiss the ground that they're here and just give it up and give it a rest?
And forget about all of the other bull crap and let us all go on with our lives.
And stop trying to trap us in their misery and the language and the living in the past.
So why don't they worse than people who live in the past?
So why don't you speak up here in Miami? I mean, I guess that's 300, 400, 400.
Well, we just had one. Maybe that's a start.
Okay, Neil. Have a great day.
Have a good work.
Have a good day.
Just this one time, Kale, let you ask me about my business.
What's the answer, Michael?
No. Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on it.
Yeah, I was in the olive oil business with his father.
I didn't know no God father.
It was between the brothers.
Just like I'm guiding light where they've got the witness there.
Whatever the hell she was, the maid or whoever she is, they got the witness.
And Carmen says, I'm going to make you an offer you can't refuse, bitch.
And she was a picture of a little kid.
Uh-oh.
It's like a little subtle hint in there like, you're a kid alive again.
You better spill the beans right the way I'm telling you.
And thank God yesterday we got to see guiding light from beginning to end.
Oh, yeah.
The Edwin Hawkins thing is when we need them all happy day.
No more interrupt.
Of course today you do realize that, uh, it's just dawn on me.
That whole sin is going on for a clock.
Is there any chance we're going to see our shows between no no.
That's our dose.
Yeah, you people of 467 and 10.
Most of you should rot.
You should rot if there's a, if there's a special place in hell for obnoxious disgusting scumbags.
You'll be there together.
Chef or Todd tongue in Don.
No Bob weaver Bob mayor Bob Soaper.
Um, anybody else we like?
Uh, that's it.
10 pass noon at 560 W.
Q. I.m.
Well, they won't be on watching the weather fairies.
They won't be done.
They can't keep them down at block.
They'll be flippin up above.
The sports leader.
We have the lead.
Sports radio 560.
Q. A.
K.
Very, very, very veryэ.
Where you can't help out the way the people stand is to hold them in with long hair
It's a bad day, it's a whole of a night
So this door plays for you still alright, you still okay?
You still can't go down our way, you still got your baby clothes
So we had gathered dancing shoes and trying to hear the leaving because it was going to be receiving it
Staying alive, staying alive, nothing is weird to see
We've got a couple of scenes at 5.50 W.2.80
This got a bullet in here, this is shocking the video that we've been seeing from Alien playing at home, you know, back in Cuba
Which is a parrot and all the other stuff is toys
It's like the Alien autopsy
On Fox, remember that?
How do you spell it by the way? Alien autopsy?
Yeah, that's right, it's a fake
That guy that called yesterday, that was great
Oh, he really wasn't living with his father
And yeah, right, that birthday party, I think it was all just made up
More comedies to propaganda, right?
No
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless time, you see?
Some of you out there have been so brainwashed, it's like the religious thing
I understand that you got a problem
Because it's very difficult when somebody keeps feeding you all this bullshit over the years
But you got to finally like break away from that
And find a real life and just get away from all that old troll crap
Don't pay any attention to old trolls, unless of course it's me
Here's Miami, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir, listen, I don't know
What's your name?
What's your name?
I'm a Cuban, I live in Miami
Yes, and I love to hear all these people calling in
And criticizing the Cuban people
It's not all Cubans think the same
Oh, yes sir, how many times can we say that?
They're not criticizing all the Cuban people
And the people that don't like Cubans, of course, they're going to say that because they're bigots anyway
Right, like the lady who calls that like that
How many times have I ripped your ass already?
Oh, yeah, you did great
I ripped her a big fat, back to where she deserves it
Yeah, because bitch
And it's become a circus, you know, between the Cubans who were the...
Like Rodney King said, why can't we all just get along?
Yeah, you're right
Right
You know, and I want to say top it already
What is it?
I hope he's top it already because it's becoming a big circus
Right, like today
Yep
Even Ringling Brothers, the circus has to close up and go somewhere else
Have a great day, amigo
Right, I'll be there at you
See, there you go, he don't give a crap, just get it over with
That's what reasonable people say
Get it over with, stop with a soap opera
We want to see our favorite soap opera, it's not this soap opera
This is a bad soap opera
At least on my soap opera, there's a lot of the people who look good and they got good teeth
God
I mean, who the hell wants to look every day at these disgusting trolls, man?
The cigar store Indians with those rotting yellow teeth
Jesus Christ
Here's a mobile in dear field, I almost said it again, hello
Good afternoon
Yes sir
Yeah, I've got a couple of points actually
One, if all the people that had told me that they think this little boy should go back
Or even half of them said told me that these little boys should go back
Yeah
They'd call their senator and this will be backed by now
I'd call them
The first one, let me ask you this, why should this senate be involved in this in the first place?
They shouldn't
These are the people that we are at, these are the people that we put into office
They care of problems that we have
So if you voice your opinion
I think if they're going to call their senators or congressmen
They shouldn't tell them they should stay or go back
Tell them that they're the INS and the government deal with it
It's not the congress, this is not a matter for congress to be grandstanding over
Absolutely right, they should call the con, they should call their senators
They stay out of it, they have no business in it
Right
You don't stay out of it, you leave them alone
No, but you wouldn't feel called your senator
We're counting Mac, okay, he's the lame duck anyway so he doesn't get it
That's true and the teleon is worth this too
It's just pathetic, this little boy is being used in this way
That's pretty much it, I'm not a telepathy
Okay, have a great day sir
It's like, remember that thing to boil in the bubble?
The kid that had the disease that time that had a movie on the television?
Which I think John Revolta was an ad by the way
Oh, speaking of, he's a Scientologist, you know?
But anyway, and that's what this kid is like, he's like a boy into bubble
And everybody's looking at every time he fights, every time he plays with a little dog
Every time he's out there with his boyfriend in the yard
I shouldn't have said that was a little playmate
You know, leave the kid alone, stop with a craft
And they're so terrified that they, that anybody get them out of their hands, out of their grass, out of their brainwashing, out of their clutches for one second
That's so obvious
If you're so confident that he's going to have a better life here and he wants to stay here so bad
Why not to be confident that, you know, that's what's going to happen
But they're scared, crapless, schmittless
That somebody's going to say to him, hey by the way, all this brainwashing can go through it to pile out of our schmitt
And he'll say
Here's for Myers, hello
Yeah, that guy's going to say, if he's 1200 miles for tickets
Why don't you just buy two pounds of weeds, take it home and watch the game?
Yeah, uh-huh
Hey, you're getting calls from Port Charlotte?
Yes
I got a question, I asked me if I ever got any good calls from Port Charlotte
I got a question for you
Yes, I come here, you never see any really dark Cubans in Miami, out of the full Mars
But I've never seen it like on TV in Cuba, you see like really dark Cubans, like the Black ones
Those are the only ones that left behind
Oh, okay, and another question
But you do understand that, don't you?
What's that, they left them behind
Are Cubans racist today?
They're not like that
Oh, are Cubans racist is the Pope Jewish Jesus Christ?
I don't know, I mean I thought, because I didn't even knew they were dark Cubans so I was watching it
They thought when it was Black Cubans that coming over on the Raps, they also know we don't know who those people are
They don't know them from the Adam
They're the Slope, right?
They can't let people look like Haitians to us
They can't even ever throw in baseball's Adam, I guess either to rewind or just to get in the hell out of here
I remember during a Clinton trial, a Republican party, you were saying
The Pinax prize, yes
We got a solid rule of law
Oh yeah
And now the law is already made that you know he's supposed to go back and everything like that
Is that before after Henry Hyde was having a affair with that married woman?
Is that before after Dan Burton had that illegitimate kid?
Yeah, there's really really two-faced-those people
Yeah
Okay, now I'm going to fight the champ right now
Alright
Okay, bye
What was the guy from, he was there, he was like the speaker of the house for five minutes
That had a resign on the day that they were having hearings that morning, Bob, Bob, Bob Lou
Bob Lou?
Huh?
He's still there
Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob, not living with the fascist
Bob, living with him, very good, George, let's hear it for George
Ow!
Bob, living with him, I presume
Yeah, Mr. Lou, living with him, I presume, oh he's another one for land-ring a piece of terror
Don't do as I do, do as I say
I mean, affected, why can't anybody in the media just tell it like it is like I'm the only one?
Who the president is dittling with as long as they're consenting adults, isn't anybody's business?
She was young, she was a slut
She was not only a willing participant, she was a anxious, hot to trout with her
The presidential neat pad, this fat bitch
And you showed me a guy, his age, what is he, like 54 or 52, whatever the hell, Bob is
Who don't want to hop on some hot young 21-year-old, and I'll show you some fag
I don't mind to hop in with some 21-year-old, but not no bitch
What are we talking about here?
Oh, and it's disgraceful, and it brought the country, it didn't do crap
The only thing that brought the country down is we had to waste all those millions of dollars to pass the viking star
And all his right-wing manipulators
Richard Mellon's Skafe, which makes me chafed just thinking about that goddamn name
Oh, and now they're finally starting, maybe Hillary had a point, maybe it was kind of a right-wing conspiracy
And just maybe they were out to get his ass, like that's some kind of a bulletin
Not see bastard, this Bob Barr was a little mustache
God, Hitler would be proud of that son of a bitch, I'll tell you that
Here's a mobile-infort Lauderdale, hello
Pretty good, sir
Second time, Cora, I was like the known, what happens to these processes that create all this havoc in traffic jam?
So I mean, I drive for a living around the area, and they don't die that bad in Miami, I'm up here in Fort Law
Thank God
But I don't know how these people deal with it, what happens to them when they get arrested?
They get, you know, they put them in there for like five minutes, and then the hot shot attorney comes and gets them out, and then they go home
And the mayor kind of pick in your calls and says, be sure and treat them night and give them a couple of, maybe you know, chase them, let them out
Maybe we should put them on a three-strike system, if they don't belong in this country, we send them back in
Or maybe we should put them on a rubber raft, sounds good to me
I say get, come make a move
The big sign that this raft goes both ways
Let's have it yielding like we used to do, and we'll just send it right back to Cuba when we get them all aboard
Okay, I'll leave it here, it's a good luck found
Hang in there, here's the guy that's got a driver living in this town
Oh, why sympathize with those of you guys? Oh, man, how can you do it?
How can you do it? And of course, another reason we want this to get over with real fast is because then whatever's going to happen will happen, it will just crawl out of the bed and hang on for a day or two and then go on the blind
Because you just know that this Jose Basuelto, I'm going to say it again, he belongs, when they make the decision, they had around these people up
I'm not saying, you know, put them in camp or something like that, all of that, a bad idea
Round them up and just take them and put them away, just detain them for a couple of days so that life can go on again
So they can't orchestrate some kind of civil grotesque crap going on here again
And have it all these been people been saying, not that I believe in them, haven't they all said we just want them to have his day in court, we want to follow the law and we'll go to a abide by the decision, does anybody believe that?
No, no
Of course not, we just want that to happen as long as we get our way, that's the message
It's just like Libre Todd as long as you say what we like
Here is Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
I know how you're doing
Great
I just want to let all the Julios in Miami understand that I'm a 45 year resident of Miami
And I can tell them that they have turned this town into the biggest toilet in the world
All the Julios have done that?
Yep
Okay, we'll see you
How you like that George, you better start taking the course of your brother, not anyway
I have no idea, I don't listen to assholes like that, I'm not interested
I'm not interested in listening to you know, and then I'll get the calls
Oh, you know, you let people, I don't let them do it, there's a classic example of that, I don't want to talk to assholes like that
Now if he wants to say about the eldest element of people and what they're doing to this town and making us a disgrace, of course that's true
But he just wants to make a blanket statement because he's a big a period plain and simple, all the Julios
So the Puerto Ricans are doing it and the Guadalajuan and the Nicaragua and the Mexicans all five of them and whoever else we got here too with the Venezuelans, the Colombian
Well, he's right about then
How about the people from all over the Republic of the Mnicon?
I love seeing that, I love the Republic of the Mnicon
Yeah, so I want to go there, not from what I hear
They're not too crazy about my kind down there
It's a 25 past noon at 560 WQA, I just don't have time for assholes like you, sir
And maybe the fact that people like you've been here for 45 years, maybe if you get on your high horse and ride out of town
Maybe that might improve things when hell of a lot
Yeah, with your Neanderthal attitudes about day, day, what did I just get through talking about 20 minutes ago?
About people like this guy who deal with labels on everybody else
Let me say it again, some of those Colombians, man
Hmm
And tap with noses to start
Oh, I can't hear you, sir, the last cane is
We've got only on 4th radio 560 WQA and
Can't beat that Gator me
MTV presents 9 inch nails, unplugged
I want a f*** you like an animal
The emphasis thinks not on
How come this isn't working
Oh
You tried you knocked over my bonge
9 inch nails, unplugged
Only on MTV
You're not with a bloodhound gang says in that song, I want to f*** you like an animal
Like a zebra, something like that
Anyway, I think I said that before, and I said that before, or something very close to that
I had to dump myself, but that's bad
Here's a Miami B, chill out
Neil, yes sir
Let me father, I've not sinned in over a week
Yeah, ready for all the excitement over there today, sir
I see we're going to have made a car radio for another two years here
Yeah, that's right, they said that nobody Jose
We can't have an early election to get him out because whoever follows him could be a lot worse and more dangerous
So that might not be so bad
Well, the other two of that we're trying to get him out of no better than he is
The cook from the get go
Right
So he thinks that this is going to stop the temp to destabilize the city
According to his quote, I got no sure, we're going to be destabilized in big
Fashion pretty soon because they've been screwing around with the pension funds
Or watch out for that law
Good, throw their asses all in jail together
I think we should start a campaign, if we got to have a rodeo for mayor, we should start a campaign for George Rodriguez
Okay, there you go
Have a good day
See, he said there's not enough graph in it
56705, it'll even be a charge of the airport graph, that sounds good
We got 29 million to start with, no problem at all, if you can find it
Here's the outer timeline, by the way
That's one that's open, 877-785-Neil, 877-785-6345
People around the rest of the country are looking on all this stuff and we're going
Grap in their parts and wonder what is going on down there again
What's going on down there again again and again and again
Either the goddamn Cuban baseball team or it's the lowest band band or it's the goddamn Coast Guard or it's this poor little goddamn kid or it's some other hysterical crap always the same stuff
I'd like to know, besides the weather, which like I said the other day, generally speaking is pretty good most of the time
Especially compared to all the snow and freezing and rations off up north right now
Other than that and the hockey game tonight, what other positive things we got going on here
Name me 200 right now in the next five seconds, come on, let's go
Time's up
I mean, what's so great that's going on here
Sleep Market?
Yeah, right, the flea market, exactly, that's one of the, and the fact that the Saga-Ras Mills Mall, which do I ever go there?
No, almost never
The fact that that's the number two tourist destination in the state of Florida, what does that tell you about this place?
Here I'm on the first thing today talking about national airlines starts tomorrow, Miami to Vegas twice a day, every day of the week
Very inexpensive, great 757s
I shouldn't say great, but the bed at like 727
And we got to go to Vegas to have a good time out there in the middle of the desert, eight million miles away
What is it like, 2500 miles, 20, it's a long, freaking way
Almost 3000 miles, we got to go to have a good time
And then of course you can go to a Mississippi, no
And by the way, a message for the audience, don't ever waste your time, call me, tell me about how great it is in Baloxie
Am I going to Mississippi? No, you don't go to Mississippi
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale
There was a whole new about that, one of the couple tried it one time, wasn't a good idea, yes sir
Neil, what are your Cuban listeners here?
And I got to thank you because today's a great show, and I'm glad that you're really dispelling some of the ridiculous thoughts out there about some of the Cuban
The fact is that the majority of us, and I would say the greater majority of us aren't bears by everything that's happening
Right, that's what I've been trying to say, but where are all your lancemen? Where are the rest of the Cubans, those closet people, come out of the closet now
Well, I think that what happens is that there's a spot that we must all stick together because of the hits of our parents being thrown out
You know, it's just like the Jews, the Jews the same way
Oh, we don't want to eat, you know, if I talk about the Orthodox Jews, the other Jews, which is the majority, won't call it and respond
Well, we don't want to, you know, err our duty laundry in public
And I think exactly right, the bottom line is a situation that if it's going to be dealt with the court, let it be dealt in the court
So whatever the court decides, that's what we all have to look at
Let A-Leon be A-Leon
Correct, but it's just how to be A-Leon
It's really ridiculous what's happening, and you have individuals like a chute wall and the same groups of people that always have the same problem
The barb holders
Right, they always have to go to the streets and you have to wonder where are these people? Why don't they work?
Why can't they have lives that they can just take off hours and do this?
Why aren't they busy at the dentist getting root canals?
Exactly, so you know, you have a good gigantic population out there that, you know, we're trying to be good and be respectful of the sacrifices
Okay, I have a great day pal
His phone was crapin' out there, don't give me a look like that, it wasn't our phone for a change, it was his, we're not the only ones with crappy phones, but he was a good guy
Nice call on her, sir, God bless you
See, I've been doin' this for years, every time somebody calls, I make it a point to try like that bitch with her Kai Ocho stuff, which I made her fool out of her
Or she made a fool out of herself or both, and then the guy's been here 45 years, good, we'll give you a medal, okay?
He's been here 45 years
I've been here 24 years, and I'm not so proud of that
I'm embarrassed by it
Take the cheque though
Here's both, like I said
Wining jackass, whining, simple, and jackass
Who, by the way, I don't identify because he's van, he doesn't exist anymore
Just like the one on the facts machine, who also doesn't exist anymore?
Must be very, very frustrated
Too bad, go find your outfling, a famous somewhere else
Here's the mobile in North Miami, hello
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir
Nice to meet you, Sean, man
Yes it is
Like I always been listening for a long time
The only good thing about this situation is how corrupt this South Florida place is, man
Yes
It's incredible, it's very bad
What does that have to do with poor little Ilion?
The thing is that if you should listen to Spanish radio stations
I'm so sorry
And that's javio, man
And it's incredible, man
They go all kinds of theories
As far as I mean, they're just about
They cry out of the cross and put the kid picture in it
They said he's the messiah
Oh, the messiah
He's the messiah, the messiah
What are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what
are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are
you, what are you, what are you, what your doing, what is everyday life? What your doing, what are you, what is that everyday life? What are you, what are you. that everyday life? What are you, what are you doing. What your doing, what are you, what are you, what are you, what are you doing? What are you, what are you in here? What are you, what are you, what are you in here? What are you. What these are, what are you? What you, what you, what are you doing. What are you. What are you, what these are, what are you, what are you doing? What a great thing is written in this reading Lemme, what a great thing is written in it written in gay publishing books and why you read this reading? What a great thing is written in it, whatоже mixed into it? what a great thing is written in it or why you read it? So what are you, what Sister Dr.
That's right. He knows a little Miss Muffin. Don't you remember she was sitting with her
way in the third? He was the third part. Yeah, you've heard that's him. God, 600 pounds
of headsheets. And then Clarence comes in this morning and all proud of how those
promos come out that he had Josh Friedman go do them. Don't you understand the players
don't want to see Josh Friedman Clarence Mr. Assistant Program Director they don't want
to be anywhere near him. Ray Whitney said he got to get the nose plugs out to get anywhere
near Josh Friedman is what Ray told me. God. In fact, they said how about those promos
you did? He said they stuck. Yeah. I think he was talking about the promos so much but
about who done them. What a place. What a place. Yeah. If we could if we could just have
like pictures we could send off of the crew of Miss Fitz we have to represent this place.
Oh man. She makes me feel a lot better about myself. Here's a mobile in Forty-Wonemire
Coldsor mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Am I on the. Yes sir. It sounds just like
you. Hey listen, you know what really ticks me off. What is that? These damn politicians
that we pay about a quarter of a million dollars a year out of that save money. All the
things that we need in this country and they're screwing around with a damn bill to make
an infant a citizen without a without an adult. This is total ludicrous. I mean it's
these family public and I just don't know. And if you'd ever crash like Torres Stullian
a few of these other Patrick Kennedy. Yeah. And these other assholes and I have no
idea what that's all about. Even Gore. I mean. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's scared to say anything.
Just send a little kid back to his father. Everybody knows that's an international rule. That's
what they call family values. These asses that are talking about family values. Right.
And then they get up there in Congress and then we say we're going to legislate. It's
just like they're going to legislate the bedroom. They're going to legislate who owns
the kids who lives in another country for Christ's sake. Come on. Let's get with health care.
Let's get with a lot of better schools and things like that. That's what we hired you
guys. Amen. God bless you sir. Have a great day. See he makes sense but of course these
people are too busy pandering listen to people like him and me. Yeah. Just get with the
important business and stop sticking his nose in and bubble was absolutely correct when
he says he doesn't want any of this stuff going on and it's really tragic and the least
they should do is wait until the God then court until a hearing taste place with a judge
before they start sticking their ugly noses in there in addition to which he's probably
going to if they do pass something he'll be to it anyway. And he'll say no way Jose
and then these people on your own clean bill and clean bill and come on he's not coming
to the right see he's damned if he doesn't he keeps the guy damn embargo on does that satisfy
him. No. No. That's not good enough but if he doesn't do everything that they want come
on each to come on his to plus his Democrat anyway so there's the China man chance that
they're going to vote for him is there no plus I guess he ain't running again damn it. Oh yeah
I'd like to have him in there he sure is how beats they're hot of any other alternatives
we got to on the waiting in the wings now by a long shot by a long shot plus can you imagine
Al Gore getting ahead in the White House. Oh Jesus not even from that tipper bitch. Oh man
although she did have that little thing in her throat that's what she said. Twenty before one
at five sixty WQ I. M. The Panthers host the wet hot news jerseys levels in a final of division
leaders tonight. Oh yeah. The Panthers. The Panthers. The Panthers. The Panthers.
Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Well now. Don't you tell me to lie. I
loved that motherfucker big bad bad. The stuff I probably do. I can't deny. I hate her big
in Harry Potter. Yahoo. Who knew my presidential choice was quartered on you. Love a
motherfucker. I'm at Oldville's house. I rolled that boy sick. Will is now. Nicking out
with motherfucker. M. I. M. I. M. I. I couldn't have picked a fat or been both feeling
patriotic. I got my back. Oh. I'm old. I'm nearly choked. When she slept down in my
big fat will is that it just feels like a holy air. Hillary's man. I'm out of my
big fat. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm
normal. I'm normal. I'm not. I'm normal. I'm normal. I'm normal. I'm normal. I'm normal. I'm normal. I'm normal. He
and would build strength. What? What? What? What? What? What. What? What? What? What? He can transform that Corn. Yeah. And
I'm gonna be in the room and be my show.
I'm gonna be in the room and be my show.
I'm gonna be in the room and be my show.
I'm gonna be in the room and be my show.
Oh!
Stick it to the car with chance to step.
You're being dabbing back, yo.
Blackmailing wins.
What's up with the throwout?
I stained your dress.
Clean it.
The odds are you're combing it with red.
I got a little sticker that I'm ready to end it.
So I can't start doing linda trips.
Checking out the boogie's I'm ready to pop.
Or did everybody have that in my pants?
Word's court.
1246 is 560 WQM.
Here's the bulletin just over the fax spy report.
47th street and pine tree drive in Miami Beach is TV gridlock already.
Close to Miami Heart Institute.
Whenever a shame if anybody has an emergency,
he has to be rushed to the heart institute,
and we'll get blocked by any bunch of Ojan provocateur Goyamata
with bad teeth in the streets.
When in doubt, clear them out.
Keep them the hell out of there.
In fact, they should have already announced that.
That they are gonna like, you know,
put up a big road block around an area
like within so many hundred yards of the house
and they're stayed in hell away or else.
Here's the lady in plantation.
Hello.
Oh, hi.
Neil, I haven't talked to you in a while.
How are you?
Great.
You know, I really believe that when all is said and done,
this little boy isn't gonna remember any of this.
Yeah.
Because he's only six years old.
And I mean, how much do you remember when you were five going on six?
The only thing I remember was falling down one time on a sidewalk
on the back of our house and hitting my head.
Right.
You remember one main thing.
I still have that hole in my head.
And that's the only thing I remember from being five years old.
Exactly.
If anything, he'll think that he came to Miami for two months
and spent some time with some cousins that he never sees.
Yeah.
And some strangers.
Right.
And secondly, I mean,
I don't want everybody to get mad at me.
But I mean, I didn't float in an inner tube in the Atlantic Ocean for two days.
But quite honestly, I think this kid's a spoiled brat.
I mean, every time I see him on TV, he just looks like a brat to me.
Well, how do you know that?
I mean, you say that's what brought back to the way they're sitting here.
Well, he never seems to kind of shaking around.
Was he a spoiled brat when he came here?
Well, he might have been.
Well, how do you know?
Why would he get this and what's different?
Why are you making judgment about it?
You just got your saying he's only six years old.
And now you're getting out of here.
Go away.
You're bugging me.
Bitch.
No, sure.
What is she attacking a little kid for?
She starts out by saying he's only six.
He's not gonna remember this.
And now she's a spoiled little brat.
Well, he's only a spoiled little brat because they're making a little spoiled little brat
because they're using them for their own propaganda purposes.
So that's why they're taking them to Disney World and buying them puppies
and taking them to Kmart and buying them cameras and all this other crap.
And she's not gonna kid for that.
Christ almighty.
Everybody's got a, they're just like, oh, man.
Like assholes, opinions are like assholes.
Everybody's got one.
Who the hell gives a crap if he's a nice kid and evil kid?
The baby Jesus.
Let the damn proper authorities decide.
And then let's get on with our lives.
Like I'm gonna spend time worrying about is you a good kid, is you a bad kid, is he a, uh,
ever steal or freight train.
Here's the mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, how's it going?
Okay.
Yeah, this is quality with phone.
Any better here?
No.
All right.
Why did you call me before?
No, no.
I heard he had problems with his mother clothes.
Well, we do the best we can.
It's QAM.
It's Reed, D's, a lot of B's.
It's a bunch of assholes.
Yeah, I don't feel bad.
I, it's still a lot of them going around here.
So, uh, the way this stuff before you know what you can do now is that I, I had a gameplay
laid out.
I don't say I totally agree with it.
Being a team player, I always was.
I went to read that gameplay.
Because when I stepped into that green, that match was mine and when you lose on my own
with no outside interference.
Uh-huh.
Good.
Here's a candle.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A little sidebar here.
Uh-huh.
Earlier you had mentioned something about, you know, we got to stop labeling and stuff like that.
I've been saying that for 5,000 years, sir.
No, I know that, but I mentioned it again today.
I, I, I have no tolerance for people who deal in their lives like that.
Uh, the Cubans, D's and the Jews.
Uh, well, what kind of a person is that?
It's a moron.
It's an Archie bunker.
Well, here's the reason why I've brought up.
And you know something?
I've been all over the city.
I think that's one of the benefits in traveling around the world and finding all different kinds of people.
I've discovered something that my mother is about the only intelligent things she ever told me years ago.
People are people.
That's all.
There's good and bad in every group.
I need to deal with people as individuals, not part of some group.
In fact, I rather not know where you came from.
I don't care.
Well, here's the reason why I brought it up on Sunday.
Uh, in the Miami-Hero, uh, Ms. Gutierrez and a Steve Woffhouse.
Yes.
Um, are having a research and contest to see whether or not.
Now, of course, in these the only people in Livin' Day County.
I can see who likes the labeling of Hispanic or who likes labeling of Latino.
Yeah.
There you go.
Well, what does that mean?
In other words, I'm trying to find out how it's best to label these people when they write them up in the newspaper.
Well, nobody else lives here.
To label what people?
The Hispanics or Latinos.
Which ones do you like?
I don't, I don't use any labels.
Why don't I just get your sentence?
I know that.
I don't use any orders.
I don't care.
You know.
Pullio sounds good to me.
Pullio's.
That covers it all.
What a label.
See, I just get your expressing to him that I don't go well like labels and he's telling me now which one do you like better?
Jesus Christ and Esther, man.
You people are just like talking to a rock.
You're unwilling to change.
You're unwilling to examine your attitude.
You're unyielding, unbending.
Thank God for me.
That's all I can say.
I don't think I want to set myself up as like so much better than most everybody else but I will.
Well, sure, I just, like I said to you yesterday and you disagree with this because you're a professional little Cuban.
And what differences does it make where you came from?
What differences does the past make and the answer is none.
It doesn't, I didn't disagree with you.
I just called you a professional Jew.
Yeah, because I speak Yerush.
That's got nothing to do with the past.
And you call other people goyum and it's your culture and you're weird on your sleeve.
That, no, I don't wear it on my sleeve.
It's just my personality.
That's who I am.
I don't have any goddamn star David on the goddamn on my rear view mirror or bumper stickers in the back of the car with the fish.
I've seen it.
I do.
You're filthy fish.
You're right.
You can't, you don't understand the difference between being who you are and dwelling in the past and all this family tree.
I don't want to know for my family tree.
I'm sure that it will be embarrassed by it.
I don't want to know.
And it has no bearing on anything.
It's like Alex Hayley.
I can say it now because he's dead.
Yeah, I interviewed him a million years ago on KAT.
He was a nice enough guy and he made so a lot of money.
You know, mini series, the book.
Great.
Why do black people have to know their roots?
And an addition, especially for black people, who wants to know about all those accountables in the jungles of Africa?
But what's the benefit of knowing that?
There isn't any.
Christ.
Oh, sorry.
74.1, a QA.
As we continue rolling along, just doing my best to try to make some common sense.
I make a lot of sense to me.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That lady was dead wrong.
He is going to hold some baggage when he grows up.
Yeah.
You think he's going to forget it?
I don't know, sir.
I don't know.
I all I do is I feel sorry for him, but I don't know.
And I'm not going to spend one second of my time working about as he's going to forget it.
I mean, why are we even talking about that?
Hey, listen, I'm over here on business changing the subject.
Yes, sir.
And I thought I could get away from it over here.
Yeah.
No.
No.
Everybody's talking it over here.
In Fort Myers, of course, because we're on the air over there and we're spreading it.
Yeah.
This place, by the way, it's in the air.
You can headbell it.
Have you been over here?
No, I've been real fast.
Yeah, your idea.
I drive through there real quick.
Your idea is a good idea.
Once you're on 75th floor.
Right.
Because I'm telling you, you got the Confederate flags.
Right.
The pickup trucks.
Yeah, there's a big sign there.
It says, when in doubt, get there aloud as fast as you can.
I got an idea for Eliant.
See?
What do you think about him being adopted by Rector Howard?
Okay.
Funny.
We were just talking about that before.
I don't know.
We were talking about the cannibal lector.
Same difference.
Well, he, at least, learned about finger foods.
Open line on the out of town line.
877-785-6345.
How see Thomas Hall, by the way?
Anybody see him lately?
No.
He's living in Toronto.
We don't look so good anymore.
Pfft, screw him.
He's off the list.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You're happening now.
How you doing?
Okay.
I've been listening to you show for about six months.
I like it.
It's a format.
I like it, too.
Yeah.
And the show, too.
I like to help, I'm paying in.
Just one thing about this little Eliant thing.
What about that little Eliant?
Oh, man.
Eliant.
The dragon is through the dirt.
I come on today from work.
Yeah.
I sit on a flip on the news.
I don't know if the channels have it already.
Oh, my.
Kelly G.
Thank God I'm watching much music.
Yeah.
No.
Thank God for my satellite dish.
Yeah.
I mean, like in the Channel 7 they flash war updates between like every commercial.
Oh, my Kelly G.
Give it a rest.
You know, I mean, I say this.
If he had ten years on him, he'd have been one more ready.
Right.
You know, nobody would have cared.
Nobody had been anything.
Oh, he's 16.
His father wants him.
Right.
Put him in the back.
He's a six-year-old child and he treats him like God.
Because they can manipulate him.
If he was 16, he could speak for himself.
Because he's six.
I think I was going to go a little bit like that.
And of course, the relatives are making up stories.
He said this.
He said that.
He's the baby Jesus.
And everybody else is speaking for him.
I know.
I mean, am I honest with him?
And if I was the father?
I've been already picked up my child and gone home.
Yeah.
But a lot of people who are like somebody made an offer couldn't refuse.
Let me ask you this thing.
One one question.
Have you ever seen Rick St.
and the Antichrist together?
There you go.
Four minutes before 15670560, he's thinking about it.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Wake up with the first team.
Joe Rhodes, Jeff DeParis and Tee Goldstein.
We've been running to six only on sports radio for 60 QAM.
Oh!
LWD Rayman, my dad, the most modern dad.
But heads, it's a one to two hour.
I got all this goddamn money.
And I live in a free house.
I know my lips look kinda funny.
Like the ones on Caesar Romero's now.
But I never want a super bowl.
Should I stay or should I go?
I have an intimate affection.
For my Benny Dad's last collection.
Anything I want, I can afford it.
But I want my lips to stay distorted.
Should I stay to tie my ego, just call it Quintenzo.
I just might move back to Pittsburgh.
But only if they change the name to Litzburg.
No, those guys in sports talk radio.
The ones with the fecal ring around their nose.
They're saying everybody wants to know.
We like tape or we like gold.
And didn't the relapse play for Pittsburgh?
How do you like that?
By the way, Danny will announce his retirement in a couple of weeks.
You can take that to the bank.
Here's the facts WFOR, CBS4, just flashed a crawl during the young and a restless.
The guiding light and the upper win free show will not be seen today.
The special coverage of the fight for Aliah.
Those are fighting words.
I don't care about that bitch, upper win free.
Guiding light will not be seen today.
Which means I'll have to find it someplace else on a satellite.
Which I will find it by the way.
Will I be watching Channel 4?
No.
You see I'm going to tell you something.
You assholes a channel for including Ali and Rodriguez.
Now you have a scumbags over to Channel 4.
If you start messing with a guiding light, you start and piss a lot of people off.
That's an important part of our lives.
And believe me, it's hard to find a life when you live here in South Florida.
Some of us have been watching that for five, six hundred years since Papa Bar was an infant.
They got a preamp tool and of course then at five o'clock after from that three to five.
And a five we go into the five o'clock newscast.
So we're talking about an afternoon cluster fork of this crap that's going to go on for hours and hours.
And you think I'm just making it up that they're inundating and drowning us with this crap in a sea of alien.
I think we need to go down there and rub a raft of his hands made.
We're drowning over here in a sea of swill.
In addition to which what are they going to do about this?
What's there to report?
The thing is going on inside.
They're not going to let any cameras inside.
There's not going to be any intruders inside.
They're not going to be inside that gate.
So what are they going to be doing?
Standing outside going.
Talking of the same assholes again.
They've been talking to you every day.
Joe Jose Basuto and Lincoln Diaz Ballard.
And Armando Gutiérrez in this one and that one.
Yliana Rosanna Dana.
467 and 10.
There was a special place in hell for you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
Well, I'm a Cuban American and sick and tired of this alien thing.
I think that these want to be politicians and these politicians should waste all their key on our kids here.
We have kids that are going into schools that are 40 in a class and 40 in a class that we need money for.
No tech books to take home.
Exactly.
And we have kids that are dying in our hospitals of certain illnesses.
Right.
Have no one going out of their way, going to Congress, going to the White House, going down to a telehousing to fight for their needs.
No, nobody's planning their parents about on a Lerge etcher, the grandparents, so that we can save their lives or take care of their needs.
Right.
Exactly.
So we have this kid and unfortunately, you know, he went through some bad times and yes, you know, he's a miracle.
He survived the rough waters but bottom line, he's going home.
And we know one else is going to do anything about it.
So let's, once again, like I said, let's put our efforts into the kids here and our people here and pray everybody.
And like they said, a Quixote was the lovely parting gift for him.
You got it.
Have a great day.
Love it.
Yeah, what's wrong with it? We got some nice parting gifts for you.
We'll see you early on.
Have a great life.
We'll be reading about you in the funny papers.
You can keep the camera.
Keep the brownie camera, right?
The brownie.
The brownie-hound.
Is that dog now because you've got a brownie camera? Is that makes the dog a brownie-hound?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
I mean, let's get on with it.
Okay.
There's this town.
You're a bunch of prisoners.
I'm tired of being a god damn prisoner.
I feel like the prisoner of Yentos and something.
Let us free.
Where do ones that you're being?
Liberatda.
Liberatda.
Give us some freedom from this crap already.
Stop holding us hostage to the hysterics and the antics of a couple hundred crazy ill-tuth people.
Wonder how old toothless is doing by the way out of the truck.
Anybody see him lately?
No.
Here's Loxahatchee. Hello.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Very well, sir.
I don't want to say I'm a American Cuban living up in Loxahatchee.
Is my truck in my redneck flag on the back of it?
Yes.
And even my father being an older man from the, from before Castro era.
Excuse me?
Batista?
Yeah, he says, well, you know, well, I never not get into that.
Okay, let's not have any.
Okay.
But he says that it, you know, it's sad because the only one that, you know, is hurt here is a child.
And no one gives a crap anymore.
It's all politics, you know, away.
And earlier, you had a guy that called in and saying that the Spanish stations were hysterical.
Well, at that moment, I just happened.
I said, well, let me go see what they sound like.
And there was a guy reporting that the church down there is charged the news.
He's truck 500 bucks a pop.
The parts here.
You know, you heard that.
I thought somebody was making the notes.
He heard that.
That's true.
How do you like that?
Oh, wow.
How do you say that?
I can't do half of the hours.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
God bless you, Sharon.
Thank you for your show.
And back to you.
Yeah, the charge.
Hey, well, why the hell not?
They learned that trick at the orange pool, like I said yesterday.
Soak in people in armor leg, bleeding them through the nose to park on their front lawn.
Why not the soak in armor leg?
Especially the media, 46, 7 and 10.
If it's 46, 7 and 10, charge them 10 times a charge them five grand an hour to park
there and block out the goddamn public.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I just like to make a couple of comments.
The Cuban community right now wants to waffle on this issue saying that,
well, they don't agree with what the Cuban community is doing right now.
It's fine.
But what am I willing to do?
Wait, the Cuban community wants to waffle saying they don't agree with what the Cuban...
See, first of all, the whole premise is there is no such thing as the Cuban community.
There's no such thing.
My point is this, Neil.
Yeah.
That it's very easy for them now to say, oh, we don't believe in what's going on and blah, blah, blah.
In fact, they do believe what's going on.
Right now, they're getting bad publicity, so now they don't believe in it from...
How do you know that?
Are you a mind reader?
I'll look at the Cuban people who are going in.
What is it?
But the point is...
No, no, no.
Don't try to run right along after you make a comment of generalization like that.
How do you know what the...
What you call the Cuban community, they all feel that way.
How do you know that?
Well, Neil, try to get a job in this city.
But what does that have to do with what we're talking about now?
Because I think that they all believe the same rhetoric.
You're okay, great.
All you Cubans are the same.
You get that?
Got it?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
God is this...
How is it possible?
I've asked this a million times for so many dodo birds to be in one place at the same time.
How is it possible?
It's a miracle.
They all think this and they all think that and try to get a job.
They now let's start bringing all the other reasons that you resent the so-called Cuban community.
There's no such thing as the Cuban community, the black community, the gay community,
the straight community, the Jewish community.
There's no such thing.
Those are cliches.
People have their own individual thoughts, they're not all automotons, they're not all sheep
like these two or three hundred or the eight or nine hundred that go out there and march in the streets.
And like somebody said before, probably most of them getting paid to do it.
All right.
Do I sound like I'm getting a little frustrated with a lot of these people?
Huh?
Because I am.
I'm disgusted.
Revolved.
The sports leader, the sports radio, five sixty, QA.
All right.
This is Sonny Fox and I listen to the O'Rodges because I can hear the word asshole.
Are you?
Just go away, we're all fed up.
And the young and tall is why don't you go home?
And the young and tall is go home and leave us all alone.
Thank you, Lucy.
I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for free toys better.
You've got your Pokemon, D-shirt.
Enter the key, I'll see yours.
You've had your fun.
Now start packing.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can't stand it.
Everybody's hiding up.
Up on the Julio's cracker.
Who put the dust in the bar and down?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, young and tall.
Yes.
Why don't you go home?
Why don't you go home?
Yeah, they're young and tall.
Let's go home and leave us all alone.
Oh, look, they're giving away free arsenates green cards.
Can I have one?
I'm tired of this one.
I'm tired of this one.
Maybe that was really good.
It was a demonstration of the backyard of the other night looking and putting up on these guys.
The plane, the plane, I think that's what he was really saying, wasn't it?
150 to 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This thing is driving the crazy now.
This little boy came here and they're making a big to do out of nothing.
They're making a big cynicism out of it, yeah.
Yeah, now, if I, I'm ashamed to think I'm American when Russia's looking at us as a super power
and we can't make a decision to send like a little boy back to his home country.
You know, he's like, they hold him hostage over there.
What were your, regardless of what decision we make, but just make it.
In other words, get off the pot.
There's no more information.
They already interviewed the father, the grandmother, the uncles, the great uncles, the barber,
the tailor, the candlestick maker.
They interviewed everybody.
Now just do it and let's get on with life.
That's all.
I don't care what they decide.
Just do it.
567, just because that was cool yesterday.
I mean, I was going to let it cool today.
No.
No.
Well, it's been in yesterday, but we can't say bullshit too many times.
I get all.
And see, that's another thing.
Leave it at that.
Leave it at that.
If we say just the wrong word on here, if we just fart in its wrong flavor, the government's going to come in here.
But I'm going to be, but I'm going to be, but I'm going to be, but I'm going to be fine.
You all this other crap.
That's the kind of freedom you got in this country.
Freedom is a state of mind.
Don't be giving me a son that's about freedom.
Talk to all the goddamn people in jail behind bars for growing the wrong plants in their backyard,
or having a goddamn pin-joint in their ass tray.
Freedom, my fat, big, pimpley ass.
Pregton.
Pregton.
Police state.
It's a goddamn police state.
Just a matter of degree.
That's all.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The answer to the question about what are they going to cover this afternoon, which you're probably going to see is,
they're going to be covering it like a OJ Simpson Bronco trim.
Anyway, is he leaving from the house and then going down the highway?
You have four helicopters up in the air all watching.
Absolutely.
You know, I mean, it's unbelievable.
You know, the paper today had a lot of interesting articles in it, even though it's a rag anyway.
But you know, the one little article that they're not covering very much except for a little tiny article here,
and there was about this scandal that's going on.
What's the one every place, the generator, Fernandez Rundle's office, the state's attorney's office?
Yeah.
About the woman that's soon heard?
Right.
I read that.
Yeah.
How about that?
I like it.
Booze and rock and roll.
It was super ants.
That's what I say.
And then, and the lawyer for us says, well, everything that's been said, even if there's a gag order,
they're trying to get a gag order.
They're gagging on it already.
Yeah, they're gagging on it already.
You know, they're trying to get a gag order because the lawyer says, well, everything that the other woman claims is not everything that she says is true.
Which I get that means that it's most of it.
Just most of it, right?
It's the worst part.
Okay, you're lucky to watch, pal.
Right.
Okay, see you on the banana boat.
Yeah, let's all hop out of the banana boat.
Get out of here.
Let's leave it all to them.
I have a bad idea when you come right down to it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, yeah, here.
You want this town so much?
It's all year as we're going to someplace for real.
We're getting on a goddamn plane to go to Amsterdam.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I want to get those a punks offended, like that one I called you.
They're like, oh, yeah, one day was too much.
I went to Switzerland.
Yeah, he was probably, he was probably looking for the goddamn gold nuggets from the Jews teeth from the war.
That's what he was looking for in Switzerland.
Barbarian.
Spites.
What was it?
Spites or sparts?
Is that what he said?
Here's the mobile and pompano.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, we all know what you want to gag on, correct?
And listen.
Where's the great aim material?
I don't even know what the least said.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, keep waving that flag.
A flag of yours, okay, pal.
Someday Jefferson Davis will make it come back.
Here's the four Myers.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Glad you're feeling better.
Feeling great.
Hey, listen, I'm a little prefessed this call by Sam and I'm an American.
But my mother was born in Cuba, so.
But the problem with-
Well, I was happy with the price of a rice pilaf though, right?
I have nothing to do with it real quick.
So the problem that you guys are having on there is that everybody's Cuban, Cubanist, Cuban Ab, but I've had about a big-
Oh, Americans, right?
So I mean, they're here in America.
They should take pride in America.
And lastly, I want to say that's the American reason down there and bring the flag with you.
That's a new one.
With all the respect to our friends listening on 770 on the West Coast, like I always say after a call like that,
the greatest part of it is in spite of Ilyan and hysterical people and all the other things that we endure.
The best part of it is we're here and you're over there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
877, 785, 6345.
All the good old boys coming out the water right now.
I ride.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Mobile in Hylia.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to make a comment about this oilian thing.
I think you should send that kid back.
He has a family in Cuba that loves him.
Right.
And any other one of these cubas out here that's protesting the United States, you know, he should send all their asses back to him.
Okay.
Because the whole field is, you know, maybe just send him back.
Well, even on a jet plane, 530 is after noon, pal. That's what I just heard.
So I just made up 5, 670, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
877, 785, 6345.
How about that National Las Vegas Airlines?
Yeah.
There's something positive going on.
Like I said right at the beginning of the show this morning, starting tomorrow, Miami to Vegas.
Two flights daily, non-stop between Miami and Vegas.
Chance for people who appreciate the better things in life to spend a few bucks and something good and have a great time.
And you know something, like I told you, last weekend when I was in Vegas.
Were they talking about this crap?
No.
Didn't hear one word about it.
Didn't think about it, didn't talk about it, didn't read about it, didn't know about it.
Had a great time.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
One time, I was listening to her here.
We're too sick and try to do this early and deal with it.
I just got the cable at home.
Good.
Now it's a lot better now.
I have more time in the time.
You know, a daughter is not attached to the TVL day and the...
It's awesome.
No TV at home.
Good.
Excellent.
Isn't that?
Isn't that something?
That is something.
Okay, I have a great life now.
Get off the cards and the parchesie.
Monopoly game.
Drugs.
567-0560-0505-60-100-18T wireless line.
Get off the ball.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello?
Yeah, I knew.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to make a quick comment and I'll get out of your hair.
Go right ahead.
Okay.
I'm a Cuban American.
One of the lucky ones that was snatched away when I was one year old.
I'm a one year old.
See?
I'm a one thing that bothered me.
I'm a long time listener and I agree with most of the things you say.
I know that you're a fair person and putting on a show.
One thing that bothered me as far as with the father and the grandmother is in this case.
I haven't heard one.
This hit me the other day.
I haven't heard any of them say yet.
Thank you to the two Americans that have saved the rest of you.
You do little boy.
I haven't heard them say thanks.
I don't know.
I think that would be a natural thing to say.
I don't get you afraid of whoever will remember you.
I think you're wrong.
I didn't really address him personally but I don't think that's true because I think when the grandmother said that press conference
with that goofball from the National Council of Churches the other day, I think that she did make some reference to that about how
maybe I'm wrong but it seemed to me something was said about how grateful they are that he would say it said or and so on.
And by the same token, how come not too many people are talking about how irresponsible the mother was of putting him on some little banana
about a 60 year old kid who had no control over his own faith and risking his life and if those fishermen wouldn't have found him, he'd be just as dead as she is.
I know she must have been pretty desperate.
But when we're not stupid.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Only 25% of the raptors make it so that the hell of a chance are taken.
But anyway, one last thing and I think that this country has allowed us and other groups to come in here.
And I think most Cuban Americans and most people that come here are very grateful for that.
But last thing, the only one that's going to suffer is that Leon unfortunately no matter what happens, Tom and so forth.
And the only one that's going to win, my prediction meal, is that castle is going to win again as usual.
And I said yesterday he's going to know lose position.
If the kid goes back, they're going to have a big ticket to parade. He's going to have a big celebration.
And if he stays here, then it's more a propaganda against the US, we're kidnappers.
He can lose.
Thank God you're on the air because you're the only person that has the, you know, what to say like it is.
Whether I agree on time, I just because I really like people that agree with me.
I'm not very good at doing it when people don't agree with my opinion.
I hate when that happens.
I have a great thing about God bless you.
I'll be very good.
And there you go.
Thank God for being on here.
Tell it like it is like I always do whether it's popular or not.
I don't give a crap.
I don't give a fly in Schmidt.
Because it's just some of these things are just common sense.
And of course, there's much common sense in politics in this town in this country.
No.
In the Congress.
No.
In the courts.
No.
Just do the right thing.
That's all.
Get the information like you would with anybody else.
Get the information.
The interview.
This one, the interview with that one.
You go to the court.
If you want to do it in the court, find let this judge who will get off his old hairy ass
and make a decision.
And let's go ahead and do it.
Just do it.
We'll live with it.
And like I've told you a billion times, one way or the other, this kid is going to be like a superstar.
He's got it made now if he, you know, he keeps his head together, which is unlikely.
But if they finally get his head on shrink, he's going to be a superstar.
CBS is already signed for the mini series over here.
They're waiting with the ticket tape parade over there.
I got a newsroom.
I got a better idea.
Full of school mall.
Send them to Italy.
Yeah, send them to the road to the Pope.
Well, not to the Pope, maybe.
We want to keep you early on safe.
Yeah, send them to Switzerland.
There you go.
They're neutral.
Maybe you'll find that there's here some of that gold with them too.
26 after 1 and 5.
Yeah, seriously.
That would be great.
Just school mall.
Okay, full everybody.
Guess what?
We got a whole new family for him.
He's going someplace else and we're not telling you where.
How do you like that?
See you guys.
Just leading their holding their goddamn callostomy bags, squeezing them.
Get some teeth, please.
You people don't get some teeth.
Tease the hammer.
Tease.
Hank Goldberg.
And Brown is in the house.
Are you comfortable with your situation with the Raiders now?
Well, I'm going to do a free agent, Hank.
And, you know, so I'm going to have to make a decision here and make a couple of weeks about what I'm going to do.
I can't really say that I'm going to go back, you know.
I'm going to definitely make my seven free agents see what's out there.
And if the best thing for me is to go back with the rating, that's what I'm going to do.
It's never a drag with the ads.
Hey, look at weekdays and two.
On Sports Radio 560 Q-A-A-O.
What the freaking crap is running, Ron?
From the makers of G-Your-Hare Smell-Streeping comes a new shampoo for the four-legged member of your family.
Your beloved dog.
It's new.
G-Your-Buts-Mell-Streeping.
Give your best a fresh clean scent.
His neighborhood friends will appreciate it.
G-Your-Buts-Mell-Streeping is the only all-natural dog shampoo with just a hint of them.
For that fresh clean butt-and-a-dog, we'll appreciate it.
So the next time dogs come in, if you're around your neighborhood, make sure your dog makes a good first impression.
G-Your-Dog with G-Your-Buts-Mell-Streeping.
Okay.
Okay, the store's newbie.
Thank you.
131 at 560 W.2.
Hank is coming up from Atlanta.
The site of the Super World.
We got the big Panther Jersey games tonight.
Anybody going to be there?
No.
Dan, Dan you people.
Cheek bastards.
Here is the West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Nito.
Yes, sir.
The thing I can't figure out about this is why it's so beyond the understanding of the Cubans in Miami that the father could actually want this kid back.
It actually loves this kid of one of them.
Why don't you say, it's beyond the understanding of the Cubans in Miami.
Why don't you say that?
No, I don't mean, you know, I'm talking about the specificity of the baby.
The 800 professional agitators who are already out there.
Yeah, I understand that.
Are you on the fingers?
Yeah, it's tough to have to qualify every single statement.
But I'm talking about specifically.
Oh, but you just said the Cubans in Miami.
I mean, it's all the 900,000 people.
Well, now I'm telling you what I meant by that.
Okay.
Okay.
This is what I mean.
Those specific ones in Miami.
Why is it beyond the understanding that this kid could have a father and grandparents who actually want him back without being kind of government manipulation?
Well, I'll show you how obnoxious these protesters are.
Some of them were saying, oh, they want to add, they were outside the house because they wanted to see the grandmothers arrive.
And their reaction when they saw Ali on for the first time, because they wanted to see if they really care about him.
As if grandmothers from a communist country don't love their grandchildren.
What kind of an obnoxious attitude is that?
That's the point I'm trying to make.
And another thing, the last guy who calls you the one, you know, if he could read between the suction, you know, because he was sucking it pretty good.
But if he could read between them, he was talking about how the well the grandmothers and the father you heard.
And there's no thanks for them about the people who saved them.
Yeah, drag them out of the water.
How does he know what they're heard?
They're looking for any possible way, anything they can.
A very reasonable person and I respect what he had to say.
And the meantime, as far as you're concerned, you're back to that day again.
They this day that I don't deal on that level.
If that's the level you deal, don't even waste your time calling me anymore, okay?
Anybody out there?
Don't waste your time because that's all you'll be doing is wasting your time.
I won't listen to it.
I'll listen to any opinion, if any opinion, even if it's invalid.
But I'm not going to listen to people who want to deal in this world of they this and they that I can't live my life that way.
It's stupid.
It's stupid. It's idiotic. It's pathetic.
Like I said, it's stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, he started like when I caught him on it, he started like backtracking a little bit when I don't really mean all of them.
And then he starts again with the same thing.
Don't you understand that individual people speak as individual people, not as professional humans, not as professional Jews, not as professional goyem?
Usually. I mean, there are some people who follow those categories, but not most.
And I don't have any place in my life for those people, for the professional, what I'm filled in the blank, professional.
Here's a mobile in deer field. Hello.
Let's start with our, let's say a US vote, thank you, I think, before you're in Cuba.
The US kid washed up on their shores.
And then believing in their political standard that, you know, our government is so good and he's better off staying in Cuba.
What do you think our government would do?
They'd be over there with the military and everything else trying to get our child back.
Yeah.
But yet it doesn't work the other way.
The other way, no, we should hold on to the kid.
And it's all right.
I mean, it seems like, you know, what's good for one should be good for all side.
Yeah, he's there. Some people who think that he's been kidnapped now for 57 days and I'm thinking they have a point.
I guess there's nobody bring that that.
Remember what happened when they had the hostages in Iran?
Remember Jimmy Carter set the guys over in the desert and worked out too well, but we didn't sit back and put up with it.
And have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T. What? What?
Maybe you better send them back. Maybe we're going to have to have a better sense of helicopters in there.
And to Miami Beach this afternoon, that compound and whisk him away. Get in the hell out of there before it's too late.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's KCX's kid here.
I just want to point out the fact that the kid was caught off.
By the way, can we borrow some of your equipment someday?
You might need it the way the station says.
Yeah, we need it bad anyway. Go ahead.
I just want to point out correctly if I'm wrong, but the kid was found off of a floor of the shore.
Therefore he was found in the water and by law he's got to be sent back either way.
Yeah, well, it's very tricky because he wasn't intercepted by the Coast Guard.
I mean, the fisherman brought him and he got his feet on his toes on the ground.
So that's up in the air that part of it.
So that's the one exception that they're ruling on then?
Well, I don't think the ruling has anything to do with that.
The ruling strictly is who's got the authority to speak for him.
The reason he's not going to work is he belonged.
That's the thing he's told on the shore or not because he did.
And another thing.
I mean, he actually got into K-Mart and Disney World, so he's almost a little bit American already.
Exactly. Why would the kid want to leave with what he's done in the past couple months?
He's gone to Disney World and he's gotten all these toys donated to him.
I wouldn't want to leave.
All right, thanks for your time.
Okay, pal, hang on tight.
Yeah, everybody hang on tight. It's going to be a wild ride this afternoon.
All afternoon, you're going to be seeing on TV.
4, 6, 7, 10.
Let me say it. Go to hell again.
Preempting guiding light.
You know something? There have been wars fought over less important things than that.
Preempting the effing guiding light on CBS.
And you wonder why people are so desperate for their out of town network affiliates
that you folks here in town do everything you're power to try to prevent us from getting.
And thank goodness now we can get them back again.
By hook or by crook.
Because you keep doing this to us.
I mean, people have their TV sets.
We have a right to watch whatever programming we want.
Not the kind of repetitive swill that you people at you assholes want to keep putting on there.
And because like I said the other day, and this is the truth, the media and America,
they're going to decide what you should be watching.
What's important and what you should care about.
Even if you don't give a flying crap about it.
Oh, no, this is important.
Is it important?
No.
No, not in the least bit.
It's important only to the kid and his relatives to anybody else.
No, it's just like Baba and his blow jobs.
Was that anybody else's business?
No.
No, only him and his family.
Period.
Not anybody else's business.
Yeah, but we don't understand that.
22B4, 2 at 560 WQM.
This is Fred Heddington.
And you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan.
Neo Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Oh!
Say...
All right.
The day, like this is the same.
Like the sea's but the sea's the same.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Weная.
We invalid video instrumental episodes.
Sorry!
I'm not looking at theiiiiiiixggg.
We're free.
Hey!
Hey.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
American here, but my parents are Cuban.
Right.
The name in 1968.
I'm certainly grateful to have been born here.
And my parents are certainly grateful for all this country's
done for them.
What really upset me, regardless of your stance on this,
and I know you've said you can make a case for either side,
and I totally agree, what really upset me
is that a lot of these toothless people about what you speak,
are the ones that at every opportunity, everything was better
in Cuba.
The education is better in Cuba.
Your craft smells better in Cuba.
I mean, you name it.
Everything's better in Cuba.
It's upset me.
Yeah, I bet you their teeth were better in Cuba too.
Oh, yeah.
Because the sugar is better in Cuba.
Right, that's right.
Yeah, everything was better in Cuba.
And it's the exact same people that are in front of this house
protesting for you.
Yeah, that's all you need to talk.
That's what really upsets me.
And someone teach Marty's Lacey's to speak English,
please, click.
OK.
Can I make a sandwich request?
Can I make a sandwich for my auntie?
For what?
For my boyfriend and my auntie?
Go ahead.
The N-Yam song.
The one that makes the parody of the Elton John Lee one song.
OK.
OK, thank you.
See you.
Which one is that, Joe?
Ellie.
I know.
Who's that?
This is Helen Chenowith.
Thank you for helping me in my historic case against Bill Clinton.
Well, what is this?
Why would any person in its right mind?
Who sent me this?
Oh, obviously, nobody turned it right.
Why would anybody with an IQ of over three?
Somebody this swill, this is a smarmer.
Emergency executive order to petition the US Supreme Court
to get out of it.
What is right wing in hysteria?
God, how much posted is on that thing?
Look at this.
15, 35, 55 cents.
Postage on that thing.
People are starving to death.
This is the same whoever said this is the same asshole.
If there was a homeless person starving on a guy damn street
wouldn't give him two quarters, two nickels to rub together.
Oh, me sure.
He has the 50 cents to send me something that goes right in the old
Schmidt can.
What is wrong with you people?
It's like the people from the goddamn libertarian party won't stop
vaccinating with their crap.
We hate the libertarian party.
We want to hear your crap.
Stop wasting our facts, facts, facts.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just, young man, I just want to give you a comment on a quick.
I was over at that little kids' house yesterday.
And I was wondering if anybody's getting any consideration to the
families that live in that neighborhood.
What do you mean you're over at the house?
What were you doing playing part easy?
I mean, what were you doing there?
No, we just drove by to see the nonsense.
You know, because it was fucking traffic.
It was fucking traffic.
I was wondering if anybody's considered these families that have to live in front of that house.
How about the families who live by Rosa Lopez on the 13th of every month?
Yeah.
How about these, you're right.
How about the poor bastards who live in that block?
Well, at least we're moving it over to the beach now.
The thing is, there's a school around the corner from that little kids' house.
Right.
And the police have blocked traffic to the point that like everybody's going around the school.
So it's really causing like more traffic to pass by the school, which is the end of those kids that go to that school.
So this is really a bunch of inconsiderate bags.
Get those two fullest bastards out of there, man.
Let them have a meal.
All right.
5.6.7.
See you're a person because he was sightseeing.
He's just curious.
Okay, just curious.
That's what most of the guys say.
5.6.7.05.60, 05.5.60 on 8D and T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Neal, that bussuto really gets me crazy, man.
He's needed to guide the city's buddy pilots down there and told him,
just go fly by.
You'll be fine.
Nothing will happen to you.
Yeah, just do a fly by, right?
Why didn't he get shot down that all the time?
He's kind of a fly by night if he asked me.
5.6.7.05.60, 05.5.60 on the 182 wireless line.
Brothers to the rescue, voiceouts in the Everglades, all these other self-bud design,
the self-styled, whatever the hell they are.
And the local media here just, they just can't get enough of that.
They're just sucking up to these people.
Michael Putney, I guess you don't realize it, Mike.
You make it a real fool out of yourself.
You're making a jackass.
I mean, here's one guy.
A little bit of credibility.
Pretty boring, but a good guy.
And you're making a jackass out of yourself.
He let Thomas Regolato make a clown, a circus clown out of me yesterday,
right there on TV.
So anyway, Todd's tongue in who?
You think that does Don?
No.
Here's Poppano. Hello.
Oh.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Neal.
Neal.
One more time, sir.
Yes.
It's the Sam Sancio.
They got an ex-eat found, you'll ink a golf in the water.
Yes.
They got an urban in the water and saved them.
They swung back to the boat, candy them over.
The other guy, binado, that they're all printing around,
the little guy with the flag down in Miami.
Right.
He's a passenger in the boat.
That's all he was.
The one I was screaming about, Jesus and Chris and Jesus.
That's all that Jesus, Jesus, first, and then he puts himself first.
I'm the one who told, I had to leave this guy.
Well, how come I've always been talking to you?
I haven't got a phone call from the Cuban community yet.
And Barrett, let me tell you something.
I'm in Barrett's way.
At least, I did what I had to do.
I saved that child's life.
The rest is up to the government.
It's not a few people down in Miami, trancein' around in the streets and shit like that.
I wouldn't go down there.
I'd be embarrassed to go down there.
But I mean, you would think that they would say, hey, thank you, Mr. Sancio, for saving this little boy's life.
They haven't even called me up to tell me to go pick my head up my own ass.
They haven't called me up to even tell me that.
Tell me something.
Tell me something, please.
Tell me to go down Salt Rock.
You know, go, go, but, you know,
just earlier, you got a caller just now saying that they, they, they, they, they banked out the two fishermen.
They haven't even asked me one time to come down to that house.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's very nice.
We, uh, we thank you.
Yeah, I do.
Okay, hang in there, Carl.
You got it.
How do you like that?
Here's the guy that actually did the job.
And does anybody care about him?
No.
Oh, and his other guy's down there, hockin' and chine, we're all good Christians.
We got to pray together, but it'd be pitiful and make it a big grand stand out of it.
Did not know.
Yeah, part for the course.
Oh, boy, I'm telling you,
ten, four, two, five, six,
fifty, double to Q.A.M.
