Oh, my baby tonight, we could do something odd, and you can rest your body, wrap it on my baby blue.
It'll be a delight, and I don't care how much you weigh. You can relax and say, are they?
Because I'm enjoying the view. Just like a diver under the ocean, sometimes I just talk to kids around.
Oh, but sit back and enjoy the food and ocean. Just imagine to yourself that my children's arrived to chair.
Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face.
Refere legs are real tight. Like you're riding in the rodeo, so I can't hear the radio, and I'll show my gratitude.
We can do it all night, but maybe you could turn around, and you could work your way on down. And zip my flyway down into wherever you choose.
Just like a diver under the ocean, sometimes I find it hard to get somewhere. Oh, but sit back and enjoy the food and ocean.
Just imagine to yourself that my children's arrived to chair. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face.
Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face
Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face. Just sit on my face.
okay she's gonna have her purse under again i can't have it i'd rather go back to
cnbc and watch that we're losing all our money
and unbelievable precipitous drop in the markets today just out of nowhere
i'm sure b's is under that now
we don't have one that's as eat yet
but we're working on it
let's take a look and see just how bad it is okay the nashdack is down three
other than thirteen points and that was down seventy now it's coming back
again
you think it's gonna make you come back
who the hell no
well it i reached a support level i went through a crucial support level
of forty four hundred these guys get on their own talk more pure on a
double-rated craft they haven't got any idea what they're talking about they
talk mumbo jumbo double talk and they have a they know what they're talking
about
and i think that article in business week was absolutely correct this is
dangerous this is like driving a american public crazy
with his twenty four hour hysteria yet that's what we need let's have twenty
four hour training they're getting close to with now
round o'clock we can have people blowing air
and get in broker and broker
oh my god meris lacey is puts on a phenomenal overracting routine even on
guiding light they'd be impressed with that one
maybe the fine meris lacey is hiding in there with dannie and uh... what's your
name
what's your name michelle
here's the lady in pepper pine hello
yes man
uh...
this is a common that i have a reference to a lot of quality receipt
the only native american for the indian
for everybody to go back to the on
native land
and that is for the gator
so we're doing the same thing that you guys do two hundred years ago
what what is that
taking a
status
that's a lot of status sounds like he's speaking was to me
i do so what are you talking about
that's what i'm saying
okay i'll come outcome those people that have been here forty years are
speaking english
because i can't
because what
they can all
they came all
well if they're seventy five eighty now that they were thirty five
all
they were
if they were eighty one
and i think you can't talk to these people
i'm just having a conversation with you and as soon as i say something
she can't respond to
if they're seventy five now and i came here forty years ago they were thirty
five but i came here is that old
but it is not
you just want to make excuses man you're obnoxious
you're disgusting you nauseate me
and stop what he's all bubble my season about the indians this in the uh...
bill bill romrock it's a croc not rock it's a croc
well look at that the next down under three hundred now
we're so much better
only gonna lose fifty grand today
don't we feel better now
uh... yeah
see this is the way it goes when you only lose ten twenty thirty grand is
supposed to be and one day
you feel i better than all my god it could have been a hundred grand course
it's early yet we got four hours to go
four hours of
smitten our pants
so we're sitting back with baited breath but it's a lot of bad breath out
there baited breath waiting for this thing to fly with a market waiting for
that plane to fly with the daddy on it
and maybe with that on to rise he's coming with and i'll tell you one thing if
he comes with an entourage
he better not have that record a lot of corn with them on there
from the cuban national foundation is that what he's from
whatever the hell is from
what a castor's henchman no obvious so obvious why they want to send him
to keep an eye out there a lot of eyes out these days i'll tell you that
make sure that the daddy don't all of a sudden get no ideas about the shop
in a came art and get the like it here
all of a sudden get in the car with the st. Hopman winding up shopping for
underwear and Cincinnati which is too far away from their comfort
came up sucks
yeah that's right shut up
here's the here's the hundreds of online
next thing you're gonna say the phone sucks okay i know where you're going
you're not fooling me
oh look at that look at
282 we're making a big comeback here
and i think all these headlines and they're in this one says this and that
one says the best comment was
yeah from something that just jumped
somebody in New York just jumped from the world trade center that's what they
said on the way down i can't take it anymore
here's a call from tell a hasi hello
and you'll yes sir i've been listening to you for years and i've always said
you've had the best show in the worst with you and that's correct i cannot take
what's going on people calling in let me tell you that i'm native American and
i think the kids should go back yeah
pay-o-d native American right i've got a request for you
wow how has he can you play monster hash for all those gator fans who bend
over like sheep from Michigan state no god no habit
i don't have any more now
can you play somewhere on those ones for okay
please okay back to you and have a give them some prep age
uh... okay see you
yeah the gators that they have a chance of that was the only work of a sweat
about something like that game
Spartans were head by twenty with about four and a half year and you notice
when i got to about
two and a half they weren't even following in last two minutes they could have
to about fourteen fifteen whatever was
and they're not even following like okay what we give up you know
which at least got over crap early they don't want to extend the pain i guess
nice going air Spartans baby
they're still digging out the bottom of the red sheet of rock that line in fifteen
inches fifteen feet of rubber fifteen yards
all nice come back that i was only thirty six years bob façade on air sand
but it will but about but he uh... he looks good on it looks like he even
after this got a little by
Q amp
order
decent
by
there was a log
don't
he had read
The metal just shaking his hips at some boys who were down by the fritz.
They're beating the waters, their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four.
Their female young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature, she sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy ducts.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spit.
While the boys in a barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you sanded later from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dot.
In the black government with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her from lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made up buttersky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go and get yourself this Monday, August of Rattles.
So what the f*** do you know?
Hey!
Well, mate.
What's up, my f***?
It's just this.
It comes to prosense.
You'll take the lips over the tits.
Total f***ing poo.
You know what the f***?
You've got a real f*** that up to a problem.
But you take me in the f*** and then the words become blown out to your race.
Pretty sure.
I'm getting a joby.
There's two things I've got at.
Some fallen pants.
And I spot in good b*** jobs.
I'm not able to look like my own ass.
You know that.
You're born to this f***.
I'm a babbling idiot.
Can you just shut the f*** up without us?
You think I'll be a ass.
I'm going to touch on f***ing lost.
Can't you stop under the vaporizer?
You stupid motherf***er, you know that?
You f***ing piece of s***.
Oh, please.
Don't start with that name, p*****.
What the f*** is your problem?
What the f*** is your problem?
What the f*** is your problem?
I bet you are very good to your mother.
F***ing ass f*** what?
You f***ing h*** only some f***ing day, huh?
It's nothing but a ragged stupid jules.
Yes, guys, how you doing?
No, Zee.
Get your money, guys.
I can't eat that.
It's got cholesterol.
Can I just get some macaroni and gravy and f*** you?
You f***ing h*** me.
I don't like that kind of talk.
Everybody else want to mouth off?
F*** this.
I'm going to bokeh.
This is the best piece of mail I've ever received in my life.
Let me give you a clue.
A lot of schools that you're there there.
Yeah, here's from, who's this from, from Jack?
Thank you, Jack.
It's a card.
You know, like a baseball card, a collectible card.
But it's the dollhouse, the dollhouses of America.
And this one is from Pure Platinum in Orlando.
And here's a very voluptuous and very naked young lady,
whose name happens to be.
A lot of schools that you're there there.
Denise Pottman.
Wow, she's got bigger boobs than Remember.
And that's saying a lot.
Then jigs and jugs.
Look at that.
And it's got, it's even got a number on there.
Call me at 1-800-Bubes or whatever the hell it is.
hometown, water town, New York.
Man, oh man.
So we get to see Denise naked, which is kind of a...
I feel really, really...
Go test thought.
Thank you very much, Jack.
It's a beautiful way to let him up our day.
Now they're watching all our money slip away down the toilet.
Yeah, but if I'm going to meet, but I'm up in a practice on a famous
and this and that and it's going only down 5%
and you're only down 2 million, but yeah.
I got a broker ought to do a stand-up comedy act, I'm telling you.
I don't know where Rimmer found this guy.
Probably doing stand-up comedy up there with what's his name from...
Guitar Man's friend.
Or a vocal Brian's friend.
What's his name? A shaky green.
That loser.
You wonder why...
You wonder why a vocal Brian looks so depressed all the time.
Look at the guy he hangs out with.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Is gone.
Okay, Miami's gone on 7.
I'm thinking now, George, that these aren't cutting off, you know.
What I hang up.
I would hate to think that that's the case.
Because that would mean that we...
I'm sure that there's nothing wrong with the phone.
Okay.
Here's a mobile and pop it over each other.
All right, how are you?
Okay.
You know, I was wondering, maybe you could straighten something out for me.
Two things.
First off, I'm really on when he was rescued.
I'm under the impression that I made it wrong.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You're not entitled to...
You're nobody to tell somebody to love you.
That's exactly right.
If you're not entitled to any type of protection in the United States unless you make it here on your own...
No, that's unless you make it to shore.
To shore.
But he was put on the teeth.
He was brought to shore.
He didn't make it to shore.
Yes, he did.
But he still got to shore to make him even tell what he got here.
That's what the law says.
Once you put the toe...
See, it's the dry toe wet toe laws, what that is.
As soon as you get a toe on land, then you're in.
So that's the two round.
You're on the very back to Cuba.
The second thing is, last night on hardball, the scab I did rescuing,
really showed his colors.
I don't know if you saw that.
He was talking about the incident itself when they discovered this...
...get out there floating on the tube.
He said he was out there fishing with a little friend, a cousin or brother, Uncle Shumlin,
his family and they were fishing and he was still on his lawn in the water.
They noticed this tube.
So they went over and took a look at it and they got to discuss it and arguing amongst one another.
One of them thought it was...
His friend thought it was a doll on there and this guy said, well, I think it's a dead body.
So they continued to fish.
He literally continued to fish, made another pass, it fished a little while one by again,
and they were still arguing about...
So a whole time, the point of this guy's got to be a piece of trash.
He just left a dead body float out there while he was enjoying the fish and maybe he was using it for bait.
And then he went on to...
They went back, maybe they ran out of worms, maybe that's what it was like.
Well, I brought a worm back with him, so...
Okay, great.
Oh man, I had a dime for every red neck out there in this state.
God.
Nice next down to 70, that was down to 25.
Make it a little bit of a little bit of improvement there by...
You know, that's what happens every day.
It takes a big dive, then it starts coming back a little bit and then...
Wow!
Big dump, a big gigantic smelly pile.
How is it that guy sounded moderately reasonable until he got to the very end there?
These sound like moderately...
Just a little bit.
And then he just caved in.
Here's the pepper park. Hello.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. How are you doing?
Good, sir.
Did you read the article about the Fort Lauderdale wanting to close the bars at midnight and then give them a special license to 2am?
Did you read what...
I think this caused the whole city up, that'll sound the problem.
Yeah, did you read what the owner of the rocks, he said?
No.
He said that the problems at my club are caused by nothing more than the Afro-Americans from South Lauderdale.
And I don't want them in my club.
The white customers don't cause the problems.
And he said this and it was quoted right in the Sun Sentinel.
And you don't sound like Ty Tony a little bit, doesn't it?
Yeah, and you don't see it, but you haven't heard or seen any protests or anything against us.
Yeah.
I think it's very ludicrous for him to say something like that.
But maybe he's got a point.
Well, maybe he does, but that's his opinion, which I respect him to have.
Maybe he ought to change the name instead of the mosque, the cotton club, because last time I checked cotton in his white.
Have a great day, Pat.
I got one with him.
Yes, sir.
Don't you think that by aliens' mother bringing him over, that wasn't child endangerment?
Yes, absolutely.
And nobody says anything about that.
And it's testically irresponsible insane lunacy that is correct.
Already, have a good day, those rotters, and WC said hi.
Okay, bye-bye.
What?
No, seriously, I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Okay, there are people living in poverty, they want to have a better life, yada yada.
But to put a kid on an interview like that.
And to come over with the entourage on an interview, I'm sorry, I'm not buying it.
If they want to do it, if they choose to do it as adults, you know, the guy that called before who just wouldn't talk at all,
would have a conversation with making the speech that Millington Jack asked, talking about the thousands of kids that are drowned at sea, isn't that pathetic?
Because you know something, there are places in the world, this may come as a great shock to some of you people out there.
There are places in the world where living conditions are far worse than they are in Cuba.
I mean, incredibly worse than they'll ever be in Cuba.
And somehow parents have children, and they love their children, and they struggle along through life, and they live their major existence,
and they may actually smile and laugh, and be happy at times, without their gut and steal belt and radios, and their pop-up poster, and their big 50-to-winch, a big screen TV.
Which I like to have, but that's where it goes.
See, Americans, everything that people have been here for any period of time has got to do with materialism, and of course, the people we're talking about, the exo, it's got to do with Fidel, Lisp, Fidel.
Everything revolves about Fidel, every single thing in the world.
But the excuse being, oh, he has a so much better life here.
Well, one thing, if he goes back there, and he goes to school, he'll get shot in school, I do know that.
He will not get shot in school there.
Is there a good chance? There's some, not a good chance, but is there some chance to get shot in school here?
Yeah, there's some chance.
In fact, he won't get shot on the streets there in Cuba, because I have a feeling that most of the citizenry is not walking around with guns.
I'm fairly safe in saying that. You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Here's a call and four Myers. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been listening to you now for about three years, and I really enjoy your show.
All right.
I am from Florida, and I was raised around football. I didn't know a damn thing about hockey, and I've listened to you speak about hockey in the past three years.
We now have a minor league team called the Everblade.
Yeah.
Man, I'm a big fan of hockey now. I came over and watched the Panthers play last Friday, my son and I.
Your stadium is absolutely outstanding, and that's a hell of a hockey team.
You got your fans or a very good fan.
No.
You got it down to a science. You got it right down the paddle.
Yeah, I was doing listening to you talk about hockey. I've learned quite a bit from you, and it's helped me learn the game.
So talk a little more about hockey if you would.
No, I can't do it. We have more hockey fans.
Okay.
What do you do? But they don't live over there.
Now, about this early on, I think just the Florida boys are pinning here.
In my opinion, I think the bitch kid and after son, and took him to the U.S.
Yeah.
Who the hell are these people saying that his father shouldn't have a son back?
And I hope when he does finally get to America and he meets him, his inner walls are where they are that's trying to focus on him.
I don't think he's going to meet the end loss.
Is that right?
I don't think so.
Well.
And now they're the latest thing. They just walked in while all the attorneys to court again today, and the federal justice building.
They're finding a motion to demand or to request that the three psychiatrists be brought into the term which is better for the child.
And they already know the government is going to say, no.
Well, I raised a man. He's getting a lot of airtime over here.
And deservedly so.
I don't think he's a goddamn penis wrinkle.
And so is everybody else.
And so is there keeping this kid away from his father?
Okay, and have a great day.
Okay, watch out for those penis wrinkles that will get you every time.
Yeah.
Yeah, but they smoothed right out.
Well, not if you have foreskin.
That thing wrinkles right up again.
When you got to admit that the un-circumcised masses come all over the world when they came here.
Put a new wrinkle in American society.
You know what I'm saying?
I bet you do.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I've been listening to this show for about a week now.
And I am just amazed at the level of insults that people have distought on the Cuban community here.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
I mean, calling Cubans barbarians moron.
Also, it's a different thing.
No, we're not calling all Cubans any names, sir.
I'm sure.
You may not be, but most of your callers are...
I would say that a lot of the adjectives used to describe these green teeth lunatics down there are very accurate.
That is correct.
Well, they're spoken the entire Cuban community.
Period.
No, they're not.
It's not on this show.
They're not.
Well, you cut them off pretty good.
I've been pretty good at that.
Well, and there's so there are a lot of people that don't like Cubans.
There are a lot of people that don't like black people, they don't like white people, they don't like gays.
That's the real world, sir.
I mean, I can't control that.
The only thing I can do is try to put it in perspective,
which is why I'm taking that poll today, and it's already burying out at the majority of Cubans,
at least the ones who listen to this show, they don't believe that they don't agree with these exiles.
Right, but you don't hear them calling Cubans morons on barbarians.
I mean, the crime has...
The punishment has to fit the crime, and I don't agree with the protest neither.
But these were marks, and first of all, the protest...
Sir, sir, is the one...
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Sir, now one...
In the minute you can, when I finish responding to what you said.
Okay.
It's not just one protest or one incident.
It's 40 years of ongoing terrorist threats.
If we don't get out of way, we're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
If they had...
The ice cream and did that great piece last night,
whether it's artists performing their art, if they're from Cuba,
whether it's musicians singing their songs, if they're from Cuba.
No matter what it is, we lost the Latin Grammys because of it.
We keep losing out on the Junior Olympics because of it.
We're the laughing stock of the free world,
because this small handful of lunatics continue embarrassing in the manual world.
The free world was some of the stuff that's happening like you say.
But, I mean, let's keep this protest in its proper context.
I mean, with all the violent protests that have happened in this country,
to single out these protests as being violent,
I mean, you look at what happened in Seattle.
Sir, I'm not tired.
You didn't know I was in the area.
That's like a pushing contest.
Like, they were worse than these people are.
I'm the same.
We haven't seen what's going to happen yet.
But we keep seeing what is.
What is?
And I don't see anything happening other than people protesting in the street.
I don't see any cars being broken into the city.
Not yet.
And I hope you're right.
We've been here 40 years.
Have you ever seen anything about that?
How about all the bombings that I just referred to?
How about those?
Bombings?
Ask Emilio Million's family about whether he was sunny.
Yeah, are you, is there a question mark after the word bombings that you just said?
And there's like 20, bombings happened like 20 or 30 years ago.
No, there were bombings in the 90s, too, sir, and in the 80s, and in the 70s.
And another thing.
I mean, a lot of people have said about the Cuban, so they keep hearing it on TV and all that.
You're not responding to what I just said.
Okay, ask me the question again then.
No, I won't ask you the question again because you have blinders in the earplugs on, like a horse.
Nasdaq, I told you, down 309, and the bow down 32.
It's going to be a-a-day, the Z-a-day.
Thanks Bill Gates.
Thanks, Janerino.
Thanks to everybody involved.
Thanks to all you panic people out there.
The first piece, weekdays, 6th and 10th, sports radio 560, U-A-F.
It's safe!
You by any tell.
At 560, W-U-T-A.
I know how to do a talk show.
We do print journalism.
And I just want to know, what advice do you have for young people coming up into the field?
Like, a lot of professors are telling us how hard it is to get into the field,
I'm afraid to just look at it up to here in the field and if you have any advice on that.
President, experience is important.
Sure.
That is probably the most important.
Well, it's way up there.
It's way up there.
Anything else?
Anything you need to do?
Where's your under fire?
Uh-huh.
Done this before.
I want to be his first secretary.
Okay.
Ride himself well.
Uh-huh.
Please do things that I've come to to me in the M&D.
Okay.
I'm talking about journalism field.
I'm lost.
What do you mean?
It's journalism.
I'm a student journalism at a college.
And I'm just learning the most important aspect of getting into journalism.
Not the medical field.
I take your ex-office.
It's your own 39th.
I am exhausted from 39th.
No, no person, even those of us who are superhuman.
And those of us who are herecually at appetites for the diversity of the bizarre.
Even those of us who have shown an aptitude to fight the good fighters,
day to go during battle, even those of us who can get tired.
And what about if you're 30th, is that could have been nice.
And we have to go and I'm going to do that.
Because I'm a pro.
That's what pro is doing.
I'm a pro-fessional.
Look it up in the book.
That's what we do with pro.
We never rode.
We don't count that.
We don't count that.
We're looking for the farmhouse in the middle of the desert.
We're blocked.
We don't tell you that maybe the check can come through this month or another hell of a
girl anyway.
If you're a guy who's not 60 and fully depressed.
Okay.
So what do you do?
What is the answer?
I really prepared not.
I'm worried about the class.
I don't know what I'm worried about maybe.
Drinking, I was thinking.
Now.
Okay, cool.
Life is a breeze.
For some breezes, if you know, I'll have to turn my smile around and get forward with everything
that you've studied.
Press that around.
We got to speak to pass along.
We're going to pass along after the museum.
The mutual museum.
Higher top to the overlooking downtown people, downtown people, the other guys, and the other
most interesting places.
The mutual museum would get us up to big under the red lines and we'll come back with you
more.
I've been told the record.
I got a little too much.
Big Z.
I've taken him to a little one of his favorite places on the line.
So I'm going to go to the Cooperstown, New York.
This is the Larry King show in Washington and we'll be right back.
That's the further reveal.
Poppa, there.
There.
Poppa.
They're wandering the streets of your largest local metropolitan area.
We're traveling abroad.
There's only one product guaranteed to keep those annoying street people from bothering
you.
No more being hassled for change.
No more having to cross the street to avoid the crazy man screaming at his imaginary pet
reptile.
Indeed, no more hassle at all.
With the all new, stink.
Just slap some on and watch the magic.
Change.
Change for the poor.
Can anyone help feed the poor?
Change.
Oh, God.
Listen, Mr. Here you go.
Take this.
We need it more than this.
stink works in any language.
I need money for my brother.
I need money for food.
I can't.
Lord, I need money.
I need money.
stink will spend a run in from here to the Himalayas.
Just to dash his all the tanks.
And all it takes is for you to dash out and pick up some today.
stink.
It's awful.
The sky is falling.
The market is dropping.
And the plane is maybe in the sky and on the way.
And life goes on.
You know what?
Life goes on.
Too bad people couldn't expend their energies on something important.
Something worthwhile.
Something worth getting all whipped up about.
This is a child custody case.
Absolutely nothing more.
That's all.
And it's on the lead story on every newscast.
It's on a front page of newspapers all over the world.
And yada yada yada.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
And the plane is going on.
You!
Ya just need the rest of theA
Hair hair!
Are you ready?
And there's so many nails in theampa.
imcal Web Omaha,
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human being.
Throw my prison bitch, my prison bitch.
You're not a life of a man.
I'm tired of we share a prison cell.
When life goes out and sings,
I can't live through where I feel.
Now that you're a fear fly,
As long as I am to a new item,
I'm doing time.
Call to my prison bitch, my prison bitch.
And I have no regret.
I got you for a pretty far end of fact,
The secret is at first you were requested.
But now you're all my friends.
I knew that I would give you a meal.
I can't stand to watch it from above.
I can't stand to watch it from above.
I can't stand to watch it from above.
I'm not a human being.
You're prison bitch, and you're all selfish.
I only have a regret.
How about some of us all eat?
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get ahead.
The prison's wait to seven years.
Now I'm getting tired of this.
I'm not a human being.
You're prison bitch, you're human so many lost.
I'll be in the chase these knockers
That you're fighting for.
I'm not a...
I'm not a cruel traitor.
I've now argued with you.
I'm not a coward.
I'm not a soul.
And I have no regret.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human being.
I'm not a human being.
When I get up, I'm ready to go straight.
So my prison bitch, my prison bitch,
I'll never take it by.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second half, I bring up this.
If you want this, you're...
You're prison bitch, you're not leaving.
You're...
I'm not a human being.
But now you're my woman.
I'm so pregnant.
I'm not a coward.
Now I know I'm a cruel traitor.
And I know you're my friend.
Now I know I'm a cruel traitor.
Listen to me.
This is stand by and sneak for so fucking.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high, so fucking standard.
The selection isn't just huge, it's so fucking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And so fucking spices aren't just low.
They're so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say so fucking as a beautiful store,
I mean so fucking beautiful.
When I say stand by and so fucking helpful,
I mean so fucking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the so fucking and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge.
A staff that's so fucking courteous.
And Christy said, as so fucking low,
you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied, customer, Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it, Franky.
So fucking good.
I'm telling you, the markets are taking a enormous gigantic,
pathetic and outrageous smith today.
Now it's done almost 200,
200, 200, and then asdax down just almost 400.
Watch your money just fly away.
Well, easy come easy go.
Here's our poll today for Cuban Zoli.
Should alien go back with his father.
We have 142 votes.
114, say yes, he should go back with that.
80.2% stay here 28th, 19.7%.
And by the way, the last trade on a visley stock?
The I and 1 eighth.
How do you like that?
9th, what is it?
The I and 1 eighth on the BBGI.
And of course the excuse for that as well.
It's having a bad day because the NASDAQ is in the turlots.
So there you go.
Here's the lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
You know, I really think and I'd like to know, you think,
don't you feel that everyone caring for Elion should be acting excited
that his father is coming to see him finally.
Forget Castro, forget communism and all the other stuff.
I mean, they should be like, oh, your father's coming.
Let's get a new haircut.
Let's go buy him a Marlant.
He's shirt yellow.
No, they're not.
What they're doing is trying to isolate him from their terrified
of the woman who gets the proper loan.
They're scared to death.
Because they know what's going to happen.
Just like they knew what happened when he saw that plane going over.
He said, take me back to Cuba.
They knew what that was.
If anybody believes this marriage lazy ass, all these stories that he's making up about the kid of saying this, the kid of saying this, the kid of saying this.
Then I got a lot of pie.
He's making the kids a new way to the fucker thing.
He wouldn't even notice those things.
They have him so scared to see his father.
I mean, this is really, to me, what's very sad.
And that, while he's horrible, I mean, listen, he's six years old.
Your dad's coming to see you.
What an exciting time this should be for him.
And his father's coming to see him.
Not he's coming.
Drag you.
Nobody's got to drag him around.
He's coming to the house.
He's going to visit with you.
Maybe he'll take you on a other thing.
He's not coming to the house.
He's not coming to the house.
They're going to remove him.
And he's going to either do Washington or wherever the father comes to, which I would assume would be Washington.
Then they're going to put the father in the middle of that mob of lunatics down there.
Right.
Well, that's true.
Can you imagine the scene of the father being brought in a...
They have walked against this father except that he was in Cuba.
And yet they...
But don't you understand?
The last few days is they become more desperate.
Now he's an unfit father.
And now he's going to do psychological harm.
And also he's an agent of Castro.
So put all of us together and how good can he be?
Right.
They listen.
The bottom line is they don't want to give him up.
It's like they found a puppy.
And I want to give that to the owner.
That's what.
That's what.
Too bad.
That's it.
And have a great day.
Exactly right.
And El Niel.
Yes.
I have to tell you on a later side when I saw El Niel with the new bunny rabbit they got him.
The first thing that popped into my head with your song about the rabbit.
And I just...
I don't know.
I just thought...
Maybe Elner Fuddle pick him up.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Roll them along.
Sign the song.
Is the daddy here yet?
No.
That playing here.
Is the market making a comeback?
No.
It is in the toilet baby as panic says.
And you know what I would love to see?
As somebody's got his whole life savings cut up in his crap called a stock market which is like gambling without the fun.
I'd like to see CNBC and CNFA and whatever they call it.
All of this stuff.
All the TV reporting on this go dark for one week.
And see what happens to the markets.
You know what I'm talking about?
Instead of having all these hysterical people on.
And there is Maria Bartiromo down in the front.
Maybe, no, no, no, no, no.
Hyperventilating and screaming in that shrill voice.
Like what's her name?
That things with Nick, Jessica Simpson.
Shrill.
See they should not allow women to report on a stock market because they're shrill.
They get people hysterical.
Bara, oh jeez, that was it.
You know, can't happen.
Histeria.
Mass panic has set in.
At any rate, life goes on.
We'll do the best we can with about 50 bucks left.
And by the way, tell me just about us.
Here's Miami. Hello.
And Neil.
Yes sir.
These 4,000 protesters who are embarrassing about the whole Cuban community in the whole United States.
Keep on mentioning that their protests are peaceful.
They blocking the street is not a peaceful protest.
It is worse to block the street than to burn down a building because there's thousands of people who are headed for places.
And also, on the Indian and some of them can be in emergencies.
And also, how about when they were just before they had the extension there a couple of months ago,
how about when they were under verge of tying up the airport?
Exactly.
And also, Neil, on CNN last week, they showed a man, a pro-Aleon, punching a woman who was, who was, who was against a,
but now that's peaceful.
These people are bunch of immigrants.
An opportunity about six cars ago, that's actually a one-guns-alice call, same that he didn't approve of the protest.
But then he goes on the Cuban radio and eggs him on and says, oh, I'm with you.
We'll keep protesting.
Okay.
That type of person gives the Cuban people a bad name.
And I work with Cuban people who are very successful and they're all embarrassed.
And one gun's-alice and all your types are shame on you.
Amen.
Pacamus Salami sandwich, what do you say?
Oh, come on.
Pacamus still, uh, maybe an O.J.
And put him on a goddamn boat with all the banana people.
Put him on there.
Oh, I give it to you.
Come on.
Come on, Larry.
Have a lot of little pastrami.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm a Cuban-American.
I'm 35 years old and I came over when I was four years old.
Very much like George.
And what a caller before you said that they have to watch out for the ignorance.
One form of ignorance that you have to watch out for is the other community.
You know, the Jewish and the Blacks and the Anglos not being able to discern from the theoretical.
Well, well, how do you like to?
That's why I'm taking that poll today.
Take a look at that.
80%.
80% of the Cuban people listening to this program think that aliens should be with the father.
Sir.
And have a great day.
I guess either the phone crept out or he just was overwhelmed by that.
No, it is important to keep that in mind.
And I hate to have to keep doing these disclaimers.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
For those of you who are very naive or just crawled out from under a rock somewhere,
there are a lot of people out there who don't like filling the blank.
Cubans, blacks, Jews, gays, Catholics.
You fill in the blanks and sometimes all of the above.
And you just...
Well, I could go along with that.
You ever been in Rome?
No, you haven't.
So what do you know about Girpley?
Yes, he's here.
Too many of them.
Are you talking about the beesleaves again?
Jesus, man, what are they hate you?
Be kind.
Oh, wow.
Every time you say beesleaves.
Be kind.
Oh, you see that?
I didn't even touch this thing.
Be kind.
Pops up automatically.
And the number two.
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
Listen, you said earlier that this was purely a custody battle about the alien and his father?
That's what it should be, yes.
Well, I agree.
And they keep saying that this should be held in the state courts.
Well, I can tell you as a father that's been through a divorce.
No, it should not be in the state courts because it has to do with immigration, whether?
Well, I agree with that.
I'm 100 percent.
But if the people that have the child at the moment keep saying,
we want it settled in the state courts.
Well, if they're going to do that, they're going to lose big time because there's no reason that that
father should not be reunited with his son.
Yeah.
Well, first, the deal is they keep day in their attorneys,
keep changing and shaping like a bunch of clay of putty, a silly putty.
They keep trying to rewrite and remake the law to suit you on convenience.
You can't do that.
Nope.
Absolutely correct.
And that's why when the federal judge ruled in the favor of the father,
that still wasn't good enough for them.
Why does the federal government continue to back off?
Because I have no idea.
Political cowardice.
So you notice how shaky Janet is all the time?
I think that's your answer to your question.
Ten four.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Yeah, they could have solved this a long time ago.
Long ago, and should have done it.
You come in here, you get the kid, you make an offer they can't refuse.
You'll put them on a plane, you're a squadron.
You take these people from National Council, from church, or whatever they are,
comments, and you put them on a plane with them and send them back.
That's all.
Here you go, Juan Miguel, here's your son.
And life goes on and we deal with the important things that have to do with everybody else's life.
This boy has nothing to do with anybody's life here.
Except his family.
And you people in the media can't exploit, exploit, exploit.
I'm busy watching all my goddamn money disappearing from eyes.
It's doing a vanishing act, even who Dean Eukita would be embarrassed.
The Dow is, it's only not even one o'clock yet.
The Dow is down 246, and Azdak is down 380.
And it's all started with Akadim, Justice Department ruling, with the judge ruling on Microsoft yesterday.
And it's not even over yet.
They're doing the appeals.
They might actually win in the long run this year.
But in the meantime, everybody's got to take a big hit, rhymes with Schmidt.
It's okay, I'm not going to panic.
Not me.
Not me.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
First of all, I never listen to you until I went in my husband's car.
You're on the station all the time.
You make me laugh.
All right.
But I want to say that when the Republicans, when it was the impeachment, Clinton couldn't be above the law.
But Elian can be above the law.
This is our country.
They're holding us hostage.
Right.
They're holding the entire community hostage.
That's correct.
And in New Jersey, they have a big Cuban community, and they were holding the traffic up.
I don't understand how they say this is okay to be above the law.
Not.
Oh, well, thanks, Neil.
Okay.
Bye.
And have a great day.
Yes, you get in a few blow jobs.
That's bad.
But tie it up the airport and going out there in the tying up traffic, and maybe interfering with ambulances and police.
Another law enforcement and emergency vehicles.
That's okay because we're pissed off, and we'll do whatever the hell we want.
Is it okay?
No, it's not.
Unacceptable.
It's unacceptable.
It's unacceptable back with a Coast Guard thing.
It was unacceptable back when this thing first came down, and it will be unacceptable when they started again with some of the wheel.
Some.
A handful of losers.
Oh, this market thing is getting real exciting now.
Rinds me that day in October of 98.
Remember that day?
Oh, boy.
And not for any particular reason that I can see.
I decided to stupid Microsoft thing yesterday, the judge is ruling.
Total state of panic.
Without just hit 300 points in the negative.
And the NASDAQ is bridging on 400, just bubbling under 400 down.
But just stay calm.
Don't panic.
That's what my broker says.
Everything is okay.
You'll be all right.
You're only down 80%.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'd like to turn to the topic for a second.
Yeah.
The other lady yesterday who called saying how worthless that Lewis McGill concert was.
Yeah.
He is full of crap.
Yeah.
I was at the concert.
He sang for one hour and 30 minutes.
He only sat down and covered it.
I think it was the fact.
I don't think it was somebody you called.
I wrote it as a facts.
Oh, well, whatever.
He sat down for just a couple of the ballots.
And it was the best concert I was ever at.
He was great.
I love Lewis McGill.
Probably somebody you don't like Mexicans, you know.
I'm in front of the board.
I'm in front of the board.
I'm in front of the board.
He's an effing bitch.
Okay.
Oh, wow.
How do we know that it was a she?
Oh, well, I think it was a she?
A f***ing bitch.
What's that facts?
Yeah.
We don't think some guy would go to see Lewis McGill.
We'll do.
We'll be back to that again.
I've been to several Lewis McGill concerts.
There were plenty of guys.
Oh, my God.
That's great.
Including many of your people when I saw him here in Miami.
Like I said, many Kubanos.
And of course, we know about them.
Well, they're just friendly people sometimes.
You're listening to the fest of Neil Rogers on 5.60 WGTAM.
WGTAM?
I don't get a rat's ass about him.
She's not a member of the federal sexual persuasion.
Shut your f***ing thing, c*****a.
You're not f***ing a second, you're not f***ing a second.
You're not f***ing a second, you're not f***ing a second.
You're not f***ing a second, you're f***ing a second.
Shut your f***ing thing, c*****a.
Shut your f***ing thing, c*****a.
Shut your f***ing thing, c*****a.
You don't keep your sleep all night long.
Shut your f***ing thing, c*****a.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
What's going on there?
Who's f***ing a sec?
What's going on there?
That one.
Where's that 부탁?
You going over pressed thecourse trigger, i'm not menays锈B cock
Stupid B***s f***ing a Bascoock out of the bottle
Enough of that and everything is just nonsense.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm modo, I'm modo, I'm modo, I'm vocês vs You 그건 vegetarians vs Mencensors of a名
I'm ay ag�� bogera clutch rogera motごhisero
JTulai法 spinel severely
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
I say to you for night and hear me well.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You think Larry could kiss all our asses now go and beat you at the same time?
It's unhappy day in the market boy.
I don't want to talk about it.
Do you want to hear about it?
No, no.
Let's pretend it's a funny money, but not a funny money.
That's the way they're trading it today.
Down, down, down.
Let's just worry about Luís Miguel and Luis Miguel.
Miguel over here in Naisama, he got the hockey game last night delivering some stuff
before he was on his way to somewhere else.
Right outside in front of the elevator, they're escalated.
There was Miguel and I went up to him and we shook hands.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I am a Cuban and I believe that kids should descend back.
It used to be in there already for a long time.
For at least three months, anyhow.
Yes, and also I would like to ask you, I haven't heard anything about Basuto.
Where is him?
He must be in hiding somewhere.
He just disappeared.
At least Ramón.
Maybe he slips with the fishes.
I don't know. Ramón has stayed in here.
Ramón, he's an epoch.
Oh, anyway.
Yeah.
And he lies and he says he wants peace, but then he kicks everybody to make him awake and clean.
Yeah, he's a piece, alright.
Oh, he is really a do-do-do-do.
He's a walking do-do, that's right.
You know what, too?
This girl, every time something gets very tough, she cannot handle and then she, I don't know, she pretends to.
When the going gets tough, Marys Lezias goes to the hospital, let's go.
Yes, and she, well, I don't know.
I heard that she is waiting for all these two cool-oths and then she's going to marry a guy that used to be a warded spaza of the leader of the Cuban.
Alright.
Maybe she can be, she can be a princess.
He also wants to adopt the kid when she gets married because he's a guy.
I don't know how true it is that I don't know that.
We just got the ruling on that nature.
Okay, because it's not for you.
Hang in there.
Okay, bye.
I'll have to see me over here.
Okay.
Look at that.
That was down 416 and the NASDAQ 451.
I kind of like converging now.
I think we're going to go for 500 on both of them.
That would be nice, even number.
I will not be looking in my portfolio on my computer today.
I can assure you that I will not take a look at that.
It would be an ugly, ugly thing.
I don't want to see it.
Do I want to see it?
No.
No.
Just one of those things.
It's like a little, uh, zip in a road, you know?
Now what they always say?
30,000 here, 40,000 there, 80,000 there.
Just a few blips in the road.
A little bump along the way.
That's what my broker says.
Here's a mobile in Davie.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you went to Michigan State, so, um, you know, I mean, I know you're not a basketball fan, but, you know, Ghost Bartons, right?
I've already mentioned that 1,400 times.
Oh, sorry.
I mean, I think we could really rub it in, but it was no contest.
I mean, there was never any chance that we're going to lose that game.
Yeah, that's great.
They were going to see you guys.
They were going to cruise control the entire game.
And the Gator's knew that so that even in the last three minutes when they were cut to the A-Wiz from 20 to about 14-15,
they weren't following anybody.
You know, like ordinary, like in a real game, or the last two minutes, last half an hour, because they just threw in the towel.
They knew what was going to happen.
No chance.
It was nice to see some guys who really loved their school, too, you know.
There you go.
And then they got good reason.
And maybe one or two went to class.
I doubt it, but maybe walked by a classroom sometimes.
It's no different in Michigan.
Right.
But as far as this stuff...
Yeah, they got Tommy Brady, maybe at least they did have, but anyway.
As far as the Hilly Anting goes, when people complain that when some cubans complain that it's not right,
sort of lump them all together, really the people they should be complaining to with their leadership,
because the Cuban leaders, the people who claim to represent Cuba...
Well, but if there's something I heard...
This is true with the AirV group of people.
Like the blacks get stuck with Ferrican and Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson.
And the Cubans get stuck with Basuelto and Lincoln Diaz-Balfart and Ilyana Rosanna-Dena
and all these losers in this Armando Cudiera, who's a spokesperson for every anxious person you ever met in your life.
AirV group, how about the leadership for the white people?
Who are all what leaders do we have?
No group in this country's got any leaders.
They're all leadership.
Exactly. The idea is that if they're going to complain that Cuban Americans are being portrayed in an unfortunate way in the media,
then they should complain about the people that they would like to...
And they should have...
And also get rid of people like Mayor Penga Piccadis, who should also be good by them.
If my tines are so mad that they're portrayed like Mopio,
so maybe they shouldn't respect people that are in Mopio as much as they oftentimes do.
And just...
I think that's a church thing though, you know?
Yeah, that's a church thing.
Yes.
In fact, I'm going to be Godfather of Codney's baby as well, I'm here.
Most of them ever make their father.
They live with one more thing.
Yes, they live with these people.
I'm going to be Godfather of Ilyana, yes.
You know what I think they've got?
What?
Unwittingly. I think they've actually created a pro-castro constituency in this country.
Let's not get here either way.
Well, people... I mean, if you... they...
Even if you compare with what the alternative is to castro...
I'm off to the East people.
I'm off to the West.
I'm off to the West.
We're going to see the end of a big deal.
Like, Mussolini. Have a great day.
Hi, thanks.
Have a great day.
Oh, I feel better.
See, this is the kind of schmalky Godfather because you can eat while the market comes.
I'm going on.
I hope a lot of you don't turn on GMBC.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Oh, you're all right.
You just want to try to get everybody in a better mood, look who walks in the door.
Oh, my God.
It says, Trumpi, Dumpy Little Boca-Brine.
The talented but frumpy, Dumpy, and depressing Boca-Freakin' Brine
who hangs out with the worst losers.
His car caught on fire.
See, see what I mean?
He just walked into the door already bad news.
His car caught on fire.
And check he green had bad diarrhea.
And what else?
That was down 4.53.
I'd never feel last.
Come on.
And that's that 4.75.
Money's gone.
Money's gone.
We're broke.
We're broke.
Let's go out and say, come on.
There's some change, Mr. C'mon.
There's some change, ain't?
Have a nice day, Mr. C'mon.
I'm going up on Yums' Street with a tin cup.
I'll say it there right now.
I'm going to the tin hortons for a cup of coffee and take that cup and fill it around up with loonies and tunis.
Oh.
Cut the crap.
On second with Channel 7 briefly now.
That's the days of our lives.
I'm just so happy.
I think we're the men I know.
Oh, it's Doc.
He's only been on this show for 600 years.
I know what I'm talking about.
What else is her name?
Doc.
What is her name?
You even know her.
The actress that plays whatever her name is on that show.
And whatever her name is in real.
I don't know what her name is.
She's been on there for 6000 years.
Give her a hall.
Yeah.
Did we hall?
Very good.
Who got that book of mine?
No, I knew that.
Oh, you wanted it.
Yeah.
Dude, right?
And of course with all that make-ups, you know, look at day over 50.
60?
And that of course is what's his name that had a face job that came back looking a whole lot
different.
John.
Not you.
Yeah.
Where is the couple that we saw in the water that time, by the way?
Remember doing a thing in the water?
That was a breathless ending to the show.
I'll never forget that as long as I live, especially him, of course, but nevertheless.
Wow.
Where are they?
Make it again.
Don't forget about these goddamn stocks, you know.
Anyway, all you got is your stupid self-pop line.
Six, what about seven?
Come on.
Seven come 11.
The Rockford files.
Oh.
Do you want to see that?
No.
No.
I'd rather watch the market go down another 200 points and see the Rockford files.
Nothing personal against Jim Garner.
But God, he's the olden boy.
Is he olden boy?
Yeah.
You're listening to the best of Neil Roger on 560 QAM.
One little two little three little QAM.
Four little five little six little QAM.
Seven little eight dead little QAM.
Five under my hand.
Not a good idea blocking those roads, kids.
Let me just tell you that right now.
Okay, stay off the road.
Place for cars, not for lunatics.
We got something on here that I think we got to play right now.
Can't wait.
Because the timing is magnificent.
I'm dropping down.
Two, nine point out.
Don't die of the DJI.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What was that number again?
Behind.
Here's the mobile and four-later nail, huh?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to touch base on something you mentioned earlier about the media and the O'Yan situation.
Yes.
No, basically if the media hadn't picked this up because I had nothing better to talk about this.
Martha Stewart, Turkey, Stuffing, Recipe on Thanksgiving Day.
Right.
This would have never gotten to this point.
That's right.
It would have been just another Cuban or Haitian.
Well, that's what I said back in the grand.
Back when it first started.
In fact, you remember the days when they had the cameras down there with the I&S building and there was nobody there.
And they continued doing this.
They've had the cameras in front of the house when there was nobody there except other reporters.
And they keep whipping it and flageulating it.
And they got to take as much of the blame for what's going on here as anybody else.
And I'm Hispanic American.
And if you look at it from the point of view of what's best for the kid, there's no doubt that living in the United States would probably afford him more or better ability to succeed in life.
But nonetheless, the father has every right to have the kid.
Right.
But that doesn't take away from the fact that the media has probably caused the majority of this.
And again, the Cuban exiles here may or may not have their own agenda.
But it's ridiculous. It's getting to the point where the Cuban Americans are facing a bad name for themselves at this point.
That is correct.
And the political leaders down in Miami, you mentioned that earlier, have also done some things that are asked.
And I mean, how can you go against the federal government?
Well, Alex Tinga Piccandia, what he's done is he's endeared himself to about three or four thousand people.
And at the expense of doing that, he's alienated 777 other thousand other Cuban people in this town and pissed all the other non-Cuban people off too.
Nice going, Alex.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, he's really turning the actual angles of the American citizens basically against most of the Cuban Americans.
And like you've touched on earlier as well.
For the majority, most Cuban Americans couldn't give a rat's ass less what happened to him.
Exactly.
But in the back he goes back to the father and to the door.
They have a life, right?
Well, stick a fork in here.
How do they date out?
How do they date out?
Stick a fork in there.
Penga Piccandia, like I said, he is well done.
Anybody out there would like to get well done?
Uh-huh.
Well done, well.
Here's a pepper pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to talk about the aliens.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
I mean, the Cuban people down here are overracking a little bit over the case.
But, um, I mean, the last time I checked, you know, is that a toilet I'm hearing in the back?
What is that?
No, actually, I just got off the camp.
But, um, the last time I checked, people in the United States, I mean, you know, they're all over the country.
Is that a faucet?
Are you, like, washing your hands now?
What's that now?
I'm hearing water in the back.
I mean, are you, uh...
No, no, nothing.
Okay.
Um, I mean, they are making a big deal about it for no reason.
Yeah.
Um, but I just wanted to know, where do we better just send everybody back?
You know, just send everybody back?
Yeah, I lift this embargo and let everybody go back to their country.
You know, um...
Well, lifting the embargo was a magnificent idea, but then, then if you think there's hysteria now,
well, you have a cane, see nothing yet.
Like Al Gore said.
All right.
And have a great day.
I think I sound like he's in the gas station taking a...
Right next to the pump.
The battery is pumping it.
Wow.
485 on the dial in the negative three and the Nasdaq 563.
Well, broke.
Did you see how much Bill Gates lost yesterday, by the way?
Let's take up a collection, $12 billion.
That was yesterday.
Don't you...
Don't you feel sorry for Bill Gates?
No.
No, I don't.
He's going to lose billions more today.
You feel sorry?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
See you're right.
This phone does not disconnect when the people hang up.
That's about to...
I wouldn't say that.
I'm saying it.
This piece of crap, don't disconnect when the people hang up like a real phone should.
Like even a gender did that.
Like even a goddamn Alexander Graham Bell's first probably did that.
Does this one do it?
No.
Nice going there, Mr. Kellos.
Mr. Stavros, whatever the hell your name is.
How Stavros do them by the way?
Anybody see him?
No.
Here's a mobile in plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, buddy?
Listen about the stock market.
Let's talk the stock market.
Sure.
Go ahead.
Good oldie price.
Right now, all the day traders are getting washed out.
All the margin calls for people who can't afford the market to get in and watch them.
Yeah.
This is the time to buy a stock.
This is a great buying opportunity.
You must be a broker.
It's not.
I'm not a broker.
It's phenomenal opportunity.
Remember all the jerks who shouldn't be in the market are getting killed now.
Yeah.
So all the good stuff.
So all the rest of us.
Now number two.
Well, so what I just say.
So all the rest of us getting killed.
No, no, but now you put fresh money and go buy stocks now.
Oh.
You mock my words.
Tomorrow you'll say that guy is on the phone.
I should have bought more stuff.
Okay.
Now, on this alien thing.
Yeah.
Can you imagine when all the TV cameras disappear from that little outhouse,
these people are going to have to go out and get a job.
Mm-hmm.
And they're just fighting for just the keep not having to work.
I think you're dreaming.
I'm sure that the agents will be there immediately.
And that the voice is gone.
Not seriously.
There'll be the mini series and the soap opera and the full major motion picture and the book and et cetera.
Probably a cartoon.
That's...
Neil, it's overdone.
It's overdone.
These people are just holding on to some of their eye.
Now, how is it overdone?
We're drowning in a sea of it.
If you pardon that expression, we're drowning in a sea of it.
Remember 15 minutes the same?
The same is up.
Yeah.
You take care.
Okay.
That merrothelaisiest.
Why does it can't deal with it?
One more tear.
She's there at squirting anymore.
Squirt squirt.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
I say put her in just like they did with Carmen on guiding light.
They put her in the booby hatch there and locked her in.
Nice go on there, Rick.
Or whoever did that.
Or they at priest did that.
The priest put her in a locked her in the booby hatch.
Carmen, she's on the inside and can't get out.
That's what we ought to do with merrothelaisiest until this thing is over.
And when she comes out like, oh, well, what happened?
Kpasol.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Why are you talking so dumb things over there in your product?
You're supposed to steal it.
Yeah.
You have a new baby killing.
Have you brought it to Cuba?
No.
To see how the people live there?
No.
Why?
Because I haven't got, because I can't.
No, no, without going out.
So you see how the kids are without shoes, without clothes or with anything.
Uh-huh.
You've lost going there.
Have you ever been to Bangalore?
Oh, I got those clothes over there.
I still need to make this bed.
Have you ever been to Uganda?
I haven't gotten clinical for years.
Have you spent a function for lunch?
I've been in some
Says hey, play of color, play of black, play of white, and
it's all the way down to Rub number three in Iowa.
The fact that you're healthy.
can you imagine the shoelace all over all over light in america
all the little kids all the little kids at the polka made their parents have
little babies walking around with no shoes
and with no food
and with no clothing and with no nothing
but it's only a cuba cuba she's as bad as any shaper it was killed in
human use this is bad you're cuban msh for lady your crazy person
arrest my case
probably on the she haven't he didn't know probably not
i do understand that after the marshals come in on the way out to try to
pacify the crowd are going to be handed out
discount dental cards is the room i'm here
on the room of an
couldn't hurt
here's uh... candle hello
okay
the new game show going out tonight
and alias but now it's gonna be the first contestant
yeah
oh people attempt at comedy
is the first and so the biggest and so here you go
nice try pal week
thanks to that old the cuban lady leesa got our applaud for the next month
for a couple minutes that's good
and radio mb and all i'd other uh... twenty four-hour uh... propaganda
if you don't feel good or have crap
you see there's more to life that i just don't understand how any
buddy anybody who's been here more than five minutes
could live their entire life in such a goddamn vacuum
with all the stuff i mean i realize is the boring town but even compared
anything else that you experience
there's eight million times more things that you could be doing a ticket
about and reading about and uh... yelling about
than the same old crap
you're all like a stuck record you three four thousand but i know pickers
that you're crazy people
and you want to inflicted on the rest of us and because we're out of
hysterical as you are that makes us bad people
because the government's not gonna say a bunch of guy got young guys over there
to kill a to get killed
just to make you happy
then we're even worse people all come on the stick on the stick on the
stuff this is all been still and the media here should have been screaming
bloody murder twenty years ago about this crap besides just me
thank god i've seen it was just was to show you when you came up on the old
father just celebrated hundred birthday
like i've seen
he finally got it up one last time i was a pop the fire when i asked for you
not just before the newscast last night what you think probably
you can almost hear it
rising one last time
got some ball got some co-hounds on here and told it like it was
and all these other people carefully speak up because uh... you know
just like richie balance
labama look what the damn
and the big popper in the body holly
labama
i don't think that playing well now is no ice and now i think about
it was probably
labama
here's lady mimey spring so
i knew yes man
how you okay
uh... you are going to go
and i was very sad i came over here fifteen years ago
uh... these are things that are the mess
and it's given also horrible
reputation
however i think everybody should obey the law because
we are in this country
uh...
none the best although i don't know what the
father really feel
uh... i think
that he should be able to tell
everybody's so the whole world where he wants to come to be
yeah without any kind of for her
shouldn't right
for anybody
being excited for many but from the people here the people here
being there being raised here
i know that
there's a tremendous amount of pressure on him right now
and he probably is really not telling the world what he wants for his son
well that's all of our reason that he shouldn't have an authorized here when he
comes here she'd be here alone
exactly and there should be some kind of
neutral ground
the reneutral what you can meet with the child
and his family over here
and they need to only be with family no politicians from either side you know
net pressure from anybody
and once the decision is made there by the family
if he wants to take his son back
he should be able to take him back and he already should be quiet haven't said that
i'm gonna tell you a personal
incident i have
because i know that a lot of people here don't know
that being raised in q by son about
and please by no means i'm not a religious person and i'm the last person that
should be talking about that
but i remember very well
the six years old
and being in the classroom and having a teacher
coming and so to all of us
children did you believe in that and you know how little kids are
everybody races their hand i do i do
so you know that you can't go to the case now close your eyes and extend your hand
down
and i've got a piece of candy
so everybody did so
your hand was empty
so she goes okay you believe you still believe in that
now do you realize
yeah and i think that the piece of candy
i think i'm out of the hand of the time to do everybody
and then the end of the story was
you see that doesn't exist
the bell
that is the kind of abuse of the child to be subjected
i don't i don't call it abuse of i mean what what difference is the different
kind of brainwashing is already being brainwashing the catholic school here
uh... you know i don't think the school that he's going to a couple of
yes it is
is the catholic school
but i don't think that the government have the right to travel kid
who they have to believe in well i agree with that but i mean that's uh...
that's a whole separate issue if that's not going to change
but it's happening right now and you know you see people here in this country
are so concerned
about their children being properly supervised in their school
and blah blah they don't want to raise you higher than thirty kids for teachers
you know you're eleven and twelve years old and you got the send you
to labor camp
away from your parents i got this where he's not going any labor camp i guarantee
that
i'm not going to be just like that
and i got a one have a great day
you go into labor camp no
i hear he's replacing fidelity couple of that's what i'm heard
that's a room where i just started
you're listening to the best of the old roger
five sixty two
a.m.
you guys
you're the star
You're getting your car and the streets that's crowded
The traffic's not fast, the land that's lit is out
Get a flatbed, and you're on it again
All is just another day
Just another day
Just another day
I wish for them
You're walking to work, and your thoughts is a scratch
The work is on, and who does the happy and refused
The work, and you don't
Get your race
Get off the work, and the streets are still crowded
The traffic's not fast, and the bridge is built out
And the record of church bus and the nuns are bleeding from their ears
All is just another day
Just another day
Just another day
I wish for them
You're getting your car and the streets are still crowded
The kids are all screaming, and the garbage is making a noise
The smell man's cold
Definitely not yours
So you start thinking out only to forget all your problems
Doing your plastic, throwing up in the bowl
While the man's room is doing 360s around him
You're throwing a big chunk of land in your head
Just another day
Just another day
Just another day
I wish for them
So you lost a confusion, you stumble about
Wondering why you were born in such a stinking hell over what you call life
So you look, or you're gone
And you hope it's still loaded, and you aim it at your head, and you slowly pull the trigger in
K
Yeah
My mom is already very
really
proud of me
on the air at WQ radiance
and I love you so
I'm tired of the hackney posters
living me
the listeners can't hear the show on hold
no
the studio is missing
that self-unshutting
a bit
of the engineers in that home
that's right
WQ AM in Miami
All right that's with the four bullets
and moving up fast
here's we got 191 votes on our poll question for Cubans only
at neo-wages.com 191 votes
should ali-on go back with this father
149
78 percent
close to 80 percent but a little bubbling under
stay here 42
21.9 percent
so 78 to 22
by the way the last trade on
BZ at 106 p.m. was
behind on D.V.G.I.
and even
behind not eight
not ten
not behind
yes
wow
see I'm watching days of our lives now in seven
maybe something will happen
you think something's going to happen with a father
before two
at least it's an excuse
maybe there's that couple be underneath it again
but I doubt it
but there's bowl okay
there's old bowl
who just turned 72 by the way
and we're an amazing thing
nobody corrected me on this
because nobody in this
if they watched days of our lives
they wouldn't be listening to the show
Alice Horton is still alive
how do you like that?
you know Alice Horton?
McDonald Keri was
Tom Horton on there
the one it says
like Sands through the Hourglass
what a bad show this is
ridiculous
in fact I think Stefano
probably killed him
but at any rate
and Alice Horton
the Yamama she's still alive on here
I saw it like last week
one of those several days
I walked out
there was Alice Horton
I think she's
kind of Tim Horton
this thing isn't
I'm sorry
I'm starting up again
here's Miami
hello
Miami
hello
yes sir
that's me
I love you Shale
you're one of the only people
here in Miami
that alert the community
is what the hell's going on
in this banana republic
absolutely correct
now
that damn
that damn bush
physical up
national guard
because these people
are like he said
they're not like he said
but they are tourists
don't forget these are the same people
those on the Everglades
I came on watch my damn TV
there are no taxes
and got there war-grick
war games
flying the American fire
yeah shooting themselves in the feet
no you sh**
so now you keep it up
you should go
you should have been that
okay thank you
you said quickly
five six seven
oh five sixty
five sixty
five sixty
well he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
he said no
connecting
,
a
Toronto may believe something much more important than alien up here that right now any day of the week just ask me
I'll tell you and by the way tomorrow night the abruans game the last homes a game of the regular scenes for the panthers no TV
I mentioned that right now was originally supposed to be an ESPN or douche game or something like that and they changed in mind and so Fox
Are we gonna do it now? We don't want to overwork Rimmer and
Especially these pot van after that nude photo got out of her. Oh, did you see that on a wall back here?
Yeah, it's a picture card. It's a stripper from the Orlando and her name is Denise Pathan POTV. I
Just another boob
See the reading this day. I'm sorry when it gets to this time of the day and try to straighten these lines up
You can you can get vertigo. Where's Alfred Hitchcock when we need him?
Here's Kendall. Hello, Neil good afternoon. Yes, sir
Imagine the guy that has to sleep with that crazy Cuban lady
I would blow my brains out. Yeah listen in my hands
I have limited edition Beninjari's peppermint ice cream with dark and white fudge chunks. Wow
It is great. You get that
Cubics what do you mean limited edition?
Yeah, the only day once in a while they come out with a batch of ice cream. I have something real good
And like Wendy's is famous for doing that something that you really love and then they discontinue they take it away
I'll be damn it. I gotta try it. It's great. Damn it. Arby's used to do that too. That's why I stopped going there
But this is really good. Okay, you'll come back for more. Thanks for the good news. I am on Zagazam
How I know that last guy was Jewish was he Jewish?
You could just tell you know can't you tell certain people on the phone you can tell her Jewish
If they say oh, no, he didn't say boy be get it. You know, he didn't speak it. I shouldn't say oh you could have
What do you know? I or we're ground with Goy that's what you know Goy Goyish
Like the bird used to say boyish and boys. Is he saying anymore? No, he's dead
Boy, oh, yeah, and you know, I forgot to tell you this
It's embarrassing. You know who asked me with a serious look on his face is that really true?
You guys just making that up at the hockey game last week
You're good close friend Paul Harvey Jr
I said is that the kind of thing you we would joke about that we would make up that somebody died and
He looked at me went
Like that must think you Alex about it. Oh my god
On the by the way Steve Cain just did died. I'm sorry. Oh
Just his numbers. You know his numbers will never die because he doesn't have any
It's just like WFA and Waffin are their numbers gonna die. No, because they don't have any not one diary that one single measly
Or that's a measly behind see that no they thought I said beasley. Oh, oh, just behind. Oh
It's automatic. I have to was
behind
First it off automatic. We have to touch it. It's like voice activated now
Your listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 Q a.m.
Long long time ago
It was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lot of nine
And no one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American war
So they party like it was 1899
The war events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver
I promise that was kept
With that famous one small step I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent
Accentuary we will present
This is how it went
My
My house it's not my
It's started something for it many tears we did cry
For the century
It's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a knife
Our hands with you have gone by
He don't start it when you guys were right when they put in there blame me to fight
And the thought of radio
Signified had his love to thank and once a theory and max plank and the Titanic that story we all know
Well world war one it soon began with shooting arch to Francis Ferdinand
I
And
It was
And then Russia had its
Evolution
The ocean
Manapulees we won't see again
Jesus come by
And we were singing my
My house it's time it's it's started something party many tears we
Decry for the century
It's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a knife
100 years have gone by
That is
The
New model
And then birdland in
The
The
And then some moldy red
And then a fill in wall street and the great depression and women would both like you and me
And
Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and world war two would soon begin
Make your return from land
The project
Minnesium
Evolution
Trials
In Tennessee
We caught a first book at TV
And the day that lived in
Infamy
Regis
Come by
And we were singing my
My house it's time to decide it's it's started something party many years we declined for the century
It's time that we say goodbye
It all happened in the blink of a knife
100 years have gone by
When playing Winston they were stupid winning starting with the
Decade invasion
But at what in a hauling call
In Russia no one did the props
And Germany they find these laws discovered the horrors of the Holocaust
Batman little boy and only gave
Change your whole world on that very day
Tredo had just begun
And China grew five months later
The first player in baseball that was black
Is real god there a whole man back
Massachusetts elected
Jack
Go on
Three years gone by
And we were singing my
My house it's time to decide it's started something party many years we declined
The century it's time that we take it by it all happened in the blink of a knife
100 years have gone by
Separate for equal needs such a fact
Roasted to tide when on the
Holyoke cured with the vaccine
In Russia get us big time with spots next
Our troops into Korea quick discovered
The double
Tealik
Geem
Oh JFK lets us wait too soon
But promise to get us all to the moon
You reased first in space
Yeah until we did it rest
And the French have been climbing to the night
Cubusness all gave us quite a fright
Now these Asia is on to fight
A hundred years gone by
And we were singing my
My house it's time to decide it's started something party many years we declined
The century it's time that we take it by it all happened in the blink of a knife
A hundred years have gone by
Neal's time step with the big news
Rovers way gave women right to choose
Nixon resigns about water gates
Got the troops that have Vietnam
Had hostages taken by Iran
And a virus made us too scared to go day
Tested to baby tell the law
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft
Chernobyl explosion
The Berlin Wall gets broken
The USSR says goodbye
Some students in China they did try
Seven died in the Florida sky
A hundred years gone by
And they were singing my
My house it's time to decide it's started something party many years we declined
The century it's time that we say goodbye
It all happened in the blink of a knife
A hundred years have gone by
We were singing my
My house it's time to decide it's started something party many years we declined
The century it's time that we say goodbye
Because a hundred years have gone by
Neal died
WQA
A hundred years have gone by
I took a call from the sonic
They say the future needs that some
Now I can get no job
Because I don't got no more grudges
I was talking like an old bee growing
You know I don't accept the house as a way
Now I can't do something
But my heritage say it's that okay
Change my name to shoot flow
Drive a douche-seller called a Amy Cannon
I remember when I was feeling old
I missed cars hanging outside
The building there bought
Grind the blues out
Father Jesus
Why did the judge know
You're a foe
It's time to pass
But if I'm to keep my mouth adjacent
Now I'm tired
I got you
Go and shut the whole sack of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Lord, you want to borrow your song
Ibanik's makes me sound Sunday
Got nothing to do with the rest of the street
Now I got to make more money
Play the fool, sound good to me
I got plenty of nothing
Ibanik ain't getting me anywhere
Maybe I'll mug an old like it
Feel the first and fuller head
Then I'm gonna take some money
My burial and the fridge are dead
I remember when I was feeling old
I missed cars hanging outside
The building there thought
Grind the blues out
Now it's usar the people
Cut the beat
But then we've got no jobReady
And seven
Five
So the p day
So the p if my mouth adjacent
Now time
Got to go
In á tr healthcare
ressail
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Track of cake
Before I get into this great article by Phil Muschkin, I'd say Muschkin, Muschnik in the
TV Guide.
That's somebody just facts to me about the, and very timely, by the way.
Thank you so much, sir, whoever you are.
Anyway, Phil Muschnik writes this in this week's TV Guide, under the sports view column.
He says to end a very bad copy, so I'll bear with me.
Okay, that's going to be hard to read.
But Fitz write in with his last professional Negro.
Two months after John Rocker revealed himself to be a young fool with a bigoted bent, he
remained as a national symbol of hatred and intolerance.
This is called piling on.
And more and more, he's liable to become a martyr to the flip side of freedom of speech.
For now, Rocker is an excellent example of selective persecution.
After all, there is no group in this country that's hate-free or holds an exclusive right
on pain.
Consider that Reggie White, NFL star in the devoted servant of God, said much the same
as Rocker.
He said that homosexuals exist as undesirable citizens, only white set a throne of pulpit.
Last month, White made a guest appearance on CBS's Touched by an Angel.
You think any such appearances outside of Portraying Satan are now available to Rocker?
No.
The NAACP demanded that Rocker's bigotry should spell the end of his baseball career, that
the brave immediately fire him.
Yet the NAACP is provided White's bigotry with a convenient look-away pass.
It's interesting that Rocker's infamous remarks appeared in Sports Illustrated.
Six months earlier, SI had published anti-Semitic remarks, uttered by Richard Williams' father
of Tennis Stars Venus and Serena.
Yet the NAACP wasn't moved to condemn Williams, and in fact, the author of the piece excused
Williams' bigotry is evidence of his flakiness.
Rocker, who might be everybody's flaky, was issued no such pardon.
Graves legend and board member Henry Aaron has expressed how deeply offended he is by
Rocker's across the board ethnocentricity, but where is Aaron bin all these years while
American Indians lobbied the braves to cease their insensitive stereotypical portrayals
of Native Americans, especially Tomahawk Chop demonstrations.
Major League Baseball is revised by a rocker.
See, look at the copy.
Revolced by Rocker's comments, Rocker was ordered one to go a psychiatric evaluation
and was then suspended until the second month of the season, but where was Major League
Baseball after anyone of Graves owner Ted Turner's infamous bigoted statements or were these
just evidence of Turner's flakiness?
Enough already with Rocker.
If quality is the goal, either everyone gets punished or nobody gets punished.
Nice going here by Phil Mustick in this week's TV Guide, under Sports View.
And that's exactly correct.
And there are a lot of people just like this caller before.
You see, it's okay if black people want to be bigoted, that's all right.
It's okay to be a black racist and talk about honkies and make all kinds of grotesque comments
about every other minority.
That's okay about Jews and Fags in this one and that one.
Then it's okay.
But if some asshole like Redneck like John Rocker comes out and makes these comments,
then we have to have a big song and a dance and he's got to get suspended and the NAACP
and Jesse Jackson, they're all in there piling on.
But you're bullcrap, you want to have it both ways.
And let me say it again, no more, no more affirmative action, no more bullcrap, okay?
No more trying to force people to pay back for things that were done 300 years ago,
50 years ago, 100 years ago, no way.
Get an education, get a brain and stop whining and complaining to everybody else
that everybody's picking on you.
Like a little kid in the schoolyard.
And this business about Cecil Collins, let me say it again, if he was as white as the fallen
snow, what difference would it make?
But there's some nigger-fulb in the media there that keeps frittin' these stories
just because it happens to be going on.
You wouldn't be talkin' about it if he was white.
Just like Ray Karuth and the Ray Lewis, the fact that they're black.
It's not because of the crimes that they're accused of.
That's not what people are talkin' about.
Just like O.J. Simpson, it wasn't because he was accused and we knew them well that he murdered two young people in cold blood.
Notice because he was black.
What a pile of crap that is.
Here's one of the most revered, admired, semi-literate people in the history of American culture, O.J. Simpson.
But it just so happened that because it became like a daily soap opera for a month after month after month
America became just embroiled in it, that's why it was on everybody's tongue.
That's why people hate him like poison because they know he's a cold blood and a murderer.
Not because he's black.
And I'll say it again.
This is this bear's repeating.
Every time I get a call like that, did any white group defend Ted Bundy and say that he was picked upon because he was white?
John Wayne Gacy, David Berkowitz, Richard Speck, Charles Manson, Jeffrey Dahmer,
were gay rights groups defending John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Dahmer?
Oh, I don't think so.
My dark, complexed friend.
But how anybody could inject race into the Cecil Collins thing, man.
You need some serious help.
You need to find a life.
Get a hobby.
He's got one.
What's spitting watermelon seeds?
I bet he can spin him.
I'm pretty free.
Peace.
For peace.
That's what the Cecil was looking for.
I guess the thing with the arena, I guess maybe a salvathor is got a point.
It's only me.
I give the people an opportunity.
I thought we get a lot of calls from that with people with their comments, good, bad or indifferent.
Nobody cares about that.
In fact, you will hockey people with that crowd.
Not only can't they talk about the games.
They can't even talk about what's going on there.
That has nothing to do with the game.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil got high.
How you doing?
OK.
Long this the first time call.
Yes, sir.
Easy.
Take it easy on me.
OK.
That was enough time.
You know, isn't it?
But at least.
OK.
Great question.
I'm Johnny Groh.
Neil, I'm a white American.
I'm gringo.
OK.
I was born and raised here in Miami.
I was going to school up state in New York.
And I just came back and I was talking to some of my Cuban friends.
And we were talking about that kitty down.
Oh, Jesus God.
OK.
And they gave me a point of view.
And I like to pass it to you and get your thoughts on it.
And what they were saying is that this kitty may be baby Moses.
Yeah.
You think that's a possibility?
And you think that we ought to be discussing that,
so you think that that's a common way
to be discussing is whether he's the baby Moses.
You're right, sir.
You're weak.
Get out of here.
He's calling me asking you like seriously.
You see the baby?
Yes, he is the baby Moses.
In fact, his friends call him Macy back in Cuba.
They call him Macy for short.
And they leave me.
Maybe George is the operative word because that's
what the abuela said really short.
And they grow an inch, anchron a silly millimeter is what they said.
And they squeezed it a couple times and it started growing.
And they said better cut that out.
Yeah, they made it grow.
You know, really sorry.
All my grandparents died before I was born.
Yeah, look at what I missed out of shame.
You missed out.
You could have looked at him through your evil eye.
There's a guy.
He sucks.
OK.
OK.
Hello.
I am a black female American.
And I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 610 AM
currently.
And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made
referring to black Americans.
It is ridiculous that the weather they are talking about people
on welfare because there are more white people on welfare.
In America, then blacks, there's more white trash out there.
They're not trying to get jobs.
They just want to lay around and have babies from black people.
And I would appreciate it if you would stop making those
horrendous comments because I'm sick and tired of it.
And I will call my warriors.
She will call her lawyer, by the way.
First of all, good morning to my good friend, Salvatore J.
Farulo, who's the general manager of Boston Consessions Group.
And I don't care if you people out there
know how to answer a bunch of pussy.
Because I'm always the guy that's got to come forward
to the big balls and tell it like it is.
The food, if you're wearing a sucks, it's overpriced.
The portions are small.
The choices horrendous and it's unacceptable, Salvatore.
That's the answer to it that you're looking for.
OK, sweetheart.
With or without your guided tour?
With or without your brainwashing and propaganda?
Your food sucks.
Here's a big report on the alley.
Hello?
Go on.
OK, pick it.
I guess you expect this.
Why are we just on here?
I guess you expect us to, you know, just drop everything
and, you know, drop the spot and our pants
and just put them on right away.
Sorry.
Sorry.
They got him.
Maybe they got him out there on the alley.
Woo!
Yeah, I thought, what does that smell?
Oh, that's right.
Josh Freeman's in the building.
Or maybe it's Bruce Beasley.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Or you know, when you're sleeping,
and dumps through all night, you don't wake up smell
too good in the morning.
You know what I'm talking about?
I bet you do, Bruce.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Kendall.
This is going to be two in a row?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, sir?
Yes, did you leave?
I'm calling you from Kendall.
You're calling from Kendall with a phony voice like this?
No, not that.
How long you been working on this voice, Mike?
No, sir.
Yes, sir.
No, yes.
I'm an Indian American, sir.
You're an Indian American with a voice like this?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes.
Bad fake Indian American voice.
I don't...
I don't...
I don't...
I don't...
I don't...
How you doing?
I don't know.
Yeah, ok good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Yes.
We're on a run now, baby.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir, good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I do have a story about the macarine actually.
I was there about about a month ago.
That was the last time I ate actually.
I mean, is this a difficult question that I'm asking this morning?
Well, you know, you got a lot of brain dead people out in Miami, especially that one gentleman
who called a couple calls ago. Maybe we could get John Rocker to beat the living crap out of that guy.
Anyways, I was at the Macarena. Are you a Negro phobes, sir?
No, sorry. I'm just checking.
Okay. I was at the Macarena a couple of, about three weeks to a month ago.
And I have to agree with a lot of the people down here, including yourself, that the food is very overpriced for very poor food.
I actually did have food poisoning for about, I would say about 24 hours.
Yeah.
That was it. I was literally shmitting and puking at the same time.
And all I could picture was a...
How do I get to go?
What did the gentleman who served it to me was laughing. That's all I could think about.
Absolutely terrible. I will never eat there again. And I still support my panthers.
Right. Well, supporting the team has got nothing to do with eating the crap that they're...
I keep trying to point that out to the public, and a lot of these people don't get that. They don't understand that.
Well, $6, $6 a burger, and I mean, $4 for a coke.
Plus, you can't even eat really again because you got to tell people every other second to shut up and sit down because it is nothing but a social event.
I still got to go there, I got to support the team.
Okay. Have a great day. Thank you.
Thank you. God bless you.
I don't want to get into all this other stuff about whether it's a social event and people are smoothing it.
I've got nothing to do with the hockey game, with what's going on there.
It has to do with the fact that here is a place where they charge you.
They soak you in arm and leg to go there for whatever the event is.
And then they expect you to go and subsidize their concessions.
And they suck.
$5, $6, $7, $5, $6, $5, $6, $5, $6, $8, $8, $2 wireless line.
I mean, how difficult, yeah, it's just like with airplane food.
Why is it such a difficult science? I don't understand that.
Even the cavemen were, you know, somehow they managed to eat something.
You know, they put together a pretty good meal.
Or maybe not so good, although maybe even better than the, and it sure is how cost a lot less than what we're paying at the Macarena.
No question about that.
Don't be 50 dollars.
But it's not like we're talking rocket science here.
We're talking about, all, look at all the good restaurants we've got in town.
How come you can't go into a sporting event where they're soaking you in arm and, I mean, like the restaurant other than a Titanium course.
But they, restaurants, they don't charge you like a, some kind of an entrance fee to get in for the honor of ordering their food.
You follow what I'm saying?
So you're already paying to the North to go in there to see a sporting event or a concert, whatever.
You think it's the very least that people that are in charge of the restaurant part of it.
They want to put something good in there.
It's like you said you're a captive audience.
Right.
You have no option.
Exactly to make it a pleasurable experience.
And the fact is, it's not.
You thought that it was pasta salad, but it's not.
Here's a mobile in the Weston. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Nill.
Yeah, I hadn't called about that brother that was on the phone before the break.
Yeah, that's the Niggany Grow, yes.
Can you believe it?
All he has to do is, all he has to do is go home, watch the ET in the afternoon, and see all the niggeries on the wall to see.
Right.
And there's this retake you, this man.
I'm going to listen and use this later.
Right.
And I believe in that there's a lot of money that I think.
Well, I'm a black American, by the way.
So have a good day.
And back to you.
See, there's a black American for you right there.
There's a darkie, a smoky, a good guy.
Yeah.
A coco coco cocoon.
Yeah, some of you people need to get out of your coco cocoon and like see the real world now and then.
Just be sure you're going to write neighborhood 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't forget the Q and Vandal.
It's a California pizza kitchen 2301 North Federal Highway from 12 30 to 130 free passes to the New Times International beer fest on Friday, February 25 and then Reno, Galpaz is to from the nephew.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
New. Yes, sir.
What's up?
Hey, I knew you have a list of what I'm only that buying a little bit of a car at a stereo system out of the truck of the car.
Are you rising?
Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Boca.
Neil.
I mean, we lost contact with the audience all of a sudden.
I mean, what's going on here this morning? Yes, sir?
Hello. How are you?
OK. I got to tell you I can care. I think the food at the macaroni sucks.
Especially the hot dogs. You would think that that's the biggest selling food they have in there that they would have a decent hot dog.
I mean, how hard is it? I mean, why couldn't they get like Nathan's to come in here and set up other plenty of places where you see Nathan and Nathan's make good hot dogs?
They go into shum malls, you know, like where in fact there's a Nathan's right over there in the in the sawgrass.
Yeah.
Why couldn't they get why couldn't they get Nathan's to come in and set up a hot dog thing there or somebody that knows how to make food as opposed to these Boston concessions people who all they do is present you with crap there.
I mean garbage.
Have you been down the American Airlines arena? No, sir.
Well, the hot dogs are not bad, but they do have a lot of yellow seats and the yellow seats disguised as people.
Yeah. That's all I got.
OK, thanks. OK, he likes the wini's better there at Mickey's place. He likes what Mickey's looks in the wini.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 9. See, this is the end of the attitude. Most people are complacent. They don't give a crap.
They grumble about it. They don't care. Here's the guy that came to me and gave me his business card and obviously somewhat concerned over the comment that he heard on the show.
And as a result of his coming over and giving me his business card, he inspired me to come on and go ballistic this morning, which I am.
So as usual, I have to do the guy named Leg Work in the month work for a bunch of suckers out there that are willing to cough up their hard earned buff for any kind of crap they want to get any kind of slap their will in the give you.
I don't understand it. Why does it have to be sloped? Why can't it be quality? Why can't it go? We're not expecting shut up. We're not expecting, you know, some Fantish man to go gourmet meal.
Unless, of course, you're one of those multi millionaires that's sitting up there with in the section that the rest of us can't get to.
See, you want to give me a guided tour of all that high highfalutin stuff up there. The rest of us can't get to it.
And I don't want no free pass to go up there and to be able to get to it. I'm not interested in that. I want to be right down there with the real shoulders right belong.
Especially after all those great stock tips for my guy over there, right, Wayne? Oh, I understand it's, but I mean, but I'm out by yeah, right. Okay, whatever you say, whatever you say, sweetheart.
You can almost smell the pile growing under his desk yesterday.
Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil. Yes. Here's the interesting thing about Boston concessions. You know, all those people that bring you the food and ring it all up. Yeah, they're not paid.
What do we buy that? Let me explain it to you. My son does this. If you have a nonprofit, you sports organization and you have kids that are over 16 years old, right?
They go there and they work and they get 11% of what they sell goes to the organization. In other words, it's 100% right off for Boston concessions as opposed to they paid people.
It's only a percentage right off. Those people aren't paid. Well, but there's a lot of adults there. Those aren't all teenagers looking at the kids. Right, right. The coaches and the parents. There's two. In each concession, there are two paid people.
I've heard this. A manager and a guy in a cook's outfit. That's it. I'm dying to cook. My son was the last night was the stiff night doing it for a nonprofit hockey organization. Yeah.
True story. None of those kids are paid and none of the parents accept one manager because they have to inventory everything at the beginning and inventory everything at the end down to the individual cups and pieces.
So this is like rubbing salt in your room because that makes it even worse that they're gouging with these wild prices and they're not even really paying anybody a salary to work behind a counter.
You got it. Nice. Same thing with pro player park by the way because I was on a football board there and they wanted us to do the same thing. But the problem is you had to have a minimum of 18 parents. You were trying to get 18 parents down into Miami for 16 Sundays, including the Super Bowl.
If it comes to you had a small contract. No. No. Blast in pro player. You had to buy the uniforms from them. Purchase. You had to buy the belt for $18. You have buy this. It's starting to sound like an amway scam. You know, like a pyramid deal. Sure it is. Thanks for the good news, sir. All the money goes to Wayne. Okay. Have a good day. Then don't forget. Just say to Boston concessions. I don't think all of my does go to Wayne. I don't know how that works. Maybe somebody really does know how the deal is and they're reading how much of it goes to you or the county. How they stay are they slice up.
There's like that pizza that they said that crap that they pretend is pizza. They slice up the pie. How hard would be and with all due respect to ponytail and all of our other good friends in a pizza business. But I mean, because he, you know, he that's probably not with his grasp to do that. But why couldn't they have like pizza hut come in there? You know what I'm talking about? Less profit. Better food less profit. Well, you know what? To your profit. That's why I don't eat your food in the macaroon and I won't. And this you want to improve it put something good in there that maybe I could eat.
That maybe was edible at a reasonable price. Seriously, that Philly cheese steak sandwich. I eat that couple of weeks ago. It gave me a break. My dogs, both of them who eat anything. I mean, there is nothing in the world that they won't eat. In fact, yeah.
But I'm going to tell you need they would have turned their nose up at the thing. They would have laughed. They would have started wagging their tail and looking at me with that smile. Like, are you you're shot in me? Are you think I'm going to eat this?
No way. Hozay Philly cheese steak sandwich and this salvator for rural brings me his card with a straight face. I mean, yeah, it seemed like a nice enough guy.
I just happen to believe that if he's a general manager of this Boston concessions and he's one responsible for their stuff that they're putting out there at those prices that maybe he's a nice guy who happens to be in F.
You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm talking about? A nice guy who just don't get it. Or maybe he just doesn't have any taste buds. Maybe his taste buds were scraped off as a young man.
Maybe it doesn't understand the severity of the swill that they're pumping out of those concessions stand.
You ever think you the best of real Roger on 560 QA have?
I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Sports at Radio WQ.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Okay.
Hey there, rodent lovers. March is all you can eat. Weasel month at Red Hamster.
They're handsome. What about it?
We're three tasty new rodent platters. There's deep fried field mice, fielin eat muskrat and of course our world famous hamster mouth.
Got to give you bacon double cheese, weasel cheese and the over here.
And our platters are always fresh. Not like those other rodent places. Because we keep them in and on the wheel, light up until they hit the spank.
Try our tasty roadside pizza. Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes.
It's good. And don't forget to visit.
We have some chocolate chips on some candy.
Yeah. And I'm gonna have a hot apple pie. I will mold them.
Red hamster for the golden lovers.
Red hamster. On main street, a gong from Jerbil game.
And beat that gator meat.
Are you happy with your current job? Get the training you need today for the jobs of tomorrow at HIT.
Hookers in training will teach you what you need to know to succeed in business today.
Well at HIT, I learned what kind of heels to wear. Where to stand. They taught me all kinds of tricks like how to give a hammer and where to put my gum while doing it.
Now I'm more confident, turn and trick. Thanks to HIT.
Get the training you need at HIT to give jobs tomorrow. Hookers in training couldn't be right for you. Call HIT at 1-800-How Much.
Yeah, we'd be working at HIT only in this case they left off the first letter.
Hey, take a look at that phone. You know what I'm saying? I am so sick and tired.
You hockey people. Goodbye. This is official. Goodbye.
Not only can't they discuss the team, the game, the sport, anything that's going on there intelligently. They can't discuss even the food.
They have no opinion on it. So goodbye and don't waste my time. Don't come by Schmussman and suck it up to me when I'm there in the game because you will not.
You won't you won't play the game. You got no opinion. You got nothing to say. Don't hide. I don't do a show one on there.
I go to see the game. Okay. They give me the tickets for free. I go there to be left alone to watch the game.
I don't want to be doing a show with anybody there with a bunch of people that refuse to call this show and have anything to say.
You can sit there and bitch and be like to the people around you that isn't going to get back to Salvador J for rule over the people at Boston Concession and Wayne,
I pinga in the organization. Here's an opportunity to come on the air and say something. Well, they do it. No. No.
So my frustration level with that will crowd. I mean, just go away. Go to get out of my life. I just write you people off.
Like those people last year, the beginning of the season when they came in the first games coming to me.
The OG or C-3 are too small. You got to do something. You got a bitch in complain. I've always had to be the spokesman.
They already got one spokesman in the organization. Okay. I can't be the spokesman. They only got one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. We listen to the 80 and you love you and group in there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got a couple last week at a cat, the Macarena. Yeah.
I went in there and I took a couple of cheeseburgers with me because I couldn't afford the food. Uh-huh. I got kicked out.
You think you can't take food in there just like P.P. Park. They will frisk you. They will give you a body search, a cavity search. You can't take food in there.
Hey, but the guy that kicked me out was laughing in my face eating the food. So thanks when he pushed me out.
Exactly. Well, at least they had some good food in there anyway. Yeah, right. Thanks a lot.
Okay. That's a good idea. You guys that really don't care much about seeing the games just bring some good food in that. Yeah.
We'll split it up. We'll divvy it up. Yeah. We'll have a special counter. That only a few of us will know about where it is.
Seriously, this, this town is the most deadhead goddamn freaking place on the face of the earth.
And you know something? The reason that they give you the crap that they do at the prices that they do is because they can.
Because you're stupid enough to keep coming back for more. If I open up a steak restaurant and I give you a horse meat.
That tastes like horse meat. And I charge you an extraordinary price for what I call a steak and you keep coming back for more and more and all your friends keep coming in and just say it.
It's ain't too bad. You know what? I'm going to continue doing it. We'll give you all the Schmidt that you that's fit to eat.
Isn't that what they say? They heard all the Schmidt that's fit to print something like that rhymes with fit.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Welcome back. First of all.
And my girlfriend works over at the Macarena for Boston Concession. So that guy doesn't know what he's talking about.
I know she, she, she's looking for another job as it is. But yeah.
So I made about a while. I've heard that before too that they have.
Yeah. About about about a third of the people in there are volunteers. They have heard like church groups and stuff like that.
And they get paid, you know, the whatever, you know, volunteering, whatever the volunteering there's time for gets paid.
What kind of a scam is that? I have no clue.
I mean, if you open up a commercial restaurant and you had a bunch of people working in there, waiters and waitresses and so on, I mean,
and nobody was getting paid or even getting their tips and they're just a percentage was going to some charity.
I don't know. That would never fly. That would never happen. Nobody would work like that.
That's exactly why all the arena workers for the old Miami arena were all up in arms because the new arena,
100% of the concessions are run by the volunteers now.
You mean the Miami and Miami.
But the up in the Macarena, it's about a third of them.
Yeah, for the concessions. Why is the food have to be so bad and so overpriced?
I have no clue. Supposedly it's a lot better in club and they're only doing that to the regular people.
But they still shouldn't be doing that. They can be able to afford it.
The regular people, let me say it again, my tickets are $60 a seat.
Does that sound like a schlepper regular people to you? 60 bucks a ticket?
That's why I don't go to the games because I can't afford them.
But people can't afford to go to the games and even if we are willing to pay the absorbent in prices, why is it that for six or eight bucks you can't give somebody a decent sandwich unless they happen to be up there with the oblunos in the club level?
I don't want to sit in the club level.
Yeah, I couldn't answer for that.
Okay, thanks pal.
All right, the good luck to your girlfriend you'll need it.
So there you go, the pop deep skittin' thicker and thicker.
I bet you that my good friend Salvatore Frootl was real happy that he gave me that business car last time.
Listen Sal, let me tell you, I just tell it like it is.
If I had good experiences, if I had good things about your food, if I thought the prices were fair, I'd come on here and sing your praises and say, hey this is really great.
I've done it many times before.
But in your case, it blows.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay, you said that you probably do a lot of flying.
You do any flying out of Lauderdale in a national airport?
We're not in a long time.
Okay, I'm a pilot and I fly out of there.
Next time if you have, as you're leaving there, look on the north side of the field.
You can see how thing is a little rainy air force.
And I think most of your money that's going on there is particular and those airplane.
You've got to be very good to fly over there.
So next time it's acting out, just to say a little bit about there.
I mean, there's some serious fire and nothing.
Okay, I'll give them a big wave.
I'll give them the Italian salute.
Thanks for the good news.
Fly facer.
Okay.
Israel O'Caillard's agreement between the Vatican and the Palestinians is once again the Pope.
Here's a man in the dress pissing off the beanie babies.
Yeah.
Yeah, they signed a big accord with the PLO yesterday.
They signed it.
He said he thought that the asset was a snappy dresser.
Of course it's all relative.
You don't understand that.
Yeah.
And he said, you know, maybe you want to wash that dress like maybe once a month would be good.
But other than maybe bathe like once a year before we have these big meetings.
Before we hold our meat, he said we always insist that the altar boys take a bath before we...
Yeah.
Here's a man in the dress pisses off the beanie babies over there in Israel because he's consorting with the PLO.
And never met a terrorist he didn't like.
Not to mention Fidel by the way, which very conveniently all the Catholics down here, all the Hispanic Catholics just kind of overlooked.
And we're still waiting for the baby Jesus and all this other great stuff, all the good stuff to come in from the Vatican.
Is it coming?
No.
Is it going to like save Cuba from the devil?
No.
No.
But it was good PR.
And of course the Vatican likes PR and then again those three letters that come right after PR.
Once again we're having to beat the audience to a bloody pulp to try to elicit some kind of a comment from them.
Which is one piss poor sad commentary about this town and the people who just destroy it.
The people who crawl around in it.
You're listening to the fact the real Roger on 560 Q.A.A.
You're listening to real sports radio.
It's a real fun I'm sorry.
Sports radio 560 Q.A.A.
Today's broadcast is brought to you by new Succoncline, the all-purpose cleaner.
See this shirt?
It's f**king clean.
How nasty is this carpet stain?
Well just drop down your knees, use a little bit of elbow grease and s**t and clean it.
Yes you can f**king clean anything.
F**king clean your dog.
F**king clean your silverware.
F**king clean your car.
F**king clean everything you own.
Get f**king clean today.
Come visit one of our 8 f**king clean stores or look us up on the web at f**kingclean.com.
And f**king clean it up.
Okay here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Hey what's up, Mia?
Yes sir.
Yeah let me tell you where the food is fresh and all these stadiums and arenas.
The reason is because you have these big concessioners, they put bids in.
Right, like Boston concessions group.
Exactly, they put bids in and they're competing against each other.
And in order for them to make money in the end, they have to sell you s**t.
Okay great, I wonder how much that is.
Yeah he said in order to make money, they have to sell you a shmit.
And then of course you can have a cold, you can have hot shmit, which is my favorite.
I mean this is just unbelievable.
This to me is astonishing that nobody gives a crap.
But you know something, if you don't give a crap because nobody's going to force me to buy it,
I'm sorry I even brought it up in the first place, I apologize.
It's just astonishing that there can be so many lemmings, so many sheep out there.
They're more concerned about watching that millionaire show on Fox.
It's on the front page of the newspaper by Tom Jicke who wants to marry a millionaire.
We can't give a million dollars away on Fox because they're doing that in ABC.
And everybody's watching that and then they'll get tired of that.
It'll have to be who wants to be a billionaire instead to make it exciting with those stupid questions.
Like what's your name?
That's what they're busy with.
They're having a good time.
They're savoring it.
They're lovin it.
And they don't have to have it only that doesn't bother them either.
Yeah give me four bucks for a bottle of water.
I have about 15 cents worth of soda which is about 80% water anyway.
Which is like I said it's about 98% water anyway.
And a bunch of chemicals.
Give me a, you could bring in your own two liter bottle.
They were on sale in my public the other day for 79 cents for two liters.
Stop and think about that.
Any flavor you like with sugar, with whatever you want.
79 cents or nearly like maybe 99 cents for a big two liter bottle.
But for the honor and privilege of having you paid an arm and leg and going into a goddamn sporting event.
The same morons, the same dumb people.
I would let it pay three and four bucks for like this much watery crap.
There you go, stir it up trouble again.
We're happy with it.
Okay great.
I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry.
I thought maybe I would like to do a pubic service here today and speak out on behalf of the masses out there.
But I do one of my hand like two or three and a one guy he's happy with his eight dollar record of new sandwich.
He said what's your beef?
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I just wonder what do you think about the panthers lower in some of their ticket prices to maybe throw that place up?
It's not going to happen.
Doesn't it make financial sense if you're only going in 15,000 people into an arena?
The possibly lower the price of some of the silver plates?
No I think it's easy to use this as an excuse to dump the team.
Or will that find any talent in the future?
What do you mean that's not find any talent in the future?
The team is in first place to just one last night three to not have to go in.
Five games at home all season long sir.
What are you talking about?
No it's great team.
Great team.
Don't you think it's going to use as an excuse?
I'm not feeling you're having a problem.
Sir, from your mouth to God's ears, I would only be the first one to tell you that if he would sell the team tomorrow,
I'd be the happiest man on the face of the earth.
You and I both.
Okay.
You and I both.
But why the hell is he going to be in a hurry to sell it?
He's making a fortune there.
He doesn't have to sell it all in 19,000 seats.
And then once the playoffs come, of course, maybe not in the first round,
but if they make it to the second round and they've got a good chance that they will,
that place will be packed.
There'll be a standing ceremony in there every goddamn playoff game.
And they'll be peddling the same high overpriced concessions and the same parking fees and all the other crap.
Like this guy is losing money in here and not to mention all the concerts that he's got the big chunk of in there too.
Everything that goes on in there, he's got a piece.
Yeah, that too.
He's got a piece.
Here's Davey.
Hello?
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I'd like to go ahead and put my two cents in on the whole Macarena food thing.
Yes.
I would say, once I go to my ex-girlfriend, we got the food.
I didn't really get dinner, so I got one of those chicken wraps.
It's in the green leaf or whatever.
Yeah, and it wasn't that bad.
I mean, it could have been better.
All the food there could be better.
I mean, it wasn't that bad.
I mean, I might be on an island here by myself.
I'm sure I am.
No, I think I am.
Because you're, you know, I'm the only one who's never a problem with that swill.
I mean, with that great food.
But I mean, it could be better.
I mean, anything anywhere.
How much was the chicken wrap?
Oh, God.
It was like a...
Longly $50.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
I don't know.
Like I said, my girlfriend took me out.
She paid for everything.
I'm sure she took out like $100.
There's a parking and a ticket.
And we got it down by you.
And I mean, there's nothing that's from 22-year-old punk that doesn't have season tickets.
It's not going to be able to have a voice and say, hey, I'd like to go and change it to food.
Yeah.
But, you know, I mean, you guys...
For you guys to have all the tickets down there and all the money you're spending,
I'd be really pissed if I were here.
I'm not spending it down because the station gives me those tickets.
You think...
Seriously, I make a lot of money, okay?
But there is no China-Mitch chance in hell that I would spend the kind of money
that they're soaking for season tickets.
I'd buy, you know, certain selective games here and there.
But I wouldn't buy season tickets at those prices.
Understandable.
Have to be nuts.
Well, I guess I'm going to be one of the five people there in the arena
because I'm only a student, so I go to school and hopefully I'll be there and make it to the arena.
Well, just stand there and hold the door open.
I'll be the one racing in.
Turn around the guy's probably two.
Okay.
Thank you there.
Thanks.
Yeah, we love Godfather, so they are sponsored.
No.
But we love him anyway.
So if it's something that's good, I'm more than delighted to share it with the public.
This guy, he's, you know, a 22-year-old guy.
He says it wasn't that bad.
But why does it have to be not that bad?
Why can't it be good?
America doesn't demand quality.
That's what's wrong with you, goddamn people out there.
You settle for any slop that they hand you.
So what's a chicken rat?
A chicken rat.
Oh.
It's wrapped in like a green.
The food is green and then about 20 minutes after you eat it,
then you start turning the same shade of green.
In fact, that's what John had.
That was a Montreal game where we can have a go two weeks ago, just before he had a
appendicitis three in the morning and at a race to the hospital and take his appendix out.
I'm sure it was just a coincidence, you think so?
No.
Yeah.
I'm sure that all those stories I hear about food poisoning are just a coincidence.
See, I'm trying to explain to you folks that if you want to pay a reasonable amount of money,
you should expect to get some quality back and you don't.
You don't.
Leave it to America where the public has to get a goddamn course.
Maybe there should be some kind of a high school or college course and instruction on demanding quality for your money.
Instead of just sitting back and accepting to Schmidt all the time.
Whatever Schmidt that they're willing to head out to you, whatever S.W.L.
I guess of course they brainwash you this when you go to school, if you launch it school,
and they put that slop on a plate.
I mean crap.
Just the worst non-nutricious foul-tasting Schmidt in the history of mankind.
And then you go off to college and of course everything they got has got 50 gallons of salt,
peter loaded in it from the milk to the soda to the steak to everything else that you'd steak to the meatloaf.
That's why they give it a salt, peter because they want to make sure that they can help you make your meatloaf.
Come me down a couple of notches.
So you're conditioning slop.
And I'm not saying, like I said before, I want gourmet, I want something that's edible,
and I want some choices in there.
And I don't give a damn if I'm in here with 17,000 other people and I'm the only damn person that feels this way.
I don't give a crap.
I'm not one of those people. I want to go along with a crowd that's willing to settle for 10th best.
So Mr. Farurro, evidently you've made the public very happy there with that swilla you're passing out.
And ridiculous prices.
They love it.
We did a little experiment here today, and as usual I'm wrong and the public is right.
I'm out of step.
Because I expect maybe something that might be edible like you're getting a real restaurant.
Oh, what a concept.
Here's coconut grove. Hello.
Coconut grove.
Long gone.
Mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Neil?
Great.
I used to have four season tickets to the Macarena.
Yeah.
And for the exact same reason you're talking about, I now probably watch it on my own coach.
I won't eat that, turd.
Yeah.
I don't mind paying for food if it's edible, but the stuff they have up there is just horrible.
Okay. Thanks.
Here's Jupiter. Hello.
Jupiter.
Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Yeah, I made a mistake of going to a hockey game hungry too, and I had a Philly cheese steak, and let me talk to you.
Oh, God.
That Philly cheese steak makes head cheese taste like filet mangan.
Yeah.
It was disgusting, and I'll never eat there again.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
See, there's another vote.
It's a slowly but surely.
We're getting a couple of people out of the work who had the same horrendous grotesque, unacceptable experiences.
How come you go to call her racetrack?
I mean, I haven't been there in a long time, but I'm sure it's probably just as good,
because whoever the concession people are, they make sure that the food is quality, that it's good.
You get a hot dog.
It's a great hot dog.
It's delicious.
Not some green we need that looks like Bob Prince that tried eating it 30 years ago.
I mean, making a good hot dog is this rocket science, making a cheeseburger that's edible, and then of course,
it's a P.P. parking over there, and you get a burger, and they've got them in those, in those, uh,
foil wraps, you know, that they cook up like 55 hours before, 55 days before the game.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like rubber.
Yeah, they're like rubber that like the good-year-old company just brought them in, and they keep them under the heat lamps, you know.
And so everything's like congealed in there.
So you can only imagine once it gets inside your body, if you think it was congealed before you put it in your place,
wow, you can just imagine, talk about IBS, especially the S-part.
IBS and all day long from eating that crap.
Here's Delray Beach, Hilla.
Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I've been to the, um, um, uh, hockey games three times, ate the food, the first two times,
we didn't eat the food, the third time for obvious reasons.
Yeah.
And it was, it was parable.
But my reason for calling is, just got back from Vegas first time, went from my 25th anniversary,
at a great time left the large deposit.
Yeah.
And I, I've been listening to you for a number of years, and you've always talked well of Vegas,
and we had the, the wife had these pre-conceived ideas, which she was going to see out there.
And she was, what about that?
Well, you know, the city side, um, uh, well, what's the east side?
You mean, that's what I mean?
There is no, the bum on the, uh, in the desert that I had on the Harold 20 years ago.
On the front page?
Yes, true, true.
And she loved the shops.
She didn't realize that each large casino had shops.
You bet.
Oh, did you get, did you get into the Paris?
Well, we did.
And she loved the Paris, and I liked the MGM, and, um, she was going to, uh,
spend more at the Paris, at the shops, and we locked at the tables before I could yank her out there, you know, fast, fast, fast.
Yeah, when did you yank her out?
Oh, geez.
And myself too.
Okay.
Uh, the last time I called you, you had to tell me I called you from Cleveland, Georgia,
uh, because you were looked at the other stations, and you had to tell me the baseball score of the Atlanta Braves.
And, uh, so I guess in about another seven to ten years, I'll call you the third time.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll wait down to my calendar. Thanks a lot.
The church will be here then, or some of my ex-jockel be here then.
By the way, I hate to say this.
My good buddy Charles Alfieri, who's a big Panther fan, and comes to all the home games.
He was there last night, rooting for Rangers.
Shame on you, Charlie.
And his lovely wife was saying to him, she was given the Raspberry.
Nice going, sweetheart.
You're listening to the Fath of Neil Rogers on 5.60 WQAM Miami World Lodder Day.
You did a lot of b-
Oh, I see Roger Johnson Sports Hall radio WQA.
Yeah.
Well, I've never known a pilot, because no ride that I make to the round things in there.
And his classic hit of me was mixed up the way of Ruffa for Johnny Tears.
Now, if it be the shot, and in the dribbest goal, then the dies of the bus seat, I'll go to Canada liquid cherry yokes.
Tall baby.
With a good daughter, cherry cherry, baby, baby.
Tall baby.
Johnny Little filled in with his melody to see, and the suspension, now it's a one-touch down the road, in the pit and down the suit of down waves.
The heavy autumn stop the big deal, so they'll get around the beach in the rains.
1979, Mount Mount Gattlesina.
She's so looking bad now, he's my baby Gattles ex.
Tall baby.
Over the North Island, cherry cherry, baby, baby, tall baby.
Johnny Little filled in with his melody to see, and the suspension, still.
Tall baby.
I've got a way to go down, on a rattle of the day, in constant pain, if you don't want to know where you're from.
Sweating fresh, but lost seats, off the smell of the gits, it doesn't look as old as time.
Mama, back to you find the shining ground in the lag light, and my coffee churned, because I've been washing it with alcohol.
Tall baby.
Over the North Island, cherry cherry, baby, baby, tall baby.
My little shop at the news, going over to speed bumps, they pursue.
Tall baby.
Fresh but low in fear, and you'll be better to be in the distance.
Tall baby.
They did bad things, man, over the North.
What's our fourth question today?
What kind of people will I have air fresheners hanging from the rearview mirrors in a car?
I guess people either like, fart a lot or do other things in a car?
Yeah, like that.
Huh?
Cavers up all those tailed-tailed aromas.
Yeah, you can always tell a lot about the character of the person that's driving a car by the kind of crap by the adornments.
See, I don't have any adornments.
I have no bumper stickers, I have nothing hanging from the rearview mirror.
I don't have like a plastic Jesus or a little rainbow flag at a back.
I don't have any crap.
What about that virgin Mary statue?
Well, I forgot about that.
It's not a statue, it's an air freshener.
Well, after all these years, you know, you can get a little stale inside virgin Mary.
It's a renews it.
Exactly.
If you don't use it, you don't renews it.
Look at this phone, baby.
This is just, I just knocked me over with a feather cluster.
These people got nothing to say about anything today.
Here's our last call, mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
You know how you're doing today?
I'm doing okay.
Audience is again in the coma.
Well, I've got a plan.
I've got plenty to say.
Number one, the foot of the arenas.
And you know what, if not for the price of being high, which you could live with because it's high everywhere you go.
Yeah.
The hot dog is cold.
It's never cooked.
The burger stinks.
The fries are soggy.
The pizza is nothing but, though.
I mean, you could just really go on it on, but what's the sense?
The only...
No, no, no, no.
But let me tell you what the sense is.
I mean, this guy obviously was rattled over the fact that I ripped him an ass over there in the year.
And he comes making a way to point a coming to me and gives me his card, the Salvatore for Rulow.
And he wants to know.
I mean, whether they're going to change it or not, I don't know.
But I think he...
Well, they asked everybody else.
I think he deserves...
Well, here's the opportunity today.
He deserves to get an air full.
That's my point.
If it's a cameo that's a come on the air, because I'd love to tell him what I think.
You know, when the season's taken hold, it's a thing that you can say.
You can say there's bottom dollar that he's listening right now.
You can bet your life on.
Three dollars for a bottle of water.
I mean, it's 75 cents of the vending machine.
They got to get three dollars.
But thank last night the game was phenomenal.
It was great.
Thank you, Neil.
And God bless you.
And I didn't spend one dime.
I didn't spend penny on any concessions last night.
I still had a great time.
See, they just...
They break you down.
They break down your resistance.
They squeeze every drop of blood they can out of you.
And then they...
You know, like a bunch of jellyfish.
Okay, okay.
Whatever you say.
Here you go.
Here's just a bag of money.
When you come into these...
You just hand them over.
Here's a bag of money.
Take whatever you need.
Leave me just enough for Gas Money to get home.
Here's a mobile in the gables.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, that was fast.
Wow.
Hey, listen.
I want to dedicate this phone call to a Kune Takensei who called you earlier about his professional
ethics...
His professional Negro, yes.
Yeah.
Listen, you answered him, you feared no man or certain man in this world.
Well, let me let him know something if he's listening right now.
If I'm an ATM or two o'clock in the morning and if Campbell walks up behind me, when you answered,
you feared certain man, I feared no man because the 9-1 meter I had registered to my name,
a lot of men justifies me if that porch monkey wanted to fix something in my face,
they tried to hold me up.
Even though you answered no, I would have answered no either.
Are you think about that, huh?
Okay.
Yeah, you got it.
All right, bye.
I'll see you in the porch.
What, now where did that term ever come from?
Do dark people like a monkey around on the porch?
Is that what that is?
I mean, I know where a spear trucker came from.
That's obvious.
See that guy before that kind of all been out of shape?
And I'm surprised we haven't had many calls about it.
I'm glad this guy did all of his job.
Obviously, he got a little bit of a nigger-fold problem, but nevertheless.
You know, I wish Allen Greenspan would just shut his mouth.
And so, yeah, get out of here.
God.
Well, how come this guy, they have to have their meetings all the time?
Okay, they've got to have their meetings defend.
But every time you turn around, as they say in China, every month they can dunger stick,
they've got to have another hearing in before Congress.
They had the PPI numbers came out this morning.
Whatever the hell that stands for.
What does that stand for?
The producer price index for January.
They expected to go up to 10th of a point.
It went up zero.
Big, I-nz number zero.
And the market started off.
Oh, it was up 120 points.
The Nasdaq was flat.
And now the Dow is down 64 and Nasdaq is up still 50,
but not what it was before.
Because this guy's bap bap bap bap bap bap bap.
Oh, and he smells inflation and is-
Correct him.
Everywhere you look, he smells it.
Whether it's there or not.
I say they should put him in it on the goddamn porch
and monkey around with his ass for a while.
Just keep a lot of these hearings.
This goddamn green-
or a green steam.
Whatever his name is.
Isn't that a bridge to green span?
What am I getting worked up about?
Okay, don't you understand what this town is all about?
Here's a mobile and four-lettered ale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Was that not a great game last night?
Yes, it was.
Oh, man, people were there and it was like,
I hope it was the same way on Saturday.
Yeah, it was wonderful.
For sensational.
Funny story, though.
And by the way, Mike Vernon, there's an unsung hero.
And I've gone there, Mikey for an old guy,
110 years old, he's playing great.
Mike Vernon kept us in that game.
Yes, he did.
Funny thing about the last night,
when I took my parents to the game,
went to the venue, went to get a hamburger for my mom.
Yeah.
And she walked up to the couch with,
I'll take a hamburger medium wrap.
Oh.
Yeah.
She got the hamburger,
she looked at it,
she took the sandwich apart,
and she ripped it into the hamburger,
ripped it apart,
and I can't eat this.
And she flew back at the counter,
and then as soon as we walked away.
All right.
Excellent.
Good move.
Anyway, don't forget.
Don't forget,
hold the lettuce and the pickle
because special orders do upset us.
Or however they say it there.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Oh, yeah, medium rare.
Like they're going to,
like they're going to cook it there for you.
Oh, what a sense of humor she's got.
No, it's a little foil thing,
and it's been sitting there under a lamp
for 25 hours or whatever.
I mean, that fillet takes a cheesecake.
That thing, I'm still a gagging over that.
I think, thank God,
that I had all those tests
and all those colonel,
the colonel things I had to drink and, you know,
spew it out, get out of my system.
Because if there was ever anything I ingested,
that I had to blow out,
that was it.
That fillet cheesecake.
The steak part standing is in mystic.
I know, there's no point in rehashing it.
What's the point of going over the hash?
I understand it's them good.
What is this?
Testified wage increases must continue to rise
the labor marketa,
bop bop bop bop.
Shut him up already up there.
Okay?
Somebody come and drag his ass away
and put him in a cage
until the next Fed meeting.
And then, you keep him in a cage.
Peace of crap.
You're listening to The Factor Neil Rogers
on 560 Q A M.
560 7,
I'm going in to a cage.
Are you f**king kidding me?
No, we're up to our long distance dedication.
And this one is about kids and pets
and the situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither.
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio,
and here's what he likes.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request,
but I'm quite sincere,
and it'll need a lot if you play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuckles.
But he was most certainly a part of us come start again.
I'm coming out of the record.
Play the record, okay?
Please.
See, when you come out of those up-tempo f**king damn numbers,
man, is impossible to make those transitions.
And then you've got to go into somebody dying.
You know, they do this to me all the time.
I don't know what the hell they do it for,
but f**king damn it.
If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it.
Is down on the phone?
Okay.
I want a f**king damn concerted effort to come out of a record
that isn't a f**king up-tempo record.
Every time I do a f**king damn death dedication.
Now, make it, and I also want to know what happened to the pictures
I was supposed to see this week.
It's a god-lass f**king damn time.
I want somebody who's a f**king brain to not come out of a f**king damn record.
That's up-tempo, and I got to talk about a f**king jaw guy.
Boy, this f**king ponderous, man.
Ponderous f**king ponderous.
I don't know how many girls they like to.
I mean, about them who are gay.
I don't believe you're constantly safe in the red-and-in gut.
There is a closet and not coming out because there is too much for you.
There is too much to live.
They refuse to accept that of the capillaries.
I don't know where he's a little swish.
Yet he sold him to boys and boys and it's long.
And thinks that girls smell like spoiled fish.
Try to make it straight.
Try to make it straight.
Try to make it straight.
Try to make it straight.
Try to make it straight.
That is bio-ego, but you know you can't try to change things.
You're wasting your time.
They try to form an issue that challenges you.
Use your imagination to see if you're the one I use.
Change, change, change, change, change, change, change, change.
Oh, look out, you silly ho-ho.
Change, change, change, change, change, change, change, change, change, change.
Try to change things.
You're wasting your time.
Yes, you can try to change things.
But you're wasting your time.
We'll have an emergency update.
By the way, we'll be doing the Friday night WQA unhappy hour cafe, Gwana.
Starting this Friday, it's all confirmed.
560 burger fries and drink special.
The kidney dates are drinks for free.
50 cent bed and bed lights and get to knowwagers.com.
272 to 263.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
Here's the blacky stock.
Okay?
No.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
We're not going to tell you who's winning.
And if you win, please open your ears.
This blarks on the streets in these past days,
This blciu wz hashtag ligus to librarians.
This blciu wz hashtag ligus to blueberries.
The blu we step up to to become ä
and the blcu we try to be into.
And if you win, you will throw right away,
out of value-free position on racial bigotry, McCain had never been invited to the school,
but if he had gone there, he said on Tuesday in the South Carolina debate, he would have
started by saying, look what you're doing in this ban on interracial dating is stupid
it's idiotic, and it's incredibly cruel to many people.
Bush felt otherwise, Bob Jones as he is so patiently explained, is where the votes are.
Never mind it by appearing at the school he was offering de facto support of its policies,
and never mind either that the school still considers Catholicism and Mormonism to be
cults.
I went because I wanted to get out my message of compassion and conservatism, he said on
meat to press.
Only off campus did Bush say he disagreed with the school's policy, he said that his
brother Florida governor, Jeb Bush, had married a girl from Mexico, but the point he was
making again is that he has no principles.
He will not come in on the Confederate flag, he will speak to any group racial or religious
bigots included, and never confront them over their practices.
He has no opinion absolutely none about whether a kid in Kansas should grow up ignorant
on evolution.
Bush is a unique politician, most politicians stand for very little, he stands for nothing.
But he doesn't stand alone, Bush has rung the Firehouse Bell and GOP nutted them, and
look who's come down the pool.
We get Rush Limbaugh frothing about McCain being adored by liberal Democrats, and the
Reverend Robert Pat Roberts is taking time off from his studies of macroeconomics to
wage holy war against the Arizona Senator.
My hands off to Bush, without really being pushed he's moved himself to the extreme right
all by himself.
He's embraced the Kuku vote, the bitter enders who don't know that the Civil War is over,
and the South already has risen, not as a cause alas, but as a vast suburb.
He's recited his anti-abortion devotions and been adopted by racist and conspiracy theorists
the worst elements in the GOP.
Here we come to the nub of the matter, Bush like all the other candidates prattles on
a good bit about leadership.
Alan Kieseghith had untused it and Bush has shown precious little of it at Bob's own
university.
On the other hand, without much prodding, Bush raced to the extreme right all by himself,
out there on that flank with Robert's into the guys from Bob's owns you.
Maybe Bush thinks that's a form of leadership.
He's wrong.
He's merely keeping up with the Joneses.
What a great column by Richard Cohen, who's a hero today from the Washington Post.
There's order way.
Okay.
We'll put it on site.
And let me say I've wrote down at the top as a reminder.
Gary Bauer yesterday endorsed John McCain.
And like I told you, John McCain is every bit as in crack, as a revoting record in the
Senate, far more conservative than George Bush ever dreams of being.
Far more right wing.
So that's what you got offered up there by the Republican Party as usual, right wing
extremism, not one, not two, but three of them this time.
Even a dark, one for those of you folks who are professional Negro fobs or how that
the saying goes.
Negro fobs?
Oh, Negro files.
Here's a mobile and pomp, I've actually had your Hoover had a few of those, some Negro
files.
Probably on Martin Luther.
Here's a mobile and pomp, oh, hello.
Gone?
Okay.
Nice talking to you.
We've had lots of that today, haven't we?
Here's a mobile and four Myers, hello.
Mobile and four Myers.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is there something with this going?
I haven't picked up one call yet today.
Well, I do it just like I do every other day and it takes like 15 different times.
But anyway, how you doing, sir?
I'm doing great.
Neil, I call it a comment.
I call it a comment on the, I guess you called yourself a Negro earlier.
Here's one of the things that can help him solve some of his emotional problems.
Okay.
One, I as a black man do not accept the responsibility of what other black people do.
Okay.
What we should be is a poll at some of the activities and actions that go on inside our race
or say a culture.
Okay.
It is not acceptable to be a rape this or a thug or a thief.
That is unacceptable.
Not because you're black, but because you are a person.
You do know harm just as you say and then you don't have to worry about the stereotypes
that come off.
One of the things you see is a lot of negative activities that go on.
Whether they're overemphasized or not, they steal our reality.
And there is nothing that is wrong with somebody stating the obvious, which is what you do,
Neil.
And I totally agree with that activity.
Okay.
That guy is a, he seems to be extremely intelligent, but he's a moral right.
How many days?
Okay.
He's in under which he's intelligent because he can speak, but he's a moral right because
he ain't learned enough.
There you go.
Okay.
You have a great day, Neil, and keep up the good work, Neil.
Now, stay, just stay.
That's what it is.
We call him a spade of spades.
Have a great day.
Stay, you later.
Okay.
My dark, complicated friend.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
All right.
We actually the first, first time that time.
How nice.
Hey, I gotta say, how come they couldn't give Mike Vernon the number one star?
I thought that was terrible.
They gave it to.
Who did they give it to?
They gave it to Ray Shepherd.
Well, that's Ray had a great game, but I mean, there's a very, even in a contest.
Not that I care a lot about those things, but there's no question, Ray, Mike Vernon kept
the Panthers in the game.
Yeah, Vernon got the third star.
They gave the second to War Rell.
Oh, my God.
It's like a sickness again.
It's like a disease.
I just think of what was that.
That he played a better game than Mike Vernon.
Now, who is the day?
Where has this come from?
I think it's a writer of some sort.
I don't know if it's a fun sense or no.
The Harold, I have no idea, but it's something from a writer.
That's why I don't pay too much attention, though, because whoever picks him needs mental
help.
Yeah, but I'm over in with the star of the game, period.
No question about it.
I will say one thing.
The food is absolutely horrible there.
Yeah.
Last night, there was something more horrible than the food, and that was the officiating.
I thought that was horrible.
That was some of the worst I've ever seen in my life.
And the A.H.
It should be a shame, because that game was on ESPN 2.
Right.
Nationally televised, and these fans all over the country are watching a game being
ref by two morons.
Two, and Dave Jackson, one of the all-time worst one of his worst performances ever.
Absolutely unacceptable and unbelievable.
I know.
Right.
You know, have a great day, and if I see you Saturday night, I'll buy you a fully-cheese.
OK, no thanks.
Bye-bye.
Here's a mobile-led West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I don't think anybody's mentioned this yet.
I hope not, but I'll agree with that.
But didn't read you white spew the same garbage that I've brought.
I read a whole column about that.
I just read it soon about that.
I was going to New York in the TV Guide.
OK, I'm sorry.
I didn't know anything.
I read a whole column about that.
Never had one response to it, of course.
But yeah, that's exactly correct.
I mean, they blew that away.
But then two weeks later, that was all gone and done with.
And we basically just laughed it off as the guy was an idiot.
I don't know why they can't do anything.
Viewed by Phil Martianekets in the TV Guide, page 56, and it says exactly what they're saying.
I'll go get it.
John Rocker, where do you white get the free pass?
But John Rocker, maybe because he's white, the NAACP is also iconic about it.
There you go.
I'll take a look at it.
Double standard.
OK, thank you.
Double standard.
Black people can be predileged.
Predileged use.
But white people, if they say something right away, let's get them fired.
They're bad people.
They're evil.
They got horns and so on.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, buddy.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm listening.
Why do you wear the Republicans to make out that McCain has to be a liberal?
But you're saying that he's a staunch conservative.
Who said the Republican said he's a liberal?
Whoever said that?
I'm not saying the liberal, but they're saying he's not a real conservative.
Well, because he's not their man.
I don't know.
Pat Robertson figures that it can manipulate him as much as they can manipulate Bush.
I have no idea.
But his voting record in the Senate is 100%.
I mean, right wing as far as he can go.
I think I've got to remember he's from Arizona.
Whether there's a lot of right wingers, or he's got to be played in the same place.
Well, no, no, no.
He needs to play in the same place.
He needs to play in the same place.
He needs to play in the same place.
So in other words, that's an excuse that would your son make use of that policy, Neil.
You come up.
Is there some other words like Newt Gingrich was from Georgia, so that made it okay or Bob Barris from Georgia?
I made it okay, but that's who voted him in.
Sir, it's here what you're doing.
We're not having a conversation.
What you're trying to do is rationalize the fact you like McCain.
If you like McCain, more power to you.
I'm just telling you he's a right-wing extremist.
10 times better than Gore.
Well, that's up to that's your opinion.
Gorgeous pussy.
Okay.
You ought to know.
I love the way these people try to manipulate a bit.
Oh, well, yes, to do that because that's in a state.
And that's why he voted against having Martin Luther Coon Day.
Until it became politically unacceptable.
And that's why he's against the one's right to choose.
And every other guy airs the whole agenda right down the list.
He's right there.
And he's got a voting record in the Senate to bear it out of as opposed to George W.
who's just a governor of a Southern state with a lot of people on death row.
One, two, three.
I made it through college and average this seat.
I have a lot of money, but not much of a brain.
Like most of you voters who were just as lame.
But I can say one thing that you say, my daddy is the next president.
I got money.
Power.
And nothing to lose.
I can do everything I use.
A little bit of cash is all I need.
The satisfaction of my ego and my greed.
When it's related marketing is all I use.
The governor vote for more obviously.
I do.
That's good.
And they put it in the last.
I was thinking about that.
Just for remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't.
You can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Does that make a nice conversation please?
On the king of denial too.
I have no problems.
Life is a huge.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine.
I find those a little bit of truth a little blow.
When I'm elected out there and then it's all back.
When I put up the concentrate and dance.
George was thinking of best the real Roger on 560 QAAB.
This nothing badly presents the hilarious new board game that will have you alive in today's
loop.
Colossum.
Colossum is the game and that's no balls.
It's all fun and games until the bad gets full.
Colossum.
Roll the dice and move ahead.
Recess.
Oh you get creamed corn.
Oh no.
But watch out.
That's a brand love thing.
Oh you show like a lost in the bag.
Ah ha ha ha.
Colossum.
I think you'll you're calling hurt.
It'll send you home with the Hershey's first.
Colossum.
Yeah.
Oh, a melting day.
It's a brand love thing.
Oh right.
I really appreciate here from that young punk, the Mckenguy.
That's at least a third time he's called already.
Last few weeks with the same.
Yeah, if you like John Mcken, more power to you, okay?
Maybe somebody can fill out that then voter registration thing for you and you get registered
and actually vote.
All the way down it.
See that's always a good political dialogue when you come back.
Well, goers are pussy.
That's good.
I haven't checked this anatomy lately but nevertheless.
It doesn't hold too much your political water with me.
God.
So Miguel is not out there at the QA in paint.
I just mentioned that.
Now, I guess Miguel won't be going on those van things during the show anymore.
Other day parts he might go.
But during this show he won't go out there because every time I mention Miguel is out
there in a band with an FU, then all those fags who listen to the show go out, you know.
All those guys lighten the loafers and try to hit on for Miguel who he's not interested.
Just because he's Cuban, does that mean he's interested?
Uh huh.
Well, not this week.
He's taking a week off.
That's not why he doesn't want to go out there during the show.
Because he wants to take close to you.
Sounds good to me.
Hey, listen, it's lunchtime.
I can always cancel with Ma.
And for that I would.
Here's a wait a minute, my own wrong line.
Too bad.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
What is that?
Some jackass.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Fort Myers.
Neil.
How are you doing?
Pleasure.
Yes, it is.
Crazy day.
Hey, listen, I grew up with a very prejudice mom, very non-pregigious father.
Basically, stereotypes, there's a lot of realism.
And these black people need to understand that.
Black people, these dark, easy, and easy.
They got to understand that the old neighborhood, I grew up on the west side of Buffalo
and then moved out to Hamburg.
Oh, all right.
Buffalo Raceway, baby.
I'm talking.
And you can't even go back to my neighborhood.
Right.
I mean, they ruin it.
Sports, they're moving in, they're ruining it.
It's an obvious thing.
What do you mean they're moving in?
Well, I mean, 80% of some sports.
Not the NBA.
What do you mean they're moving in?
They've taken over the NBA then, dark folks.
Yeah.
And FF.
So, you know, but as far as movie based on, post and suppose.
When you go to a nice restaurant, they give you nice food.
Basically, these people go home and open up a can of spaghetti.
They'll eat that hot dog crap.
Hey, I'm Pat Newsford.
I'd rather have a nice can of Frank O'Mirke and spaghetti.
Oh, seriously, I'd rather take Frank O'Mirke and spaghetti, take a nice slice of Swiss cheese,
put some wax paper over it, cover it, heat it up in a microwave for like 95 seconds,
and make me a nice cheese spaghetti.
Not that that's great, but I'm telling you, I'd rather have that than the slop that they're feeding
the public at a ridiculous price at the macaroon and these other venues.
Right, and you're right.
They accept it, so they're going to give it to it and the profits are there.
But, uh...
I mean, I've never seen such a bunch of weak, yellow-bellied, weak-need assholes in my life
as these people.
And then, you know, if they'll say, well, do you cost so much to go there?
Part of the reason it costs so much to go there is because the food is so overpriced
and the top of it all off as an added insult, it's a bunch of swell.
Right.
Do you think that, too, a lot has to do with it as far as the food down here?
I mean, you know, up in New York, Chicago, all these places get pretty good food.
You know, maybe they're just used to, you know...
There's plenty of good restaurants here.
The people that are thinking that this is a good food must be people living in McDonald's.
Yeah.
And Neil, we used to go to Toronto all the time back in the 70s, what have you coming from?
From Buffalo, beautiful city.
Yes, it is.
A beautiful Canada.
We go over to...
Remember church in Beach?
No.
Beautiful.
Anyway, Neil, you're the best, and there is a God because I just got done talking to him.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Neil, God.
I'll say a brucke for you.
Let's say a brucke for Buffalo Raceway to the late Max Robinson.
Anybody remember Max Robinson?
No.
Here's Coconut Creek.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil God.
All right.
You get a Neil God.
Listen, I listen to you every day and I try to call up whenever I have some sort of comment
to make.
Okay.
The Channel 7 news just ran something about sins of the father.
Oh.
Yeah.
Did you get a chance to look at that?
No.
Okay, a South of Florida, of course, a father down in the Florida Miami area accused of
doing some rubbing his beads.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, you mean that kind of a father like from the other way they were there's dress on?
Yes, sir.
Oh, my God.
Just, uh, if you get a chance and the guy who says, yeah, no taking the church guy, I want
him to take a look at it.
And I'm fine.
Yeah.
And to that guy who says, no taking the church.
That's you.
Okay.
I think that's where he went to school like that.
He's able to call Giga Land if you.
I think that's a good time.
Just another isolated incident.
I guarantee you that.
Just another woman.
Try and make sure that you're excited.
Maybe you got to send him up there to Albany.
He can join Denise for a little sex change and Patty Bolder.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And of course, maybe we could send over some of those men.
Maybe we can have peppermint Patty over at the Clear Channel.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
See, I'm only going to say it once.
Seven minutes and 16 seconds.
And they're there.
They're there.
They're on there.
And I said, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, hello.
Oh, and hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm here.
I just got blanked out on the panel.
I remember.
Okay, there's a lot of blanking out going on.
Well, the power line is a lot of lines here.
I'm on power line.
Anyway, yeah.
I listen to you show all the time and I never call them.
But I see it.
Let me call them because I have something that I think.
It would be good for you to interject into your show.
I don't know if you've ever been at a supermarket and you know,
you're walking into a supermarket and there's somebody running for office there.
And he's handing you a pamphlet.
No.
Why you should know for them?
Well, they do that a lot up in New York.
But you know, if you really want to live in New York,
I'd rather never see you.
If they do it in Florida too, I've seen it done.
Never heard of a supermarket there.
And Fort Lauderdale, they stand outside and they hand out white clothes for them.
Anyway, make a long story short.
Being a white middle class male European,
I just said to the gentleman running for office, you know,
I didn't, I didn't think I'd send him that there.
I just said to you know, not for anything.
I know what you're going to do for everybody else.
What are you going to do for me as a white middle class male in this country?
You know, he didn't, he was like stunned.
He didn't know what to answer me.
I said, you know, I've heard about all the other people that are going to be helped in America.
And I've been listening to it for 52 years.
I'm 52 years old.
I've been paying my taxes.
I've never been on a social program.
And you know, I'd like to know when we get anything from...
When do we get some affirmative action?
No, just anything.
What are you going to do for me?
I gave.
You know, I used to have a, on my door in my house when I was in the city,
I used to put it, I gave, you know, when you give to charities and stuff.
Yeah.
Well, I gave it for 52 years.
When is this kind of stuff?
You know, everybody bitches about white attacks.
What is it you want, what is it you want them to do for you?
Well, everybody bitches in this country about white attacks is so high.
Yeah.
Anybody who has to realize that most of the politicians are buying your vote right now with your money.
You know, all they do is promise all the times they can have a place that come here,
that they're going to give them everything.
But they don't tell you who's going to pay for it.
You know, who's paying for it?
The households that go to work like I do every day.
Yeah.
And the way they want to pay in the free.
And if we ask for anything, we're begging you.
Well, what do you want?
What are you asking for, sir?
What would you like him to do for you?
Some of my rights, some of my rights back, you know.
Like what?
You know, well, if my kid goes to school, I think he has the right to sing a Christmas cow on school.
You know.
Of course he does.
Of course he does.
No, he does not.
He doesn't have a right to sing a Christmas carol, of course not.
In a public school?
No.
No.
No.
In other words, we just keep eroding all our rights away.
Sir, he never had the right to sing a religious song in a public school.
And go back to the Yerko, okay?
This town is dying from people like you.
You can smell it a million miles away.
Boy, his kid's right to sing a Christmas carol.
Let your kid sing a Christmas carol at home, okay?
On the goddamn public bus.
Or if it really wants to, not in goddamn public school.
Keep your religious nonsense out of everybody else's schools, okay, sir?
Step eroding that man's rights.
Okay.
What a schmuck.
Tip with that New York sounded.
Oh, God, makes me think of Jerry Seinfeld and the Nanny.
You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 5.60 Q.A.A.
Fish on Sacken in the Kirk.
In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young,
in the return of father knows best.
Step into the confession of belief.
I don't know, father.
This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking.
Father knows best.
It's the Vatican's best cap secret.
And you've got a private seat for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the reader.
All right, Billy, brother.
Each time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it's weird, Billy.
It's weird.
Father knows best.
Once you've seen this news sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me ask Fredo Shachate, Peter.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining.
But there really is something funny going on here.
So here's the facts from Robert.
And I'm not confused about this because it's his movie sporting events,
concert air shows, et al.
Usually the event is no longer than three hours.
What is the person I eat within that time frame?
People go to work at 80 and go to lunch at 11.30 to 1.30 to go eat down the job.
No more today it says.
So Robert's also getting instructions on what I should be talking about.
Am I going to pay attention to Robert?
No.
No.
But nevertheless.
So what you don't understand, like I'm trying to explain, is that on weeknights,
when people go to sporting events, the people who work for a living,
which is not only in demand, but sometimes the woman, sometimes the woman,
is the one or both of the above, and they go away from work.
Because these events start at 7.30 in the evening most of them.
And as a result, people don't deal with depending on what time they get out of work
and going through rush hour traffic and commuting and doing all the crap that most people do.
They don't have time to sit around the garden in the table or stop it a fine restaurant
and eat before they go to the game.
On a weekend different story, usually.
And so when you're going to be in a place from, say, 7 o'clock in the evening,
until 10.30 at night, that's 3.5 hours.
And you haven't eaten since maybe lunchtime.
I think there are a lot of people in addition to which when you go to a baseball game, for example,
that's part of the tradition.
I'm getting a great hot dog at a bar park.
I'm going to Red Wing Stadium, we're now a server stadium in Rochester
and getting those great goddamn arpeko hots.
Any kind of event like that?
Right.
We used to go to high school football games in Canada,
when the York, right next to my house,
one of the great things that half time or before the game were both
was going to get those great hot dogs in the white hots too, with the five onions.
They were great.
They were great.
They were delicious.
That's part of the fun of attending this kind of an event.
What's wrong with that, Robert?
Are you some kind of a sports board?
Yes.
Yes, some kind of a wet blanket, some kind of a raw flower.
Yes.
Come on, Robert, get with it.
On summer, I'm talking about the same old day.
I want to put Robert up.
You should have the option, okay?
There should be the option when you attend an event, just like going to the movies.
What's going to be moving for quite a while?
Robert, I've gotten some candy to roll with your guts out.
Like some non-purels, boy, I do love non-purels.
Does that what they call the little ones with the, or the wafel ones?
I don't know.
You don't know what non-purels are?
I don't think I've had them.
Those little chocolates with the white little things out.
There's a snow caps.
There are snow caps non-purels.
Somebody will know, or how about necrolapers?
Those are just right.
Your teeth out while the movie is not.
I like good and funny.
Good and funny is not bad.
And jujubees for all you know.
And there are jujubees, noctubes.
Noctubes are great.
Just tear.
Oh, I love noctubes.
That's part of enjoying the event.
I was going to say a good movie, even a bad movie.
What's wrong with that?
Let's see, Mark, if it is in the way Robert.
In quest frankly, I'd rather buy something in a box than
White, in the food of the macaroon.
In a box.
And at least when you buy a box of noctubes, you know what's going to be good.
You know exactly what you're going to get in this course.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello?
Lake Worth, yes sir.
I have season tickets for the Rangers in the mid-80s.
and the food of Madison Square Garden, A. was expensive, two was a bunch of shmit.
Yeah. So a lot of these arenas, Neil, it's not just down here.
Why is that? Why does it have to be that way?
It shouldn't be that way, but they have a dent here ahead.
And what I used to do at Madison Square Garden was I'd bring a sandwich in,
I would tell them I'm a diabetic.
You're an assquit.
Well, I'm a diabetic. Is that going to work for me?
I think that if you're a diabetic, I think you have a good opportunity to get by with that.
Yeah. You know, because you know, you say I have a special food I have to eat,
and they can't keep me from bringing it in.
I think you might have a right to bring it in at that point.
Either that or just follow a massive lawsuit.
I'm dying on the air!
Neil, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Sure. 5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8.
He's got an idea. What if you're kosher?
Oh!
How come we don't have like nice kosher or weenies there?
There were also skies named again.
Oh, that's right. This guy's a greaser.
No, seriously. This guy's a rob.
This Salvador Fuerulo.
And so many were going to tell you about kosher.
You bring your own hot dogs in.
And if you can hear the guy named Salvador and their passing off Boston Concessions is passing
off as pizza that directs that they're peddling up there.
You know, something even Chef Boyard D is blushing and he's been dead for like 20 years.
He's blushing, Sal, from what you're passing off as pizza.
Man, oh man alive.
Even our good old, your good old buddy would have liked a slice of pizza.
How's he doing, by the way?
Really?
I mean, not like this.
Like this is rocket science.
This is controversial.
That when you spend your money, you should expect to get a good product and return.
But because you happen to be spending it in a certain place,
therefore you're expecting it crap.
What was the logic in that?
Talk about being conditioned and brainwashed and manipulated like a bunch of pusses that we are.
There's no backbone in America, baby.
God forbid that we ever wind up in a war again because there's no backbone in this country today.
Let me turn to that right now.
Here's a mobile in Pompello.
Hello.
Unless it's maybe like a Faulk of the Islands like the British do.
A mobile in Pompello.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Dale?
Okay, sir.
Well, I go through, I don't eat the food at the arena.
I go to one of the restaurants at the Saugras.
The Saugras is great at the Oasis.
Well, there's another restaurant and then the mall there that gives you up.
If you show them your ticket, they give you a percentage out to the meal.
Really?
And they give you a free ride to the arena and back so you don't have to pay the $10.
What restaurant is that?
Ruby Tuesday.
Really?
Yeah.
That's a good joint.
Yeah, so you eat good food.
You get a free ride there and back, you don't have to pay the parking.
Well, there's somebody ought to be no more glad you told us about that.
Well, I shouldn't have told you because now it's going to be a big long line on Saturday when I go.
Okay, I said I'm sorry, you told us.
Thank you for the good news.
Thanks.
See, there you go.
There's more ways.
There's more ways to slice the halivob in just one way.
You've got to be a little bit creative like this guy.
And I'm glad that he did tell us that because now maybe more people will be going over to Ruby Tuesdays.
And by the way, I never realized it before but John pointed out the last night,
the driver of the game, that right the Oasis there is like right over the ass end.
You can drive right, you know what I'm saying?
Right, they could throw a rock from there to the arena.
And maybe you'll head Yelda in the process.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Or maybe my good friend Randy Moher, and tell him there's only one bike lying.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, good afternoon.
Thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your movement.
I'm calling about a comment that you made on Monday.
Mr. First, I'm not a chance to get to the whole Monday.
I don't think I made any of them.
It's probably an old tape because Monday we played the best stuff
because they were doing the wallpaper and the place was 110 degrees.
I was shocking we couldn't have a live show when I was still on vacation.
But anyway.
Okay, you were going to comment on Monday and I'm hoping I got it right.
You were talking about how religion breeds hate and promote hate.
I'm so over it, correct?
Yes.
Okay, so I guess I got it correct.
Yeah.
And I started me and I thought about it for a while.
And you know, my pastor, the son of before this Monday,
mentioned something very similar to what you said.
So when I heard you make that comment and made me really think,
and I said, you know, it's really unfortunate that the religious people in the church
convey that kind of message to society.
And in reality, you know, the message that God wanted to get people
was that he did love them and did just for them.
Yeah, that's why every time he got pissed off, he was burying them
and destroying them and telling them to kill each other.
I mean, how can you believe that nonsense about a loving God?
Well, I believe it.
A loving God that drowned all the people and all the animals.
I mean, what kind of ridiculous stories are these?
And you're talking about God as a loving God?
Is that why he kept unleashing all these plagues on people?
Well, you know, I look at my kids and every time I look into my kids,
I thank God for them.
And you know...
That's a matter of speech.
It doesn't mean anything.
That means nothing.
I understand the reason why you probably made that comment on Mondays
based on your experiences that you've had with people that have
led you to believe in God.
You know, I didn't know that.
I mean, just not brilliant, but just intelligent enough to see through all the polonies
and to appreciate nature and understand what life is really all about.
Not some ridiculous old man with a white hat sitting up on a throne somewhere.
Not some fairy tale.
That's where people are still living in a mental childhood.
Well, I mean...
You have to grow up someday.
Sure, you have to realize that nature is what it is
and come to grips with the cold, hard world.
There's no God up there that's waiting to answer anybody's prayers.
Well, I mean, I respect your opinion.
It's not an opinion, so it's a fact.
It's not an opinion.
It's a fact.
There is no such thing.
It's a man created in...
It's an invention of man of delusionary, paranoid people.
You know, like I said, I respect your opinion.
Let me say it again.
Not an opinion.
It's a fact.
If you want...
If you want to be an emotional cripple till the day they put you in the box,
you know, certainly you're entitled to do that.
I don't begrudge you that right.
But I think you'd feel much better about life if you could be a realist
and you know, bring your brain into the real world
and stop talking about this imaginary God that does not have the right to do.
There's no such thing.
Well, I want to get on your side.
Yeah, I appreciate you letting me come on the air and comment about what you said on Monday.
Okay, I'll pray for you.
Thank you very much.
Okay, that was a good thing.
That was a good thing.
Thank you.
God bless you.
With or without sneezing.
If it's just not complicated, I mean, I get to the point that it exhausts me
even to have these discussions because it's so painfully obvious
that this is all man invented crap over and over and over again.
I read a really interesting article and it was the only one,
by the way, in those Atlanta papers on the plane coming back from vacation
in the Atlanta Constitution.
And when I saw the headline, I thought, ah, here we go with one of these religious nuts,
but the woman had a very good point.
And she said, instead of all these idiots trying to inject
teaching religion in the school, let's teach comparative religion in the school.
I'm all for that.
The only problem is the reason that doesn't usually happen is because
the fundamentalist or whatever religion it is, they don't want their kids exposed to the other thought.
The idea that there might be something else besides the stuff that they brainwashed them with.
And by the way, isn't it interesting that all the people that are screaming about
alien being brainwashed when he goes back to Cuba if that should happen?
That he's in a Christian school right now being indoctrinated
with all his focus, focus, and bull crap.
Catholic school.
Exactly.
The worst.
And of course being taught that anybody who doesn't believe the crap that he's being taught
is going to burn in hell.
That's not propaganda, is it?
No, no, no, thank God for that.
I'd hate to have him be brainwashed over here.
I mean, you know, this guy wants to... I'm delighted for his shirt.
I'm a good guy, a nice talker.
You seem like a real nice guy.
But you just... you don't want to come to grips with the real world.
That's okay.
People who need a crutch, Linus needed a security blanket till the day they put Charles Schroess in a box
and they probably put Linus' blanket in there with him too.
Some people need that.
I don't need it.
I don't want it.
My religion's bad as hell.
We live in my religion's bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
I personally am the Karpsis of course, but we liked the baos of best to, the best choice, and we were the best.
I want the boys of well as well.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad as hell.
My religion is bad or bad as hell.
my religion is bad or bad like hell.
My religion is bad or bad like hell.
My religion is bad or bad, like hell.
We had no Reese Xolution.
We had no Reese Xolution.
Guys, I want the girls of his mind that were judging through his voice.
My religion's bad as I enjoy it.
My religion's bad as I enjoy it.
My religion's bad as I enjoy it.
My religion's better than your religion's better than yours.
We now go towards the bothers you like forward rushes to your views.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear tris and ride our bikes and get some merry lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We now want to use our brains for my work and they got the race.
My religion's better than yours.
I'm not bad at things.
To get things we've always been together before we could have a fun out day.
But I don't know why and nothing awaits us.
That's my religion.
I love you, yeah.
Don't say pigs, pigs, pigs, and pigs.
Folks, I'd like to see a song about American freedom.
About me.
About the way our American hearts beat way down the bottom of our chest.
About that special feeling we get from that pile of hearts.
Maybe it was a little bit hot.
Maybe in the sub-totter earlier.
Maybe in the liver.
Maybe in the kidneys.
Maybe even in the cold.
We don't know.
The artist who regularly shows with a regular job.
On your average wife's suburbanized life.
I like football, tornown, books about four.
I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor, my wife, and my job, my kids and my car.
Off to the table.
And a tube in the seat.
And a tube in the seat.
And a tube in the seat.
And a tube in the seat.
And a tube in the seat.
A tube in the back!
And he wouldn't release you from the car.
And that was super music!
Sounds amazing.
HS had fun at dead?
Go watch the videos site on T trial often.
Love that guy himself.
Oh, shit from the bottom of our drawer?
