Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and rarer
or count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
Play off, though. Play off, this.
And now, filling in for Terrell Davis, it's Troy Aakman for Campbell's Chunky Soup. Let's take a call.
Hello, Troy.
Hi, Mom. Don't wear it. I'm eating my Campbell's Chunky Soup.
I don't care about the damn soup.
What? Did you find a nice girl yet?
Mom, I told you.
You have enough of them sending their panties to the house. You could at least humor one of them.
I told you, my husband. The boy is a fruit.
Is that bad?
Don't listen to your father.
Tell him to shut up.
I didn't make the boy that way.
I must have been your mother, Martha.
Always bringing it over them.
Take them up and she's cooking.
Don't listen to him.
As long as you're happy with the nice girl, that's all we care about.
No buts.
Okay, well, thanks for sitting in joy with me.
You might not sit in so close.
Join us next week when they don't touch me, Dad. Terrell Davis returns.
All right, happy New Year. Here we are.
Oh!
Can't hear the overhead too good. Oh, there it is.
A minute after 10, it's January 1st, 2 God damn thousands.
Oh! Yeah!
Made out my first check of the New Year this morning on my computer.
And it said January 3rd.
What did I just say? January 1st?
Whatever it is.
I got to date Ron.
But I got to year right in the century too.
January 3rd.
It said you turn 2000.
Oh!
Look at like that.
No problem.
Come in here this morning.
We take a look at our DCS, our most important computer in this room.
And generally speaking.
Generally speaking, it was okay.
It just had a little bit of a glitch on there.
But it's okay. A little glitch can be a bit.
But it's okay.
Those phones, are we taking phone calls today?
Yeah! Yeah!
In fact, this is going to be very exciting.
Can you imagine the tremendous after three weeks of no calls?
We got a rating trend in here.
Which, thank God November was a lot better in the previous month.
Thank God for that.
See, Arbitron, this happens about every six months.
I think it happened back in April too.
Every single year, once and sometimes twice in a year.
This year we get it twice.
Like the audience just vanishes.
They just disappear.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
No, but they just can't fight a audience.
And that's especially when you get the diaries all out in Davie, that happens a lot.
Now the only thing about the phone, by the way, is for us taking calls today
and breaking our three week silence in embargo on a telephone because I'm in such a great mood.
The only problem with this is, does the phone work?
That's the problem.
Aha!
See, I hear a lot of bitching from people about that new American Airlines,
a carnival cruise line, don't get out of it if you value your life arena.
And people say, oh my God, are all these things that they haven't finished, et cetera, and so on.
And why should they bother finishing it, by the way?
There was nobody there by the time they came in at last night.
Not being an NBA fan, I really couldn't have cared less.
But I turned it on like in the middle of the game last night.
Just to see how many people really there saw a lot of empty seats.
Opening night.
Holiday weekend.
Opening night of the brand new American Airlines, Mickey Erson gets whatever he wants arena.
Lot empty seats.
And then when it got to the last minute there when he made that big comeback,
I just happened to be lucky enough to flip it on at that point, not that I really care.
Do I really care?
No.
But nevertheless.
And it looked to me like a lot and awful lot of people disguised as empty brand new seats.
There was nobody there by the time.
And then of course when they went overtime and pulled away in crushed Orlando.
Did they crush Orlando?
Yeah, it was good.
Yeah, him too.
There was nobody there.
Now you can check on line four.
Would you please?
I don't want you to be a line.
Look at these people.
Are they anxious today?
This is more calls.
Line four is working or not.
It is working.
Let's hear it.
All the lines are working today.
No why to gay here are problems here at QAM.
The greatest headline in the history of the Sun Sentinel.
Front page today.
Seriously.
This is the greatest headline.
I picked up my paper this morning and I wet my pants.
And then I looked at the headline.
It says of course it has a picture above Danny.
His arms out like he is like.
Yeah.
That is the fact that the sound Danny is making like.
What is going on here?
But anyway, forget about the fact that it is about Danny or the dolphins around there.
Forget that it is even sports related.
The headline says looking for a pulse.
And I thought, Jesus Christ, 24 years I have been on here here saying that.
And finally somebody else has caught on.
We have taken our gigantic stuff that is going from the sky and we have stuck it into the...
Correct them.
...of South Florida, the bowels of this town and we are still looking for a pulse.
Can we find one?
No.
Get the search party out.
This is going to be exciting to see who the first caller is going to be of the year 2000.
What?
What do you give me a look like that?
Nothing.
Yeah, it will be exciting.
It won't be exciting.
How do you know?
You are so goddamn negative.
How do you know just because we have been doing this 100 years and it never is exciting?
I got all these numbers here and by the way the babbling brook.
She broke out into new territory in the club plus category.
Under a one point.
And also, all these people around here in Stereoco, Georgia had a great line this morning.
A very persprication observation.
Every time we get another rating trend which they come out every month and then of course three months is a rating book.
So this is like September, October and November.
And so the Waffen, the 1799 on your dial, whatever it is, that they were all psychotic around here, the sports nerds.
They've been on your four months now.
Did they show in this track?
No.
The last track.
Had they shown in any track?
No.
You know, I'm a sports nerd.
Maybe they show in those two live Jews in the midday?
No.
Nothing.
Not one diary, not one glitch, not one nothing.
Zero, Zimini Duda.
And Georgia made a good observation.
That is that the only listeners they got are the sports nerds that work here on the station.
To which I say.
Absolutely correct.
Yes, sir.
Those are the only people who care about them.
Are the idiots here who are listening down here?
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, those guys in the midday, they're pretty entertaining and they talk a lot about sports.
And then at Jim Berry, you know, he's got a really neat mustache and, uh...
Yeah, and your mama.
This is going to be so good and exciting when I punch up this phone now.
The first call of a brand new millennium.
And I'm not going to pee on your party.
I'm not going to tell you it's not in a millennium.
What differences it make?
That's only for those pickers and those pickers.
We don't care.
Uh...
They had a million people up there on the foot of Young Street in Toronto on New Year's Eve.
A million people in Toronto.
Was I here?
No.
No, I was there, of course.
Because when you come down here, you're kind of like looking for a pulse.
And I'm watching, of course, like most of you people did on TV.
I'm seeing all the stuff from around the rest of the world.
And they start with New Zealand.
They're early in the morning.
And once everything was okay in New Zealand, you kind of figured there weren't going to be too many glitches anywhere else.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. Once you saw that, you kind of figured if you have an IQ larger than your little finger,
that there weren't going to be too many like man-with-problems.
Of course, the man-with-thing don't use our calendars, so who the hell knows?
And then, of course, the Egyptians have got their own calendar in the Israeli, the Yiddellah.
Everybody's got a different calendar.
It's a man-made, artificial thing.
But I watched all that good crap.
And the media have squeezed and bled this, and they're still bleeding this.
Paper this morning.
Oh, this could be the day.
And there are some minor glitches today.
There are having a few problems here and there with some computers.
Of course, because there's 80 to 80 people with businesses with computers.
Big, thick, and deal.
Was there any need to have a big people hoarding money?
No.
Water and water.
No.
How many people, by the way, do you think they're going to be trying to return bottle water in their stores today, George?
Yeah.
Just like after their Hora Kuhn warnings we get here all the time.
By the way, nice going Spartans, baby.
Michigan State picked them, cater me.
Yeah.
And as if that wasn't good enough, and yes, I did see.
I did see the last half.
Believe it or not, in my hotel room, late Friday night was it Friday or Saturday?
Whatever the hell might it was?
Saturday, I guess.
The Michigan Alabama, the Orange Bull Game.
Nice going, Tommy Brady.
Oh, man.
And I thought to myself at this picture line here, because they showed, you know, Tommy, you're a beautiful guy.
You're a great talent.
You're a wonderful human being.
You never stole a freight train.
And I'd love to see a naked.
But get to a real barber.
They showed him an interview with his, like, helmet off.
And you never see a guy who's got a haircut like the farmers haircut they call it.
Would they put a bowl over your head, you know, and they cut around the emol Howard look?
Yeah, the mohauer.
Yeah, the moh they cut the moh at the bad.
It looks.
Oh, God, Tommy.
Get you to a, you know, to a barber, you okay, or something like that.
Man.
Well, nice going there, Tommy.
Oh!
Well, I mean, rooting for Michigan.
I'll tell you something just didn't agree with my system about that, but I had to do it.
Okay, any moment now we're going to take the first call of the year 2000.
In just a second, can you, can you feel it?
The pressure is building.
Oh, God.
After a three week hiatus.
George has got his head firmly poised over the garbage pale, getting ready for the big roll.
Roll, roll, roll.
Experience to him too.
Maybe he'll make it come back this year.
Oh, let's hope not.
But we got to do our business first here.
Don't worry, you don't have a lot of business today because it's the first day of the year.
How they're going to be short breaks.
What?
What are you laughing about?
Sure hope we don't have to go to the bathroom at any point today.
One minute, 60 seconds.
I mean, I don't think you can do that.
January, turd.
Nobody wants to have their spots run today.
They weren't sure if it was the computer workout right.
Hey, now that's the holidays.
We produce to that being stressed, written permission of WQAM, deeply-reve acquisition court.
Another break already?
I've been to a tree.
Walmart.
I've been to a tree.
So I'm up to find a big good tune.
It won't break and be a tune.
I have cried.
I have fought.
And swell my way.
Wander in the mall.
Wander in the mall.
Looking for big tunes.
But I still haven't found any Pokemon.
And I still can't find any Pokemon.
Hey.
I've been in every song.
And I can't find all the songs.
It's so pretty in heart.
You find Charizard.
Where's your New York?
It's a last resort.
But they were not at every response.
But I've got a plan.
I'll go shopping in Japan.
And I still haven't found any Pokemon.
15 and 5.60 WQAM.
Not to worry.
We got the mini babies.
The people have spoken and no one surprised they want more.
What was the South China?
What was the South China?
The South China?
The South China?
The South China?
They're not at home.
I can't find any Pokemon.
They're not at home.
They're not at home.
They're not at home.
I'm not at home.
plan all along to continue being in the beanie in some form be me up warmers
after all expected expected is factories and several trademark applications
pending for bines with new names
it's the spirit of pt barnum still alive to anilis chris burn said when the vote
was announced how do you look even more publicity out of a foreign stuff toy
i don't know how do you look for inches
the announcement made no mention to plants to continue making the toys and said
expect the unexpected how do you like that
who know what you're being able to expect it
with your beanie baby
so we got that all straight now through with him because i'm trying to
brace up here to take in this first call
of the new year and of the new millennium huh
yet straight that is all straight now when it got to straight now good
five six seven oh five sixty boy cheerfield's going to be given those numbers again
on it oh yeah
pound five sixty on the eighteen t line and we have to pretty much everything
full on their accept that out of town line
i wonder if they disconnected that yet you think
Because I will three weeks later use it probably known as cheap as outfit
877 every other line is lit except the align nine 877 785 Neal 877 785
60p 45 like over there in four Myers. Do you think they survived the millennium?
No, they still on the mat. No they pulled four travel. They're all gone. Wow
Here's our first call God Almighty whoever this is they can write it down in your goddamn diarrhea man Hollywood. Hello
Hello Neal. Yes sir. This is Richard from Hollywood. Yes Richard. I have to ask you something very important. How are you doing Dick?
Fine. Thank you very much sir. I've been a hockey fan for over 30 years. I'm not the bad. Yes. Okay. No, it's very important
I haven't been to a game down here. I went to a game when very scored four goals on Saturday. Yes, my question
I thought it was on New Year's Day Saturday. New Year's Day. You ready?
You ready? Score four goals is my first pass. Come back game wasn't on television too by the way you idioted sports channel you morons. Oh
75 game back and forth the whole way was unbelievable. Right. My question to you is please help me with this. Uh-huh
Peter Warrell is it's out there for a mute. He had six shifts three times. He fell down by himself. Yeah, I'm touching him. Remember that's a bit
We've played by clearance Thomas called token. Yes, that's Peter Warrell. Oh my God. He'd be the token. I
Guess he's got to be the tough guy, right?
Well, glad you had a good time pal. Okay. See you. Yeah, I thought the first call was gonna be really special, you know?
And I feel like a little bit of a letdown. I was I was so pumped up and fired up and pissed off about this
Especially after seeing that our audience finally came back at least most of them in November after that disaster
October and by the way people you're gonna have to go back to the draw board again
You and the people up there in the end of the dial on Waffen who to
Even I miss even the great dead man in a chair and his brother Fred and
Whatever else other two or three things he talks about didn't show not a lick not a not an inch not an ounce
Not a not a nothing not a wrinkly little crinkly here not one of those either
Well, I was pretty deflating. I'll tell you know makes me wonder if I was doing the right thing there those three weeks
I
Mean you think that maybe the first call of these somebody would say of course see we took that pull on Wednesday before the holiday weekend
And it kind of like closed up there was like 60 to 40% in favor people saying
60% said no calls
School the callers and 40% said we want to calls back. We want to hear the callers and then as I started thinking about that
Is I left here for about 20 or 30 seconds? I was wondering to myself, you know
How many of the people who were called it and said we want the calls? How many of them are the callers?
You know what I'm saying in other words was it kind of like not for the interest of the program is the program or interesting and
Undertaining and better but for our interest because we're selfish and even though we have nothing to say kind of like
All right, by the way speaking enough in the say guess who's gonna be on Larry King that I you think she performed
Blow jobs in a white house me so for me Larry King has Monica Lewinsky on the night on CNN as if they have it embarrassed themselves enough already
This last 5,000 hours with this hysterical and the Lenin crap, but there's have you seen any of that?
with this Jeff Green Blum Gold Blum whatever the hell his name is green oh
Terminally pseudo intellectual boring turd crap. I will say that there's a lot of interesting stuff that was on you know
Like the thing that you and I talked about an A&E the 100 most influential people of the millennium
Well, it was interesting. I didn't agree with a lot of it. But it's pretty interesting and
All of these lists and I've got a whole bunch of stuff that I brought in here. It's interesting stuff
But the sky they had a discussion. I think it was on Saturday and Saturday night
With that Jeff Green whatever I can't figure his name out and a whole bunch of other boring people about comedy
Comedy in the last millennium or whatever in the news and whatever was supposed
I can't even figure what was supposed to be about and there was nobody funny on there
Was there anything funny that they said? Oh, is there anybody funny on the panel?
No, was there anybody snicker or chuckle? Oh nothing terminal
So that wasn't bad enough. We got Larry King. Oh, it's speaking a Larry King. Yes. Who he had on licking their ass
Friday night in the middle we go we go to New Zealand we go to Australia we go to India
He's got the Dalai Lama and Billy Graham you didn't see that
Fliely I wish you could have seen the Dalai Lama. I mean you talk about crazy people
Here's this guy with a bad haircut talk about Tom Brady
At least Tom looks better and and he's in some remote place in India
And there's like about a five-second delay you know when a so trans kind of thing is always like a delay
Well, there's like a longer delay than usual and Larry is saying well, how you know since you have your own calendar
But what do you think about this how do you observe this
Festival and he sits there and says
We have
Like I have never seen anything so embarrassing in history my life
Unbelievable the Dalai Lama and then Billy Graham whose face is like all one side of his he had a stroke who was stroking under something
Unbelieve nice going there Larry and
Speaking of India by the way New Year's Eve celebration as the ball ran up the thing or whatever was as kid career ran up
Yeah, they sent kid career to India and they eat him
But anyway as it's the stroke of midnight there guess what song they all started playing
Seriously honest figure not the mombo movement not vocal brands version unfortunately he'd be big over there by the way they like the little short guys
But mombo number five can you believe that a Lou Vega hits India?
I would just about peed in my pants in fact
I've been wearing the pencil weekend of him being so much. Okay. Well, we took one call was it good? No, it was pretty a week
Pretty weak I
Mean I you know, I'm in such a great mood. I figure well. Let's see how it goes
It's the first day of a little millennium. Don't be a hard-ass
40% is a lot of people to say they want to hear the show with a calls after all
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. Happy New Year by the way back to you. I got one thing to say now. Let you go
Okay, I knew this was gonna be an interesting experiment
He's trying to prove his case. Good job there too by the way sir
excellent job
Okay, oh for two
Oh for two five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t line see people are telling me oh no the callers
How can do a call a talk show without colors the colors are ones that spice it up, you know
Okay, I'm waiting so far still pretty bland god damn it pretty god damn bland
Here's Miami hello
Oh, there we go. All right
I'm for once in my life. I enjoy it here's from Eddie because he makes my case nice going already
So let me ask you what's your take on at the crimson tide for next year
five six seven oh five sixty. Yeah, this is more like it. This is the good. This is what they want
Fun for the people minded. I'm gonna sit here and puke my guts out talking for hours every day for this crowd
Like it says on the sunset. I'll right there in a front page looking for a pulse
And by the way little advice for you since they built that nice new arena there for Mickey Eris
And even though it's got a lot of problems and it's too expensive to park and set up and so on it's not nearly finished
Don't be going on those cruise ships. Okay, I mean
Are you ever gonna learn your lesson? Oh, I keep telling you and you know something people that go on a cruise ship for their honeymoon or some other special event
They deserve to get their vacation screwed up if they're that stupid you get what you deserve
Because like how many times have I told you this you're a captive audience
Unless you want to go overboard and sleep with the fishes you're a captive audience you can't get off
So to speak and of course in cabins that small you probably can't get off
Not even by yourself
But we got these rocket scientists out there to keep going I get off the plane from Toronto yesterday morning at MIA
And here's a airy cruise ship has got a guy there with his big card up royal carobine carnival cruises
Whatever sleep of the fishes cruises and a whole bunch of these people are flocking up to each one of these guys
Expecting they're gonna have a great time are they gonna have a great time? No probably not probably gonna be sorry as hell
Oh, no, don't put chronic son here like Dave the cop give him off it. Okay. I like you Dave. You're a good guy
But no, I don't want see that that that makes the case. I don't want to talk to chronic except the boop boop boop we already had him
Nice going Eddie
See it one we were worried about things that would change a lot in the new millennium at least thank god Eddie is still the same no changes pal
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello, any other day great
I got a comment in a question. Yes
Did you see the celebration England had they spent a billion dollars on that on that
That dome or whatever it is yeah, I don't want to waste the money. I'm glad we're not the only country that mismanages our money as well
I mean even a little girl they had her on CNN
You know scroll couldn't have been more than seven years old. So you know this money could have probably been better spend going to the poor
But I you know, I'm gonna go check out the dome anyways
Haha that's great. Yeah, she's a little girl she's getting more asked a little bit John
She was smart. I mean she's a good point billion dollars. I mean, and they should the internet. It didn't look in the cool at all
You know, it's typically British really boring. Hey, look how lowless bland
Anyways, wouldn't we have all the attendance there probably I'd be where did you go for New Years Neil? Where did I go?
Yeah, what'd you do? I went to Toronto sir you get late Toronto, I'm tear you out and got late at the warhouses downtown
Sweet
Later Neil. Okay
Okay, and then I got up in the morning, I brushed my teeth, I took a couple of Advil.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, then I took a good, healthy dump and by
all by the way, speaking of that, the most important news I have for you today, which I was
unaware of.
Thanks, Dr. Dick.
My good friend, Dr. Dick Polikoff, for telling me about Pepto Bismol, because I've had
this intestinal flu that I've been telling you about for like days and days and it goes
away real slow, but I'm not going to let that screw up my holiday weekend.
Am I going to wait?
No.
But at any rate, so I'm taking Pepto Bismol and thank God I get on the phone from Toronto
to talk to Dr. Dick because he asked me to call him if I made it there alive, which I
did.
He says, oh, well, I'm glad you told me you're taking Pepto Bismol because, and you people
out there who are going to redecorate your bar for the new millennium, you don't have
to go out and recover your stool.
No, seriously, because if you have like red stools and you want them to make black stools
in your bar, yeah, just cover them with Pepto Bismol because Pepto Bismol makes your
stools black.
Alright.
Hey, doctor charge, baby.
Yeah.
Thanks, Dr. Dick.
And let's see, then I flossed a little bit.
Went outside and got confronted by a bunch of homeless people.
Spare some change, mister.
Ain't no, get out of here.
Well, they only spent, not only those how much they probably spent up there too, you
know.
A whole bunch of homeless people freezing their ass off on the streets like they had to
get like this guy said, you know, the important things, we don't care about that.
But crap, the world is big into crap.
26 past 10 at 560 WQA and how many calls are we in?
He was okay in kind of his own.
He was sure you are the caller of the millennium so far.
Not great, but on a scale of minus or two.
That was pretty good.
He's okay.
Fair.
Seminole.
The giant farm.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Louis Bagel and this is MOTSER number five.
Oh.
One, two, three, four, five.
Everybody likes to eat corn, beef, and rye, and I like my bagels into coaster.
But oh, you've only had me in Jesus really not kosher.
I love some to filter fish.
A good kinesh didn't like my taste.
I like to go and see Bob.
I like to go and see Bob.
I really wanted five, fifty WQA.
I just can't wait to hear these kinesh didn't eat any people.
I got a message from a Gulf Doom this morning.
I can't go beyond a Gulf Doom today too, by the way, as a matter of fact, plunging his brains
out.
But I missed all those great calls that I would have heard in this morning saying, oh,
yeah, they're going to be really great and looking for a Paulson's, that are what's
on.
Playoffs, my ass.
What an embarrassment.
What a bunch of choking and gagging dogs, Seattle and Kansas City.
I haven't seen so much backing into things since I was at the goddamn borough down on South
Beach.
But that's where, well, I'll tell that story tomorrow.
Well, what did you do down there?
I'll tell you tomorrow.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, you were back to these phone calls.
Can you feel it?
Can you feel the difference in the air?
Can you smell it?
Oh, yeah.
But I feel a lot better about it.
You know, I think basically what I'll probably do is some days I'll, I will and some days
I won't, you know, like sometimes they do and sometimes they don't and sometimes it's just
as well.
Well, that's the way I feel about it right now.
We've had three spectacular calls so far.
And I would be surprised that that noise on the fax machine behind me right now is Carol
faxing our final totals from, huh, setter one.
Let's take a look on here.
It's more crap from Gulfstream.
When you assholes at Gulfstream stop wasted our fax paper or what?
I come in here this morning, there's like 750,000 pages of crap for Hank and Ed for what,
what crap?
Oh, it's big and wasted fax paper.
Wait till you see this.
Talk about being left out a little bit.
See, we don't count.
We're not the sports nerds.
You're right.
We're like, we're just here.
We're the enablers.
Wait till you hear this.
You always say today, Steve Goldstein, you're running a millennium.
Hot off the press Thursday, late evening, December 30th.
You'll be one of us select.
Few software meetings to receive the very first newspaper of the new millennium.
Yadda, Yadda, Yadda, Yadda goes on and on and on.
And then here's another one.
Joe Rose, you're running a millennium.
Pop up by, you're on after press.
You'll be one of these select few.
Jeff DeFloris, you're one of the select few at setter one.
Did we get it?
No.
No.
Did we get USA today?
No.
They don't give a crap about us.
In spite of the fact that I'm probably the only guy in the whole guy that I'm stationing
that every refers to USA today very often and read stuff out of it.
But that's okay.
We don't count because we're not a bunch of sports nerds.
You people in USA today.
One good piece of news by the way is that they're not going to be a sports nerds.
This is on what they were described in December 31st, the last day of the last, whatever that was.
And they have in one year out the other.
This is in and that's out all these stupid lists.
For example, in Bill Bradley, outjack camp, stupid things like that.
In Billy Donovan, outstead, Spurrier.
Yeah.
Stick it in your nose.
You redneck asshole.
Oh.
God.
And by the way, speaking of redneck, I'm going to tell you right now.
That's the Terry Bowden.
If he didn't crawl out of a cave that hole about in clan, but at any rate, so way down on a list here, I'm reading these that are pretty weak most of them.
But I'm way down here to bottom in for 2000 satellite dish out cable.
Oh, yeah.
And I thought to myself, yeah, who have been here talking about that for weeks and weeks and weeks now, especially now that they have local channels on there?
Say goodbye to your cable company unless you're getting that road runner.
How much is to have to check that same thing out?
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
What does it take to be a good caller?
I don't know.
We'll find out.
Let me say a word.
Can you give me a big favor?
Can you call me an asshole?
An idiot?
He's an asshole.
No, me.
Say Tony's an asshole.
That's what I just said about Tony.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Great.
Can you give me one more favor?
Can you hang up on me?
OK, there you go.
There's another good call for you.
That's the four for four.
We'll bet in a thousand.
Now the other guy who was OK, the third of the turn.
The turn was OK.
You've turned five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the years we've proved my case once again.
OK.
Thank you very much for doing this by the way.
And don't stop now.
And the out of town line four buyers have they been in a mission for the first call from the West Coast for the new year.
Nobody on the line on our goddamn mill, which I know it's working.
That is some slap in a push.
I'll tell you that right now.
Talk about on grateful bastards.
877-785-6345.
Maybe we can have grandpa come in from the fortune dial it for you, OK?
877-785-6345 on our world famous out of town line, which you don't have to be four buyers.
It can be from anywhere over there.
But here's your chance.
We pay for it.
And by the way, I don't want to get clearance all up.
So where's the goddamn schedule?
How do I know? No, seriously.
How can I do a show without a schedule here for the rest of the day?
Anybody ever hear of that?
No.
I never did.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hey big guy, Happy New Year.
And send the user.
I'll tell you, Neil.
I thought the American public would only suckers in the world.
But I was watching they were talking about how, you know, when it first started in the New Year's past in Tonga,
they were worried about like Indonesia because of all the turmoil over there.
They didn't spend anything on the updates.
No problems.
Italy spent like a tenth of what the US spent.
What a bunch of suckers, you know, Larry King and all these guys on writing books about all the end of the earth, the end of the world.
I don't know.
Now how come he doesn't force them to come back and you know, fish up as they were full of crap?
How come he was ridiculous?
You know, I didn't really fall into it.
But every once in a while, I said, boy, the government that he didn't want to spend the space shuttle up
because of the problem, they were worried about it and all this.
And I think even the government fell into it, you know.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Listen, Neil, are you really going to move the Italy at the end of your contract?
No.
What did I show his move in Italy?
I thought you were going to move over to that, remember?
I'm hoping that you didn't even New York.
Listen, I'm 38 years old.
Two years from now, I got the five-year plan.
I'm almost on, I'm moving to Thailand and getting the hell out of here.
All right.
Okay, there he goes.
Well, I was quick in the size of the earth at the end.
Just like that.
There he went.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Here's the facts.
Neil, you pussy.
I didn't think he'd give it a return to your callers.
I paid my big bucks to hear you.
Not some asshole shouting, not a cone.
We're asking for a goddamn douchebag request.
Yes, four Myers arrived in New Year's, but don't tell anybody.
We've already got too many of your...
Look at that. Smithhead listeners.
No, that Schmidthead.
Migrating over here.
Keep telling him how Schmidthead is here.
Okay, Schmidthead, four Myers.
There we go.
Signed BR.
Or BS.
Well, here's a call from...
What does that say?
I was supposed to be hard for this type of...
Heartfold.
It says, Heartfold, Connecticut.
Hello.
What's going on, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
I'll be listening to you over here on the Internet.
I just got some news from New York, and that's a bit of a part of that.
Just quit the jet.
Yeah.
Well, let's go say that piece on 60 minutes last night, and his wife is pretty excited about it.
Oh, yeah.
From Mike Wallace.
Yeah, I know you don't talk about sports.
No, I'm sure you don't.
Not if I can help it.
How about Michigan State, though?
How about those Spartans kicking a redneck Gatorade?
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about my boy Tom Brady there at Michigan kicking Alabama's ass there and overtime, huh?
What's the story with your boy on Marino?
No, what's the story with it?
Marino.
Like I said, we don't discuss sports on this show.
Better watch yourself.
All right, guys.
Everything okay up there, sir?
Yeah, everything cool, right?
No fallout from the rotten apple?
No.
Good.
Everything cool.
Okay, if you see Rudy Giuliani, give him a big kiss for us.
Don't know the guy.
Right on the back, though.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, we did it.
We cleaned it up, then we did this.
Yeah.
Nice going here, Rudy.
You fascist piece of crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line, the reason I'm doing this is the first day of a new millennium.
I want to see how it goes here.
I want to give these people an opportunity to call it.
There's a, we've been doing this now a half an hour.
Is there one person that even called it and talked about since we've said it without the call?
No.
No.
Nothing.
When we were taking a survey last Wednesday, instead of just giving George their vote one or the other,
they all wanted to give like a big song of dance.
When we, when we want to song of dance, they won't sing and they won't dance.
When we don't want to song of dance, they sing, they dance, they sing, they dance.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
I think the word I'm looking for is uncooperative.
That's the word I'm looking for, which is a pretty shmitty way to be.
21, by the way, speaking of shmitty, how's Carol doing?
I don't see you.
I have these other factors that came through there.
I didn't see that fact from Carol at center one.
With our final total, which she, she, haha, haha, oh man.
Woo!
Yeah, I have one final thing to say about our center one fundraising campaign for 99.
Yeah.
21, by 411 at 560 WTAM.
Please tell me I have the right copy.
Yes, I do.
So.
It's leaders sports radio 560 QAM.
Postes on block.
I'm B.C. News.
We interrupt this program for an important news bulletin.
From our news offices in Miami, Florida, we have just found out that O.J. Simpson's girlfriend is still alive.
Mrs. Tom Broke, we are turning you to your early scheduled program.
See now you do believe in her.
You can't even lie to that.
1041 at 560 WTAM.
Guess what I just got here in the mail?
You probably already saw this.
My annual Christmas card or New Year's card to what it brings from my close personal friend.
The great Dave Johnson.
Look at that.
It says, Happy Holidays, baby.
Austin and Dave.
And it's a picture of Dave Johnson with a guy with glasses that is a bad Austin powers wannabe.
Look alike.
Nice going, Dave.
Oh, it's the best card, Dave Johnson.
Who will be talking to on Kentucky Derby Day and the other triple crown races?
If we make it the good Lord Will and his jury, which they used to say, by the way, is he still alive or what?
Anybody important die a general admiral Zimbal died?
Anybody know who he was?
No.
He did.
And somebody else died over the week.
Oh, Elliot Richardson.
Elliot Richardson, the former Attorney General for Reagan, when he told him to...
I mean, for Nixon, when it said the fire archival Cox and he said, no.
No, he said, you leave Cox alone.
Huh?
Here's a little belated the season's greeting card.
Open in the mail here from Jane Nelson at Fidelity Federal.
Fidelity Federal?
Who the hell is Jane Nelson?
Is that the lady that bought my house from, I think?
Oh, I don't know.
It's really interesting when you get cards from people that like you're supposed to know who they are and you're really not quite too sure.
Maybe it's the Alzheimer's kicking it again.
So let's say he died.
Elliot Richardson, I think some other...
I don't know, some other people died.
Maybe he'll tell us.
Also, by the way, if anybody was just that game last night at the heat game, we'd like to hear more of the bad things about the arena.
Not the good things, only the bad things.
Usually, I would say the other way around, but in this case, when it comes to Mickey Erison, I want to hear only the bad things.
Because nothing too bad could ever happen to him.
Here is a man that gets a free pass from everybody in his town, from the politicians, everybody in their brother, the newspapers, Mickey Erison, who's...
His big business, his main business, which is the Carnival Cruise Line business, is sucking money out of the economy of this town.
That's how he makes all his money.
Tax-free, chips registry, Mars, chips registry, Uranus, chips registry, someplace else so they don't have to pay taxes in the US.
And gets their scholarship, a free pass from everybody in this town, and then they go and fill them a goddamn arena.
And another slip into port, by the way.
I'd say they ought to slip it in his rectum, but they ought to do with the goddamn Carnival cruise ships.
So if anybody wants to call in, rip the guy down to Mickey Erison, Arena, or the Carnival Cruise Line, please take all the time you want.
We'll even put the spots on hold.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Happy New Year.
And same to you.
I have a cure for insomnia.
Yeah.
You just got to watch the Peter Genny's 24-hour special that they had.
Peter Genny's was on for 24 hours?
I don't know.
I don't know they could keep him awake that long.
I was worried he didn't keep anybody awake that long.
And the best line of the whole weekend I heard, I was watching the Michigan Alabama game right at the beginning.
They go the keys for the game is to get Tom Brady off.
Yeah. Sounds good to me.
And I was like cracking up without thinking about you when I heard that line.
Love that Tom Brady, man. What a game, huh?
Yep.
Hell of a game.
It was a great game.
It broke all the records.
Four touchdown passes.
344 yards. That kid is awesome.
Yeah.
Dynamite.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day, Thomas.
I'll get to this eventually.
What was Manders saying about Tom Brady last week?
He's a very handsome young man.
Who can't see that?
I can see it.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T line.
The world famous line.
See there was no big deal.
Those three weeks that I didn't take calls.
I'm still pumping the numbers here today.
We finally big, the leadedly had one call out of time.
And that was from Hartford, Connecticut.
Did we get an out of time call from Florida?
No.
From Fort Myers.
From Fort Charlotte.
No.
From Naples.
No.
From see us out of the city?
No.
From anywhere?
No.
From West Palm?
No.
No.
So while that bitching and moaning in bellyic.
I don't get it.
Because as soon as you start with a phone's again.
It's the same old turn again.
Same old crap.
Here's a call in dear field.
Beech.
Hello.
Neil Yahweh.
Yes, sir.
When you say it to you, sir.
Happy 2000.
Happy 2000.
Neil, ask for the callers.
I think just take less callers because it's not you just keep all these idiots and if you don't feel like taking calls one day
Don't take them. Yeah, like tomorrow maybe. Yeah, like them all
I mean I wanted to talk about the Egyptian hijackers. Could you imagine being on a plane six seven days eight days eight days with all these
Sand monkeys when they got on the plane it probably spun like hell. Yeah, that's right. I'd have traded too high
I've ever thought about that. Yeah, I traded too high such as in a bar soap to get those people
They're crazy. In fact the Indian government
I understood was gonna put kid curry on a plane to make them all scatter run the hell off of there
How do you like the Indian government by the way giving into them?
I remember they kept saying we won't deal with terrorists. We won't
And I have it all over the right and I think they were afraid that if they didn't do that that right into your stroke
Amid that they blow the whole of that and plan up. Yeah, that's all I got Neil. Okay, I have a right here
What's that by the crew cuts to boom?
5 6 7 0 5 60
Bokeh Brian to the only middle get that and pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Lots of very bizarre mail here today really my cards. Here's a card. Look at this. You won't believe who this is from
For my good buddy Donna tello over on the OS coast over in Tampa
How the hell did you even find out? No, this isn't this is not must not be him season greetings from Donna tello who the hell is Donna tello
Another another card from somebody I have no idea who it is well, we'll get to it eventually 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing great happy New Year to you. Happy new millennium
I'm a hot guy panther season to take a hold of it. I was split trees with some guys
My name was on Saturday. It was on sunshine channel. It was on TV. Yeah, it was on a small dish
On sunshine. Oh, they had the Tampa telecast right it was on the Dish
I don't know you got the small dish. I got a sunshine thing 632 the channel on them
I watched the whole game and it was on regular sunshine channel ended there and also on the
My point being this how come sports channel didn't have that game on I mean I realized that they're carrying most of the games
I believe either right I can 4 or 5 games. They're not carrying and as it turns out that was on a holiday when everybody would have been home
Everybody could have seen the game everybody could have seen the phenomenal pop-up burry scoring four goals
Right that must have been a hell of a game. I didn't see it. I saw the high game. Yeah, you know I need to do just a cell tickets because
They had 17,000 they listed in a paper 17.8. Yeah, yeah, that's our biggest part. I think
Maybe why they kept it up, you know, you think that I don't think that is anything to do with it. No, I mean
Maybe that was their thinking but I don't think yeah, no, it was a great game. But I'm still gonna get a little
He's out there
I was
Circus getting out there. Yeah, get that word down
Whatever the hell is name is yeah, super
I just want to let you know about that. Let's go Panthers, baby
Of course, there's least had a little bit of a
Problem there in Buffalo, sir tonight, but that happened to the best of us, you know
Can't win every goddamn night. Isn't that what they say in Toronto can't win every goddamn night? Uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 the verticulation. We're almost through one hour now last the three weeks when I was doing this so we don't we've been going home right about now, you know
The last two weeks we need just about on our way home right now
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Happy New Year, man. Same to you, man
I just want to
Blushed on a couple of friends of mine that went out and spent thousands and thousands of dollars. I'm preparing for nothing really
There's so many gun that I don't know asshole would do that. What kind of a schmuck would do a thing like that?
What what that thousand dollars on what I got to be bought a generator cost five thousand dollars for this big diesel generator
He's an asshole. He went out and bought all these guns and ammo. He's an asshole
Anyhow he was buying these miller
He's got a lot of guns and ammo and maybe it can take that last one back. Go ahead
He was taking these by these military meals ready to eat the freeze-dried food and crap
He just spent a lot of them on and what did he think was going to happen? What was supposed to happen?
I don't know man
He had everything and he had like 55 guns on the diesel like six of them to run the generator
He thought he was gonna be without food and water for six months. He's an asshole
I got to tell you that a lot of people out there did that I was surfing the web and everything checking out all these
Why to pay sites and these guys were just spending so much money and there were so many sites making millions off this crap
Yeah, that's good for the economy though. That's excellent. Oh, yeah, it's great and and I know even though there are
These people starving of course. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I'm much it costs New York to clean up
Costing three million dollars to clean up. Yeah, thank you
Thank God there's nobody starving in Harlem or in the you know, please get on the bowry
You got people waking up on the side of the street like a popsicle. You know, come on
Why do you got to understand the human race? This is the way we do things
We have to go ahead with our agenda, you know, whatever we think is important
We want to have a good time
We got to go and make a real gaudy and glitzy like the other guy said about the British over there and no matter what else is going on
We can't be worried about that. We got more important fish to fry, you know
You've been to Paris. Yeah, two days. That was a match for me
Yeah, the actual power was real nice too with all of the homeless people around there
Yeah, you don't want to go anywhere near there believe me
Did just go to Hollywood you'll see no frogs there. You need to go to France to see French your assholes
Exactly. Okay. Well, tell your friend. He's an asshole. He's a douchebag. I have a happy there
There you go
I'm gonna say it again any of you people out there went out and got the bottled water and the hoarded all the money that all these stupid things
It's the change of a calendar, okay? As far as the computer systems were concerned the big institutions like the banks and the government and the
Airlines they had already tested these things, okay?
Oh, I don't want to be in a plane up there at midnight at the stroke of a minute
That was one of the best things that I saw they they're just a handful of planes in the sky as the stroke of midnight
And of course one of the things that a lot of you great religious folks forgot about
All you Armageddon screamers out there
You forgot that God forgot he forgot to tell us which time zone the upon the Armageddon was gonna come and that's right
What time zone is the world gonna come into wind? Oh
Maybe in New Zealand your animals anyway. Let them eat their souls holes whatever it is
Stupid stupid stupid idiotic jerks man superstitious silly people
Nationally syndicated radio shock jocks Don's Irrannable and Michael Mira. Oh my god
That couldn't be the famous Don and Mike that used to be on
Oh
An IOD
Conan Mike
Well, yeah
Picked on a wrong person when they made derogatory on air remarks to an official from a Texas border town that gained international attention
When it decided to conduct its city meetings in Spanish how do you like that?
We can relate to that the pair who hectored an else and he's a city commission with an obscene with obscene comments and told the residents
Who don't speak English they should get on their burrows and go back to Mexico where the targets of a complaint
File Tuesday with a federal communications commission else in ESO commissioner flora Barton and a coalition of Hispanic advocacy organizations
Arrasking the FCC to sanction the media personalities their radio station and corporate parent infinity broadcast
Incorporate a corporate the horribly rude loot and cool comments that you're on a moan a mirror a mirror made in their August 17 phone call to city
Hall that was broadcast live but Don and Mike show ears on 49 stations nationwide isn't that sad?
Here's in that set 49 stations nationwide and Don and Mike
Blow even he knows that that they blow
But what was the one thing we got Don Geronimo and hearsay and what's the one line he's got? W IOD. Oh, yeah
He that was that was the only redeeming thing that Don Geronimo ever said W IOD. Oh, I hate that station. Nice going down
Get on your burrow and get your ass out of town
Six minutes before 11 at 560 WQM or back to the phones today. You don't like the calls. We'll see you another day
You know, that's where it goes come back for business another day. Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, happy new year and back to you sir happy millennium happy last year of this millennium happy 20th 21st
Hey, uh John Henry
He's an asshole. Yeah, okay
What
I must be crazy. I must be not yeah, well, I wish you was crazy enough to go back to that other site the
super fun site
We would probably pass if he would go ahead and say we'll use the super fun site
We'll clean it up and then we'll build a stadium super fun. What's all is that?
That means that it's all polluted with all that stuff. There was on the Miami River
The site downtown the other one other than by centennial. Yeah, and who's gonna pay for that?
Well, hopefully we get federal funds to help out
Oh federal farm. Yeah, let me just pack up a slummy sandwich man. Just say goodbye to John Henry. You got it as Jo Angel would say wave him bye-bye
Anything else forget it. It's not happening. Okay. Have a great. Thank you
Here it is. It's only the 3rd of January and we're already saying goodbye to John Henry. How do you like that? See you John. Bye-bye
10 55 and five you know, we still don't have a schedule. See you this Christ
What?
I
Heartless bastard. I'm not expecting. I'm not expecting him to do what I'm expecting clearance to do it for Christ's
He's wandering around here doing nothing
They're all doing their shows out there at Gulfstream today plunge in their brains out
Well, can you imagine B-fo when he comes in here tomorrow?
To be lucky to have his pants still on after being out of Gulfstream
Five minutes before 11 at 560 WQA
My head is going to be a starry day
It's 12 midnight, December 31st an interior designer and a hairdresser discover the Castro district in San Francisco is
Completely devoid of people. Is it the work of Jerry fall well or is there a Judy Garland film festival being held somewhere in the bay area
Find out the answer in the new movie starring Harvey fire scene in Richard Simmons in
End of days opening an alternative theaters everywhere
Where did everybody go end of gay
Okay, 10 58 at 560 WQM Peter Lenderton here anybody in the building listing and management Peter Lenderton
Salesman is in a studio while the show was on here. I don't want to get him in trouble or anything like that
But god damn Peter Lenderton is in here again god damn it
I just mentioned that in passing get out of here
Happy new year get out go away happy new year
Go ahead see annoying
We left me a lot of really good
Chapter is usual
5 6 7 0 5 6 you left here from some people that were in that brand new American Airlines or many I think we're gonna hear from them tonight
No, no some people are on that awful carnival cruise that was supposed to go to Puerto Rico etc
Gonna hear from them today. No, no
No, because the callers like I've told it before they got their own agenda man. So just go with the flow take it easy
Here's Margate hello
Happy new year team you send you sir quick question about the hockey trade with the goalie does Vernon have anything left and what are your thoughts on that?
What does he have anything left? I don't know he's 36 years old. I don't know if he's got anything left
If there's anything I have mixed feelings about it to me
It's one of those trades you have to kind of wait and see you know I said because the Vorak was playing really good
But but still he's always been a tease the Vorak and he's got a lot of speed
He makes a lot of move they can never finish. He never really does very much
As far as scoring you know I got seven goals. Vernon's got a ton of experience doesn't that's right
Maybe you're right maybe somewhere down in March and April in my hell
You sure can't judge by the game you played on Saturday evidently. I didn't see it
But from all reports he was hungover exactly and one
Y2K bit channel six during whatever they were doing Friday evening and all of Friday afternoon
I just kept running that crawl on the bottom of the picture there to go make sure you have half a tank of gas
Ah the plan for long and you know they were instigating
What was you doing his channel six channel six forever is in responsible for that should be
Side in the leg okay Tony
Tony cigarette oh of course you should I should have been the toenail
You have a good day sir and back to you no serious injury Tony
We look just on the side of the shoe. This is a warning
God damn grave robbers
exploit exploit exploit
Terrorized get people panicky and then exploit for what it can the best part of it is though most people much to their
Should grin the overwhelming of the same people did we panic did we get psychotic? Oh we rush out and get a bunch of money in supply
No
So now we're smart and they're dumb which we already knew
5 6 7 0 5 60 look at this there we go. We got 400 open lines here again today
It's back in your hands again this phone is instrument is in your hands here you go
40% of the people on Wednesday said we want the colors back we want the goddamn colors Neil
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello. Yes sir. Yes, I'm caller first. I'm listening happy new year sir
Great show. Yes, it is American Airlines arena. I give it a D-
Yeah, and I'm being nice about it
I was in line to get some food concession stand three minutes to halftime
Went back three minutes into the second half. Yeah, we'll have time to get toward us a french ride at 325
Yeah, order. Yes, terrible terrible people have been playing in no beer. They run out of beer
Let me see how many empty seats were there like by the second quarter
Ah that really stumped Miami fans. I hate to say it and and I'm one of them but three minutes into the game
They missed the best part of the game great game
They came back at the end like they shouldn't have been there to begin with so close
But everybody was leaving with three minutes to go. Yeah, I saw that I saw the last the minute on tv and they were it looked like
80% of the crowd was gone already at least you're absolutely right and
I was before 10 it was before 10 o'clock at night
What kind of a pussy town is this it's before 10 o'clock at night? I realized that they're you know the holiday weekend is over
But the why do you show up for that long and then when they're making this big comeback all of a sudden you pay a lot
I don't get it could not agree with you more 10 minutes before tip off half the arena was full
That was really uh sad to see something like that yeah
Grigorina when it's all said and done the only thing it makes me feel good though is no one that's Mickey
That's looking at those empty seats that makes me feel better
You know yeah
At uh no comment on that one but yes I agree have a great show congratulations. I'll read the dirty all right
5 6 7 0 5 60 congratulations to us and by the way for those assholes who've been giving me way back
1976 all you'll never make it 86 months in this town here
We are 24 goddamn years later and it's fat bag is still on a radio. How do you like that?
That lady from the Christian coalition oh you'll be off January one you'll be off January of course that was last
January one was our off last January one yeah off for the holiday I was off
I was off this January one two because it was a goddamn Saturday bitch
But I'm back here January turd man you turd that's right right back in the old state here
All you naysayers all you dummies out there if you don't like it find something else to do and by the way these arbitrains that came in
Like I said before don't look like people who's big experiment, but it's like everything else he does okay
He's got the minus touch in reverse
Everything he touches turns the pure instant uh Schmidt that's right
I was never saying that to myself all we came along. I was thinking of different ways of saying that you know a volshmit
Schmidt head
But anyway look at the Brook Daniels the battling brook. I promised that I would tell you this
Three to seven p.m. By the way nice going there hopper the fat one
I guess of course that'll be over right now any day like this Sunday probably although they're playing a girls team
You know we got a shot
They're playing a girl's team they're playing a choking gagging girls team they might actually win that god in game on summit
They got a shot and then look at everybody gonna say wow we were wrong, you know
All those people that were carrying on uh Jimmy and Danny um Jimmy and Danny yeah, what are those assholes gonna say?
Probably the same old crap. What am I looking for Brook Daniels persons 12 plus
Now I will say 2554 and that very important demo. She made a little bit of a comeback
From a point eight back up to a 0.9
I thought air sweetheart you're the best honey you're on a roll
Well, I forgot she's getting her hunchback fixed. I forgot that
12 plus which means the entire audience even old drunks which is probably the only people that would listen to that bitch
Oh, I can't I can't get to here it is way down on this page is it on here where the hell is it?
Oh, yeah, time with ww fe radio fe whatever the hell it is some spix station
W-I-N-Z-A-M she went from a one point
in the last trend to a
28 nice going sweet art really bad sunny
Ricking new ground under a one share in total audience there on a 50,000 what clear channel station
How do you like that or whatever it had queer channel
50,000 freaking watts in the middle of the dial and all their day parts
I forgot to look and reconcile it because I like them. I won't look at it
Because obviously I know what the answer is okay Pete you're like you're you're the turkey mod of radio man
That's what you are
Here's a mobile invoke hello hi Neil yes sir
Neil I'm a long time listener. I'm a former Rutgers village resident. I want to give you a call all right
And I wanted I would say we I would say we missed the neighborhood that I'd be lying, you know
No, I know I know I know you sent my business on Normandy out to get it
My life is listening we have her nephew in here for about a week
And I'm worried about him because I don't know which direction he's going the boy is 12 years old
listens to show tunes and
Want to take dance class. What do you think?
I think get him a nice pink Corvette would be nice
And he had a CD he took with him called Tom Lair. Yeah
So just you know, I wanted your input because she doesn't believe me but she's got the radio on
So I don't think he's the editor of football team. What do you think?
I think he will I think he probably likes to shower with the guys wouldn't surprise me at all
All right, Neil. Thank you. You're lucky pal. Whatever you say. Oh here's our uh, oh
Look at that
Here's the stuff from Carolett setter one as we wrap up the 1999 Neil Rogers setter one campaign. It is faster
Now she can't get this last week's specs total because they have a wide 2k problem
We may not have that number today, but we should have it sometime between now and uh, the end of time as we know it
88,670 without without that
It does include
Monies received. Oh, no, wait till you're this
They received from the golf tournament
1350 bucks cash 11 8 99
Now the golf tournament was September 24th the famous oh j
Oh golf tournament September 24
And they had in writing that by it was 30 days after it was at 60 days
Well, whatever. I think it was 30 days, but nevertheless they did get 1350 on 11 8 November 8 of the 2500
They were supposed to get I'd like to know where's the other 1150 bucks, huh
Yes, Golan, where's the other 1150 bucks that you folks told us you were given a center one, huh
Of the 2500 Palkybuck's they were getting
Especially considering the fact that the radio station sold 110,000 dollars worth of advertising for people who just got promos to promote that bogus golf tournament
110,000 dollars and by the way now that the campaign is over
Did the one of Beasley's ever said to check over here for center one no Gregory no
Most of the other people who gave us money last year or should have been given no
I just mentioned that in passing not that I want to singer a singer anybody out
I do want to finger some people out. Yeah, this is the finger
Isn't that pathetic you would you would think especially in light of the fact
That the this golf tournament was so detrimental to everything we were trying to do and scooters
up so badly
You think that just
I'm guilty conscience
Would have caused these people to write you know some kind of a young
The only problem with that is this is wqm. Do we have a conscience? No
It do not be in our vocabulary
Eight minutes passed 11 o'clock at five sixty wqm went or second hour of the new millennium man. It feels just like last year
Yeah, it's and does it feel any different no
No
Let me see that still feels the same no bigger
I'm not a baby
I'm not a baby
I'm not a baby
So wait as this didn't mean
I'm not a baby
I'm not a baby
I finally turned a
baby
And I'm going to be glad
Yeah
All you want to do with me
Not a baby
But I'm really hot
Well
We're pretty close
I'm not
And
The schoolgirls
Where you're
But my name
When you think of what you do to me
Remember that I
Pretty week
Four of exactly 11 o'clock at five fifty. Okay. That's it. I'm pretty week like I said
Boy, what they do with that comedy network. I wouldn't
Do this deep old your I'll tell you. You probably got something to do with it
That out of time on him. We heard from four Myers today. No
See what I mean all the money all these
Look at this
That's the one dead spot
Western, Florida
I wouldn't give you fifty cents for the whole god damn kitten commood all over there the whole uh oh god
Deadly eight seven seven eight five sixty three forty five very simple
What's that one of those four hundred numbers again? Let me say it again
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello
New York before my brother goes packed in New York. We heard a bridge panda
Just once
Here's Miami Beach. Hello, Neil how you doing?
Well, I don't know about you
But you shot like some stupid idiot. That was for him. I'm sorry. That's okay. That's okay
Listen, uh, I've heard you talk about it for years and years, Neil
For the millennium I went to Las Vegas with my family. Yeah, I had the time of my life. Right?
I stayed at the uh, I stayed at the Marage
Okay, I was there for ten days
Uh, my father and law fluids all out. There was twenty two of us
He was out there for 39 days, Neil
39 days in Vegas. How how could you survive 39 days in Vegas? What was you in panhandling?
No, well, no, you know, he's not he's not a uh, he doesn't really gamble like that anymore, you know
So what they'll do for three now? Oh, we saw every show we went to petrosions
We went to the I full power for dinner every night. Yeah, we went to the Venetian to the Bellagio
We went to every party. We went to every play. We saw every concert. Yeah, Elton John Tina Turner the whole thing
I thought that like this time was pretty good. You know, I moved from New York. New York
I thought sucks compared to here. You get the weather you get the sunshine whatever
Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. The weather in the sunshine here and when then what after that? Well, that's about it
Okay, there you go
But um, Las Vegas is the greatest man
You got to look at the sun sentals you're on the front page this morning. It says looking for a pulse
That's the headline now I had never been gambling before I went once when I was a kid that's a homer
I played the slots which they yeah, there you go. I went I went there
You know, I said well, let me pull out 500 bucks to spend you know, and I'll see what happens
I sat down with the sky, you know my father-in-law. We wouldn't we played a bopper out one night. Yeah
37,000 dollars, you know, 37,000
Who on 37 grand I did you did I did
Like I said, let me just do that. There you go. Yeah, I don't know. Listen. I'm going out there for Thanksgiving
And I'm gonna go out there probably maybe two times. Yeah, you don't want to go out there Thanksgiving. No. Oh, so
I mean if you want to go ahead, but it's too crowded. Well, there's a convention that goes on for business
Like I said, you want to go there Thanksgiving there you go, but need a listen. Thanks on it. Thanks for the tip
I think everyone should go there. I don't know if you want 37 grain. I think I'm gonna be expecting you know my slice in a
Mail, you know, I did any of slides. I did pick you up something. It's either true that picked up a pair of
Crystal glasses from the Bellagio. It's a crystal stem glass. It says 2000 in the stem. Yeah, and I'm just waiting for them to be shipped in from Las Vegas
Because we had so much stuff. We couldn't we couldn't get it all over. Oh, and here's the here's the capital when I get into South Florida
Yeah, because we flew out of Tampa because that's where the family was. We were all on the same flight. I had to drive down Alive
To Alley. Oh, SpeedTrap. SpeedTrap. So all day long. So of course welcome to Broward County. Bingo. Here's a hundred and eighteen dollar ticket
So to the FHK FU and you I love you. Okay, bye.
Send me my slice
Hold the pepperoni. By the way, you know the richest queen in the world. I would have thought it was very dillard
But the richest queen according to USA today another or no, what papers. Yeah, it's Toronto Star. I'm sorry
The queen of Brunei. He's worth 30 million dollars
Do you know that the queen of Netherlands queen B tricks? Who's only like a figurehead?
She's worth 5.20 billion and that bitch the queen of England. She's only worth like a half a billion 45
What is it 450 million? Pike her. How do you like that? I only 50 dollars that queen Elizabeth 450 million
Small potatoes we'd heard compared to queen Beatrix
So there's a guy that said Vegas is pretty good. I don't see I couldn't have said that just doing the show here by myself
Could I have said that by my son? No
And he said they got a great McDonald's there and some 7.11's at her and they got a Walgreens and an accurate drugs, I think
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Okay, love putting being put on hold. That's my favorite. Here's a mobile and wife's palm. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir
Let me put it in a nutshell just like the guy who just hung up
We don't have time to wait to talk to you. Yeah, you know, I'm saying I mean just don't
Bitch and mom about not having calls and then beg for them take one if you feel like it man
Don't don't drag the show down by
Luchin begging don't drag the show down. Yeah, I'm
In the showdown the cow is now
In the film fan
Just remember what he said I'm dragging the show down. Yeah, so stop it already. Yeah, no, I will not stop it
I don't you like that. I'm gonna continue dragging it down in the show too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. We're still waiting on line 9
It's the same old crap. We haven't been out of now and I'm happy yet
You haven't got time to call my big fat ass, okay?
Here's a mobile and pop it all hello
All over does take email mobile and pop it all hello
Hello, yes, sir, my aunt you're on sounds like you. I went to the glorious to find concerts
For a year's eve was that in the new Mickey Erison arena and the Mickey Erison arena?
I'm the Mickey Irina
Last May I paid $350 for two tickets 350 a piece right
First row up above the lower level. Why do you want to go see that bitch? Well, I love her
Okay, it was a great show fantastic, but anyways came in got let down by an attendance to my seat right there
Right where they said it was gonna be and I couldn't sit there because they didn't have a railing put up
It was about a five foot drop and they said I'm sorry sir
It's you won't be able to sit here. I said well where do I sit?
And they said well wait right here. We'll get the director of operations
In about 20 minutes later we stood there my lady in a gown myself and a tuxedo and a director of operations for heat operations came and he
Took my tickets and he said I'll go get you two more seats and I never saw him again
So was on the show and the show started I just looked around and found the seat and set out
He took your ticket and you never saw him again. I just took him. He says I need I said well look
This is my only proof that I you know, I have a valid complaint here
It's no I need these to take to whomever and like you ought to join in that class action suit
That the people from that carnival cruise ship that got be twirled in derailed and screwed over
You just thought of joining with them everybody sumacier since sounds like to me sounds like a hell of a good idea
There was a caller on the first
Team this morning that said the play business full of concrete dust you look underneath
Where you're in the seating area and it's there's another good. There's another class action suit concrete dust bad for your lungs, baby
Everything I'm actually it's they shouldn't have all they won't ready to open and they pulled it off because Mickey don't want to lose the moment
tonight is wwf raw
Unbelievable thanks for the good news pal. We had a great time. Okay, that'll teach you to go see that bitch glory
I said fun by the way. Okay, we got 60 look at that 65,000 open lines in the board. I'm gonna drag the show down again
That's right again, and again. I'm dragging it. Have we had a woman calling 2000 yet by the way? No
Not one lady we've been on our in 20 minutes already is one lady called up to say happy new year happy new millennium
Anything's a pleasant even unpleasant anything at all. No
See this is this is it you either get what I did the last three weeks
Which was my concept of doing an entertaining interesting show or this there's no in between there's no happy medium. That's the way it works in this town
Problem and poke them in the squeeze them just like the Sun Sentinel says looking for a pulse
Whoever's responsible for that headline you should get the Pulitzer Prize man
Greatest headline in the history of this town if the proof fits fight it
Here's a mobile in pompino. Hello you can change it from my SLA to CPR. Yeah, it's that bad listen Tampa five dead you hear about that one?
Yes, it's radison. Uh-huh not very healthy not a good end of the new year. Yeah
Have a good deal look to me like the suspect I could be wrong
But I saw a picture of one of the papers over the weekend look the dark-complexed suspect
He was Cuban actually he was Cuban he was Cuban he was he was he was he was a dark Cuban
He's off that is a phone voice a tough dark Cuban with a gun. That's the worst time
9-millimeter in the 38. Yeah, you want to make sure it's out there
I didn't say anybody get shot over the weekend in Toronto
I'm sure that there must have been one or two but not like here. I thought it I gotta go. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line in the out of town line line nine
I think we're gonna disconnect that that's what we're gonna do this year
When it doubt just to yank it out
877 7 8 5 63 45
Even in pop beach they don't they don't care enough to send their baby
Oh, but it's the first day right after the new year holiday all this long. You have no right to a necessary
I do
This is that you got all this pet up to all the white to K stuff going on the opening of the brand new arena that
Carnival cruise disaster all of these things
That have been going on now been away here from five freaking days. Okay, all of these things all of these things like I just said
They still got no verbal intercourse. Oh, no, we want to hear the car so that makes it more entertaining and you're dragging them down
Whatever it is that's bad in the world just remember
I'm responsible for it. Just keep that in mind. Here's plantation. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. How are you doing today now great so far fellow plantation acres resident
Right
I just saw something on the website for swan magazine which incidentally I read every day now that at one time you had mentioned it
I actually mentioned a few times
They had the winner of the Darwin Awards announced today, right so award given out to those who die in the most extraordinarily
Idiotic manner
The winner this year was a
Group of Palestinian terrorists who had neglected to note that Israel had made a premature switch from daylight savings time to
Standard time due to religious holiday. Yeah, they were pointing on bombing a site in Israel
They prepared the bombs and about the Palestine controlled area set them on daylight savings time all right
The drivers had switched to standard time and they were on route to the bomb site when the explosives detonated
nice going guys
Anyway, okay, good day today and back to you. Okay, there you go
Little item from the acres there by the way plantation acres is wonderful except on Sunday
Okay, I don't have any regrets about living out there but live there for a long time
But on Sunday with a song rash mall out there are they given stuff away out there? Is that what it is?
What is that? It's a hobby. It's a pastime. It's so boring here for the guy that called from Vegas
We've given you a song to answer about New York and
Was starting to tell me about how exciting he thought I was here and I said well what beyond the sun and the weather
Well, that's it the sun the weather and the song rash
I left it out the frickin' song rash
Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello
Hello, new. Yes, man. I'm very happy new year and the same to you. I miss you. I know you had a good time in Toronto
And I hope everything is okay. Everything is okay. Everything is hunky-dory all our computers are working here
Even the just heat-bass place. How do you like that? I think it's wonderful
Uh-huh, of course when it comes time to get paid this next week
They'll probably say oh we had a little computer glitch over there in Naples, you know? I'll get your check on Thursday
Right well, I'm glad you're back. Well, thank you sweetheart and you have a good one and happy you millennium
Thank you. Bye-bye. That's what the back street boys are saying happy millennia
Oh, by the way, that was the number one album of the year
I just mentioned that in passing since George is on the phone and I was gonna what I said right now
Number one album of 1999 millennia by the back street boy
Oh, just mentioned that in passing since he was given us a song and an hour and a half ago that they were dead meat
Number one album of the year
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. Well, how's that soup coming by the way, you know?
Do we still do we never put that in here?
Not that I want to start putting on we got in and we do have
We got that we also got so
Where's the Davey gravy line? Here's Margate. Hello. How you doing now pretty good sir? I love the show all right first time call
Hey, I was wondering if he registered in the United States. No, no, what about?
I think they think they he'd have registered on Uranus. Oh, yeah
I wanted to draw your attention to the sports page on the Sunset and all
Yes, sir. Is that a clean on sitting on there or one? Where is this the front page of the sports section?
I got ten sports sections of the Sun Sentinel. Oh
What is that it's a clean on on his head? Who is that that's a girl gardener? He's got a clean on his head
She looks like it to me. Oh my geez. Oh my god. Wow
Bring a good Prisperca observation on your parts sir
Yeah, happy new year back to it. Wow
Look at that thing. What is it? I think it's alive
Laying the game against the Redskins defensive line and Darryl Gardeners resigning it at all and six loss in the past eight games and look at the
Klingon on his head
That's our pull question by the way is it worst to have a Klingon on your head or on your rectum
man
And look it kind of looks like he's doing a Greg read with it, you know
Like Greg has always got his finger in the hole in his head and he's got his finger on it and the Klingon too
Nice going there Darryl. He'd be a little upset
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 on the AT&T line. Don't mean to be dragging it down though. Oh, I'm gonna do this
Well, let's do the mobile and Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, yes sir
20% tax what's the 20% so charge on parking?
What do you do with a 20% so charge on parking?
That's what you do with it
Stick it up Nicky's and I'm telling you three blocks away
You can you can park and walk to the place. Oh, you you call me a worst thing
Well, have a nice day sir. Heard that guy. We only heard like three minutes of the worst team this morning
He called and said the same thing see what I mean about colors. He's a good guy right there at X barter
He's a good guy, but he called and said exactly the same thing on the worst team in the last five minutes
They'll show this morning
Papa, you know what I'm saying? They're like there really are only eight colors in the world
Not just in this market in all of talk radio. There's eight colors and they just do voices. They do like feel you know
They do voices and speaking of film by the way
What I just I mean what is that all about?
It must be that station, you know
Although compared to the other numbers on the rest of the station in midday they're actually doing a number
However the problem being now IOD is up to a two seven in the day and they're down to a one-eight
Because they already had their biggest numbers in midday with Dr. Laura in the Lardas
Peter you are unbelievable people here. It's unbelievable how you can decimate every goddamn day part
He's the doctor Mangle of
Radio the Turkey moda of broadcasting Peter Bolger
Distring everything in his wake
27 after 11 and 560 WQ ams wake up with the first key
Hero road Jeff the Barrett and C. Boaty we did morning to six home lit on sports radio 560 Q a.m
y
And
That is how the bitch was so good of his wild.
A certain amount of blood would be in his face.
And I found out, who didn't chase me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be bed with her little bitch.
And that's the best out of the bitch he's no fildies now.
1130 at 560 W.C.M. got Hank at Gulf St. Park at 2.
We got the Booster 6-845.
I have San Francisco 40-owners at the Atlanta Falcunz 845.
Anybody going to be listening to that?
No.
16,000 open lines in the board.
We haven't even finished two hours just about an hour and a half.
We got the phone calls back on here.
A couple of them.
In the meantime, they're out of material already.
560-7505-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, good to see you.
Happy New Year to you.
Happy New Year to you.
I just hear somebody alive over there on a wife's coast.
Yep.
Move here in September from New Jersey.
And I very much enjoy your program.
Thank you.
Just wondering or one to let you know that seems like Media 1 this morning might have a Y2K problem.
They've been off the air all morning.
As he signaled out, he can't get in to call him on the telephone.
Really?
And it seems coincidental that it happened the Monday morning after you know the birthday of business.
Yeah.
You know?
Hey, listen also, I don't know if you know this or not, but your buddy Lou Bagel with his
Mombo number 5.
Yeah.
He was on Kathy Layla's week in Regis.
Did you see him?
No, I don't want to.
Well, I like to do such an enjoyable feature on the show.
You should have seen Regis trying to do the Mombo.
I'm glad I missed it.
All right, look, happy New Year to you.
Happy New Year to you.
Have a great day.
Okay, that's it.
We got one call left and then we can go back and do the new rider show, I guess.
We want the callers back.
Okay, well where the hell are they?
Now I want to bring the show down like that guy said, here's the Davy.
Hello, our last call.
Hello.
Neil, hello, man.
Great.
A pleasure to be one of the first calls of the 21st century.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
And how's your new center call?
How does your garden grow?
It's okay.
Uh-huh.
Now, I heard something.
Very much like the previous century as a matter of fact.
Yeah, do you know anything about the net people in the big dish?
About what?
The big dish.
You never know if you ever mentioned the big dishes.
Are they being faced out?
Yes.
But they're not just going to get rid of them.
No, I mean if you got one there's still stuff up there but it's going to be obsolete.
What do you want it for?
What's the point?
Well, you get a lot more stuff on it.
Like what?
Like what?
There's about 10 satellites.
And what do you get on the big dish that you don't get on the smallest?
Or I've had a big dish for 12 years, you're talking to the dish expert.
I've got milkic, I've got flasic.
What do you get on the big dish that you don't get on the smallest?
Besides a few wild feeds that quite frankly are shadow of what you used to get.
What would you get?
A1, America 1.
What?
The free stuff.
The feed.
There's some good, there's some good free stations.
Is this the guy with the eyes?
Hear worse.
No.
I thought it might have been him but you were obviously occupied.
That was, that's okay, right there.
Right there, that moment in time.
Freeze it.
Freeze it.
That was the only call I had on the board at that moment.
There's only a couple more now.
After all the gnashing of teeth about not taking a phone call, it's determined so on.
And everybody's got to say their thing.
And it was the guy with a freaking eyes.
And his one subject, the guy with a big dish.
Oh my god.
George has got, George has got like holding his wisdom teeth and you don't even have any of anymore.
My teeth ache.
My rectum aches.
The guy with a freaking eyes.
I thought a couple of times it was him.
He must have had a cotton, I've had stuff with cotton and his mouth too.
His pussy.
Jesus Christ.
That's the best that this town can do.
And you want phone calls on a guy at the end of the talk show.
I get the sparser that calls in and we're getting with the same comet, the same stupid comet,
about $4 surcharge to park four blocks away or $50,000 surcharge, whatever it was.
There was a bunch of the freaks play basketball at the Mickey Harrison arena.
And then it's same exact verbatim.
He must have had a written down.
Somebody must have wrote it down for him, the material about how much it cost in the park.
And then I get the guy with the eyes.
And this is what they want to hear.
The guy with the eyes.
Tell us about the goddamn big dish.
You can shove your dish in your rectum.
And your freaky friends too, alright?
Get a goddamn life.
It's a new millennium.
Turn the page down to calendar if somebody can buy you one.
You geek.
You moron.
I was going into a coma just listening to the tone of the voice I should have known.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hi.
Happy New Year to you.
I don't get a chance to call in often, but...
You did a jaybody else, pal.
Oh, why didn't I do this to myself?
I just want to throw my decents in.
I really think you need to keep the callers on the air and I'll tell you why.
Because you make the show for 23 years or 24 years or whatever you're going on now.
And we enjoy listening to you.
But these callers are coming that are so ridiculous and stupid.
Make the show even funnier, alright?
I don't know.
I couldn't live without it.
It's not easier for me, pal.
A lot easier.
Well, a lot easier for you to talk to them or a lot easier not to talk to them.
A lot easier to take the calls and kills a lot of time.
Sure.
You think it's easy to sit here and talk for four hours with no phone calls?
Oh, no.
It's much harder, much harder.
Which...
They make the material.
They make the show and I don't see why you always have them on here.
No matter how stupid they are.
Always.
You get paid, you get paid, no matter what.
That's right.
I think I'm checking regardless.
I call no calls, lunch, no lunch.
But I think you so much, Neil.
Keep up to go work.
We'll hope you're around for a long time.
At least another month.
The stronger the Moreno, thanks.
Okay, have a great day.
There we go with Jimmy and Danny.
Took a little over an hour and a half.
And Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Another cheap shot, okay.
I'd retire right now before to play off, Danny.
That's what I would do.
Let him put that kid who went out there next week and watch him.
I'm making an ass out of himself.
Here that guy named Jason Cool.
I was coming back from the airport the other day on this station.
I'm the 600 hour four play before the game yesterday.
Jason Cool from the Harold No Les is got that insesctuous relationship with this radio station.
And he's on there.
Well, you know, it was all Danny.
And then he goes out about what the defense didn't do this and the special team didn't do that.
But it was all Danny.
I didn't know Danny played on special teams.
I didn't know that he played on defense.
I didn't know he was supposed to tackle guys.
I didn't know all of these things.
So what the hell do I know?
Jason Cool, you jackass.
Here's a fact from Jim and Naples ripping Mike Vernon and Old-ass.
Mike Vernon is a good guy, okay?
So he's old and, you know, crabby.
Just like the rest of us.
I like Mike Vernon.
Maybe he'll be good.
And maybe he won't.
I don't know.
Maybe he'll fold up like an accordion.
And the good news is maybe Trevor Kid will be able to come back in a few weeks or not.
At least there's a chance now with a couple of days ago we thought that there wasn't any chance.
Who knows? Does anybody care about that?
No.
A Palm El Baris score is four in one game.
No.
Huh? Nobody cares about that.
Oh.
About Pittsburgh beaten Detroit 4-3 last night there in Pittsburgh.
No.
Anybody care about that?
Nobody Armory Yaga about Marty Strachan coming back from his injury with a goal of three assists in his first game back last night.
No.
Anybody care about that?
No.
Just checking.
22 before, before noon.
At 560 WQM.
Are you tired of...
Sports radio.
560.
Q.A.
And we'll die.
Good morning, all.
David Atteboy, here with Feeble Corner.
A salesman was giving a demonstration of a new computer.
This machine knows the answer to any question.
Just ask it one.
One man in the group, bit skeptical of the machine's ability, walked up and spoke into the computer's microphone.
It was a trick question.
Where is my father?
Yes.
The computer blinked its light and a little cod popped out which said, fishing off Florida.
The man left.
Some smart computer.
My father is dead.
Everybody in the group had a good laugh, but the salesperson piked up.
Wait a moment, this computer can detect trick questions.
I don't understand.
Try refraising the question.
Or I said the man, computer.
Where is my mother's husband?
The computer's lights blinked for a moment and out popped a cod which said, dead.
But your father is still fishing off Florida.
19th of noon at 560 WQAM, 5607 0560, pound 560 on the 18t where I was lying.
George votes for no calls.
By the way, I was mentioning that he isn't really getting a vote, but he votes for absolutely no calls.
Here's a leading coral spring.
Hello?
A lady mobile in Coral Springs is gone.
A grand total of six minutes and 26 seconds.
You waited an hour, dime.
And she's gone.
How do you like that?
Couldn't hang on for this.
Get out.
Tell you that.
Fucking bitch.
Thank you.
I'd say happy new year, but I'd be lying.
5607 0560, pound 560 on the 18t line.
Here's a call on our out of timeline and keep coral.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
Happy new year.
Same to you.
It's wonderful to have you back.
And I just want to thank you for the last year of making my life very pleasurable every day
and a way to work with us into your show.
Well you're welcome.
And I just want to say that all the bartenders and former guests in Cape Coral listen to you and love you
and you're usually part of the discussion late night.
Great.
Have a nice day.
Thank you very much.
See you.
Okay.
5607 0560.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
You want a new opportunity.
Okay.
Three weeks of no calls.
One of the most momentous events in the history of goddamn broadcasting.
Four somewhat hours every day of me sitting here, puking my guts out doing a great job to if I might say.
Thank you.
And to these people have anything to say about it?
No.
No, nothing.
They all got their own little agenda.
This guy was the night sky.
We've had some nice people on here today.
They weren't too exciting.
But nevertheless they were one or two that were worth a while two or three four or five.
maybe one five six seven oh five sixty that's what they want to hear they want
to hear these numbers they want to hear that tone in my voice that sounds
real agitated am I agitated not really not really in fact a week from the
day I'll be a lot less agitated one and a why because next it's the tenth you
know what that is
payday baby payday that's what it's all about getting a big big fat one and
a check to you catch it good catch this here's Miami hello
me yes sir how you doing happy new year to you sir happy new year to you
think that was one of the first things I want to do the second thing I want to
share a big fat I told you so all of those um
assholes that were packing their basements with canned foods and thinking that
it was going to be the end of the world they were packing and how do you like
that oh it was incredible man you and me were the only two out there telling
people not to worry that it was not I wasn't packing it I wasn't either man
thank you for being so accurate me you have a good one and God bless you
thanks and pray pray for rain okay pray for something pray oh you know when we
ought to pray for is that God then kids Scott my long guy would show up and do
my uh pancies on air and my god damn well hey Scott you know I'd like to do it
sometime this millennium I'm telling you the way that people do business you've
heard me say this before I don't want to start being negative I started a
year on a positive note this morning 10 o'clock right out of the box I'm in a
great mood but but Scott you're a good guy but you know all the other stuff
that I always say is true but sometime before the God damn sun starts boiling
a hundred degrees every day I'd like to get in those God damn flowers that die
I mean what a scan this is he puts them in like two weeks later with a hundred
degrees in the shade and they die Scott from forever green whatever the
quality may opt there and bokeh Scott somebody who knows him kick him into
growing a little bit kick him in a crotch kick him in a rectum ass tell him
sometime this week would be nice to go over there and do niels also we
said nice things on air about you okay with your two you do a nice job if I
can never get you down there I'd like to get him down there yeah that too I
would here's a call from Ottawa hello Neil yes sir
less of us and more of you yeah is what's needed I mean I've been listening to your
show over the years on the internet right best show on the radio I show in America
that's what everybody says I'm in Canada but that's what I say never the
show in Canada too they wouldn't let me on here up there those concentrated
bastards well you know how we are in Canada we're we are an anal
repetitive country look wonderful people but little anal retinot that they
inherited from the bridge they can't just not doing it correct but I mean I've
been listening some of the college you have my god here we are in a brand new
millennium right and these people have absolutely nothing to add you had three
weeks of the most amazing radio you know you know something I haven't had one
caller it's almost noon today I haven't had one caller that's even got a
comment on the three weeks that I did without taking a phone call whether they
liked it they hated it the stuff that I talked about nothing no no no again it
was great radio the bits are great your comments are great you know it's it's
I listen to a lot of radio I sit here and write a a website every day so I
spend most of my day reading stuff on the internet and listening to radio
stations everywhere I got to tell you you would and I'm sure you're well aware of
how much bad radio is out there and people are not aware how good you are and
how good your bits are how politically aware you are yes I am and Neil you do
know hockey that's you know that comes as a as it surprised to me how how much
you like hockey why is that a surprise well because people in in you know in Florida
don't really know the number of Florida that's fair enough but I'm not just
to write could I could swim across the goddamn Lake Dirt of Toronto go see the
Maple Leaves man you know what you're still gonna be waiting for your lease to
win the Stanley Cup that's okay we're having a good time I think they got a good
shot this year hey guys shot that's what Pat Quinn said you know happy new year
for the game Saturday and Buffalo is to do that's ought to be shot whenever
less happy new year best of the season and like I said I said it again and I'll
say now less of us more of you okay God bless you sir and code Devils at
to the staff knew by the way don't take a personal but need the devil to it
thank you for mentioning our beloved Ottawa senators I'll tell you what moving
the Portland next year possibly but no I'd and in fact the word after 40
minutes and hockey night in Canada the other night they're saying it looks like
they're gonna get their money you think I'm gonna get there looks like the government's
gonna come through we don't want to lose the senators do we know we know we
don't really care no God bless you pal they care I'll pray for it pray for the
Ottawa senators anybody here know who that is no they got nice uniforms though
good team five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
how do you like that I'm gonna stuck into some of this other stuff too because
I don't you know I thought we were gonna get some really dynamic stuff here with
a yeah yeah this is dynamic is after you know after five days away I was off
the year for seven months I came back to get dynamic home no it's Florida
searching for a pulse yeah but we had a good time in Vegas oh good I'm happy for
our good he sent me some crystal I'd rather have like 3700 bucks that's 10
percent huh we'll be wrong with that I give you half I give you 1850 now I guess
that's a great idea yeah that's that's my share that's my a piece everybody
wants a little slice bring OJ back come on roll back for a little slice top
beer drinkers in the world what country I think it is George you'll never
guess because I know which one you'll say in your wrong what is it I'm sorry
I'm top beer drinkers and I've got all these lists they're great much more
interesting than I want to Vegas in that a good time nationality or ethnicity
what country country Germany and I what did I just say I said I know what you're
gonna say and it's not gonna be right now what would that tell you Germany's
number three Ireland number two how do you like that you're getting a little
warmer you got number three number two you know what alcohol thing says I hate
the Irish and number one you never get this Belgium the Czech Republic top
beer drinkers in the world I would have thought they'd like to look how do you
like that 160 liters per year as it take me to your leader Ireland two Germany
three Denmark four Austria five looks in Berg 6 United Kingdom seven Belgium
eight very good australia nine and New Zealand it's been a lot of time down
under number 10 top wine drinkers you'll get this one wrong too guaranteed let
me give you a clue I bury in peninsula not Spain Portugal oh there you go all right
I'll go never would have gotten it I would have guessed like France or Italy France
number two there you go who's not a role now how many leaders can sir consume per
capita Portugal 60.6 France 60 point and Luxembourg 58 point Italy 55 point
followed by Switzerland Argentina Greece you're the why Austria and Spain Spain
where they drink a lot of that the sweet wine that's why they talk so
fruity with motifgratius that's why they say that they do they talk fruity in
Spain man they talk that cacalan whatever the hell it is motifgratius
Diana caster caster caster caster caster caster caster caster caster caster caster caster caster
yeah that's why all those the sticks talk with a list man they're all about
their fruit flies make no mistake about it you know I'm talking about it I'm
sure you do top tea drinkers you'll get this one wrong too because I know what
you're gonna guess I don't much about too much of those colors on there this is
good stuff I had a good time in Vegas there's a bunch of stuff to do there good
great we're happy we're excited maybe I'll go there someday soon top tea
drinkers George huh I just got you saying you're gonna guess I know what you're
gonna guess it'll be wrong so why do you say that that's number two is
England number one very close China very close China's close to England close
well I didn't know if you met close geographic geographically close not
Scotland not Wales Ireland all right who is the Brits and here's a picture of
Tony Blair sitting there with his cup of tea or at least he claims it's tea in
there but the Irish drink coffee with booze in it we'll get to coffee in a minute
okay which you you'll never get that um Kuwait's number three Kuwait tea
drinkers I'll explain it well let's try to cover up the smell four is Turkey see
what I mean five is Qatar six is a Bahrain seven in Syria eight is Hong
Kong nine is Iran and ten is Sri Lanka that little turd that's hanging down
from India yeah Sri Lanka's a little you turd turd this look how to map you know
what this thrashes me I mean I know there's a lot of dumb people as the
number on educated country but geography if you took see just take a map of the
US yeah forget about Alaska and why because they're way to hell out there but just
the continental US and you take just a hundred people off the street off a shopping
mall how many of the forty eight states do you think that most of those dummies most
of those morons whose middle name is a good identify keeping in mind that a few
years ago they did a study at the University of Miami and all those brilliant
spoiled brat there at U of M or wasting daddy's money pretending in education
most of them couldn't find Florida on the map even though it's a drooping right down
they're in the state too they couldn't find it and the kids from New York could they find New York
at a map no no even with Long Island sitting right out there like a big turd in the middle of the
ocean could they find it no no pathetic geography and if you took a map of the world I will
grant you with all the countries that have had their names changed like there's some of these
list here they got names of countries I never heard of which I won't burden you with because I
can't even say them top ten mobile phone using countries now you should know this because if
you were listening the other day which you probably weren't I told you what was number one
Hong Kong number four at least you're getting countries that are on the list I said the other
day that they had a piece on it on the news around 60 minutes two or one of those shows about the
people there are very non-verbal and all the kids are running around with cell phones in their
ear and Nokia happens to be made by people in that country and it's not Japan it's Korea
Finland Finland Nokia is made in Finland that sounds like a japan name to me it's finished
and keep it up like this and so will you be two is Norway right next door three is Sweden all
Scandinavian countries they talk on a cell phone they don't like talking to each other too much
on a cell phone four is Hong Kong then Japan Israel yeah well you don't have to worry about a
letter bomb it's easy to call seven is Denmark tied with Singapore nine is Australia and number
ten to US it's amazing how far down the US is on a lot of these lists and especially the
way to get things like health and all like for example the oldest population in the world what country
where they live a long time and a lot of pasta Italy and a good Mediterranean diet
out here for George Italy German 40.2 the oldest
talk time with Japan I'm sorry then Germany Greece Belgium Denmark and Croatia tied with Bulgaria
see is the US anywhere on that list no and of course you do realize one of the reasons why
the life expectancy in this country isn't as high as it isn't a lot of other countries
like Jimmy Johnson would say we got shot somebody says all the time we got shot
number 10 and so as a result we didn't live too long the youngest wait till you hear this
which this isn't really a country the youngest area in the world I guess because it's not a
kind of the Gaza strip the median age is 14.4 yeah because once you get past 20 you get shot
followed by Uganda and then that African I'm always having trouble with I want country NIGER
where the average age is 15.8 Yemen the uh what is it the Congo Somalia Zambia and
Gola a lot of dead people in Africa baby a lot of disease AIDS and others what it's rampant
over there it is rampant mostly among the heterosexual crowds who by the way I just mentioned that
in passing we'll get back to these calls though all some of this to me is a lot more interesting than
the calls but nevertheless we got to get these calls on everyone bring it down let's hear calls
out let's go 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we'll find a happy medium during the year 2000 that's our goal
some days with calls some days with no calls some days with a few calls we'll just let it
out even it out and see this is a bad day to be starting because Monday would be the perfect day
to have no calls every Monday because I realize you people are really you know we got a lot of
heavy duty crap going on around Monday you got to like you know punch the books do a lot of
other stuff make it look like you're you know put on a good face make it look like you're doing a
job catch up for all the crap you didn't do the end of last week and over the weekend and then
on Tuesday then we take calls but today we got to make an exception because today of course we've
got to know you know getting all this great input on the three weeks I did which is basically
nothing no input except the guy from Ottawa how do you like that see outside of the area and
especially outside of the country they appreciate the show in Dayton Broward they wouldn't fart
on the best part of me and upon beach like I said
the Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s Q
A
M
sports radio 560s
don't you see my head
who's on your tail
nobody move I'm here football players don't you make a sound I'm just going to rape your wife
and leave quietly don't let this happen to you today's national football league crackhead athletes
are above the law protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home with
the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System
I never met a criminal I didn't like and if they can catch the ball and run with the ball while there's something special
take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God in the
wife named Tyrone the Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System
see your local crack dealer 40 pounds okay it's 1509 and 560 WQAM and this Saturday can it
possibly be this Saturday they were going to be down in Dextergaard which I wish I would have
known that a minute ago but nevertheless better late than ever John Penis still working here or
what anybody seen him lately huh and we've seen him since before Christmas maybe he just
vanished or maybe he just had another one of those strange accidents he's famous for this Saturday
January 8th noon to 2 will be a next to cars I'll be there George will be there I'm sure because
I'll get free cigars and also probably squeezing some back home yeah what's your name will be there
again maybe cigar rolling demonstration sampling event house their bushes new product take
key to an Arumba food and entertainment of course great prices on the best of cars in the world at
next to our 7111 white flagger street right off the ball middle noon to 2 will be there this Saturday
how do you like that and then we'll tell you some really good stories here's a lady mobile and
bokeh hello lady mobile hello yes ma'am yes let me say it again here's a lady mobile and bokeh hello
hi no Jane Nelson my five-year-oldie federal how are you hi Jane how you doing fine you don't
remember me I did your mortgage about five years ago I said that I said that Jane is the one who
sold me my house I said that right but I did your mortgage not so your help I'm Greg Nelson sister
oh your Greg Nelson sister my friend Greg Nelson from a loopback road in that's correct
that's correct I'm here now somebody smash my window last night I was he was waiting here with me
and he had a customer so he had to go inside he wanted to tell you hi well tell him I said hi
tell him I'm currently well tell my cars are great and how's your mortgage and my mortgage is great
okay good then you're off that okay thanks Jane's great happy holidays happy new year same to you
how do you like that I just mix your around the air and he is on a phone Jane Nelson
oh I'm wearing great shape today five six seven oh five sixty come on let's go let's hear
some commentary and see the problem with the callers is they don't care about the last three weeks
they're not interested in what I did here the last three weeks they have no feeling about it
no opinion about it they have nothing to say about it good bad and different scathing whatever
nothing how can you have no opinion like I said on Wednesday
how is it possible like I said please frame the front page of this morning sun settle the
headline above Danny boys the push searching for a pulse
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey you know how are you pretty good sir I just want to tell
you the last three weeks I thought the radio was fantastic yeah fantastic I think the only time
you should let the callers call in and voice your opinions when they want to picture about something
like the new arena that I was at last now let's hear about it that place suck when it
doubts picture mom that's right I pay for that strip that Mickey Irrigation and taxes that's
right that no good son of a gun right they charge me more for tickets and now I can't see the
court I could not read the names on the back of the jerseys last night so high up you know it's
ridiculous I'm down looking at the scoreboard now it's only twenty bucks for the binoculars yeah
right right in the place was dirty it took 40 minutes to get a get a drink everybody was upset there
was no parking yeah they didn't even give you a program when you walked in they nobody knew what
was going on it was a joke they should never have opened this building they should never have opened it
yeah and that's about it Neil I'm glad you had a good time yeah one more thing yeah go bills okay
yeah those bills how about those bills yesterday oh oh oh little scary kind of ironic that all
these doll fans suckers yesterday had to be pulling for the jets wasn't that pathetic had to be
yanking for the jets I'm trying to think of which game ended first I think the the Kansas City
and because that went in overtime I watched the end of both of those games talk about classic in
Neptune and by the way P.D. Boy and I was kicking in there for Kansas City they got a specialist
they got a guy not a guy that both kicks off and kicks the field goals like most normal teams they
got Pete Stoyan of it who still a little hung over from that night down here years ago I guess
missed that there was you know 46 yard there was really long did he come even close he yanked
he pulled it that would have won a game for Kansas City or whatever it held was yeah what a
won a game and then they got another guy that kicks off who's a specialist who kicks the ball
about 20 yards so the other team gets it in midfield every time nice going here chief
pathetic 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t line toll free line for the entire world 877 785
Neil 877 785 60 to 45 how's that soup coming by the way I don't know maybe they're making it fresh
because that Peter Leonard keeps bringing me this stuff in and you notice why do you let him in here
or you weren't in here you were out of the room I'm telling you from now on he's not allowed
in this room Peter Leonard I won't see me he keeps bringing me in stuff that keeps making me sick
and you know by 12 30 I'm going to be so racing out of here again
keep your ass out of here Peter and the rest of you too if you can stay out of here
slipping out of the door here's a mobile and pompano hello oh Neil happy mooney him back to him
okay mooney watch the doom in the cartoons all right what I want to say you mentioned it the cell
phones the number one country was Hong Kong no Finland what was that what was Hong Kong number one
on what were they number one on yeah you said you want to what slanted eyes yeah that's a good one
I like that now it's really great you know I play with the cell phones on my own stuff but I
thought that really that Japan would have been number one myself Japan's number five number five Finland
number one in the double man pincher rain on the list either have an ice tacer yeah wait where's
the gym and shepherd on that list yeah this is like doing the doggy list I read the list for your
information not so we can discuss and that is a topic to throw out to the audience so we can toss
it around and back and forth what was number four on there no we don't want to do that do we want to
do that no absolutely no so I'm not going to do that anymore although I will give you these
top in alcohol consumption okay now we did beer before but this is overall who's you'll ever
guess this to obscure Ukraine what's in burg 11.8 liters per capita
well what what else are they going to do number two Portugal well why what else is Portugal
up there oh they were top line oh well oh man huh told you about those Portuguese yeah put the
gazing their number two the French number three now that's interesting because in the wine
France was number two and in the yeah well what else are they going to do like I said
that much of pigs check Republic number four Denmark number five followed by Austria Germany
Germany where they start drinking beer for breakfast did you know well they like
getting drunk early in the day then it makes them forget you know well we don't remember no
hall across Hitler who is that hungry number eight Spain number nine in Switzerland number 10
so I would say that the Iberian Peninsula would be a good place to go if you want to
slash maybe they just think a lot of sangria in Portugal huh five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the 18t line here's a mobile and Hollywood hello yeah Neil this is Dave I just
want to comment on the firing of ray roads and all his little breath pack thank God the pack got
ready them okay thank you call one of the sports shows call up hang could be on a two be glad to
call about ray ray roads dusty roads salty roads slippery roads Randy roads you know what I'm saying
we got two calls left in the board is pretty slim and grim see I make it through three weeks with
flying colors with your problems no was there any down my mind I was going to do it no I joked on
Wednesday I was going to put some calls on there did I ever intend to put any on no now we're just
past noon here on the first day of the new millennium they can't even make it through three hours here
don't look like much less of four hours show boy there's one of me sitting here in this chair okay one
me and there's at least 20 or 30 you guys out there with your radio line at least five or six
and yet somehow I can hold up my god damn man welcome and you can't you can't even pick it up
you can't even hold it straight up in a year five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18t
what how about that Andrew could end and huh how about that Johnny Versace how about Princess Diana
I was two years ago well I'm still waiting for the calls about that stuff I'm still waiting on it
how about that Paul Berra four goals in one game how about that big burden and
reddit's war x-rayed anybody care about that no
I'd like to go from the York City it's so exciting here you know it is it's uh
eight minutes past noon at five sixty wqa mv
ate
I pray for the painful death to keep you away.
May the vision of death touch you my child.
In the sky on your next life I want you to die today.
A Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan, as I am proud of me.
Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan, I find up graciously with so free God for you.
May God for you.
Bapau Bapau Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan bakery
on Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan I love meeting borders.
Bapau Pakistan
The reason that most people are calling today, they're too busy taking their bottle
water and batteries back.
They don't have time to be calling me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got Hank coming up at two.
This audience looks like they're out of material to me last time I looked on this thing.
It's pretty weak.
877-785 Neil on the AT&T line.
877-785-6345.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
How's it going Neil?
Okay.
Happy New Year, ma'am.
Same news, sir.
Hey, please go back to no more phone calls.
Yeah.
Please, it's not a...
Don't you think they make it at the end of the day, doesn't it?
No, no.
It's not your fault, obviously.
It's just that it sucks in.
Just please.
Well, I'm not...
Don't try to figure out why 40% of the people who called in the poll I took were you listening
on Wednesday.
Yeah.
I took that poll and 40% of the people said they like to show better with the calls.
That was the way.
Huh?
The way they said.
They're useless.
I mean, I don't want to just sit there and listen.
I mean, but...
No, it was so awesome when...
I mean, without the call.
I thought so.
It was great.
It was great.
You know why?
Because it was more informative than people who really wanted to get in touch with you with
the car.
I'm calling you, but that's because it's the only reason the only way I can actually contact
you is because of...
Right.
I can't do any.
I can't thank you for my car, but otherwise, I mean, it was great.
It was awesome.
I thought it was really entertaining.
But again, I'm on this end of it.
Oh, and by the way, everyone out there listening, keep in mind that this is not the Millennium.
It's next year just for the Vitiate.
Yeah, but if you look at it, it gives us a chance to have another party again.
Yeah, true.
Yeah.
I'm in the wine business, so yeah.
There you go.
Okay, pal.
I'll see you in portrait.
I'm going, buddy.
And back to you.
Yeah, we can spend another half a trillion dollars next year.
That's the real turn in the Millennium.
Changing the data on a calendar makes any difference.
Does it make a difference?
Oh.
Except on your computer, of course not.
Oh no, but it's the end of the world.
We just don't know which time zone it's going to happen in.
That was the first thing that struck me as I saw that thing.
It was like real early in the morning.
It was in New Zealand, where they were the first ones to celebrate the changing into the
new millennium or whatever the next year.
They're flipping it over in the calendar too.
And I thought to myself, gee, how come the world is going to be like this?
Nobody told us which time zone this arm again was going to be in God's Den.
Well, of course we know it would have to be in the Middle East, right?
Yeah.
Because that's where all that crap started.
Alligged.
Where did you supposed to be in Egypt?
Oh.
They really weren't.
Supposed to be.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
They didn't want to go to Egypt and let it have to work on those God-Den pyramids.
Not Jews or not begin to manual labor.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
All right, listen, you got to stand in line because you're the only person that can talk
to Panther's hockey who will not give me the party line.
Went to the game on the first, obviously.
Stacked down on my seat.
Just by comfortable.
Whoops.
There's a greasy goal.
And five more files.
Look, it's still here in Vernon.
Let me ask you this question.
Yes, sir.
Why is everybody in this town so negative?
The guy was rusty.
He hasn't played in a while.
And he's 36 years old.
Maybe he's still...
It's going to be like a dany thing.
I don't know whether he's going to be any good or not.
But the guy played one game.
The team is in first place.
They have the biggest lead of any team in any division in the league.
They're playing far better than we ever dreamed they were going to play.
Burry is on fire.
Whitney's playing great.
That was my...
That was my...
But why is everybody so negative in this town?
I just wanted to...
I mean, it was kind of surprising that he would come in and he was a catagole to be, you know,
to improve on the gold turning and the guy, you know, he looked...
You know, for a first game he looked...
Yeah.
But they won a game.
No, it was great because they won the game because of Pat Valbury.
Right.
And he's the greatest.
He's absolutely great.
He's worth the price of his mission.
I agree.
And he is, by far, the best professional athlete in South Florida.
And he's in no place.
No, no contest.
And nobody knows who he is.
Well, but you know what I think he likes it that way because it's the opposite of what he's doing.
And he knows what's happening in Vancouver.
Yeah.
Where he was a Danny in Vancouver and he was under a micro-scopic criticism.
Now he can go in someone of anonymity and play a game.
So I think it's a great...
So far it's a great marriage.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a happy pal.
You too, but...
Golees go.
I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line and out of town line, I guess.
What's the point?
I just want to put the dial tone on.
And when I think when we get a call on here, then I'm going to take a call.
When we get a call on the out of town line.
Of course, it's going to be kind of hard to get a call if I have the dial tone on.
But just give it a shot.
See if it works.
Okay.
877.
I guess not.
Here's the mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
And you know how you're doing.
Okay.
Hey, first of all, I want to give my opinion.
I like to show with the callers, but I also like to without the callers, if that's an opinion.
I just like your show.
There you go.
What's the point?
Well, and listening to this morning, all the people that worked at Arena, you can't imagine how shocked I was that the corporate structure in South Florida built a stadium and didn't really take the desires of the fans into consideration.
I'm just shocked beyond the league.
Now, Ben.
Just imagine how well they would take care of the fans if we actually did build a baseball stadium here.
Just imagine how well they would take care of the fans.
Just like the seats at the Yentos Center in the corners that are like about a third of the size that are like baby-ass seats, because Wayne had a squeeze in extra thousand seats in there.
Exactly.
We would need a tube of KY the size of the Miami Arena.
Yeah.
Otherwise, our rectum would never be the same.
Well, it's interesting, though, and they also didn't need that many seats in either one of the Arena's because we haven't had one sell out at the Mac Arena.
And the last night for opening game in the New Arena, right on a holiday weekend and all, you think that that place would have been packed and there were plenty of empty seats.
And by the time they got in the last couple minutes of the game, that place was like a ghost town.
One other thing I wanted to mention, I know you don't like the cops. I'm not a big fan of cops.
I don't like bad cops.
I like good cops and all like bad cops.
By the way, now that we're in the next millennium, how is that process that will ring in Kendall coming, huh?
I don't know.
That big internal investigation that we kept getting the inked about.
There's no God that investigation. They swept it on the rug.
I'm not a patriot.
But anyway, with all the gun huggers and religious nuts and the area nations, people and everybody else looking at the millennium as a job opportunity,
I think you got to tip your cap to the authorities for keeping those people under wraps and not allowing anything to get blown up or murdered or anything like that.
And also throw a dart at the Amer and Seattle, Aaron, those gutless politicians, they called off the celebration because they're a bunch of weak need pushies up there in Seattle. Shame on them.
And while you're at it, you may as well throw a dart at the Amer now and here just because he deserves it anyway.
There you go.
Take care of everything.
Yeah, Mayor Penga, who was sitting there with Governor Bush with the Jeb Meister last night, and I was thinking to myself, words of a feather sucked together.
Mayor Penga, Penga, Pakenya, sitting there with Governor Bush Meister.
Oh, man, what a quinoa that was.
And by the way, did somebody forget to tell Governor Bush Meister and then Orlando's also in the state of Florida?
Somebody must have forgotten to tell him.
Yeah, since he's rooting for the heat there last night.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir. Happy New Year.
And the same to you.
I got some good news for you. I don't know if you've been told.
We have a Godfather's Pizza coming to town.
Yes, I have.
Oh, you have been told that.
Oh, Davey?
Oh, Davey?
Yes.
There's a head station being built over on Davey Road just south of 595.
Uh-huh.
And I passed by and it's just that looks like it's just my complaint.
Now, I saw a sign. Godfather's Pizza.
But when is it going to happen?
You know, these just like shaken, uh, staken shake.
They keep telling us, oh, you're getting a staken shake any day now.
That it's been going any day for like the last year now.
Well, no, no, this is actually built.
Yeah.
The building, I mean, the head station is there.
Well, the sign is already there, huh?
Yeah, the sign is there and it will be part of the head station like the one.
It's like, I've seen the one in four Myers.
And it's just going to, I guess it's just going to be like that one.
Outstanding.
By the way, there isn't a shaken shake.
The door is just going to fire.
It's going to be a coral now.
Okay, I'm on my way.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you for the good news, pal.
Godfather's just coming, baby.
It's Godfather.
Oh!
567-0560.
Was that distorted or was that just my imagination?
Maybe it was a Y2K bug.
You think so?
Uh-oh.
Could be.
Watch out for those Y2K bugs.
Speaking of bugs, how I spilled, I'm sorry.
I won't see him no more.
Fill the bug man mysteriously vanished from the face of the earth.
Just like Scott, my gardening guy.
Scott from Forever Green.
You're going to be forever green all right, Scott,
unless you get those guy named Patunias or Pandys or whatever those things are in there.
And fertilize my lawn.
You got to keep chasing these people.
It's not a freebie.
Believe me, I'm paying them to do the work.
Okay, and you know something that Peter Leonard is going to die.
Peter Leonard is going to die.
You want to know why?
That's stuff that he brought in that I was eating before and didn't eat that many of.
You know what's already happening?
Like they say at the Outback Steakhouse,
you can feel the chocolate thunder down.
Rectum.
Under.
God damn you, Peter Leonard.
You don't understand that I want you out of here.
I don't want you bringing this stuff in here.
If you want to eat it, if the people out there want it,
more power to you.
I don't want to eat it.
I'm not running a restaurant in here.
Okay.
I'm not running a restaurant.
I'm running a restaurant.
I'm running a restaurant.
I'm doing a radio show.
Stay out of here.
If you're pushed, get any dark.
You're going to start looking like what's his name?
Ron from Ron and Ron.
What's his name?
The Indian.
It's not Betty.
Ron Diaz.
You should have seen it.
Did you see it in this morning, Peter Leonard?
His face looks like Schuleather.
So it goes to show you when you have to pop the first 40,000 riddle in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th T-Lab.
By now, I'd have been home for an hour and a half these last three weeks.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm talking about the equivalent amount of time.
The perception of the passage of time.
Those three weeks this show went by like grease lightning for me.
I can only speak for myself.
Just like that.
Here with these numbers, pumping the numbers, pumping the,
do we have a lady?
Then we get a lady or two.
Oh, happy New Year.
That's it.
Nobody at this time has got anything to say.
And you want me to do a talk show with telephone.
So some Jack asked to call the worst team in the morning.
Can you call here and tell us the same stupid story about spending 80 bucks to park for
a wait for blocks away from Schwarzball our last night?
God.
Say something.
Come up with something good.
Come up with something interesting.
Something amusing.
Something interesting.
Make a phone call.
Make a statement.
Shock the hell out of me.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy New Year.
Back to you, sir.
Your three weeks with the no call is great because you were in a better mood and seems like all the
assholes you call you.
But you know bad mood because they don't know what the hell they're talking about.
That's a good point.
I'm already starting to sour a little bit.
Now he's in a great mood when it came in this morning.
These I say screw the callers.
Don't let them call you.
And just have a good day.
Happy New Year.
5667-0560 on the 18D wireless line.
Come on, let's go.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear your great A material.
Come on.
If you got it.
No.
Don't forget this Saturday will be a next cigar is new to two.
Sugar rolling and has this version of product.
What is that?
What is that?
Did you hear that?
Are the walls of Jericho going to come tumbling down?
What the hell was that?
That wasn't somebody hammering back here.
That's somebody pounding out a guy damn wall back here behind me.
What the f*** is that?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Happy New Year.
Same to you sir.
You're signing a bit sour.
I hate to say it.
I'm getting on it.
Wait a minute.
Hang on sir.
Hold on.
Yes sir.
What the hell you want?
What are you doing over there?
You're nuts.
What the f is this?
What is that?
It's right behind this wall.
Are these people crazy?
Yes sir.
Where was this guy just talking to?
Where the hell did you go?
Two.
Studio.
Hang on.
Let me get my shoe.
Okay.
I don't want to mess up the wall.
What is it now sir?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil.
I'll try not to be so sour.
No I bet you're doing fine.
The three weeks of you speaking unbelievable.
Incredible.
I don't know how you could do that.
You never missed a beat.
Yeah.
Amazing.
And they weren't even banging on the walls back then.
No.
That's incredible.
And you don't have any concrete dust in there either do you?
No.
Were you with the macarena?
What are we going to call this thing?
I don't know.
The macarena?
The macarena.
The macarena.
The macarena.
We got the macarena and the macarena.
That's not the macarena.
No.
We'll try.
And in closing, I last name is Schmidt.
Okay.
Don't be a Schmidt head pal.
I have a great thing.
My apologies to all your people named Schmidt.
He's a piece of Schmidt.
Five six and admittedly.
It's admittedly.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound pound.
What do you think that was?
The banging on the wall back here.
What is that?
I am sure it's more construction.
Oh and by the way, it's big in a construction.
So you know they've had all these pieces on TV.
Of course, while I'm out there in Toronto, they show for the five million times about how they built Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto.
Five months.
Five months from beginning from absolutely nothing being there to completion.
And believe me, the day the knife that they opened it, it wasn't like the macarena.
It was ready to be opened.
There was no goddamn cement dust.
1932, with a very relatively primitive technology they had back then.
Five months from start to finish.
They built Maple Leaf Gardens.
Here we are two and a half years later when this guy had done place.
Come back after a five day weekend or whatever the hell it was.
Is there anything being done here?
No.
Just banging on a wall.
A lot of noise.
Is that receptionist dust done out there?
No.
The one that looks like if you take a heavy breath it's going to fall over.
Is that thing done?
No.
Piece of crap.
Nice going there Greg.
You know how to do it sweetheart.
The Wana Beasley's baby.
Wana Beasley's pretending, pretending, pretending to be something that they're not.
And you know what that is?
Rodcasters.
That's what they're pretending to be.
These people are broadcasters like my little miniature,
Pinterest is a goddamn open heart surgeon.
Which by the way he scheduled it 115 a month signline.
1228 is 560 WQA.
Jim Mandage talks sports.
We can't write here.
On 24560 QA and...
Grab my junior honey.
The new Roger Show.
Well not beyond today.
Instead run a gambler sport hole radio.
560 WQA and...
In its continuing effort to cater to all three of you slag-jawed lifeless automatons.
It's proud to present...
Gregory...
Rwashing his socks.
I love these socks.
My wife got me these socks.
My favorite tie.
You know dark brown?
Gold, diamonds, diamonds, diamonds, side of the ankle.
Gotta get one.
Give that one a good scrub.
Yeah, down by the...
Where am I?
Why...
Fixed a hole because I didn't trim my toenails that.
I gotta start on the other one.
Oh no.
What is it, though?
What the?
What's the matter?
Oh, I have no numbers.
Oh, why did you take me along?
You even scat the head to society.
That'd be a good little pet director and go back to your office.
Okay.
Why, there's nothing to worry about.
It's scheduled.
Man, baby, clear channel will buy it.
I'm gonna get it.
I hooked my pen.
It's an asshole celebration.
And they're all out on the street.
See them on the sidewalk.
Over here, I'm shuffling in the heat.
20,000 assholes.
An asshole from the name.
That's beside a good people.
There's the asshole's brain.
We've got the asshole freedom.
The asshole's brain.
The asshole's for Jesus.
The asshole's for guns.
The asshole's for justice.
The asshole's for crimes.
The asshole's for asshole.
The asshole's for all crimes.
We've got the asshole's making money.
We're making all the rules.
We're making all our jobs.
We're filling up our schools.
The asshole's not water.
The asshole's for skies.
And the asshole's for health.
One is the asshole's need to fly.
Who's the asshole to tell me?
I'm a real amazing man.
I have my last one.
I have just another half-cold on the street.
The asshole's giving orders.
The asshole's throwing the boat.
The asshole's getting orders.
The asshole's getting elected.
The asshole's getting orders.
I want to pay the debt.
That's all the asshole's never dying.
They just made it big.
The asshole's been mourning.
The asshole's been mourning.
The asshole's been mourning.
The asshole's for days.
The asshole's been mourning.
The asshole's been mourning.
The asshole's been mourning.
The asshole's been mourning.
There's something Peter Lennon with two broken legs sounds.
Real, real good to me.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
I'm going to pay the debt.
OK.
21-0 at 560.
So anyway, Anne Marbury left us for a Stuygantic fort.
No offense but fall.
Sports radio.
560.
Flairidians.
Done.
After.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
And if I could more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alombs of
Houghtons, wherever you fall in comes with its own frigid air.
1244-560-WQ.
I'm the highest car ownership of any country in the world.
Highest number of cars per 1,000 people is you'll never get it.
Think of Beirut.
111.
Number two, same reason.
Brunei.
575.
Brunei.
Number three, you won't get you would never get this unless you've been enrolmenting all the unbelievable amount of traffic.
Obviously, Italy.
I could have been wronged Georgia or Rome, New York.
You would have thought US would have been number one in this, wouldn't you?
Yeah, but they're not.
Number four, Luxembourg, 561.
A lot of wealthy people, a lot of snob, you know.
Number five, USA.
518 for 1,000 people have cars in USA, followed by Germany, Australia, New Zealand, Iceland.
What else are they going to do?
Just drive around in circles, I guess.
Switzerland, Austria, Canada, 457, 8.
There's a lot of interesting stuff in here.
Which, I mean, it's not as interesting as that last guy.
Huh?
He was pretty special, you know what I'm saying?
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
877, oh look at this, we got a call in four Myers, hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Hey, happy new year.
And the same you.
I just wanted to say that, you know, three weeks stretch there.
Yes.
I mean, this is a pretty admirable job.
I know it's difficult to do that for such long since the time, but I just wanted to say that.
I think you need to stick with the callers towards the end of that three weeks.
And you're sure it's getting kind of terminal.
You're repeating yourself a lot.
You know, you talk more about this, do you need anything than they do?
No, I don't.
No, I don't.
Yeah, you do.
No, I don't. I don't talk about it at all.
Well, you talk about the opposite of it.
I'm mocking them.
You mock them more than they talk about it.
Yeah, no.
Thanks.
Wrong.
Okay, that's it.
See, as soon as we have a disagreement, thanks, good-bye.
No, I don't.
I don't talk about them at all.
We played that bit.
And of course, it's interesting because they're playing that bit too.
It's the first time they ever came in here and requested a bit from the show.
That's how popular that is.
See, if you guys, you've got a criticism fun, I can listen.
I mean, you said it's a good repetitive and ponderous, etc.
And so on.
Just like having to run out to the other room is going to be a good repetitive, which I'm going to have to do now anyway.
Thank you again, Peter Leonard.
How many shows in a row can Peter Leonard destroy my system?
Correct.
My bottles bring in and crap.
I don't want it.
Get out of here.
Go away.
God, do I hate them?
See, like I said, he was very funny in the beginning.
A couple of times, you know?
And then he started getting the wing.
And now he's beyond the wing.
Now he's like poison.
Like poison on legs.
Like poison with the St. Vitus Dan.
Now you wonder why he's not a queer channelist man.
Get him out of here.
Get him away from my life.
Peter Leonard is the Antichrist.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to bring greetings from the...
I was there over the week.
From what?
Over the week and out of the Vatican.
And I was there watching the Pope here.
He wore beautiful gold dress full length with matching panties.
And, uh, since only three percent of Italians go to church or our Catholic.
They had to pay all the bombs and street people who are to appear on the plus of the
sun.
Uh-huh.
They paid abruptly.
Listen, I'm glad you wasted all your good vacation time over there.
A hawking in China with the Pope and all those bombs, okay?
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
877-7856345.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I just have a comment about all those religious people that call you a show and criticize you.
So, here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy new year.
And, same to you.
Well, you know something.
This is not a sports call.
This is a dig at our, uh, our beloved New York fans down here.
Did you, did you hear the latest news?
Latest news of one.
Well, Bill Parsley.
Yeah, well, that's not latest news.
That's, that's old-stale news.
Yes, he resigned.
He just resigned.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So what does that mean?
Well, I, they're just making a back in the...
You remember why?
I don't understand what you're talking about.
They, they, they helped it off and down yesterday.
They beat Seattle.
They were hotter and epistle at the end of the year.
I don't know what you're talking about.
We didn't need them.
And, let me tell you something.
You didn't need them only because Pete's doing it.
It can't kick the ass out of a paper second anymore.
That's why you didn't need them.
And, Joe Netty did.
Yeah, and...
And, well, we, well, Oakland, BK, the city.
So, we didn't need the judge tonight.
So, you didn't even, okay, pal.
Grow up.
Okay.
Get a life and grow up.
Good, they have this class.
It's called, grow up to be a man.
Class, why don't you take it?
Grow up and be a man.
This man's life is surrounded by whatever bad can happen
to the Jetspan.
That's what makes him happy.
Yesterday, he was peeing in his first pants.
When it looked like Kansas City was going to win that game
to look him tight and late.
Then, so, out of which, missed that feel goal.
Peeing in his pants.
Praying that the goddamn Jets would beat Seattle,
which they did.
A girls team.
Unbelievable.
See, that's, that's the, I'm not interested in running that crowd.
I'm not interested in the sports nerd crowd.
They have, I have no interest in anything that they're interested in.
Nothing.
Zero.
Zipity Duda.
You bore me.
You're terminal.
I'd rather hear the other guy snoring for half an hour.
I'd rather talk to that old guy from 1825, whatever he was talking about.
For another five hours, then hear your crap.
Talk about no material.
Your, your five thousand votes does your call, sir, for no more calls everyone is show.
That's how valuable your call was in my mind.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and a Viro B.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Happy New Year, Chief.
And thank you very, very much for giving me an endless number of years while I was the government's guest,
Wittnoryega, a pleasure five out of seven days a week.
And prison bitch was the best thing that ever happened to my facility.
And I just want you to know that I think though I may have enjoyed you more in the last three weeks when you were talking on your own.
You were absolutely outstanding.
I agree.
One hell of a talent.
I agree.
Congratulations, God bless you.
Keep up the great work.
And the pray.
And the best to you.
Okay, and the best to you.
Find yours.
And ours.
Woo!
5,670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We asked last Wednesday, and you voted 40% of you said we want the calls back.
We want those great callers.
I mean, Neil's okay, but we want the calls.
We appreciate the fact he's done three weeks of brilliant broadcasting here.
But we want those calls back because that's what makes the show.
That's what spices it up.
That's what makes it really exciting.
Here you go.
Here you are.
As they say in the Netherlands.
There you are.
There you are.
Here's a mobile and opalaka. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Happy New Year. Same to you. Neil I wanted to
find out how many people were killed on the highways due to alcohol versus marijuana. Well I don't know
what the first number is but the second number will be. That's what I thought. Okay thanks for feeding
me back my own material. Okay I mentioned that before the weekend and this guy's feeding me back my
own material. See there's another example. His intentions are good but always doing his feeding
back feeding back feeding back like a parrot like a mine bird like a mine bird like a parrot like a parrot
like a parrot. Yeah. I just played this and I said it was one day a week instead of having a
college what will do is I'll just play that all day on an endless loop and then Peter Leonard
came bring a lot more stuff and he even made me force crap my brains out. I just become a human
smith bag that's all. Peter Leonard stay out of this studio if you know what's good for you okay.
Just keep away you piece of turg you despise that man like poison and I already say that and I'll
say it again. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Mobile and four-letter deal.
Going once. How come I don't have the thing on? Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey buddy. Hey. Hi.
Great. My name is Dave. I'm called for four-letter deal. Hey. Do yourself a favor get rid of the
colors. They blow. Okay. Well there'd be a lot of guys want the address. 5 6 7 0 5 60. The
color is blow. It says. How do you like that?
Here's a mobile and Helen deal. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. The last three weeks
good change. I would do the call all day every second but it was a good change. Yeah.
And. It's about to work. And today. And today I just kind of truck it to lunch and go back to my
office but I already want to make sure I get my vote in. How will you just know that we're not
dead out here. Okay thanks pal. Say hi to Sonny. Give me a big kiss on the lips. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
On the AT&T wireless line. I think I'm just going to go in there and you might buy brains out for
another hour. Now I come back to you'll be over. How's that son? You got this box on tape. Sure.
Yeah. I'm just going to go and submit my guts out. Got some music. Thanks a lot Peter.
See it's my own fault though because he keeps bringing me that stuff and then this it's always
something new and different. It always has the same catastrophic apocalyptic result. I mean you
talk about the apocalypse coming. It is right in my underwear. Thanks to Peter Leonard.
Here's a mobile and okay. Chobie. Hello. Good morning. Good evening. Whatever it is. Happy new year.
Happy you. Happy you. I don't know whether you're doing today but I think it's one of the best
shows you've had in the long time. You got me laughing myself. We are great. Yeah seriously. I'm
about ready to wet my pants in this week too. I'm going to put down the same way. Absolutely. As far
as the calls are the no calls. I'd like to politely remind you something you've told us many times
of years. Yes. When we have our own radio show with our own name on it we can run it in any way we want.
Right. As long as it's your show you're running the police yourself in the rest of this kitchen and
listen or we can turn the dial. F and A. Happy yourself a great one. And God bless you pal.
Take care. I'll pray for it. I'm praying for myself because I'm not going to make it.
I'm not going to make it. I'm going to make it but right in my pants. What are you laughing about?
Well I think you're going to have to play the other. How am I going to play something? No way. I can't do
that because there's not enough time. This is this is because why when you come back this is like a
daily feature now in the near-roger show effect. They're going to be office pools bringing up all
over time. What time of the show will Neil be in his pants because Peter Lender keeps bringing in
these goddamn likes it is every day. Oh my God almighty. How about if we just play a little
you know you take it by your
folks I'd like to see a song about the American show about Neil about you about the way our
American hearts beat way down on the bottom of our chest about that special feeling we get
from that tackle box maybe below the top maybe in the sub-cock area maybe in the river maybe
in the kippies maybe even in the cold we don't know.
I'm just doing regular show with a regular show. I'm your average white sub-erga nice wow.
I like to fall and forno. I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor my wife and my job
my kids and my car my feet on my table and I can't do this to go.
But sometimes I'm just getting up to keep a man like me.
No way. No I've got to go out and have fun if someone else has experience.
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I try really. Oh in the overpass way
while people see a high place work so I'm in a man I'm gonna show you.
Come on up. I use public toilet and I can't stop or speak. I walk around in the summer time saying I'm about to see.
I'm gonna show you.
I'm gonna show you.
Sometimes I part in the handy tap space while handy tap people make handy tap spaces.
I'm gonna show you.
I'm gonna show you.
I'm gonna show you.
I should be thinking of you.
I'm gonna show you.
What timing huh?
1257 and 5.
Well listen we don't have time to play the whole thing plus I don't want to play the whole thing anyway.
The ass whole thing.
Seriously we're gonna have to hire a headman for that son of a bitch.
How many years have I been doing?
I've been doing this for 100 years if I had like a chronic problem having to run together room like over the years once in a blue moon.
Once in a cock a moon but with this guy every day that he comes in here with his stuff I'm like smitten my brains out.
Kim Volcapper talks sports weekend right here on sports radio 5.62 am.
I want you to play with me.
So why did you just eat all Hitler was a monitle dictator who started World War II and became the most hated name in the world.
What about all those unfortunate who shared his last name what happened to them all this week the history channel presents the forgotten Hitler.
I was doing well then this head off comes along and who knows what's the no from Rabbi Shobok Hitler.
So forgotten Hitler's on the history channel shows you how even the most distant relative can screw up your life.
My name is Nancy Hitler I was the owner of the biggest day care center in America.
Well we were about to begin franchising our business when the war came along well all of a sudden no one wanted to send their kids to little Hitler's stay here.
Join us all this week as once again we find a way to make a new program out of the same 200 feet of news real film.
So forgotten Hitler's only on the history channel.
102 at 5.60 W.M. Just like Karen Carpenter said I've only just begun to submit my brains out nice Peter don't ever come back again top smokers country where they are annual consumption cigarettes per capita per day is the highest.
Number one France not on the top 10 wow tried to the southeast more like in the Mediterranean east of Italy.
Bosnia west.
Turkey no east south west of Israel northwest hanging down Greece there you go let's hear it.
So they're drawn the math in my head Greek smoke an average of 7.4 cigarettes per day per capita number two right on their ass right on their back don't be
behind Japan 7.3 followed by South Korea what else are they going to do Bulgaria Poland Switzerland Czech Republic lot of smoke and a drink and a Czech Republic let's go hungry Spain and the number 10 with the average of 5.
And average per can I be right average consumption per capita per day so the average American including little kids smokes 5 cigarettes a day.
So why not.
Bill the cars moniker China.
She likes to have the giggle when he makes it way go moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar in her vagina she don't mind.
Well he don't know where a stocky goes I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and unit horse.
And then I can saw the turn see their back mean saw her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
So I can see her naked.
107 and 560 WQ I'm not forget pet so bismar for all you borrowers makes your stools black.
Trust me.
Okay let's get to some of these fantastic oh I don't think so.
What what are you laughing about do you think this is a joke I'm joking about there huh.
Why didn't I just lay it there.
I thought I could have done right into the break.
I don't think I'm going to stop see what this man doesn't understand is that every piece of this stuff he brings in here has got some kind of artificial sweetener in it.
Multi-tall, sorbitol, lactotall, trapezoidol and that's what you do.
And I'm allergic to every one of those and this man keeps inflicting and infesting and if we had anybody running this guy down place they'd keep the sales people out of here permanently.
When it bout keep him out him especially.
Now what the hell does Ellie Brecker want in the middle of my distress.
Hello.
Maybe she's the cause of it.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
So on the subject of tobacco my significant other who's 55 years old had a major heart attack a week ago Sunday.
And oh I was right and double bypass surgery on Monday and the cardiologist looked at him and said you are here because you smoke.
Yeah.
So I just have that to say about that.
Oh my goodness.
It probably didn't help that the day before it happened to get an entire pint of fish food.
Well what do you mean an entire pint.
It makes it sound like there's a lot there.
How about my fish concert huh?
Oh I'm sorry.
So that's the only reason the fish concert went over biggest because that may fish would pop in a bit of a concert.
I see.
Anyway so this is just a little cautionary tale for certain people who indulge in certain things that are bad for them.
You don't want to be having them let you open like a Delaware chicken you know it's just not any fun.
Yeah.
So anyway you could say get well Markey would you say that's the room?
No.
Please.
What's his name?
Mark.
Well I'm not going to say Markey I mean well get well Mark.
Thank you.
And fix this broad fast.
See you Ellie.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Woo!
Talk about it.
See I'm talking about manic.
Depressed.
A psychotic.
I was feeling so great when I came in this morning I was on top of the world in a great mood.
First show with the new millennium I came on and said yeah here we go happy new year.
And now it's um yeah.
We're actually in the red time with all loaded chambers.
First.
How's Maryland chambers doing by the way?
Oh I know she was forced.
Her name what's her name from Deepthrope?
Linda Lovelace.
She was forced.
She was tortured.
She would have held a gun to her head while she didn't.
I didn't see the gun in the film did you see the gun in the head?
No.
It looked like a gun.
Ten minutes after one at five sixty WQYF.
A sports leader.
We have the leader.
A sports radio five sixty.
Q.A.A.
Lick it and stick it.
I treated you badly.
I know that was right.
Like a thesis in the ocean.
Strongly well known.
They're not found out.
The show.
So me and I.
Please say it.
Hey, open.
You give me a.
Blow me.
Fun is a kiss.
Okay.
Won't you blow me?
Yes.
Fun is a kiss.
You could show me.
I'm too lovely.
If you blow me.
Just one thing that you.
Blow me.
One Mr. Kee.
Won't you blow me?
Just one Mr. Kee.
I'm too lovely.
Blow me.
Just one thing that you.
All right.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
WQYF.
The rest of this was written magic.
Every woman in this group has probably got it from someone.
try a little of the west of the Hindus. Oh, oh, Islam. There you go. There you go.
There you go. Geographical help. Number four, far to the east.
Volodythm. Buddhism. There you go. Number five, Chinese folk religion.
Oh, sounds like one of those companies to one of those other towns.
Rhino horn. Number six, new religion. Followers of Asian 20th century,
new religions, new religious movements, radical new crisis religions,
and non-Christian sin. What is that? Oh, I can't even say that.
So crap. Seven ethnic religion, eight Sikhism, nine Judaism.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And ten spiritism. Oh, I do like spirit. And I got a line on them.
Hey, what's the line on that spirit game tonight? I ain't got a line on that.
Ed Kaplan, I have it for you tonight. Let's take some more.
These stellar calls here today. Today's the day I decided to come in,
which is a bad mistake. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
All right, let's hear it. We got to go. We got to almost three and a half hours
here on a Monday at a first day of the brand new millennium.
We finally had to wait down because we can't get the phone fixed right.
That was special. I mean, totally out of a left field off the wall.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Did we have anybody who was on that carnival cruise that wants to sue Mickey Erison's ant?
No. No. One or two who was at the arena last night for that heat game.
And they're all pissed off and fired up, including that same sport
that they're called 40 times today.
877-785-6345, but he got a town line.
Here's Miramar. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil. Yes.
How are you doing? Welcome back.
Hey, listen, really quick. I want to make this quick car.
What are you doing? Why are you accepting the callers?
Your show sucks without the callers.
You know, you know, come on. Give me a break here.
And what do you have to tell us today, sir?
What's your plan?
I have to tell you that you have no materiela talk about.
Okay, great. Thank you. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I just called to say that I love your show and love everything that you talk about.
Uh-huh.
I just let you know that I'm one of the women out there going for you.
Okay. Thanks.
Okay.
Neil.
Yeah.
Anything else you can say that I'll come into that?
Anything else I can say?
Yeah.
You're the one that made the call. I would assume you have...
I don't like what I'm talking to.
Well, what do you want to talk about?
Anything you want to talk about.
Oh, boy. Like I said, let's get these callers back on like this last year at that chronic spict says.
I got no materiela. I got no talk about.
That's why I did three weeks with no goddamn calls here.
No problem at all.
Like I like re-slightening, no complaints.
Now I open up to the calls and what do we got?
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
What do you want to talk about?
What do you know? What do you want to talk?
What do you want to do?
How do you want to do?
When do you want to go?
How about macaroni and cheese, huh?
Oh my god.
Get the sun sent a lot again, sweetheart.
Where's that headline on the front page?
Searching for a pulse.
Looking for a pulse.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Fort Lauderdale.
Dale.
Yes sir.
Hey, this one, I mean, I want to dumb braud.
What do you want to talk about, Neil?
What do you want to talk about?
He makes the effort to call the show.
He makes a little compliment kind of a barely can hear.
Yeah, come on.
Come on, we know what's going on.
Now let's get to the meat of the matter.
What do you want to talk about, sweetheart?
Exactly.
What do you want to talk about, eh?
A little loser.
Yeah.
How do you feel about Audrey Denton?
About what?
Audrey Denton.
He ran for the dolphins just to the Sunday.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5, as we've probably say,
goodbye to calls for the rest of this month.
Maybe what we'll do is we'll try it on the first of each month
and see if it gets any better, which I doubt.
How does that sound?
I don't know.
There's got to be some formulas so that they don't feel totally cut up.
But I mean, here was their golden opportunity, especially on the heels of the Millennium and the Y2K,
and all this exciting stuff in the opening of the new Mickey Arena,
and a million different things.
And this is why that even 130 yet.
And there is, God, the Amstale is last century's hall of aah.
Here's a mobile and four-letter day.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you give me a date?
I'm looking for a date.
You got a large audience.
Pretty good.
Here's a lady mobile and four-letter day.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Hi.
I just wanted to let you know that I love your show with and without colors.
You are the best.
Uh-huh.
My sister turned me on to you way back when when you were on at night.
So so many years ago.
Right.
In the previous millennium, right?
The one before the last one.
Yeah.
And I just love you.
I just want to say that.
Okay.
My mic.
Thanks.
Okay.
Listen.
If you love me, that's great.
But don't call me to tell me that.
Okay.
I'm flattered.
I'm happy.
Please listen.
Continue.
But it is not interesting radio.
Just sucking around is not interesting radio.
That's my whole point.
And you folks don't seem to get it.
I spent three weeks making that point.
Just ingratiating yourself to the host and sucking around.
And, uh, you know, leave that to Larry King.
He'll be sucking around Monica's big fat.
Right, Bill.
Tonight, okay.
That's not.
It's not interesting radio.
It's terminal.
It's pondress.
It's embarrassing.
It's humiliating.
It's degrading to me.
But other than that, it's great.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I mean, for the program.
I was just wanting to know your advice on something here.
How you would handle the situation that I'm facing right now.
I was a guest at the PCI Resorts overnight guest.
They're back on December the 4th.
And, uh, checked out and realized that I had left a piece of jewelry behind a gold chain.
Yeah.
And, uh, you know, this is a place where you pay, you know, $2,500 a night to pay.
So you feel like, you know, if you leave something behind perhaps,
you've got a pretty good shot at getting it back.
Yeah, you don't.
I would, I've been placed in a various five star restaurant,
or hotels rather all over the world.
And I wouldn't expect to find something if I left it behind.
Really?
No.
Well, I'm sure that in the fine print of the contract and whatever you sign when you,
you know, check in or whatever, I'm sure that in the fine print it is
and not responsible for items left behind.
Well, actually, I made a report with their security and I'm also going to make a report
with a local police because, hey, I'm not really quite sure if I left it behind
or if it was actually taken out of my room.
So, so then what if you got to a stand on then if you're not the sure,
you don't even know what the story is with it?
Well, for once they've already acknowledged the fact they've already offered me, you know,
money to actually what the material value was.
Take the money, man.
Grab the money.
Yeah, but the point is,
Grab the money, man.
Well, I am on my right hand.
You want a five-pinion.
I'm giving my opinion.
Take the money.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, ten.
Yeah, but, yeah.
I want your opinion and see, I didn't tell them what you wanted to hear.
So there, blah, blah, blah.
No, don't tell them.
Yeah, too late.
Finally, instead of having 0560,
pound 560, call up Dr. Laura.
She'll bit you out.
Here's my me B.
Hello.
Hey, breaking the story.
Yes, sir.
Photo to French Canadians is just in spot at all for all I'm doing.
We need to get Mayor Pingo on notice.
Oh, here's a mobile in the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I think the format for your show should be just like sports and baseball.
Three douchebag calls and you quit them.
Three douchebags in your out, yeah.
Good point, excellent.
And then you can go back to it.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
We'd have been back to you in no call form at by 1030.
That's it.
It'd be just three calls every day.
Good point, excellent.
Then you know that's the last time you got to deal with these idiots
and wash your got to put up with them.
Okay, thanks.
Have a good idea.
Three douchebags in your out.
Oh, not bad.
And I apologize for sitting down here every day, expecting people out there who are listening
to have anything to say about anything in the world that makes any sense.
You might be interested in your entertaining or amusing or you know be able to have a little verbal intercourse.
I apologize for my unreal expectations, yeah.
Here's the mobile in Haya Lea.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
Man, you've got a lot of stupid colors, man.
I just want to say that you got me on the your last day there when I think it was Thursday and you say,
oh, all right, the last 10 minutes should be one of the lines.
I fell for it.
When is it?
I wouldn't say, but thank God we can talk to you again.
No, you've got some real losers today.
Yeah, let's keep it up Neil.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You said, thank God we can talk to you again.
Yeah.
And what do you want to call me about?
I just wanted to tell you how you look at me with that line of thinking.
You said, thank God we can talk to you again so you can say what?
You know, I just told you, I just wanted to say, you're flustered, man.
What are you doing to me?
Have a great day, pal.
Happy New Year.
You should be better.
I flustered him.
I mean, I asked him, well, what did you want to talk to me about?
And he said, yeah.
Okay, that don't make him a bad guy, but he just, that's what he wanted to talk about.
Yeah.
What did you want to say about?
Yeah.
He wanted to say, yeah.
This is special.
This is one of the most important shows I've ever done in my life.
I mean, this has been just phenomenal.
What a fly opener.
This has been.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line that out of town line, man, it is smoking.
Is it smoking?
No.
No, not to tell a breaker call.
She said, nothing to smoke in.
877-785-634, it wasn't she uplifting there, huh?
Say hi, my marquee.
Mikey, he likes it.
Whatever the hell she was telling me to say.
Which by the way, they had a thing on which she was at A&E.
And he's got great stuff on.
They had a thing about the best commercials in the last millennium.
Yeah.
The Alcasselzer one.
And you know something?
I had even forgotten something to grade Alcasselzer one, like the spicy, spicy meatball.
And I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
And of course, we all know, especially today, we know, plot plot, fizz fizz.
Mostly just a plot plot part today.
Thanks, Peter.
You saw it about bitch.
But, yeah, that was pretty good.
Now, what was number one?
I don't agree with that.
It was the one that was shown only one time in the Super Bowl.
It was for the, for some internet thing.
What the hell was it from?
Four?
I didn't see it.
And I was at the one with the chick running in the hammer.
And the, is that the one?
No.
It was with all the space people there.
They only showed it once during a Super Bowl.
The chick running with a hammer.
That's a different software, Microsoft, or something like that.
I'm going to blame you.
It goes to Shoei that I'm right that it wasn't because it was so great.
We remember what the goddamn product was.
That was during the Super Bowl and everywhere to see it.
Exactly.
Good point, Mr. Non-Sports.
125 and 560 WQM.
Happy New Year from...
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to...
Hey, look over.
Weekday afternoons at two.
Sports Radio 560.
Q-A-M.
We know all about your evil eyes.
And the big black jobs between your thigh.
Roy.
Be yourself a full flag of our lives and skews.
And the general manager turns the other cheek.
Even through eyes don't, too, I, I, I, with fear.
Even through eyes don't say your name, too, I, with fear.
You pop out the Pope eyes of your eyes.
Welcome.
So no one gets in the way of your evil eyes.
You must be confused what black family is.
Where's our personality of all between your knees?
People through eyes don't, too, I, with a bow, with fear.
People through eyes don't, too, I, with fear.
Hey!
You have already checked it out, you've had it.
I don't know, they need it, send them money back.
On the day when your goodbye, there was a heart.
Now let the door hit you off the way out.
Even through eyes don't, too, I, with fear.
We've all had my, with a bow, with a bow, with fear.
People through eyes don't, too, I, with fear.
130 and 560, W2M, I think we'll make it today, although there were some moments earlier.
I had my doubts.
560, 705, 60, and you know, Georgian, that we're just talking about the chronics.
We've had, we've had at least two, maybe all three, of that little circle jerk group
a little Julio's out there.
They use the show as their personal play toy every day.
We've had at least two of those.
We had the guy with the eyes.
We had, we had, we had Dave the cop, which I didn't even bother putting on a year.
I mean, if that's what you want as a show, like the sports shows, especially that morning show.
Oh, here's Dave, the JetSpent.
Here's the Billy, the JetSpent.
Here's, you know, I see I'm not interested in that.
Let him run a room in the holiday in to do that.
That's, that's what he's not a radio show, where he talked to the same chronics every single god damn day.
If you find that entertaining, I'm sure that those of you who taped the show, in fact, maybe we'll just do that.
We'll go back to the archives and we'll tape a bunch of the chronics calling in and put those on a tape.
And we'll sell those tapes.
As opposed to putting your life on the air, which I don't think we want to do.
Do we want to do that?
No.
No.
Here's the mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neha, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just want to say I know much about surveys.
I just want to hear some surveys.
I think, you know, I'm much of that dude who loves listening to you.
I think you're, I know how much he's going to hate talking about yourself.
I think you're great.
Get rid of the cause because I'm doing listening to you.
And most important things you do talk about.
From what I go to school, once a year, I even listen to you on the internet.
That's how good you are.
Oh, give me the call.
I think get rid of the callers.
Let me hear your wonderful input.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thanks for the suction.
Okay, well, there's a good suck up call because Lisa is saying something as opposed to,
Hi, you're so wonderful.
You're so wonderful.
Hi, you're just so wonderful.
Oh, you're just so wonderful.
Oh, you're wonderful.
You know, so Lisa, you guys got an opinion on something.
I don't mind that.
But just to play pure shameless suck up calls are terminal.
Here's a hi-lia.
Hello.
Mariko.
No, there you go.
Add that to your list.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
You know, even though I never call, this is my first time I'm so nervous.
No, please.
However, why would you be nervous?
I don't know.
What if my friends are listening?
Well, they're not.
They're not.
Now, but let me tell you, me and my buddies here at the bank, we like listening to you.
We love listening to you.
I'm the only, confessing female though.
But I love it when you're ranting, Ray, but I love it when you make fun of the colors.
Don't cut the colors.
I don't like just hearing a bit.
I know that's important for you to hear.
And it isn't important.
I'm listening to it for your opinions.
Now, but I love it when you're in a bad mood.
I love it when you're yell at the call.
I love it when I'm in a bad mood.
Well, that's great.
That's fantastic.
Maybe I'll give you the adreshing and bring some petunias for my funeral too.
Okay, it's not good for your health, but you're okay, Will.
Yes.
So, is there anything?
Well, that's nearly.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Yes, sir.
It is.
I've been calling.
I've been listening for a long time since you were with the bird.
Yeah.
And I really enjoy the show, obviously.
I've never called before.
I just wanted to tell you, Happy New Year.
I had a great time on South Beach this weekend.
At midnight, we were right on the edge of the water.
Everybody was jumping, pulling off their clothes and jumping in the water.
And you could see them right.
You could see them siloed in the fireworks reflection in the water.
It was a phenomenal image.
If I get my pictures back and they come out, I'll send you something on the email.
But we had a great time.
I just wanted to say sometimes, you know, you put down Miami.
But it's a great place, especially when you get on a boat and get away from it.
Now, when you get on a plane and get away from it, it's even better.
That's what I always say.
Yeah.
Well, I also just wanted to say, I love when you, in a very timely way,
cut people off on the phone.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560 on the empty world is lining.
Here's the calling for Myers. Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Hi, Happy New Year to you.
Happy New Year, man.
Happy fake millennium, whatever.
Uh-huh.
Hey, I'm just tuning in right now.
I don't know if you talked about this, but you think I know you've been asking for a topic or whatever.
I have.
Has it been, well, you said you were, you were, you were something, earlier before you were saying,
calling, talking about something, so whatever.
Right, right.
Somebody was something to say, right?
Right.
Have you, I mean computers, by the way, was that spot we were talking about, but anyway, go ahead.
Okay.
I don't know if you talked about this yet, but have you talked about the fact that, um, no.
Charles Schultz is retiring.
No, why would I talk about that?
Okay.
I mean, it's just, I mean, the man, but I mean, what is there to say?
Okay.
If, uh, you're, you know, I would say I put him in a, in kind of a room with like Henry Porter, somebody like that.
I mean, I just, I just wonder if more like, more like Einstein, I would say something like that.
I mean, I don't know, but, I mean, nonetheless, I just wouldn't show one trying to make a big issue out of it.
I was looking for a kind of a topic, and you know, I don't want to be pondering.
But what would you say about him?
Well, I mean, I'm only 24.
Right.
I mean, I, I enjoyed the cartoon.
I was kind of sad.
I was kind of sad.
A lot of people miss it because it'll like take it away.
They're security blanket, you know.
Well, but not mine, but I mean, you don't take it personal.
I'm just a, I just, I just, I just have a line as Pauling, that would have been good.
Hey, this line is Pauling, and he's in the same category.
I would say with Charles Schultz.
He's probably better than a good person to follow.
Yes.
Okay, I like to kick that footballer point of thing using his ass.
Carter, right, and then he's like, okay, go ahead.
Yeah.
Let's talk about peanut sounds.
No.
Okay.
Sorry.
That's what we ought to do from now.
Well, let the colors, at the beginning of the show, for 10 minutes of the day, what's the colors called it with topics?
What did that have an idea?
No.
No, just a thought.
Here's Boka. Hello.
May Snoopy rest in peace, Neil.
Right.
Hey, I hope that New Year treated you well over the weekend.
Yeah, so just fine.
I've got a question for you. I'm not originally from this area.
So you can enlighten me a little bit.
Me either.
Okay.
I want to make sure everybody knows that.
You've been around here longer than I have. Let me put it down.
The boat road of Haitians. The 400 Haitians.
Yeah, so I was going to talk about that today, but I guess I was going to save it for tomorrow.
Probably we can talk about it now since it's almost as interesting as trail shorts.
Maybe you could explain the inconsistencies because I really don't understand it.
While they're too dark, you know, they're too damn dark.
And they don't sell those baseballs the way that they used to.
You know, that's why they're hitting all these home runs.
Okay, we got we got we want to send them back to make the baseballs.
Right.
Not because they can throw them.
That's correct.
So what did we do?
I got news for it.
I think it's throw baseball 96 miles an hour. They would have stayed here.
That's right.
Apparently so.
I mean, that if Joe Kubas could have signed him up and given him each a cell phone and arranged to pick him up a little bit.
They don't know.
They don't know.
They don't look good in Yankee pen stripes.
That could be it.
But they'll do it.
He's pretty dark and he don't look too bad.
I'm just curious what it looks like with the May.
I don't know what the policy is.
I prefer to talk about it myself.
It seems that some Cubans, not the stereotype.
Well, it's a phone.
It's a phone.
It's a phone.
A phoney baloney hypocritical thing to pass you know what it's all about.
It's all about politics.
Haitians don't have any political constituency down here.
And plus they threw too much garbage under law.
You know.
I know, but what is the rule?
The rule is the Cuban Adjustment Act.
That's the problem.
It's a stupid law that we made that says that if you're from Cuba and you can put your toe on it, you know, it's the in and outlaw.
If it toe is on, you're in and if it's out, you're out.
Okay, so if you're from Cuba and you make it a sure you...
You got it.
But if you're a six-year-old and you didn't make it a sure, you can still say.
Well, if enough people make a big think about it.
I see.
And if you're Haitian, you're out.
Well, Haitians are in a so-and-based ball.
And that's a baseball expression.
You're out.
And so when they get here, they say, you're out.
And there are also some Chinese and other people on that boat too.
And they said, we got enough, Chinks here already.
Goodbye.
Hey, it's pure plain bigotry.
It's institutionalized bigotry is what it is.
Okay.
I didn't know if I was missing something.
But you got to admit that Haitians do put a lot of garbage out on the lawn.
You know, if they'd start keeping a house a little better, we might let some more in.
Well, you're on the right now.
Have a good day.
Have a great day.
Am I right?
If they would just tidy up a little bit?
And they have a democracy.
We have diplomatic relations with them.
Oh, stop.
They got a democracy.
Are you all pleased?
Oh!
What am I making that up?
They got a democracy.
You should live in such a democracy, Mr. Man.
Didn't we go to war to make it, uh, get it back to him?
It's beautiful.
It's lovely.
It's lovely.
That's why they're hurt.
That's why they're promising hearings, by the way, the people that they're taking about.
Just in case there might be political ramifications about everything.
You're not there because you don't want to know, right?
Exactly.
They're telling them what they want to hear because they'll, you know, and then just be a good boy and go back where you belong.
Yeah, that's right.
Baby doc and papa doc and papa got this new criminal.
Whatever criminal we put in place, like the shot of Iran, he was a good guy.
That's why we'll end up with the guy.
That's right.
Yeah, that's right.
He's our buddy.
He won't steal anymore.
I'll tell you that.
21, but you don't see Iran up there with all those cars, do you?
No.
Should drive to work?
No, Iran.
21 before 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
Sports radio.
5.60.
QA.
One million pounds for Neil Rogers.
He's in the hyzer.
Coming soon from one star picture.
Combining the highest-grinthic of ever Titanic.
And one of America's greatest stories, Moby Dick.
Tommy Lee, stars in Titanic Dick.
Have I ever seen a white whale?
No, but I just saw this guy out on a boat with his girlfriend.
You should have seen that size of his swan.
It's me, too.
As the boat sinks, Captain A. have tried desperately to videotape Titanic Dick in action.
Moving closer.
By Zoomland only goes for five.
Why don't you just walk up to the front of the boat and peg like faster?
Titanic Dick.
One another protection of the First Amendment.
Five video apathy.
You sure this is legal?
Playing now in BCRs across America.
Oh, you know what I forgot to say?
Can beat that gator meat.
Want a bet?
18 before 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
5.607.05.60.
We're returning with our great phone calls today.
Oh, it was spectacular, man.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Happy New Year and a healthy one.
And you're the same to you, sir.
And you're the same.
Thank you.
A couple of things.
First of all, you mentioned before kind of still my son.
The commercial we were talking about was the 1984 Super Bowl when Apple introduced the Macintosh.
Right.
I don't remember it.
In fact, when I showed it, did you see that show?
I did not, but I have that commercial and videotape from one of the Clio Awards that was on about 10 or 12 years ago.
Because they showed all the spots that were that they voted for.
And they showed about the first 20 seconds of it, and I showed it off and went to whatever else I was watching.
Well, this was like a big brother motif.
Everybody's looking at a screen and a dumb guy.
Right.
And anyway, it's why I turned it off.
Meanwhile, something that might give you a little chuckle.
I was driving around this weekend, and you've mentioned several times about when you see somebody driving,
and they have the little fish on the back of the car.
Right.
So I'm driving along, and I see somebody with a fish on the back of the car.
And I'm getting closer because they're driving very poorly.
And as I get closer, I see something written in there, and it says Darwin.
Right.
And then at the bottom of the little fish, there's little feet.
So I thought that was great.
It was like a real knock on the whole thing.
Yeah, I wish we had more, though.
That was amazing.
My favorite is the one that's shaped like a blank mass.
You know, it's round.
And if you look real close, it says Gafilta in the middle.
I think they're going to see that.
Whether or without the jelly.
With that tray.
You've got to wash it off.
It's disgusting.
It's not the hardest.
It is.
You're right.
But a little horse radish.
The horse radish is great.
Okay, well look, go slice your dogs head and have a great thing.
Thanks Neil.
It sounded like a German shepherd.
I don't want to, you know, sound like a...
Yeah, that would be a great...
Wouldn't that be a great show?
Have your dog bark, and I'll tell you what kind of dog it is.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Yeah!
Now we're talking.
We'll come up with some great format to kind of like break up the mononial of this guy,
the Emboring-Eyes Town.
Yeah, put your animal on the phone, make a little gutterable sound,
and I'll tell you what it is.
Okay, put your pussy on the phone.
Here's a mobile and a fort waterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I just got that here last week from Cleveland, on my way home.
Yes sir.
So far the sun set, and all has been able to find me with the newspaper.
What's the gist of the article you're talking about?
A Bill Pulse.
What's the...
Oh no, it just...
It was about the dolphins.
It had a picture of a frustrated Dan Marino on the front, you know, when they got their ass kicked by Washington.
Oh yeah.
And back into the playoffs.
And it said looking for a pulse, meaning the dolphins.
Even though they're in the playoffs, of course, they back in and they're like close to death.
Well, but it was perfect for the whole town, I thought.
They did better than my team back in Cleveland anyway.
I thought it might be a more serious article about something meaningful.
So I guess I could pass on something exactly.
You didn't miss the thing, as usual.
All right, well, it could be down, air good, listen to you.
There's nothing like you back home, so...
And have a great day.
Okay, thanks.
See you.
Well, nothing like that Cleveland plane dealer, man.
Is there anything like it?
Uh-huh.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in four Myers again.
Hello.
My nigga Neal.
Yes, sir.
And I'm the first one to call you nigga the whole year, huh?
Then the new one right here.
Yeah, the first nigga call her...
How much water, man?
I'm becoming a nigga either.
All right.
Hey, well, you know, how it's going to be easy for Rush Limbaugh to get calls and it's like hard for you?
I don't know if that's...
How easy it is to what?
For them guys to get good calls and like for you.
And that shows the...
Well, what guys?
Rush Limbaugh and Gordon Lidio...
First of all, first of all, Rush Limbaugh hardly takes any calls.
And number two, they're all very heavily screened.
And 99% of the people are calling in to suck up and agree with his right-wing extremist views.
In addition, which he's on about 300 videos stations.
And you know what?
I mean, I was watching NBC the other day.
And this is just someone...
Not really interesting, but they're in Pakistan and they're at CNN or NBC was like, uh...
Yeah, most of the computers have made this country and they were talking about everything and had a big happy New Year sign.
And if he knows she's like,
Yeah, and they have the highest literacy rate, 90%.
So I'm thinking like, can these bastards even read the sign that they have up there?
Yeah, okay.
You were right.
I'm gonna say it wasn't gonna be very interesting in you right.
Oh, yeah, plus I...
You see these cars that have a sign on it right now they say this car is detected by Jesus Christ's securities.
Oh, have a rate day, pal.
Okay.
I'll pray for you.
Bye-bye.
Woo!
Yeah, the moment we got the armor getting them, we got fish and that, we got our guns.
We're going in the hills and my bribon, this is gonna happen and that's gonna happen in the rapture and Jesus coming back.
Anybody see Jesus over the weekend?
Oh.
No.
So I'll see you guys with sandals on, but nobody named Jesus.
Like I keep trying to explain to you folks, okay, this is all a bunch of man-made crap and I'll tell you right now all your kids out there.
If you're listening, most of the kids are back in school, but the ones who aren't.
The ones that are playing hooky today because they enjoy being off.
Get close to nature, kids.
Nature's where it's at.
That's the one word that I'll give you.
Nature, that's what man needs to understand, is nature.
All the rest is man-made bullcrap, bullshmit.
Nature, oh that's a dirty word.
Next we'll be talking about like, oh and by the way Charles Darwin was on that list of the top 100 most influential people.
There you go, nice going, Charlie.
Oh!
Here's a mobile in Davie, hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
I wanted to get asked you opinion about the Rack-the-Vorac trait.
The verdict is out.
What's that?
I said the verdict is still out.
I have much feelings about it.
He looked great and he skated fast, but he never finished.
He didn't score a lot of goals and you got to trade kids, you know, maybe he wasn't going to get any better.
You got to trade him while he's still worth getting the verdict is out because we don't know if Vernon's going to be any good or not.
Well how about at the end of the year with the new expansion team?
Right.
Which goal do we protect?
Well, first of all, all the pants, I mean, Vernon's 36 years old.
So, do you think they're going to trade him?
I have no idea whether they're just going to leave him unprotected.
You have to have one goalie not to protect for the draft, and if he doesn't play all that greater, if it turns out he's not going to play that much longer, he might be the guy you don't protect.
Oh, the knowledge.
And now at least they got three guys.
They got the kids, you know, the teacher, and they got kid when he comes back, and then they got four boys, and they got still like him.
Which he's a forgotten man right now.
Right.
Okay, Neil, thanks a lot.
Okay, have a great day.
Still like him.
I think he's going back to Siberia, right?
Yeah, he just kind of disappointed.
Stinky.
56705, that's kind of how he played.
56705, 505, 505, 505, 505.
So what's the verdict for tomorrow?
You want those calls tomorrow or what?
Uh-huh.
Where's Palm Beach? Hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Great.
I didn't hear a shirt on for the day.
I'm just going to be about it.
Your phone is cutting in now.
What is it?
Bobby Bowden.
What about him?
I didn't hear you mention much about him today.
I mean, I'm not what I'm happy with today.
You need a muffler fight.
I don't do a sports show number one, and I do.
No, but I mean, this is you always say what's wrong with sports.
This guy seems to be the epitome of what's wrong with sports.
Meaning what?
Meaning what?
He's horrible, what?
Well, he's got players breaking whatever their rules are.
And so all the rest of the sir call up the sports in the red shows and see if they want
to talk about some redneck like Bobby Bowden.
I have no interest in Bobby Bowden.
Although his son, Terry Bowden, is even a bigger redneck than he is.
And I say it's the number one redneck in the universe.
He was on a telecast on the Orange Bowl telecast, 30 night.
I thought I was going to just Yahoo myself to death there right at half time.
Yeah.
I thought he was going to lay like a big chicken egg right there on the chair.
I thought he was going to blacken that stool before the end of the half time show.
And then thank God Tom Brady came back out there with me.
Oh, man, I bet your man is squeezing himself right now.
Yeah.
He's squeezing it.
Can you imagine your old man, dog?
And he must have been psychotic over the fact that he had to be up there in Washington
to do that stupid dolphin meaningless game yesterday.
Well, he could have been down here watching the Michigan with a phenomenal, unbelievable victory
against the Carol Alabama whoever the hell it was watching Tommy Brady pull it out.
He has a stud.
I'd like to watch him pull it out.
And I don't even necessarily put it back in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
This guy haircut Tommy, that's all I asked.
Maybe Mendes can find out how to get a nice barber, okay?
He's played his last game at Michigan.
Find him a good barber and you know, dress him up there a little bit, man, dog.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes!
150, 10 till 2 at 5, 60, WQ, Mateen's like only 60, 70 hours ago George and I sat down here
this morning to do this show.
What did he parter from the last three weeks?
You know what I mean?
Oh, man.
It's enough to knock the Schmidt out of you.
And I think it did.
Either that or Peter Leonard or both.
Maybe it was a combination.
Wake up with the first key.
Your road to Jeff DeParis and Steve Goldstein.
We need to be morning to 6.
Only on sports radio, 5, 60, QA and...
They play like men and they look like women.
Dog's big dog's so no need those private collars.
Dog's big dog's so no.
The same as sportsmen of athletes that always call you on the phone.
Wanna hear their voice on the radio?
Dog's big dog.
They contribute nothing to the show.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
We've already heard it all.
Thank God you've got animals to do with you without the call.
Dog's big dog.
Let them go find something else to do.
No more chronic, coolers like the guy with the eye.
No more bees in your two.
And that is gone.
Thanks to you.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
Dog's big dog.
One more candy.
Now you want to touch back?
Yes, back.
I call someone to smash.
Dog's big dog.
In their place, the back machine will do.
Okay, 154, 5, 60, W-2.
I'm the pain is almost over, baby.
A couple of facts is including one from John and Linda who got for Christmas.
this uh... whoever wrote this one is just a given twenty thousand dollars part
of an early inheritance i'd like that
i'd go into an island by the way we like you a lot
i just thought i'd mention that
also here's one from joe who says kill the call that's what you said kill the
calls they kill the show that's what you know says
that's his humble opinion
here's a mobile in sunrise hello
uh... one joe i uh... i think he'd call
you know i'll give you a couple reasons why
one i've moved on here about uh... four months ago or so
and uh... move from uh... chicago they call the city that works
i come down here and i tell you what i've never seen so many pitiful people
this is the city that doesn't work
it does not work right i i cannot believe some of the things that go on around
here uh... as far as just just a simple simple uh... point
dry cleaner
to creases on your pants
and back
get them done right
simple simple little things right basic little things like like showing up
for an appointment like my long-time was supposed to put in my uh... flower
stuff weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks ago and just uh... you know is in
limbo summer or my bug band is just vanished from the face of the air
that's business that's part of the course down here
let me guess that it was because it because of the uh... the weather in the
rain no i was because they just vanished i mean i don't even know why it's
because forget about getting a reason they just uh... are in limbo somewhere
yeah
the other issue is that i've noticed that the uh... school system down here is
simply fantastic
they've got about what thirty six to forty kids enough let's say kindergarten
class
yeah and i'm in a portapoddy right
and a portapoddy
and uh... so you know you know my wife and i have to look for an alternative
uh... solution but we're looking at five six thousand dollars
for a caretaker
yes you know what he cares about those things there's never any discussion of
a meaningful discussion about public education
there are a lot of arguments about building more stadiums and more reenails and
work crap and more nonsense
nobody cares about these things
this is not a real place
and they know for and i've been saying that here for twenty four years and
people think that i have a crappy attitude or a bad guy
i mean this is just the rea the way it really is here
well i got to tell you some i appreciate your uh... your your your show and
to reaffirm some of the things that i believe in i believe you take the
call is still okay
thanks much thanks
okay there's a guy from cc congress is take the calls but this place blows is
what he said
and i think i'd like to know whether and we got nice weather and most of the
time it's pretty nice weather
here's vocal hello
and
okay i just like that came down here from on the jersey and uh...
like a show and i came down here uh... to the fish concert in uh...
indian reservation right
uh... someone who is in the right now i'd like to say that uh...
it was really well-run and i think that's did a far to oak a to be with the
first chance of it
made a really big mistake because
what the uh... concert brought
the state of far to and to the indian reservation has
tremendous unemployment usually
which is tremendous you know they made about five hundred thousand dollars
really no problems ever some traffic on the unfortunate
several of the situation containers left behind but
uh... it's funny because everyone needs to put them if you like his
two expensive but
all those people agree with you with uh...
peace of the sandals and darlin
nature and all those things even though i'm not so much that guy but the
state of far to the really great job and
i don't even think that i've stayed realize that you know eighty thousand
people
came to their state for the show
and for a band of virtually no one knows yet glory epiphon the bg
don't even sell out the arena right down to my amy
and just a one six grand ticket
yeah it's just a wonderful time and uh... just a great time and
last but we've i think the new arena they like to say that i heard about my
amy
is a big job because i heard a few years ago
that they had built that other arena about ten years ago and it's
supposed to improve the downtown area around the arena is lovely isn't that
having a single beautiful new shops in the house if it is down yet
yeah i mean just like in Cleveland you know when they built their new stadium
i think it's a great yet they take all the money away from the schools because
they don't get a tax on any more self-eubatement
and things happen with these crappy stadiums that go up you know for the
sports teams that don't even set out their current stadiums i think it's
really not just like the state i okay i'll see you i'll see you in the
everglades amy's week and the everglades are all right
by by
there's a guy had a good time at the fish concert
out of the fish food concert
here and nobody got killed in the mug the way to like that a good time was
had by all his homestead hello
