This is Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale and WQAM.com for the world.
Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show to talk to Neil
called 560-0560 toll free for date and Brad or pound 560 on your cell phone.
With millions of Neil his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the beastly broads.
Now Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Oh my god.
Now the new iMac has built in video editing.
Mom what's this big file labeled all for?
Don't open that one Billy that's not for you.
Oh my god I feel so nice.
Oh my.
And who's that guy?
Close that file.
Close it.
New easy to use affordable video editing on the iMac.
Oh no what?
Just another reason why you should buy some good password protection software.
Billy I think I'm blind.
Password protection software.
It's a good investment.
Okay kind of one at 560 WQAM happy Tuesday to you.
So have you had it?
Have you had it or what?
Huh?
Special sections in both newspapers, hours and hours and hours of coverage it goes on and
on.
My hat's off to Tim Robbie by the way.
I had a radio accident this morning.
I didn't get my CD and the thing fast enough and I was listening to the worst team.
Listen to the guys this morning and Tim Robbie calls in.
One of the few guys in his town with any balls to tell it like it is.
And evidently he had a call at home.
Miss quoting as usual.
This happens all the time.
Third hand information.
Miss quoting what they had said or maybe accurately quoting what they had said but they
just backed away from the who knows.
But at any rate so Tim Robbie comes on here and says well yeah you're right we didn't
get along with the with the ball with Wayne because when he changes the name of the stadium
there you know nobody in a Robbie family it was too happy with that.
In other words basically what he was saying about Wayne.
He's an asshole and then when it came to Jimmy not being there yesterday.
Tim Robbie with the one who had the balls to say yeah.
He basically he's an asshole.
Yeah that too.
I want to ask him about Danny and Jimmy's relationship.
There you go again Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
He was the one that had the balls on that show to say yeah it was strained to say the least
In other words like I've said they hated each other like boys nice going there Tim Robbie.
One of the few guys in this town would have balled to tell it like it is everybody in this town
got a dance around the edges and well they weren't very close and they had their conflict.
They hated each other like poison.
And where did you hear that who do you hear that from first?
Oh God.
That's right even on the non-sport show such as this.
Wait a minute let me get our poll results.
And thanks to the macaroni grill even though this isn't specifically for us but nevertheless.
For some good stuff some boat time pasta and chicken here this morning nice going boys love the macaroni grill.
And when we all ate there the other night we didn't have a shoe for it didn't get up there and do that old man river force which was very depressing.
But we still love you guys.
Poll question yesterday what show do you listen to in the afternoon?
Guess who wanted.
Hey stop it.
That's right not even close.
218 out of 497 votes the Humper 43.
28%.
How do you like that?
What seemed to me the morning guys I realized they're up against Howard but even if you took Howard out of the mix do they still do very well there?
No no compared to our audience not too great.
Not too much of a turnover that morning show but with Hank almost half our audience sticks around in the afternoon because.
Because they're stuck on us that was funny.
Other get second and see what we're in a delimit about this because we're trying to figure out what are we leaving out?
Somebody yesterday said magic one 0.7.
Okay so maybe they got a few old parts.
They want to hear the really bad bad selection of the same old oldies that they keep playing on their over and over again.
After that shockingly enough it was a.
Stupid talk Liz wild penis vagina vagina penis with 30 votes at 6% far short of Rick and suds 22% when we did the poll on the morning show.
Then they have you have 22% not too good Liz sweetheart penis.
Zeta had 22 that's 4% big head to 19 almost 4% power 96 had eight how do you like that who do we appreciate smegma head eight.
Coast had seven kids had seven why 100 at 6 and XDJ had none.
So where do all the Julios go that's the question out of those other there must be a lot of Julios and at least to go someplace else like maybe radio romance or radio on more or any place where you can roll your tongue.
They like rolling that tongue baby I'll tell you right now.
Our poll questions for tomorrow and of course this should be a no brainer but nevertheless you never know should marijuana be legalized.
Don't you think that we already know the outcome of that but you never know there might be some funny that is this audience it might be some real assholes out there.
Here's our first call on Tuesday in Fort Lauderdale hello.
Neil hi.
Yes sir.
Yes and that's what I'm calling about the sentinel editorial board reminds voters that it has made the following recommendations.
Here goes Neil.
We're going to go right in front of me.
The post county charter amendment to create the post of elected county mayor and Neil says no.
Okay thank you Neil.
Okay but the Sun Sentinel says.
The Sun Sentinel.
Yeah.
But we also know and you want to know one of the reasons that we say no one are the main reason.
Can Jenny can Jenny but even worse than can Jenny and a worse complex and a worse ball spot the number one contributor to the pro mayor the pro strong mayor referendum was Wayne high penga $50,000.
How do you like that we don't like that.
You want to know why he's doing that because it's a lot easier to get to one person than it is to hold a machine a bunch of people.
Absolutely.
He wants to put his own little pawn and there's own little dictator and we just say no to Wayne every single time just keep saying no all day.
Okay thanks.
And you're going to have a really poultry turnout because you know what's the point of having these primary state by state this is an anachronism it's outdated to dinosaur.
Have a day for a national primary all the states vote on the same day instead of all these ego trips between these stupid little states like no ham sure and Iowa and Delaware and all this other crap screw that.
If you want to do it the right way and also of course that cuts down on all this campaign spending that's what they keep talking about about being reformers cut down on all that crap.
You have to be a trillion here or be a control by a bunch of 20 years to be able to get the money to continue going from one state to another state in it's an endurance contest it's not a real a series of elections then endurance for con test.
So here we got a presidential primary today would go in bush any others is all window dressing on there unless we're going to vote for Alan keys that militant right way smarter sure why not.
But it's a joke it's it's a so we're going to have a real small turnout which you know on the one hand could be good if everybody goes out there and votes no on it one issue there.
Now let's see that's legislative just to clarify legislative question one proposed county charter this is in Brown only.
For post county charter amendment to create the post elected county mayor expand the county commission from seven of nine members and let commissioners from separate district the sun sent a says vote yes and like this very articulate right on the ball caller said no is the way you should vote on that no to the strong mayor no no to Wayne high single notice of the note of Ken Jenny no.
Because even though he's behind in the polls that they've taken so far if they do get this strong county mayor for Howard you know he's going to be an other way thrown his hat in the ring but is correct them all the rest of them to.
So if there's any chance that we should have a guy named fascist dictator let's in the blood before we have a chance.
So that means on county question one which expands the county commission from seven of nine members members and let commissioners from separate districts without adding a county mayor without the county mayor sun sent us as vote no we say vote yes yes.
Yeah.
Seeing one more good reason besides Wayne and Ken Jenny is affected the sun sent us as one thing you obviously ought to do the other.
Just like the thing with a guy named ballpark and just like the thing with casino gambling everything else that they recommend whatever they say do the opposite you'll be safe will all be safe.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello.
Any idea okay I am miss yesterday shows I have a log by the way do I have any.
Georgia's more concerned about food this morning and the show and I would agree with that but anyway.
I better want to know the way it's coming on anyways I am miss just a show and I was wondering whether you bought a gun or not.
What I whether I bought a gun or not yeah the poll would even Stephen we had a thousand forty six votes five hundred and forty three said yes I should buy one and five hundred and forty three said no and somebody called ask me yesterday and I said no.
I said that's for everybody to guess and me to know.
Good for you.
And that's the way to do it.
Absolutely.
You bet.
Neil lives for Neil.
Okay.
See if that's the way to do it so you know you can wonder you can think that you know and maybe you know and maybe you don't know how do you like that.
Anybody out there want to hear any more about Danny boy.
No.
Why wasn't Jimmy there.
No.
I mean that's the only things that's been going on in this town for months and months and months now and I salute the sun sent for one thing.
They squeeze twenty two pages mostly ads out of their special tribute to them.
We know where's the hero the way squeezed out of Paul three sixteen and far fewer ads.
So nice going there in the sun sentinel.
Twenty two pages with their special commemorative vision about Danny boy.
On and on and on I mean we love Danny he was great he was a wonderful guy never stole a freight train and it's said about so on he had those weird lips but that's it was a football player.
It's like a D D thing in his town dolphin disease.
I wonder if we have anybody in this audience who doesn't care about Henry no think so let's see right now five six seven oh five sixty.
It's got to be just me and George not I shouldn't say don't care but I mean I don't care anymore.
Can I put it a little more tactfully I don't give a shit anymore that's right that's how I feel see they all care there's not one person called on there about that.
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM beefingly read acquisition court.
I'm not a baby.
I'm not a baby.
I'm not a baby.
The way does this in me.
I'm not a baby.
I finally turned a day and I'm going to be glad.
All you want to do with me.
I'm not a baby but I'm really hot while we're pretty sure.
I'm not the cheer I used to be and there.
The schoolgirls dress way above my knees.
Oh my knees.
When you think of what should you do to me remember that I'm legal baby that's so crime.
I'm not a baby.
Deliciously different.
That's our poll question that they should marijuana be legalized yes or no.
We're not talking about medical marijuana.
We're just talking about it in general.
If somebody votes no one and I'm going to be really pissed off but anyway somebody probably will.
You'll see that's reason I'm doing it because I think you may be surprised that a lot of people out there are well brainwashed evil.
So anyway speaking of neo-roggers.com now what is it that Eric wants us to do a broadcast test click on the yellow box.
Yeah click on your yellow box and see if it works.
What do you mean see if it works?
If it works like you know call over here and say hey yeah it works or no it doesn't.
In other words you're not sure that they're going to be able to hear it well they want to know he wants to find out how many people we can actually accommodate per site.
Alicene so everybody click on your yellow box on neo-roggers.com go to our website neo-roggers.com click on a yellow box to listen and we'll see how many people we can accommodate because we need a big wide one and they bandwidth to.
To accommodate all the people if we're going to do this thing when a Marling is like tomorrow we won't be able to do it yet but like starting next week.
I think we have a Marling game on Monday tomorrow we got a Marlins exhibition again the Cardinals at the Marlins 1250 in the afternoon are you excited about that.
No you ready for it.
Can you handle it.
No.
Come on.
Here's a mobile in North Miami hello.
Hey know how you doing.
Yes sir.
I could care less about Dan Marino.
Really?
Yes.
What you knew was going to happen it just goes to show you where our priority set.
Uh huh.
You know the lead story on all of your local news was Dan Marino, Dan Marino, Dan Marino.
And the same people that were writing stories about it every goddamn day they write another story Dave Hyde and either Pope every one of these people it's like a series.
Well they're just regurgitating all over themselves.
And any any of the Pope says on the front page of the hero icons exit leaves us with a load of memories feeling a little older.
Do I feel older?
No.
I feel one day older than I felt yesterday.
In fact I feel the same.
They even narrowed it down to the fact that he gave an eight minute speech.
I mean who care?
Yeah.
And the meantime you got this guy Steven Alp who killed those two little girls.
Right.
They're going to fry his ass so they're going to give him a little shot.
Yeah.
He's got a job.
A little small article they buried the story and the middle of the newspaper in the meantime like you said we get.
Twenty pages of garbage.
Here we got an election today in the state of statewide election even though the presidential thing is kind of moved.
We got all these other issues on the ballots all over the state and we got Danny Bueno from page again.
Well I think that's because they want low voter turnout because of the fact that if you have low voter turnout.
It's easier to manipulate that and the chances of them pushing through this strong mayor crap right for Ken Jenny is going to work just say no.
Thank you.
Okay.
And back to you.
There's a guy who doesn't care about Dan where we know I mean it's not that he doesn't care about him.
He just don't want to hear about him.
You think line four might be screwed up tonight.
No it is.
And bluff says we can't disconnect you see one thing we're finding out I don't want to let anybody off the hook because it's still a responsibility in this God for second place.
One thing we're discovering is that a verb maybe half of the phone problems that we're having in the studio here on this show are a direct result of internal stuff going on inside this building and being connected to the other guy then phone system that they use on the sports.
The other 20 hours a day in the other room.
Which is of course as everybody knows like most of the equipment here in the business company a piece of crap crap yeah unadulterated crap swill smith you name it garbage so that lines that working what about line eight.
Oh so another is we got an extra special deal going on here today with a phone.
How do you like them apples huh and of course the new tell us which we have the instruments sitting in here but the tell us people at the phone company out there in San Jose or wherever they are.
They can't get the right software shipped in the well they're going to do this they're going to do that and so now Friday it looks like they'll be shipping it out.
Today is only March 14 remember we were going to have all of this in here on February 14 one month today we got it no no is the phone system working today no it all screwed up.
Yeah but the goodness is it a piece of crap yeah the good news is what the broadcast test seems to be going very well all right nice going Eric baby let's just say screw this place and do this your one the computer crystal still need a phone system we'll put our own
guide them phones in we'll get out of this place.
This God forsaken place where they can put a phone system in that works nice going there bees leads the want to be leads the want to be broadcasters.
And for last time I checked 12 and 360 just to that stock was taking a big wrap wow you could smell it I clicked that thing on there on the and by the way still love the road runner.
That thing is faster than sports court heater north I'll take it that right now faster and straighter and wilder just great instantaneous five six seven oh five 60 see what they should be celebrating yesterday is the biggest sports story in town is it about Dan Marino no no.
Chris Wells traded to the Rangers finally cut the umbilical cord.
It says in both newspapers the worst trade in the history of professional sports finally is ended.
That grotesque November nineteen nineteen ninety six trades two bars in Jason Wolley for the anxious Chris Wells not a bad guy he just couldn't play the goddamn game he couldn't skate he couldn't shoot he couldn't pass he couldn't do squat but he look good sitting in a suit and a stand and then he looked much better when the minor leagues at much reduced salary.
And now he's been traded to the Rangers for future considerations meaning that the Panthers will get a low round draft pick if he plays a certain number of games for the Rangers and if not they won't get nothing so basically they gave him away going bye bye Chris.
That's the big sports story right there.
What are you a punching they're still not working.
They're working on it though they're working on it.
They got it out right now and they're working out if that's what Donnie B said.
Donnie B wants to something to show him where it is and then he'll give it up and work on it.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hey me. I just wanted to uh yes sir.
I just wanted to reaffirm or much you know that I felt the same way about you thinking that Dan Marino had a lot of class but for other reasons.
And he's what he said yesterday that asked if he would coach any team they says I can't because those players.
That was a perfect example of what real classes they basically was saying I can't coach as a bunch of uncivilized barbaric criminal gangsters right.
Being completely honest as opposed to what we have with regard to everyone else in the sports.
Yeah they all got to tip to around the edges all got to do a little politically correct tap dance even the sports guys.
Imagine that somebody saying what they actually feel.
That's what makes this such a bush-league town is that you get into a real market and you get guys that write columns into paper or they get on the air and if somebody deserves to get the mass ripped.
I really do it here nobody dares to do that they just tip to around the tools because they want everybody to like them.
Just like Joe Rosin the depot this morning he wants everybody to like him you know the life doesn't work that way.
And second of all with regard to your phone system like in don'ts and our office we're having the same problem and it's taken us through to get any piece of equipment from anybody.
Yeah so maybe it's not your company maybe it's just the whole friggin industry.
Yeah that could be it it's only two and a half years and we're still working on it.
Have a great day pal.
You too by the luck.
The phone company sucked the everybody sucks Monica sucks everybody sucks right.
Yeah suck this five six seven oh five sixty.
But this is really good stuff.
Good breakfast and the like I told you off here the thing that really makes this the both Thai pasta with the chicken is the sun ride tomatoes.
Boy do I love sun ride tomato or is that better than those blow dried tomatoes.
Yeah.
See what I say everybody blows that's what I just get nobody just got to say it everybody blows sucks something like that.
I was lying for doing by the way.
I do like that sound though.
Dead it's got that usual wild and this is just very quiet sounds of silence.
What what's that I just just oh you're goose a little oh listen that that must be the guilty pot you just open up that real simple and sounding squeaky.
Yeah here's a lady in Miami hello.
There's a woman's a boat count yes yes ma'am okay what's that all about what's with this phone.
Can you hear me they must have the pot open again in the other room or something going there and beat the Donnie be over there with a baseball bat.
I hear you but the phone is just a piece of crap in here.
Yeah sounds like a 10 times right.
I like the way the Romans did it when they when the gladiator failed and when he did great you look like a king you know like Marino has lived.
But when he failed they hung him up on a cross and they killed his family.
And not that we have to do that but why should we glorify the guy you failed at the end I mean why shouldn't say he quit because of health and family he quit because he failed.
That's terrible that's sacrilegious.
But it's true.
He was all what do you want from the guy what do you mean he failed.
Well I mean I just I like to wait a while.
He was all in an infirm he was done he was the tank was empty.
Yeah you're right.
You're right.
Be nice to him for crying out loud he never beat the crap out of anybody that we know of.
Well he lived too well for what he did.
Okay well that's a good point.
I don't yes.
Okay thanks.
Okay then go smoke when it calm down a little bit.
Mel a lot of little sweetheart.
I'm saying I'm not looking for people to rip him I'm just saying there's anybody not care.
She's ripping him a big fat rectum okay but she had a point.
Five six so what the hell was that nothing is open in there.
So we have all kinds of new wrinkles today.
Yeah.
With the phone system being all screwed up just after we went through a couple days who when you get a false sense of security around here and you think that everything's working okay.
How about that Chris Wells being given away to the Ranger.
Here's the statistics on that still barred with 80 million goals and the says Jason Wolley with 20 trillion goals and assist for the sabers and here we got Chris Wells with.
No squat.
No bananas no goods.
141 games played since that trade seven two three goals 18 assists 25 points barred with 165 Wolley with 142 that's 307 points and here's Chris Wells 25 points.
And by the way we've seen any good today the trading deadline to treat us afternoon in the national hockey league seen the BM doing anything.
No anything going on.
No.
No.
No the big deal that we made the big transaction we got to rid of Chris Wells.
Boy oh boy Mr. PM is this the best you can do.
Uh huh.
Spokesman the spokesman is your phone on hard times.
I just don't get it for the thing that they can sit pat with this hand boy.
I wouldn't scratch your back of that hand 26 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Yeah.
What are you looking at me like that for?
Like what?
Didn't you get the message you said?
Yeah.
What part can you understand?
I just heard it here the first time.
Oh the bush part?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Cool.
Cool.
Hi, Long live.
I'll be an interviewer.
Thank you.
Long live.
Long live.
Great wait a moment.
Cool.
You've known the english or the iab you know what I mean.
for you good for us bad for you but at any rate how could I be so slow by the way
look at the number two contributor to the pro mayor referendum on a ballot and
Broward just keep saying no let that work he'd go through your head by the way no on
legislative question number one no no Steve Barard Wayne was number one with
$50,000 number two Steve Barard former auto nation CE how do you like that
huh you're starting to smell it can you smell it big pile I think simmering
smelly pile of smirking is smaller yeah so there's 80 grand right there just
between those two grave robbers all I can say is yeah something really stinks
is rotten in Denmark yeah any of the Pope says we feel a little bit older
day now that Danny boy has retired anybody out there feel older no we feel a
day old I feel great it doesn't it doesn't change my life a bit and I
listen to these assholes calling out on his right you know it's one thing to
pay tribute to somebody did a fine job but I listen to these people calling in
you would think you like to got to call me yesterday well what was the one
moment you remember that was like the most you know and I said I don't and he
was like Christwell I think I may have blown his brains out since that call I
think he's not with us anymore he was so depressed because that wasn't
sharing his morbid attitudes in fact I won 33 bucks at the track last night
I would have won a lot more but I was just sitting there with my finger up my nose
if I've reached a 12 to 1 shot there with the Northfield down here in the last
day and sat there just stirring off into space because I was so depressed about
Danny boy this phone thing today this is unacceptable the situation today
how's line seven doing is that one at least working and line eight
come you guys sit there work clearly
okay I don't know the phone they're gonna be smoking a lot of me on the air
yeah a lot of my post-mortem is very a lot of people are organized and I know
the first is you've got a lot of people so before you buy the stock just listen
there's okay this is their idea broadcasting you want to be easily okay
this is their concept of rock that's called your first time I have been in
talks with his time for like 150 years you know I'm talking about
all right hold that thought man you this is like a looney bend you got to have a
straight jacket to come in here work every day good got all mighty five six seven
oh five sixty give it a shot you never know what kind of sounds you're gonna
hear when you dial us up you might hear yeah or you might just hear one of
these it's a beautiful thing here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
no yes sir I'm not so sure if I can hear you anymore I think I'm deaf in my
left ear okay how's this that better that sounds a little better yeah you're
coming in much clearer now okay let me ask you do you feel any older today
I'm doing the order a day older than yesterday okay because then any
folks that we all feel older now that Danny returned now I'm a young
boss man I'm doing pretty good I can't go play great hey I just wanted to ask you
to get your gun yet no that's for everybody to guess and need to know okay I'm
gonna borrow it I'm driving down I'm driving down 44 street in
Latter Hill and this cop jumps out and and and points is radar I'm scared to
craft that I mean like I thought I'm gonna shot I put it this thing at your
point this thing right I mean yeah yeah I'm sorry I thought I was gonna die you'll
be pleased that they were on hiatus road again this morning between
Brown and sunrise Boulevard's doing their doing the only thing I guess that
plantation cops do anymore and that's it there are running speed traps wait
I'm not going fast for nothing he hides behind the bush like you can't even see him
and he jumps out you like you're gonna oh man I'm over scared me so bad yeah
so anyway I just thought that was kind of good I just wanted to say to that cop
were you for bacon okay okay too bad about those bad breaks you got to is what I
hear 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line see if I had any balls
at all I would just I just tossed this thing on here like this a lot of good
all day
I just read a lot of good articles and talk and
Yeah
I
I think we should just start doing to do the show in Morse code.
Huh?
That sounds like...
Yeah, Morse code like...
Something like that.
Sounds like a good idea.
By the way, speaking of the Guinea Book of Records, Mod Turin Code, Salvador, Sammy
Plata Distributed Drug ExpoCe, Gervano 55, Entertus Plei in Maricopa County Superior
Court by a satellite from that Madison Street jail where he's being held in $5 million bond.
Gervano's wife Deborah Sun Gerard, daughter-carried and son-in-law David Seabrook, as well as
the suspected ringleader Michael Papa, also pleaded innocent.
Their plea was, forget about it.
Gervano and 44 others were arrested last month following an investigation into a ring
that allegedly dominated the illegal sale of the designer drug in Arizona.
Remember that song Arizona by Mark Lindsay with a ponytail?
That was the first guy that I began to dislike with a ponytail.
All were charged as a 201-count indictment last week.
Gervano, a former hitman for the Gambino Mafia family, testified against the organization's
boss John Gotti, who was sentenced to life in prison in 1992 and he will not forget about
it.
Gervano served five years in prison.
Yeah, forget about it, okay?
Little ecstasy here, a little over there in Arizona.
They got to have something exciting out there.
That's what Mo Yu'd all used to say.
And I think he was from Utah, wasn't he?
Or was he from Arizona?
Remember Mo Yu'd all?
You don't remember Morris Udall?
Who once ran for president at least once or twice for a bunch of times and was really
boring and now he's dead?
Boy, where the hell have you been all your life?
I don't know, maybe a within a life then.
21 before 11 at the Pipsqueak at 560 WQM.
Oh man.
Yeah.
Apple can't keep a tucker in his pants.
Yes, he said you got away.
You can take your butt off.
It's a lot of fun for times to skate.
This is when I go away.
All right.
How it's all that I don't know.
Oh, but a long and huge crystal pillow.
Ain't nothing like a moist sound move.
This is the night away.
This is the best thing.
If a mother says it's great, guess this is the best thing.
This is the night away.
He's always.
That's why.
Why is it?
Why is it?
Why is it?
Watch the movie.
Move the TV.
Push the ground.
Yes, it's an isolated scene.
But that's a little bit faster than he is.
Oh, thanks.
You can't for right to sleep.
This is the night away.
I can't.
It's up to people to meet you like.
Who knows you may even find.
Very right to have you inside.
This is the night away.
Yes, this is the best thing.
Everybody's lubricated.
Yes, this is the best thing.
This is the night away.
He's always.
Where is it?
Why is it?
Why is it?
Watch the movie.
Welcome.
Hell, it's Dan.
There are two of them.
1046 and 560.
W.M.
We got Hank with his NCAA preview show at 2 of the Saturday.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
He's got a good night's show tonight.
Maybe I'll steal a pair.
Will I go see for her?
No.
Because too many drugs will be of consumers.
That would be bad.
That's what Jeff Cohen said.
He said he would like to go see all these consents.
But there's too many people stoned out of their mind.
And he absolutely won't participate in any of that.
Isn't that what he said?
No.
And when he was here last time,
that's what he told me.
I didn't say sh**.
You sure as hell did.
Right on the area.
You said it.
Ashole.
Anyway.
So there's another reason to go see George Saturday between
New and two, just despite Gary Sarner.
And by the way, let's point out again on another day when we got the phone system totally screwed up here.
Let's point out once again that this company that want to be lesan Greg Reed.
Give us when we go out of these appearances.
Absolutely nothing.
Now, I will say this that last desperate,
which was my last appearance ever, by the way, in Hollywood Seminole Gaming.
Now, known as whatever it is.
They did give me Miguel,
which was worth the price of admission.
But did they give us anything to give away?
No.
Is there like anything other than that spinning the wheel, that wheel thing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was it.
That's all we had.
That wheel.
They give us nothing.
Send people out.
And Gary Sarner doesn't care.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I just want to get the mentions.
Gary, you're a salesperson.
Like I'm a goddamn rocket scientist.
Okay.
Like Woody Graber is going to win a goddamn beauty pageant.
That's how much of a salesman you are, Gary Sarner.
You jackass.
You're just part of the goddamn QA and mafia.
You and screw in and all your other buddies.
Who the hell are you?
Can he?
Can anybody?
No.
Just write a contract, bring in a cash.
Give me a couple of mentions.
That's their idea.
Sellin' something to some unsuspecting schmuck out there.
That's expecting you to get something and return.
Like advertising.
Oh, advertising.
What's that?
So George will be a prime code this Saturday from noon to two.
And this time he had some reason to go see him.
He said he might even draw your pictures of some of the stuff he saw at the swing club last time.
Like that thing that was in Joe Castello's push.
Or did it hit him in the face, I think, with something like that.
He ducked.
Did he duck?
Rhymes with...
Well, fillin' the blankers some possibilities there.
Anyway, a new ad campaign by an animal rights group,
urging college students to replace their milk mustaches.
Now, new college students out there don't replace those milk mustaches.
With beer foam.
Has angry, anti-drunken driving activists in the dairy industry as well.
A Norfolk, Virginia-based people for the ethical treatment for animals,
PETA, plans to unveil its got-beer campaign on college campuses nationwide this week.
All right.
In time for those green beer St. Paddy's Day celebrations.
Is there any other reason to go to college besides drinking beer?
No.
I never knew that there was one.
We used to drink big half gallons of Maester Brawl in Michigan State.
That's what it was all about.
I ever go to class?
No.
But I had a hell of a good time.
Let me tell you the story about the time I puked all over the mattress.
Are what you did?
PETA says the dairy industry is cruel to cows and contents.
Milk isn't as healthy as beer because of its fat content.
A claims scoffed at by nutritionists as oversimplified.
We had to be playing Rick and Suz and beer is good for you.
You want to do that?
No.
No.
Look it up said.
In a letter Friday, mothers against drug driving as PETA deported the campaign.
They said, pull it.
Yank it.
And PETA said, no.
No way.
Bitch.
We're very concerned and applauded with it for the simple fact that underage drinking is the
number one drug problem among American youth said Teresa Hart, a spokesperson for the Irving
Texas based group.
The campaign also comes at a time of heightened concern about campus binge drinking.
If PETA's misguided purposes to announce the dairy industry, they certainly aren't advancing
their ball by advocating alcohol consumption by college students said David Botkins spoke
for a state attorney general Mark early in Virginia.
PETA said they'll proceed with the campaign anyway.
They said to you, college students are savvy said PETA's Bruce Friedrich.
Nobody's going to put beer on their Cheerios or get drunk and drive as a result of our campaign.
Are they?
No way Jose.
Susan Rulunda spoke for the dairy industry's got milk and milk mustache campaign called
PETA's parody ridiculous on so many levels.
It's kind of amusing she admitted though.
It's so ridiculous.
It's amusing, which I think is the idea.
Right.
Cows produce more and better milk if they're treated well.
So it wouldn't make economic sense for dairy farmers to mistreat the animals, she said.
Whatever it is, I mean, milk is bad for you.
Beer is good for you.
Not too much and don't drive.
But it's good for you and milk will kill you.
Yeah.
Most people have lactose intolerance and there is no animal on the face of the earth that drink some other animal's milk.
Anybody ever hear of that?
No.
It's just another guy named Kami Pinkle conspiracy to have you buy something just to squeeze the money out of your wallet.
Something that's really bad for you, especially for in college.
In addition to which when you're in college, they load the milk up with salt Peter.
I should remind you, like they did Michigan State.
Yeah, that they do.
They seriously do.
They load the milk up with salt Peter.
And you won't get any milk mustash that way.
Here's the mobile in homestead.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, who do you like in the Stanley Cup finals, of sure?
Who do I like in the finals?
Yeah.
Why are the playoffs going on yet?
No, but they like Toronto and the Panthers, right?
How can Toronto and the Panthers be in the finals?
Toronto and Detroit?
Are they in the same conference?
Yeah.
What conference are the Panthers, in sir?
Eastern.
Yeah, and what conference are the Toronto Maple Leafs in?
That's Canadian.
Okay.
5670560.
There's another hockey call.
Yeah.
Here it is.
Hockey experts.
They're in the Canadian conference.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
What I'm thinking about that is.
Thank you.
5670560.
I'm pretty sure that one's working today, isn't it?
Look at that.
8777856345.
What a sad, sad week.
Another week it's going to be just like this.
You watch.
You'll see.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, while the world is adjourned out to be a...
with the milk and the beer thing, I don't know about that.
I think I'm talking about...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I wanted it...
you just...
They have a birthday to me.
You wanted...
Why won't anybody else do it?
No.
Okay, there you go, sweetheart.
Here's sweetheart.
Can I tell you something else?
Yes.
I don't know.
You're probably...
You're probably not.
I'm not my boyfriend.
Is the go-right way from my...
Oh, her boyfriend.
Is the go-right way from my...
Oh, her boyfriend.
Is that guitar that 88-year-old guitar...?
She was right.
I'm doing a time-grain right now.
I got my finger up my nose all the way
where my brain used to be.
God.
567 we got 4800 open lines here this morning.
There's going to be another battle today, especially with a phone all screwed up.
But we're used to that.
567 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's my me B.
Chilo.
Danny don't go Danny.
There's a mobile indel-ray B.
Chilo.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I like to just reiterate something on that same as the Von A lot of course you just mentioned.
It said that John would like Sammy to be in the cell next to him.
That would be impossible because John is in federal prison.
Yeah.
Sammy is going to be arrested by the, is arrested by Arizona, the big prison.
Forget about it.
Yeah.
The most ill-served Sammy on this case is probably 12 years, which means he'll probably do about four.
Yeah.
So, I don't know what happened.
So forget about it.
Forget about it.
Yeah.
All right.
Very well said.
And have a great day.
Roger.
Forget about it.
Anybody seen Donnie Brasco?
Oh, it's pretty good.
I mean, how old is that movie?
How many years?
Three, four years?
Two years?
For what?
Donnie Brasco.
How long ago was that movie?
Three, four.
Three or four.
By the way, we got to find out the name of that very, very fine looking young man.
It was an American pie.
Which I forgot to mention on here that I finally did see an American pie.
And it was cute and then had its moment.
It was okay.
And the young man was in the head that they had his hair all screwed up in the movie.
But really looks very, very good.
And there was in the shower scene.
And he was the one that was the, what the hell did they call him in the movie?
Beside the pie.
But anyway, he's in some new movie.
He's a pretty boy.
Chris something.
Somebody will call it and tell us what his name is.
And they call him pretty boy, especially compared to the other punks they had in that movie.
They'll know who I'm talking about.
5'6'7, 05'60, 05'60, on the AT&T line.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
You see what he has.
You're a kind man.
You're a good father.
You're a good father.
You're a good father.
The following is a public service announcement from the Girl Scouts of America.
It's that time of year again when Girl Scouts across the land will be selling boxes of cookies.
The following is the proper way for Girl Scouts to do just that.
First, ring the doorbell of the house in question.
When someone answers it, show them your box.
Make sure that your box is clean and free of residue.
Then tell them that you're selling your box and see if they would like to buy it.
If they ask, go ahead and open your box.
Show them all the goodies inside.
And if they don't like your box, you can take the final approach and actually give them a taste from your box.
Mmm, they'll say.
You sure of a tasty cookie?
Remember that Girl Scouts, and good luck in selling your boxes.
It's 11.02.560 WQA.
I'll tell you one thing, boy.
Get a lot of response on the website.
No response on the phone.
I know what I'm saying.
So why don't we just move the whole goddamn thing to the internet?
Because the idea of doing a show on the phone anymore, it's history.
It's all over.
Coming soon.
Yeah.
Here's a fact that this is a couple of off-air questions.
Why can't we email you instead of factoring?
You can't email us because we don't have a computer.
You can email.
It just won't get it to the next day.
Right. Well, it won't be to rust direct.
That's what they're talking about.
I'm getting my own computer for in here because this company again is too cheap to get a goddamn computer for us.
Just like the phone system.
Keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep.
The faith, the beesleaves that want you to buy their stock.
The answer is no.
No, we don't want it.
Cheap back.
Cheap pricks.
Cheap wannabes.
Cheap pretenders.
Also, it's a Glen Hill was an important part of your show several years ago.
I'm surprised there's no written mention on your web page.
Will there be?
I don't know.
That's up to Eric.
That's up to Eric.
Maybe Eric was listening back in his day to days.
There are a lot of people out there who weren't listening in his day to days, right?
So maybe they don't remember who that was.
He says, love your show.
I'm an internet listener and Ford Lauderdale is AM sucks.
Love the fact I can listen to old shows any time of the day.
Thank you very much, Herb, in Ford Lauderdale.
One call on the board and that's it.
Pretty goddamn depressing here.
What's going on in these phones every day?
Got to fight the guy in company because the phone doesn't work.
Got to fight the audience because they got nothing to say.
The battle.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
1 call.
Here it is.
Mobile in Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi.
I love your show.
I'm a one time listener.
I call for last time.
I was 1992.
I had to go to the way it goes.
They call about once every eight years this audience.
Except the people we go on here from like that bitch that was the idiot's girlfriend.
I'll tell you about it.
And then they're making a big hype over this damn thing.
I mean, he was good this time.
I loved him in those early days.
He was a football player.
He was a football player.
He wasn't a president.
He wasn't a poker grind out.
He was a scientist who created a cure for cancer.
He was a football player.
Oh, I know.
I think the people who come out of the clouds, he could less attention nowadays.
That's correct.
Unless he could throw a ball 60 yards.
Yeah, I know that's right.
Only in Gonzalez.
I mean, here's all these people that are watching.
Don't say that again.
Don't say that again.
Oh, you're right.
That's bad word.
I'm not sure about that.
Anyway, I remember your phone keeps to light up all the time.
When I was a little bit more when you were on the UI.
Well, that was on a station that at first of all was a real radio station that had like real talk shows on all day.
Instead of sports crap.
And number two, we had a phone that worked 99% of the time.
Here I spend 95% of my time trying to fight out of the guy the phone is going to work or not.
Yeah, I can go.
I can go.
There's a horse ball operation and there's nothing you can say to these people.
And they say, oh, wouldn't you like to sign for another year?
No.
Well, let's you do the show and bang load extra a few days if you'll sign for another 10 years.
No, I keep telling them, are you people crazy or what?
Yeah, most of them are.
I say that I guess that's how come they survive on Miami.
What kind of an operation is this anyway?
And of course, yesterday, usually the scene around here, this show like I like always, this show counts for nothing.
In spite of the fact that we blow everybody else away on the station with ratings and with the all the other stuff bringing all this money in here, it means nothing.
The only thing they were concerned about, they were hyperventilating around here about Dandy's press conference.
That was the important stuff.
I know.
We were just an impediment.
We were just in the way.
Because we could have gone out and robbed the bank and everything else and nobody was coming.
Absolutely correct.
Yesterday was a great day to rob a bank.
You're right.
I tell you, but keep up to good work, me.
I love your show and keep on hopefully getting some of these things out to call you.
Okay, and have a great day.
God bless me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How are you doing, you?
I'm fine.
I don't know the kids last name, but I know he was in another movie that came on about last.
Chris something.
I know it's Chris something.
We haven't got the answer to this yet.
He was an artist writer.
They call them Oz in the movie, but we don't have the actor's name yet.
We don't have the actor's name.
Oz.
He played Oz in American Pie.
He was also in a one called election with the Matthew Brogher.
He was in a reaction.
I wish I had a scene there.
Yeah.
He plays one of the main.
You see him more in that movie because he's one of the lead characters in the movie.
Yeah.
Instead of this one, there's like four different kids.
You know what happened to the bird I caught and came in late yesterday.
Died.
Oaf.
Dead.
Oaf.
Yeah, I'm asked.
He had it for years and years.
Oh, wow.
When you were reminiscing with the previous day, I was thinking my favorite short, Zeta was when you had Johnny Depp on.
Yeah, mine too.
And the one that's one taste.
Yeah, the one at the house.
We did at the house.
Right.
When we had the KC was there.
Yeah.
And a bunch of ugly kids.
Yeah, I was great.
Well, listen, have a great day pal.
Yeah, see that's what we should be talking about our great old days of the past that a Danny boy.
He was a frickin football player.
Here I am.
I can't even get.
I can't buy a goddamn phone call 24 years in this town.
We get our 24th anniversary.
Was there one mentioned in any newspaper even even like a sentence in Josie Lamby?
Don't.
Don't.
Don't.
Tom Jicca.
Any of those people know 24 years on the year of enter trying desperately to entertain this goddamn town and to stimulate a little bit when it doubt stimulated out.
Not a not a word.
Chris Klein.
God bless you.
Chris and whoever called in with that information.
Chris Klein rhymes with fine.
He's fine with me.
I'll tell you that.
I mean, just another pretty face in the body and whatever else he's got there.
Chris Klein.
And he's got some new movie which is called something about head, I think.
And no, it is.
Just a minute.
It's called, well it begins with an H.
Don't you ever do that like you see something on TV?
And you can't catch the whole thing.
Is it hanging up?
I think that's the only one I see that's showing that begins with an H.
Hung.
It's called hung but it was hanging out.
A hung.
When it doubt hang it out.
Chris.
Before it's too late.
5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 50 on the 18 T wireless line.
Yeah, this town is some like I said yesterday.
They didn't deserve Danny Boyd.
They don't deserve me.
They don't deserve Pavel Burray.
You know what they deserve?
They deserve Ed Pope.
That's what they deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
They deserve.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Well I couldn't agree with you more about a lot of things.
I know that you've entertained this community a lot more over the years than Dan Moreno has.
What's the four years?
Even whether people are sports fans not sport fans.
They don't have to be in the one specific thing.
We'll come to you if you tell.
You know.
Go ahead.
I'm just being real serious here.
Yeah.
The amount of hours,
or hours a day for 20 something years.
I remember you,
I hate to say I'm to go back this far with you, but back on the days of the W.I.N.Z.
when it was serious talk radio in the evening.
Hi!
Yes, but anyway, the best, the current stuff, and all I got to say is you provided more
entertainment to more people for free.
Right, that's why nobody has to buy a guy that's taking that money.
Right.
Nobody has to worry about whether the show is blacked out or not.
You didn't have to spend $50 for a ticket to sit in a rain in the heat and the whatever
they had at the stadium.
Right.
Now, the point of the matter is, if something awful were to happen to you, they'd have a
big celebration for you too.
I'm sure of it, but it was a way over a blown thing.
Well, what do you think the whole happened?
It's something awful happened to Danny.
I missed that.
He was forced in a retirement due to old age and the fact that he ain't what he used
to be.
He was a great quarterback.
You and I both agree on that.
I think the day that I retired, they're going to have like special hours and hours on
television and special sections in the newspaper.
No.
Dude, I don't get it.
I don't understand a lot of things.
I don't understand Larry King doing what he's doing either.
I don't get a lot of this stuff.
Yeah.
But the point is, I just got to say to your listeners, the hell with you, that you have
provided the maximum amount of great entertainers over the longest period of time involved the
greatest number of people that did your active show.
Assholes like me get the call up and go blah, blah, blah.
So I think everybody owes you a lot.
People get on here with you and do their thing.
And you know, I said enough for a caller.
You said enough.
I said enough for this call.
I'll give you a second.
I'll give you a second.
Well, I don't know.
Him or Chris Klein, it's tough.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot.
Look at that.
And now we got back to see this is not going to work, boys and girls.
This is not going to work.
This is not my idea of doing a talk show in his town is going through this crap again.
Where we're through another phase.
Danny Boyd, we tired.
They had 75,000 hours of non stuff.
People assholes all standing to the same crap, ripping them, sucking up the same garbage.
This show can't buy a goddamn call when I'm going through this song of dance.
It's a tired old frickin' same old song of dance like the four top set.
You know what I'm talking about?
Thanks, Woody.
Get out of here.
Born to radio 560, Q-A-M.
This station stands for nothing.
This guy had a bomb.
And took a hit in Woody.
I act like Cheech and Chong.
And you're some munchies and make brownies still with hash.
And Woody shares it with Jesus and the saints.
The highest fire hits.
And yeah, yeah.
Hot is great.
And yeah, yeah.
Hot is good.
And yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What a God.
No cannabis.
No cannabis.
No cannabis.
No cannabis.
Give him high on the back of the box.
Just in the most of skinned songs.
On a greyhound bus to Rome.
To get some bad luck in homegrown.
I'm back to take home.
All right.
Most of the five Marley on the road.
No fun in heaven.
Let's your soul.
1116 at 560 WQM.
Our poll so far should marijuana be legalized.
Yes, 96.
No 12.
108 votes in the first hour.
Pretty heavy duty.
Well, that's why they're not calling.
They're all busy on the internet.
Under thing under PCs.
They're did along on it.
And they're smoking it.
And they're rolling it.
And they're picking a seed job.
And they're picking a speed.
Pick a seed out of the rectum also in between.
108 votes.
12 of them said no.
How do you like that?
I'm in sense about that.
In fact, I think we're going to burn some incense in here
just to as protest.
Yeah, let's burn some.
We got we got incense.
Let's start lighting some up.
Okay.
Just as a protest of those 12 people who said no,
that it shouldn't be legalized.
What a bunch of funny that the idiots.
I guarantee you right now speaking of milk.
Milk is worse for you than marijuana.
Milk causes hardening of the arteries.
Especially if you drink in like not skim milk,
but like regular milk with all that fat in there.
Heart attacks, strokes, obesity.
Lactose intolerance.
Lose oozzy stool.
Yeah.
Anybody ever get loose oozzy stool from smoking a joint?
No.
No way.
One call after this caller went out with a great suck job,
which I thought it was magnificent,
even if he didn't mean at all.
One call on the board.
We've just we reach the end of the line here boys and girls
that's been interesting.
I would say I would say it's been a lot of fun.
It's been a frustrating 24 years.
We reach the end of the line here today.
I think even line eight we had a call on there must be working again.
Yeah, all the lines seem to be working again.
So the problem isn't on the inside.
The problem's on the outside as usual.
Yeah, it used to be a war or just fighting the audience.
But now since I come to this station,
I fight management with a phone system that doesn't work
and the audience.
So I got a two pronged attack here.
I have to fight every day.
It's like when we were fighting in WDW2,
the jacks on a one side and the Nazis on the other side.
That's the war that I have to fight every goddamn day of my life.
Just to try to do a job for four hours.
On his horse ball, make believe radio station.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple of things.
One I just got done voting on the internet.
And then I jumped into my car and was going down Atlantic Boulevard
and saw a great billboard that says,
think I planted some stuff here for you to smoke.
Signed to God.
Yeah.
Sign Atlantic Avenue just east of power line.
Are you serious?
Yep.
This is a response to those stupid God billboards.
The other one.
Yes, it is.
I think I planted some stuff here for you to smoke.
Yeah.
Great.
That's all I got in the eye of a good day.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
How do you like that?
Even God smokes the good stuff.
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
Now what is that?
What?
What just happened there?
Since the 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th T line?
Here's four Myers.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Jax will just score to death.
Uh-huh.
And.
And.
And that's it.
That's the material.
Here's a mobile and putter gourd.
Hello.
Hi, Pondigorda.
How you doing?
Okay.
Are you on?
I'm on.
Are you on?
Okay.
Yes.
We're doing the election route out here.
Number one, two things.
Um, and please don't take offense at this.
I teach.
I'll be offended.
Don't be offended.
I teach football, basketball, baseball, over at St. Charles
Boramail in Port Showered here.
Yeah.
And perhaps one thing that you might want to work on.
I'm not recommending this to you.
Is maybe just tone down the language a little bit.
No.
Because I have some of my kids listen to your comments.
You want to do that?
No.
Okay.
The second thing.
No.
What does that mean?
Because you have some kids listening.
In other words, you're calling in here and telling me what I should say on the year.
No.
I'm just saying something.
You say I just a little bit of fences.
It's just a little bit of a kids.
Well, no.
This show isn't for kids.
It's for people who, you know, it's forever wants to listen.
Whoever's mature enough to listen.
Yeah.
What does this, for example, that I say that's offensive to your kids who listen?
Well, anything that begins with an A or selling a baseball?
Yeah.
How old are these kids?
Well, these kids are going into high school, you know, and they do hear you.
They're kids that are going into high school and they've never heard the word asshole before.
No.
They've never heard it.
They've heard it, but they just probably don't use it as bench, you know.
The kids don't say asshole.
Man, you might, you better call out from underneath and you appreciate what?
Yeah.
If they do it at our school, we have to, we have to call their parents, you know, and ask about their names.
Oh, my God.
You have what they're trying to, you're trying to go into the bubble.
They're trying to make a gargle with the drain hole or something, have they say asshole?
No.
We're just trying to keep them a little bit cleaner.
What the other question I had was, is there something, you know, is there something we can do about the,
the salary cap in the baseball league?
The salary cap?
Oh, brother.
Salary cap in the baseball league.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and this guy, he's got something to do with kids this guy.
Okay.
I call the investigators out right now.
Hey, your kids out there.
Anybody ever hear asshole?
No.
And if they know him, they sure as hell know the meaning of the word asshole.
They know this guy.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Welcome to the real world boys and girls.
Welcome to Florida.
Like I've always said, this show is the most accurate reflection you'll ever get of what this dates all about.
Right.
And he was one of the bad and he was serious.
That's the best part.
He was serious.
What an asshole.
He's an asshole.
That's what I just said.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I need to tone down the Marlins and maybe you sound pretty good at the fence of the game.
You know something on the static that we have a Marlin game at 1250 tomorrow.
We should have one today because we're going to be an hour and a half away from it.
This audience deserves the Marlin exhibition games.
It's right.
Neil has to go through here to get them to respond.
I got a.
James Rimmer.
Listen, I just remember Spireport from a week or so ago.
But.
But the Chris Well thing is killing me because it's just so quietly swept under the rug.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you were right.
It's not a word.
You're the only person that ever commented on here this morning.
I mentioned that in the beginning of the show.
Nobody's got anything to say about that.
Oh, when I read that in the paper today and I compared the day of Chris Welles from Mary Welles.
Oh my God.
But let me give you a quick.
From Wresley Welles.
You're going to love this Rimmer Spireport.
He the game that he has to end it.
I think it was the St. Louis game a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
Rimmer was in the audience about two rows behind the goalie sitting.
And he was in rare form because people kept coming up to him.
And he thought he was the obelberry or something.
Oh yeah.
So wait a minute.
He's outside in between periods talking to a group of people and in all glory.
He turns around.
He says I got to go into the bathroom.
He walks into the ladies bathroom.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
You might want to check him out on that one.
They stunk.
Thanks for the good news.
Was this guy trying to say something or what?
Uh huh.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Crazy little fat.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey I was talking with the secretary in my office yesterday at dinner.
What the Pope was apologizing for.
Uh huh.
And she's always in church.
Uh and in the conversation she started to tell me that there's basically like a year 2000 special going on with the Catholic church.
And I think that if you if you get into confession this year, the Pope is authorized to lessen your stay in purgatory.
Yeah.
And you know that's going to where does he get this authority?
You know can I get this kind of thing in writing? Have my attorney review it?
But she's serious.
I didn't know about this.
I thought well you know maybe we have to get them out.
She's obviously an idiot in imbecile.
Oh yeah I know that.
The person with no mind.
And you know I said well you get if you get this out a little bit more you get a lot of people converting.
I mean what a deep.
I have.
I have.
Yeah he voted yes by the way the Pope voted on our website this morning he voted yes.
Amazing.
Yeah.
And the other thing if you if you heard third eye blind.
No.
The group.
Yeah.
You ought to get to pick up the new CD you I think you'll enjoy it.
Okay.
All right.
Take care.
5 6 7 speaking of blind by the way I'm trying to get some news about Brian Barat at least with that horrible injury and losing his eyesight maybe in one eye.
I'm looking in both sports sections this morning that are filled with 75 75 thousand pages about Danny boy.
Did I see one word about that and update when I get home I'm going to have to look on the goddamn Internet and look up the Toronto Sun and find out what's really going on there.
Major story that there should be some follow up in there in the local papers is the right.
No.
You can't complain about your coverage of sports in this town because there isn't any.
There isn't any.
It's a bunch of high school volleyball games and Danny boy and Jimmy boy and Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and that's it.
Because you got a bunch of goddamn parochial assholes that all I know is one or two things and that's it and then Barry Jack as writing his big commentary there about the coverage of Danny boy yesterday.
Channel 4 did this and channel 6 did that and QA and did this and the fan he's got to give a comment there about the fan and guess what Barry they still have no measurable audience.
I got the brand new trends right in front of me here do they show up anywhere.
Any demographic they have one diary.
No.
No, they've been on a year six months doing this which Barry Jack has done everything in his power to try to stuff them down our throat if they got one list there.
No, except Barry and sports fairies that work here in the afternoon.
That's right there.
The ones listening over there and some of our sales holes.
Oh yeah, that's very entertaining those two Jews over there.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM sports radio 560 QA.
Will you fudge back.
Today's dramatic reading the Cup of Life by Ricky Martin as interpreted by recent firm donor David Crosby.
The Cup of Life man.
The Cup of Life.
This is the one now is the time.
Oh, almost don't ever stop.
Push it along.
Gotta be strong.
Oh, push it along right to the top.
Yeah.
Teacher children well man.
And that was today dramatic reading of the Cup of Life by Ricky Martin as interpreted by David Crosby.
Oh and by the way speaking of David Crosby, I wonder how he's doing.
David Crosby.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
1131 at 560 WQM Julio came in and fixed our phones.
Nice going to Julio.
He had a little with it.
560 705 60, Palm 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady mobile in Wellington.
Hello.
Wellington.
Yes ma'am.
Oh god, I've been waiting for so long.
I had to call about the A word.
You remember waiting for so long.
Nine minutes and 47 seconds.
I have to.
I'm married.
Got normal with the listen to you forever.
Two boys.
Ten, twelve.
Yeah.
No longshoreman.
They're current like there's no tomorrow.
I've been doing it and we don't do it in front of them.
What is this guy next?
Yes.
Everybody in New York has a mouth like a toilet.
Right.
They could be truck drivers.
They could reach the steering wheel.
Exactly.
What an idiot.
What an asshole.
That's bad.
You could have said about myself.
That's bad.
Thank you.
Have a good day.
How do you like that?
You jackass over there and where were he and where was he?
Or was he in poor charlotte?
Or was that guy called puttagorta?
Some redneck Yahoo place over there.
She says you're a bastard.
That's what he says.
Fine.
Look at this.
They come.
They go.
They come.
Instant.
That's what they want.
Instant process response immediate like with in ten seconds or less.
Look at what?
Too bad.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
Out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five.
Yeah.
I have a few things you could do on the show for him.
For him and the kids that listen.
Go to hell pal.
How's that?
Here's a free ticket to hell.
Your ghost right there.
Do not stop and collect $200.
Do not pass.
Your reinies and get out of my face.
All these condescending goody two shoes.
Bible something.
Fony baloney assholes like him.
Here's Key West.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
First time caller.
Okay.
I was blowing my horn and I heard you were kind of hard up for phone calls.
And we get the key West medicine down here.
And a big story was that they they they tone a motorcycle accident.
And there was a priest who was blessing all the motorcycles with holy water.
Father of cool.
Father of cool.
Yeah.
I was hoping that the accidents I guess wouldn't reoccurr or some miracle would be performed.
But well a lot of priests like those bikers you know.
Yeah, they'd like to let her pant.
Right.
You got it.
I was just going to comment another story for the change.
Another quick story.
Um, bikes.
In the surfing through the TV channels a lot of times.
I can't help but go to the TVN channel with all those religious stuff.
And there was a thing that happened recently where Paul Kraus the president was asking for the parishioners.
Of course, always a said money.
But to pray for one of their higher ups that was gravely ill at the hospital.
And of course, then he said, well, Benny Hen will be with us tomorrow.
Well, of course, if Benny Hen is healing everybody, why does he need people to quote pray or do something and send money to heal one of his guys?
Why didn't Benny Hen go to the hospital and heal this guy?
Right.
Because obviously he can't.
I can't give a little hands on number.
Exactly.
Obviously he can't.
And I always kind of parallel professional wrestling with the TV evangelism.
They're both so fake.
And I can't understand.
I can't understand what people still, you know, said all their money and give more of that support.
Because there's a lot of stupid people.
How do you think that this thing continues?
Because there's a lot of morons out there.
A lot of idiots.
Why do you think that religion exists in the first place?
There's a lot of gullible people looking for a crutch.
We'll believe any kind of crap that your brain wash them with.
Yeah, you would think in this modern day and age people would get a little smarter.
You would think, but they don't.
And I guess that's how these James Jones and all these other characters go up.
And you know, something, those people, they don't have to get on like I do and beg for a free phone call.
They get on here and beg for tax free money and they get it.
Millions and millions and millions and millions.
Every time they do one of those shows on 60 minutes or 2020, they show all those little old ladies sitting there,
opening up the envelopes and they're funneling through the money.
They got a big operation going through.
Here's the hundreds and here's the 50s and here's the 20s.
And here's the checks.
And here's the master card and the visa.
Yeah.
You will actually only have a business like that.
There's a guy named Brother Shamback who comes on the show.
This guy, this guy, this guy, be a very, what I use car salesman, this guy.
I mean, this guy is such a crook.
I mean, it's so, it's so crooked and obvious that I sit there and I watch for just a short time.
I can't stomach it for too long, but I'm like, shaking my head saying, how in the world is this guy on the air?
You have to be just laughing in the back room.
It's just incredible.
And we can't say crap on here, but they can go on here and suck for money and have a disappear.
Have a great day.
Thanks sir. God bless you.
5, 6, 7, over.
By the way, thanks Eric for factoring me this stuff from the Internet, but it's from the Toronto Summit.
But it has nothing to do with what I'm talking about.
Maple Leaf fans pay for barrage. Thanks Eric, but does it say anything about his condition?
No, it's going on.
No, thanks anyway Eric, but what can I say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line out of town line is open 877, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Good morning, you all right?
Yes, sir. Okay.
I have one point to make and I have a question.
A small point about Marino.
Did you notice that when he did retire, do you notice he said I'd be tired from my life?
No, he didn't. No, he didn't.
No, he didn't. He said I'm not going to play football again.
That he said that at least twice.
Yeah, but, okay.
Yeah, but twice.
What he said, okay.
The other thing I want to ask you, Mel, did you notice the other day when they shut clothes down I-95
because they had a gunman in the hotel room?
Yeah.
And the ass is something with all these squat teams, the guys in the hotel room by himself, no hostages.
Uh-huh.
How does it take six hours to get them out?
I don't understand that.
I can't shoot one thing of tear gas in.
How do they, that's the new thing now when they have a hostage or when they don't have a hostage and have somebody there.
It takes six or seven hours.
Yeah.
How would they, they couldn't have backed up the traffic if they did it right away?
I know, but I mean, you have a guy in the hotel.
When they're on a plane, if they would have done it right away, they'd have gone up in five minutes.
Oh, that was okay.
That's right.
Okay. No, you're the best. I enjoy.
Okay. God bless us.
Yeah, big article here.
Look at this.
I stand off shut sign.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
I'm going to get out of the hotel.
Oh no!
All right.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh, we're flying.
Don't walk on the city streets.
We're now at our point for class love.
Say it.
Don't say much of anything.
People will say you're ungrateful.
7.45 at 5.60 WQM.
They must be on drugs.
Actually, they're all out of voting today, you think?
No.
Yeah, they're all out of voting against that strong air thing
and Broward.
And of course, they'd count.
We know what they're doing with themselves.
Illinois priest arrested on drug-related charges.
I wonder if it was...
By the road too.
What do you think?
Racine Wisconsin.
A priest accused of setting up a sexual encounter via the internet
with an undercover agent posing as a 14-year-old boy
was ordered Monday to stand trial.
On drug charges, speaking of people say you're on drugs.
Oh!
The Reverend John N. Fudeck, 47 of Hillary Park, Illinois,
was arrested February 17th.
Prosecutor said he had traveled to recede to meet the boy
at a fast food restaurant intending to sell an alcoholic steroids
a drug associated with muscle building and to have sex.
Oh!
He liked that.
He wants to pump him up a little bit, so to speak.
What did he say?
Want a laundry-top little boy?
Yeah.
Suck on this.
Lollipop little boy.
Poor neck was charged with possession of anabolic steroids
with the intent to deliver possession of marijuana.
Oh no.
Attempted secondary sexual assault of a child and solicitation of a child.
How do you like damn apples, huh?
These are facts in the church.
Another isolated incident.
The 524th million in a series.
Did the Pope apologize for that?
No.
Or all the molestations of all their boys and other children?
No.
Didn't he just left that out?
The list is so long he didn't have time to cover all the bases, so to speak.
He never got the first base.
And of course, when you're that old and you're walking around with that dress and that schmata on,
how can you get, how can you waddle down the first base, right?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I have some information about Barard.
Okay.
His career is over.
He has lost his eyesight and the NHL requires at least 20% vision in the eye.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, we'll call over.
Yeah, terrible.
Yeah, I just wanted to call him so you that.
Thanks for the bad.
No, first on there.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Go vote again two or three more times.
Come on.
It's going to be a small turnout today.
Just like our turnout here on the phone today.
Pretty weak.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
A button is town who Brian Barard is.
No.
No.
No.
Why didn't one eye would have stick in the eye his career is all over.
See, his career is over prematurely.
He's not going to have it out.
He was the rookie of the year in the league a couple years ago with the islanders.
He's not going to have an opportunity for a 17 year scene and to be honored and have big sections of newspaper.
That's a tragedy.
When somebody has all of those years, then it should be a celebration not like everybody's blowing their brains out with this dandy thing.
Nice goal and have a great life and our life moves on right.
Isn't that the way it's supposed to work?
No.
No, I forgot.
That's right.
It's Miami.
I forgot.
You can just keep wallowing and the reveling in the past.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Are you new?
Yes, sir.
Let's see what's on item.
Okay.
I've had a question for you.
I'm trying to get all of you for 15 years, but I worked for a living.
I'm on the few that try to get in touch with you.
But you're busy.
Is that a true story about the Schwarzsert dancing on the table?
Yes.
It is.
Well, he wasn't there.
He was singing.
Not dancing.
I find it hard to believe that I'll tell you what I want to do.
What do you mean it's hard to believe?
He was singing.
That's the only thing I found.
I'm 15 years of listening to you.
I thought it was a joke.
But you're correct about that.
Yes, I am.
It was at the macaroni grill.
I have a black eye who works in the kitchen.
He gets up there and he sings.
I don't know what it was in some bizarre language.
I have no idea.
I'm a girl.
Also, for that village idiot, they had a problem with the kids.
Yeah.
With the YeHo work.
Can you play the dinner?
Play one.
Play a dinner.
Play that.
I'll play that.
I have a great day, pal.
Okay.
I'll be honest with you.
The second day in a row we had a request for Dennis Liri.
We could play that two or three times to get out of here.
That's how long that thing is.
Four minutes and twenty-two seconds.
Are we playing it again today?
No.
No, but thanks for the thought.
Yeah, the guy over there who was called from the West Coast.
He's an ass.
I don't watch mine.
Could we watch our language a little bit here?
No.
No.
We're not toning it down.
We're not changing the show to make you happy or any pucky little kids happy.
We're doing the show.
If you like it, find it.
That's for you.
Okay, pal.
Get lost.
Stay over there on the West Coast where you'll be safe.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue banging our way along here, banging our way along.
I like all those public trucks they got out there yesterday.
That was nice.
You see that?
They had all day of publics.
They had volunteer drivers come on and put all the public trucks between the guy in the car.
And he still tied up the traffic for a hundred hours.
Because they were too busy at the BS.
Oh!
The swing clubs.
We're about people's banana stuff.
That's what they worry about in Broward.
And if you vote for that strong mayor today, believe me, Ken Jenny is going to be the dictator in Broward County.
So just say no.
Which one is it again?
I got to make sure I tell them the right thing.
And they purposely do it very confusing on here.
They put on it because nobody knows what it's all about.
Legislative question number one.
County question one.
County question two.
Vote.
No.
No, I legislated question one, which is the one where they would have a strong mayor.
Don't want an elected strong county mayor.
Do we want it?
No.
Wayne wants it.
His buddy there received Broward in a relation to Brian.
He wants it.
So doesn't that tell you everything you need to know?
The answer is no.
Anytime Wayne High Pingo, John Henry or any of their ilk ask for something.
Don't even, don't wait to find out what it is.
Just say no.
Don't even bother asking.
The answer is no.
You want some of this crappy food at the macaroon?
No.
No, thanks.
And by the way, that business with a plastic bottle of beer there.
That is so outrageous to me.
But it's only plastic bottles.
Yeah, that will go over bigger than the rats on the ice.
After they've had the first one of your 30 bottles of beer at the macaroon.
Oh yeah, but if they don't set, they then they got to give them a cup.
You know, my car's like a tenth of a cent for one of those cups.
Cup lid, straws, anything they can avoid giving you, they'll do it.
You got to take your own so that Wayne can save a hundredth of a cent on a goddamn cup lid.
So come over to the macaroon and get your own lid.
Yeah, I'm on.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
Hi, Neil.
My name is Pat Mayer.
I live in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Yes, Pat.
Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
We don't want that strong mayor, but we also don't want that darn park.
What park is that?
Vote yes to the park or vote no for the park at Hyde Park on Las Vegas.
Oh.
That's an eight million dollar bond, which is that a county-wide question?
Yes.
It is?
I vote well.
No.
It's a Fort Lauderdale question.
Yeah, I don't live in Fort Lauderdale, so I don't have that balance.
Yeah.
Well, what happened there?
Oh, that's right.
Here it is.
That's right.
In Fort Lauderdale, you got an eight million dollar park bond issue.
Right.
And even the Sun Centrel says vote against the bond, so I have to wonder about that.
Well, it's what they want is eight million dollars.
Before a first blade of grease, grass could be planted.
Yeah.
It could end up costing 20 million.
The Stranding Hand House says they'll pay over and above the eight.
Well, they've tried to raise money before it.
It didn't happen.
So who's going to get stuck?
Who's the Stranding Hand House?
What is that?
Part of my ignorance, but I have no idea what that is.
Any hand houses on Las Olis and the River, and it was the original trading post back in the early...
The Harding Post, yeah.
Yeah.
You know, it's a historical site and they have tours there.
They only charge their little kids at eight years old and school is 11 dollars to go through it.
I never heard of it.
Yeah, it's the Stranding Hand House.
It's one of our historical places.
I heard the Ethan House in Rochester, but I never heard of the Stranding Hand House in the Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Any house, they would like to have it so that they can have more social.
Well, they're not going to have it.
The answer is no.
No, we don't like it.
No.
A great vote against...
I don't know what it's all about.
It's $370.
No, no.
Always be on the safe side by voting.
No.
Whenever it has to do with voting taxpayers' money, if you're not really sure just said no, it could be on the safe side.
You got it.
It could remove a $300 tax base, too.
Okay.
Bye-bye to that.
Bye.
Go on vote again.
No.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
Let's get at least 100 people out there to vote today.
That should put it over the edge because nobody's going to vote in the primary because it's already a done deal.
You got your goal and you got your bush.
Well, I've hinted that incense is really strong.
Man.
Wow.
Cinnamon.
We are really infant star.
Pull questions today on our website, NeilRodgers.com.
Should marijuana be legalized.
I'm sure Eric will be giving us another update very soon.
But our first 108 votes, 96 had yes and 12 had the audacity to say no, which I just imagine.
And you notice nobody calls this show and has the audacity.
There's that word again.
To argue with me about it.
Well, it is audacious and votacious and prodigious to say no.
What kind of thing?
You know something?
Those people that vote no, they must know that guy from Port St. Lucille.
Robert that guy was from from pigeonhole Florida, wherever he was.
Cornhole.
Here's Cape Coral, speak of that.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a partner in one of a lesser hotels next door to the holiday in where these six pro baseball players were mugged.
And I'm in conflict patch with my two managers.
The daytime manager and the nighttime manager.
And we know most of the pimps up and down the street there.
It was a pimps who got these ball players individually.
I don't even know what story you're talking about.
The six pro baseball players in Kissimmee.
I know, I know when did this happen?
It was happened last week.
Last week?
Sure.
Sure.
It was down here.
Wasn't in my newspaper.
I never heard about it.
The six baseball players, major ligus, that's leaning down at the baseball field in Kissimmee.
No.
We have a train, a training area here.
A train, a beautiful training field just like you have here.
But we have here in Fort Myers.
Yeah.
And I'm the opinion that, and I know these managers.
I work with them.
I have a daytime manager and a nighttime manager.
I know everybody up and down the street.
There are a lot of pimps there and streetwalkers.
And they chose to get in touch.
One of these pimps got in touch individually with these baseball players.
And they rounded them up and they told them about a party.
And that's when they stepped in with the criminal element.
And that's when they graded the place.
And one of the guys that held up these ball players, they had them all together for communal sex.
They thought they would bring girls around.
Yeah.
And they're only one of the girls, I guess they took it a problem ahead.
Yeah.
Well, at least these men are baseball, baseball, baseball.
They don't know that they don't know that they don't know.
They showered together.
The semi has a main drag like you're a disgame bullet box.
Right.
With a lot of sleazy motels.
Hookers, yeah.
But there's a lot of drag.
Look, I have two managers, one of them speaks Spanish.
And I mean, they know what's going on.
Oh, they know their hookers.
They're only there.
Seven buildings away from the holiday in their life.
I'm a part owner of a lesser motel.
I'm not going to give you the name.
But this is what happened.
And the pimps took it upon themselves to gather these ball players.
Yeah.
Instead of asking them for their autographs, they're more friendly with them than they came down to the motel thinking they were going to have a party.
Uh-huh.
Meanwhile, some crew are way into the game in there.
And they held them up.
Yeah.
They had their pants down.
Usually, you know what they did, don't you?
Actually, they were up on the second floor.
With their pants down.
They were up on the second floor.
The rooms were on the second floor.
They were doing the moonwalk.
Two guys came in with their guns, your headers.
Yeah.
These six ball players had a drop-backed pants.
And they threw them right over the back of the motel into the yard.
Yeah.
With their pants down.
Yeah, they got their money and everything.
So there's a motto for all you kids out there, especially the ones on the West Coast where that guy called before we said, don't say asshole again.
Don't get caught with your pants down.
Three minutes before noon at 560 WQM.
We got this boys right here.
Yeah.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
WQA.
I have sports water day.
And now, filling in for Terrell Davis, it's Troy Ackman for Campbell's Chunky Soup.
Let's take a call.
Hello, Troy.
Hi, mom.
Don't worry.
I'm eating my Campbell's Chunky Soup.
I don't care about the damn soup.
What?
Did you find a nice girl yet?
Mom, I told you.
You have enough of them sending your panties to the house.
You could at least humor one of them.
I told you, my husband.
The boy is a fruit.
Is that dad?
Don't listen to your father.
Tell him to shut up.
I didn't make the boy that way.
Must've been your mother.
My husband always bringing over them.
Pick up and she's choking.
You don't listen to him.
As long as you're happy.
But the nice girl, that's all we care about.
But mom, no but.
Okay.
Well, thanks for sitting in joy, but you might not sit in so close.
During this next week, when they didn't touch me, Terrell Davis returns.
From 02 at 560 WQA in 567, and by the way, the last caller of the one that went on and on
and on and repeated himself 400 times about the baseball players with their panties down around their ankles.
There was a chronic West Coast caller named Carl, which we had several spy reports about.
And everybody who called said,
that don't call us Carl.
We don't talk to chronic East Coast West Coast underwater above water.
We don't want to talk to you.
You got a car.
No too bad.
All of the story was true.
And of course, Carl was pretty excited about hearing about all those ball players of their pants and under ankles.
567, 0560 if Craig Beige was one of my people.
Pretty interesting.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
The other town line, 877, 785, 6345.
Here's Evan Ture. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'm waiting.
And he's gone.
Okay. He just panicked under the pressure.
Our dark, conflicted friend there.
He just panicked under the pressure.
He said, hello.
I said hello.
And that was it.
He got tongue tied.
Can't got his tongue.
Sorry.
Maybe you'll bring it back.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I just wanted to do a call about was it in clear water?
The guy who called about the asshole thing?
No, it was in some horrible play.
Punnigord, I think.
Yes, some Hicksville.
I was thinking that if you're so worried about his kids, maybe you should send them up to that priest.
Because he's such a moral man.
That's correct.
We're all such terrible.
We all know about the priest.
He's an asshole.
He's another one.
Yeah.
So how many assholes running around?
How could we not say it?
Exactly.
I mean, the leader of the asshole, the guy running around in the skirt and following decides to apologize after...
With a beanie on it.
With a beanie on it.
With a beanie baby.
From murdering, maiming, 4,000 years ago.
I'm surprised that Pope didn't apologize for stealing the beanie from the Jews, too, Ali was at it.
Yeah, you know, that's kind of an insulting, actually.
I mean, you can at least give us a little credit.
But I guess we killed Jesus.
I forgot about that.
I just wanted to call to put it in my teeth, then.
Thank you, sir.
Have a good one.
I'll pray for you.
Thank you.
Okay.
My ruchat, or naaah, but I bade bada bup, bada baaah, but ready for you.
I'll go through and let's have the wine.
A lot of wine.
Too much wine, I think, in Ali's religions.
That's the problem.
They're all a little bit stoned out of their minds.
If they start smoking a good gondraman, that's a religion for everybody in this town.
That's our poll question, by the way, should we legalize marijuana?
And if you say yes, we're going to send some free samples to your home.
If you say no, we're going to come in to beat the crap out of you.
We're going to have one of our Jamaican friends come to your home and beat the crap out of you, if you say no.
Not that I want to skewer the result, of course, because that's the one good thing about our polls on the website.
They're all absolutely anonymous, which really butches up the audience, too, by the way.
If you notice that really butches them up big time.
And how come nobody is called to tell us what those other stations are there listening to in the morning and in the afternoon that come under utter.
Other was number two in the morning and others number two in the afternoon.
You got me.
Yeah, that's that fax way yesterday about magic.
You think our audience is listening to magic?
No.
I sure hope not.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello?
Any?
Yes, sir.
I know how the BSO could have taken care of that guy in popular about half the time.
Yeah.
All they had to do was fly down those four or five cops from New York that shut that guy 70 something times,
put him inside the car and say he's got a good.
Yeah, he's got a wallet.
Okay, thanks.
Good idea.
By the way, let's feel Connecticut.
A white police officer was convicted Monday of manslaughter for shooting an on-arm black suspect in the back at point blank range.
Scott Smith, 28 is the first Connecticut police officer to be charged with murder for an action committed in the line of duty.
The jury acquitted the new mill for an officer of murder but found him guilty of intentional manslaughter in the December 1990 achieving a Franklin read Smith could get up to 40 years in prison when sentenced on May number five on L. Sync with a mile.
A trillion, trillion thanks to the jury for your courage to do the right things and reads mother.
Perly Lynn read.
Perly Lynn.
P-E-A-R-L-Y-L-Y-N.
Perly Lynn read.
The officer said he shot read 27 because he thought read was reaching for a weapon.
Read was on-arm.
A short folding knife was discovered in a jacket about a found a few feet away from his body.
A little one like that and the knife too.
Smith shot read once in the back.
Prosecution witnesses testified they saw read sitting or lying down moments before the shooting.
An expert testified for prosecution that Smith's blueprint was on a read shirt.
Read had let Smith on a brief foot chase.
Read had diluted another officer earlier in the day.
The charges against Smith brought protests from hundreds of police officers.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officers were shot in the back.
The police officer were shot in the back.
The police officer were shot in the back.
The police officer were shot in the back.
I don't know what this movie means.
I don't know what this movie means.
We've talked about it before.
We've talked about it before.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
With C-Time I do them.
But I can't watch it right now.
Sorry, Tom.
He's gonna learn in Toronto now, by the way.
Ohh!
Oh, there's D'Onchula.
Had him in the Super Bowl,
but it didn't happen.
Yeah.
Okay.
Whatever you say, Done.
We don't care about Don. She will know we want to see about the trade. She's the thing about Marina. Oh,
Christ almighty. I'll put on ESPN news. Maybe they got something like a commercial.
Here's a call from Anchorage, Alaska. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. Hey, all right. This is talk about God's country. This isn't up here, buddy. Uh-huh.
Yeah, we up here kids spring break whatnot.
Find a stragginess thing is that
Everywhere you go, people are friendly. You stop for directions. Yeah, here's where you need to go. Here's what you need to do
Yeah, Florida. The first time they shoot you a bird the second time they shoot you. That you got it very well said. We're a
Question our next journey is going to be to your place when your stomach rounds answer down the question I have for you is
All right
Can you get around on just public transportation? Yeah, we really need to run a car. Do not run a car
Okay, because the streets most of them are very narrow. It's a very tough city of driving the
The subway and not some ways, but the trams are great in the buses and it's a very easy walking city
You don't want to run a car there. Okay, and and closing. Can I hear if I saw you know
I'm not gonna reiterate Danny Boyd retirement, but I saw the Humper doing the interview. Can you give a hey stupid and closing? Okay
Thank you, buddy. Hey stupid. Thank you. Okay
One more hand. Come on. Hey stupid five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line
I got a spn news on now. I'm not gonna wait for these guys because they won't give us crap
You know what I'm saying? Even the car line of four Kent and Andrewville
A big important
Kent and Andrewville traded a Philadelphia for that Indian and the Sandy McCarthy
Kent and Andrewville go why big a part of what did I say Philadelphia
No, Sandy McCarthy was with Philadelphia. That's what they said
Well, they had but don't you understand? Carolina had to make the trade with somebody else
I know you know the sports guy, but when a trade they don't make the trade with within the own team
Carolina and Philadelphia
Sandy McCarthy goes from Philadelphia to Carolina and Kent Manderville goes from
The Carolina
Kent Manderville former Toronto Maple Leaf former Cornell Red Man
Good Canadian boy
As I'm sure it would say he's okay
And of course Sandy McCarthy another goon. Oh the flyers have one less goon. What are they gonna do now?
Ten minutes past noon rhymes with goon
Girls for a corner of bound is acting
There's gonna be busy dying laughing when I see his back is through his winning prize
So Hank is here. I'm gloating about the fact that 43.8% of our audience wasn't back in the afternoon
Which you even beat other which is excellent. Morning the first team already did 15.3%
So like I said 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. We got a team here the worst team. They got their own team
And I think the name speaks for itself
So anyway, yeah
The Hank was talking on Friday about when he was doing his appearance at Gulf Stream
It was I almost drove off the road about the old bag that was bitching right and you could hear her in the bag
It was kind of like when you were at the Gulf Stream and you can hear the other people in the back
But you couldn't hear what they were saying
And then this old bag I hear like that and you just went nuts and it was one of my people one of my Helen Veil people
It certainly was she left a little trail of sweet and low as she went off into the sun
A white powder. Oh god what a place
It's 16 past noon at 560 WQ I am Hank will be doing his NCAA preview show is NCAA gambling show at two o'clock this afternoon
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line only in Miami
You're going to remote and be bitch. I yeah language is disgusting. How can you use such language?
Old bitch
Here's a mobile in candle. Hello
Like I said, here's a mobile in candle. Hello
Ah
See now. How do you like that? Yeah, it was a psychic thing in my part part
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town 877 785
6345
Come and see Georgia Saturday noon to two at the prime coast door in the Oakland Plaza shopping center
Miguel will be all Miguel's going to be there spin in a wheel
Yeah, he's going to be spinning a wheel hands off Miguel, okay
Look don't touch that's what you told me and there'll be plenty of fries including four-nir tickets date County fair tickets QM frisbee's
Cousses
Cousses
Some people say cozy
Oh
Oh, I'm so sorry
Cousses not Cousses nephew Cousses you idiot you moron you simple than you
T-shirts and plenty of food from Atlantic City, substance and Hollywood noondatoo that's the Hollywood Easter 95 between sterling and cheering at
Pranko noondatoo the Saturday Cousses. Oh, please don't tell me Miguel wrote this. He said scoozy
Oh, yeah, scoozy. I didn't know he spoke italiano. Yeah, I know what they look like. I've seen one before in the
Cozy too
5 6 7 0 5 60 that's that's what Miguel causes for skin Cousses
Yeah, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
Isn't that a cozy something you stick something else on the inside right and then if you don't watch it it falls right out
When you least expect it when you just leave him alone for crying out a lot leave him alone
Okay, I'll oh, I feel a lot better now that I saw him a
Lot better. I'm kind of squeezing it a little bit myself my coosie. Here's the sunrise rhymes with Susie. Hello
Yeah, I meant to call you say but the phones were tied up. No, they weren't
Well, when I call it was never these phones are never tied up you can get through no waiting on the show
I really like one hell and I really feel bummed out that he was given such a short shrift by your board out there
Because I he was good. He described movies. He never had by gringo a beer day
But you know that scary talent you have there George is just outrageous. Yeah, just keep me on the edge
We're going to be shopping at wavy town around don't forget how to be a board up George
Well, why shouldn't you take some schmit today too, huh?
That's fine. Don't you like you okay? He all like you
That's fine. That was his crown and I think that was no
Now you now you're picking on the the guy's dead for crying out loud and you're
Nothing by the call didn't he got that yeah, I'm talking about the bird is dead and you're picking on the bird
I wasn't picking on it. Don't pluck the bird of you for when you know something
I'm not I still have that is that in the thing pluck the bird
No, but I know where that card is somewhere around here. Damn it. There's more damn good stuff
That isn't in the DCS pluck the bird you remember that yeah, I find it back there
Don't get so sorely just because this guy takes you an asshole and don't think asshole again
Because the guy from a punny gord or wherever the hell he's from a call back all his little 20-year-old kids out there
That's why purposely asked him how old are these kids all while they're going into high school
They're going into high school. He's afraid they're going to hear the word asshole. Oh my god
Give this job this give this guy to job as commissioner of the SC and C. He'd be perfect
And like they say over there in the beastly broadcasting. They don't come any fowler than mark. You know mark fowler
Only 50 dollars. Yeah, I wonder how I got a lot of stock by the way good old mark fowler
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, how you doing before I get to my couple points? I had a question
Where did you say you graduated from university again? Who graduated you did I didn't graduate from any university
Are you out of your mind? Oh, I thought you had attended university. I'm sorry. I didn't say graduate. I went to Michigan State
Ah, okay. The great Michigan state in Eastlanting Michigan sir. Don't be messing with them with the Spartans
Did you study broadcasting?
I don't study I studied bird drinking
study beer drink. Yeah, nice to ride
Hey, listen, I had to make a couple observations one is that this is a totally junior varsity town
pointing out your news report. There was a guy who had dropped a mattress on the dolphin express the palm
Edo somewhere on the expressway. Yeah, and cars like a huge backup. I'm driving down unity bully bull of hard
22nd avenue and
Dude had transported about ten of those stackable tables
And he hadn't tied him down and he had put him in the flatbed of his truck and left the flat down
And there he was picking up all 15 of them suckers off the road and just causing the biggest backup. Yeah
As far as the cops shooting people in the back are concerned
I have yet to be as discussed in a repulsed as I've been lately by the actions of most
major police departments that are
with these
horrendous stories
About shooting killings and all these you know on generally people that you would think you know
Yeah, you're not the most desirable elements of our you know, but they still their people
And you'd think that before someone got that
100 and for 72nd round of 72nd roundoff you'd think they could maybe you know pause to think what they're doing before they did
Yeah, shoot on on people in the back or stick whatever it is
What was that other case?
A broom handle up a guy
They just got convicted of by the way and they're going to wait for a long time. Thank goodness. Yes
And I hope they do that in jail. I hope they do to them in jail what they normally do to ask policemen and jail
Those guys deserve it. I mean what kind of people to say was it felt like a broom handle five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Let's see when is Eric going to put up a message board on the website
We're not putting up a message board on the website ever that's the answer to that question ever
No, we don't want the we already played that game once no moss
The facts from somebody in Orlando who's talking to you trying to talk about real radio and Jim Phillips and Phil and the
Jew Garbo and Greta Garbo and Howard and yada yada yada yada
Took part in your poll filled out other for Jim Phillips Jim mentions you all the time
He says you're the best in the business always like that Jim Phillips in Orlando. What a talent
What a great talent never heard of but he said hell of a talent Jim Phillips in Orlando on real radio
Great great talent. He says I'm the best in the universe. Isn't that what uh, okay? That's what Phil said too
That's what everybody says who's like an important person
Around here. They say oh, he's a pain in the ass bag
Which why can't you be both why can't you be the best in the business and a pain in the ass bag at the same time right?
F&A baby
Here's our poll results so far. Why is this piss me off
Should a very simple question should and of course if if I knew what the answer was going to be why I asked the question right
If you're going to get like 99% there's no point asking the ask asking the question
What was that kid's name by the way Chris what I?
Feel bad that I can't remember that name that's I wrote it down
What was his name Chris uh
Come on well, I got a written down here. Well, I did too. I can't find it. Fine Chris Klein
I should remember that that's a good Jewish name to think he's Jewish oh
Robert Klein he's Jewish any uh, yeah Klein
Anyway, I should never want to be legalized we have 201 votes as of noon
But we're we have a lot of votes on that website now. We're gonna we have uh 400 by the end of the show today
We had over a thousand on a weekend that that was astonishing to me
Thousand forty six votes shouldn't you'll buy a gun?
543 said five hundred and forty three said what are the odds of that happening ever again
And you know what I'm saying they can't control that because they're only getting one vote and they have no idea you know what I'm saying
Fitty-fitty right down the list did I get a gun? None you none your business
What do you think?
So anyway 201 votes on I should never want to be legalized and yes
165 82% no
36 18%
Is that shocking?
Yeah, that we have 18% in this audience who say no
Have any of those people called up to explain why they say no no no no
And you want to know why because they probably don't have the balls to do it to argue with an expert like me
Not an expert on smoking it just an expert on freedom and common sense and around the world the way we're living and breathing people live
Airby person that was ever convicted of a marijuana related crown
I'm not talking about something violent to you know, but growing a dealing buying possession all those people should be out on the street right now every single one
And especially starting in New York State with those ridiculous rocket-feller gun drug laws that are just outrageous obnoxious anti-human disgusting
Am I right?
F&A
Here's the lady in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, man. How are you great? You know the other day was in the
Grove and they were given away some
Pemptor stuff and it had a wheel and you spun it and
Or when the the grand prize was some hockey tickets great, but I've never been there
So I was wondering if you could tell me if there were any good
It's section 420. Oh knows believe get binoculars really far bring oxygen and binoculars
So you think it's worth it to go or not sure yeah, what game is it for?
Um Montreal, Canadian. No, I guess
Just just bring some of that frog repellent spray when you go up there
Oh, another thing you know, what do you think about? Um Mariah and Lucie me go. What do you think about that?
What do I think about it? Let there's one word. I'd like to say pose to you. Okay beard
Beard beard. I'm good. Okay, think about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line 877 7 8 5 63 45 beard like Liz Taylor
Um, what's the other one?
What's her name Brook Shields Brook Shields very good who was supposedly married to Andre Agassi and who's also going with the Michael Jackson and was going with
Yeah, I think she was also going out with um Paul what's his name before Paul Lind before he jumped out the window
Yeah, definitely she's she's dating the Charles Nelson Riley is what I'm here in Tottenhamie and also the guy from uh, that didn't die
The guy that didn't die from the uh to movie uh shows from the uh that I was right. He's very to some black chick
Here we're the bomb
Sports radio 5 60 Q a.m. Oh my god
Oh
The sparks the spot are fly
From this the chair to hell your foot
And when they finally
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
