Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and Bradford or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I'll say in another bizarre twist Bill, I have been banished. I've been put in a closet outside a locker room.
I can't get out of here.
Well, if we have someone listening in Miami who might have a connection to the stadium here, please call and tell them to let Jim Mandage out of the closet in the locker room.
Is that you knocking on the door, Jim, trying to get out? Yes. No, it is.
Well, feel free to yell for help at any time.
I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east. No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus. They have different religious beliefs.
They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday. And so every December I go to the Middle East and...
Ah!
Hey there, Mr. Muslim. Mary fucking Christmas. But down that foot of Koran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus said birthday, so get off your heath and Muslim at the fucking cell of rite.
There is no holiday season in India, I've heard. They don't hang up their stockings and that is just absurd.
No. They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what Rudolph is about. And that is why in December I'll go to India and...
Hi!
Hi there, Mr. Hindu. And Mary fucking Christmas. He can't knock any sunbeam. Pass it to the man.
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus said birthday, so get off your heath and Hindu at the fucking cell of rite.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin. They pray to several gods and put needles in their hands. On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and...
Hi!
Hi there, Mr. Shantou. Mary fucking Christmas. God is gonna kick your ass if you can't let your takin' show.
Hey, KC, you haven't noticed. They're fessing to do. So it's all a choice for Jesus. Mary fucking Christmas to you.
On Christmas Day, I travel around the world and say...
Now it's Christmas bonus and all you ABS too! Mary fucking Christmas.
So yeah!
And that was for Gary and Paul Lauderdale, who faxed in a request on Friday but I was already gone on the way to the airport.
Gary thanks to the fellows that he every morning on the way to work he drives by Northeast High School in Paul Lauderdale.
This morning, meaning Friday, the BSO I set up a checkpoint at Northeast, is pulling people over for random vehicle checks.
Oh right! As in, Mary F. and Christmas to you.
Nice going B.S.
So I'm coming back from the airport yesterday and we've got the best of Neil tape on the air.
I'm gonna tell you something. Those tapes. With all the respect that Joe Castello was sitting right in the other room, I'm not talking behind your back, you do the best you can.
But it's an impossible task because they're dated. They're old. And right there on the tape, I'm saying, well it's the 12th of December and we still don't know who the president is.
And it's the deadline for the electorate is that I'm thinking to myself, oh no, this is such garbage. So bad.
I mean the price is right. Do they have to pay anybody to come in and do the show? No. No.
Terrible. And the reason I mention that especially, more so than usual, is because my good close personal friend Bill Tanner, our consultant, was in Bluffs office one day last week, totally in the week.
And I haven't spoken to him in three years, along with many other people in this building for good reason. But anyway, it's sitting there aside.
You know, he just had triple bypass surgery. So being the nice guy that I am, I figured while he's sitting in there, I can't just walk by the room again and give him a dirty look.
So I go in there, how are you? And during the course of our conversation, he's saying, oh, you know, I saw those ratings next next summer, best of Neil tapes. Any time you're not here.
Which is a shot at George, of course, because they hate George on the air like poison. I mean, they despise George on the air.
And I thought to myself yesterday, after hearing that best of tape, if they played the best of Neil all summer, I come back here in September and we might as well do that farting noise show.
We're talking about the other day. I was a farting noises. So we'll do a poll on that little while.
I have a message for the sports halls on his station. Not that you have to stop. Oh, God. I come in this morning. I was relieved to see that the walls hadn't inverted yet from the sucks that's been going on here lately.
And then I hear guilty this morning, sucking up again to Terry Murray because Michael Mayo. And you know what I think of Michael Mayo.
About twice a year, he writes a decent column. He I read the column that he wrote about the brain and more and all I crap.
And so he got a little bit curated when he was a tongue in cheek. You ought to take the stick and hit him over the head with it.
And when anybody with a brain knows that that was literal, and then I find out from my spies, not the matching Joe, that Terry Murray evidently called Michael Mayo at home in distress over that column.
There's been so much suction on these sports shows when is somebody in this town other than yours truly going to stick up for the poor bastards out there who are expected to put up their hard and money to go see crap.
And I don't want to mention who show was on was it last Wednesday or Thursday stupid. I don't want to mention who show was stupid.
But Scott borrows the man who's helping to put the last nails in the coffin of baseball. He's on being interviewed being sucked on this station stupid for about 40 minutes.
And then interview was it was just terrifying to me. I'm driving home and I wanted to pull off the road neither start screaming or crying or both.
Alex Rodriguez is this he is to baseball what Tiger Woods is to golf. Oh my god, Hank.
What are you they must be taken to extra heavy duty drugs in this place. You know what you're where they get those drugs from.
No, not seriously what what is going on in this place they must all be on heavy duty as it or something.
A lot is to baseball what Tiger Woods is to golf. Now you know how I feel about golf and about Tiger Woods, but it's undisputable that he's elevated golf to the level where it is today.
Unfortunately, but nevertheless he's making millions and millions and millions of dollars for people in the sport.
And most of the money that he makes forget about the tour are for commercial endorsements.
He's elevated a dying brewing game to a level which it otherwise could never have been out. He's a once in a lifetime athlete in his sport if you want to call out the sport.
Alex Rodriguez is he even the arguably the best player in baseball. No, no, no.
Is he as good as can graphic law Sammy so said oh no how many how many home one championships in the one Joe how many triple crowns how many RBI titles.
What what are his achievements that make him to baseball how many extra people will come out and Dallas to see the Rangers play when he suits up for the Rangers.
Anybody well. Is there any chance that he'll ever make back for Texas or for the game of baseball the money the 25 million year he's been paid for 10 years is there any chance that will happen.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Because it's the holiday, isn't it, right? And I am still going to play all the good stuff
But now I feel compelled because there's so many damn exciting things that went on, for example, just by accident this morning I discovered I uncover a mystery, which I didn't even know there was a mystery going on until I saw this old litus sitting back here on a bulletin board
And I looked at it, and I was studying a little light bulb when I pulled my head and I said to myself, Stephen B. T. Bow is PD Lenny
It's the same person! And of course the people in the audience are going, Stephen B. T. Bow, what is this man talking about?
This was an old hate letter from months and months ago, and it was written by the same person that wrote the PD Lenny letter the last week
And it's taken me an until this moment, I thought it was Barzini all along, or however it like goes
Man, this is exciting now
Here's the prayer from last Friday, 1174 responses of all the things, is there something with the overhaters that me today?
Maybe my ears froze up and to run over the weekend
Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting view out of 1174, 2275 politics, oh, oh!
Inside radio stuff, 245, like PD Lenny, and Stephen B. T. Bow, and about all the sports circles on this station, they love hearing about that
Religion, 235, hockey, 187, I don't think that's Burgess
Gay stuff, 86, Amsterdam, 68, you know those two are like right next to each other
And after that is the big drop off stock market 28, they know that I know nothing about it, it's brewing, it's depressing, 28
The track 25, diet talk, 15, and health problems 10
Although we will talk about Joe's father who's in hospital, we wish him well
Had a little mild heart attack because the doctors are butchering him up, misdiagnosing all his illnesses, giving him the wrong medication
Nice going doctors, you butchers out there
In fact, if anybody's got any meat to cut during the holidays, just take it to your neighborhood doctor
Because doctor and doctor butcher us anonymous, same thing
10 and it's half to 10 at 5, 60 WQM, you'll notice, of course I was out of town anyway for the weekend, you'll notice Wednesday, the Panther fans will still go, I will I be there on Wednesday?
No, will I be there on Friday? No, I'll be there Saturday because the Toronto Maple Usual will be playing
As far in my future plans for the rest of the hockey season, that's the only game I'm playing on the thing too in the foreseeable future
Is one of Lisa here
I'll discuss that at great length
Sorry, Gelly, that's just the way it goes
I refuse to be one of those suck holes
You know, the thing that's amazing, I'm looking in the papers because my mother saved the papers for me for over the weekend
I don't see anything about it, I see a puff piece about Cook Mour who had a year and a half hole in this year, was it a stiff, a disaster?
Did he play here anywhere? Oh no, and a puff piece about, well I hope they can resign like Sylvester, just a bunch of suction, a bunch of puff pieces
A bunch of crap, which is perfect for this town by the way, perfect for our big one communities
No problem, the further maybe Lisa these would have expressed written commission of W2AM, Lisa's body has group incorporated
And, no luck yet, Jim? Now he's still locked in the closet down there
Oh right
You know what I'm cheating on you?
Making a mission
All on the old folks are busy mom
The check in my seat
No they never say things
Just waiting for the early bird special to come
Basing, waking, good or happy
The two for the party they left in a glass
And how they reclaimed that there was a time for this to play
The boss in your home
Let's go in there for
The shelter in life
They get the early bird out time
The person just as hot as the king
And once they are seated
They get overheated
That's the thing rose and sweet love in their face
Waiting away a king and good or happy
Looking for that song lost out on you
How they didn't say and he first followed through the days
Boy!
And end of mine the bruises
You know folks don't know the reason
But nothing is reason
The muscles they cannot keep just don't fit
But what does it matter
When they call up kneeling shadows
I hate you kneeling ever listening to your show
And wasting away a king and good or happy
Just to fuck the matter, I'm using that away from you
How they let say and let it up
Don't close the flame but near no mercy
They can't wait for his show
How they let say and let it up
Don't close the flame
You know they just can't wait for his show
In my ears there's everything some little f up here today
Strange levels and it must be me
Ten, I, ten, and five, sixty, W-A-M
Steven T-Ball is PD Lenny how do you like that?
Wow that may not have significance to too many people are there
But believe you me inside the building
The walls are reverberating
You could plot from it already
So anyway like I said I'm not going to be attending any further Panther Games
Except at least they're here on Saturday
Because why waste the gas?
I get my tickets for free and I live like three minutes away
I'm still not going to be going most of the time
Because why waste the effort?
It would be like going to a restaurant where the food just keeps getting worse
And worse and they throw the food action
They give you a crappy service and they treat you like garbage
And they go out of their way of saying hey nothing's going to change
Well guess what if it ever changes let me know and I'll come back
But in the meantime, to you that's my message
And I would hardly encourage other people to do the same
Why should anybody continue subsidizing barley when the message is well
And nothing's going to change until he's good and ready until he makes his deal
Well in that case we'll be back when you make the deal and hope for something better to come along
Which this isn't it
How could you knock anybody for not going to work to subsidize that crap?
Here's Miramar hello
Hey Neil Glenn
Yes sir
Yeah I called you right before the election and you were hop wrongly because I said I was going to vote with the NRA
And I just wanted to know if you saw the 60 minutes to interview with Dan Ravin and Bill Clinton
All right well let me refresh your memory
Wait a minute wait a minute it's the day after Christmas and all through the house
What do you want to start out to show today on a political note?
Hello
What do you think about that?
I was speaking which obviously you won't pay any attention
I didn't hear a thing that you just said
I didn't say at least five states the NRA was key in deciding the election
Yeah and what about it?
Don't mess with the NRA
Okay good have a great life, asshole
How do you like that?
Glenn from Miramar, another all-time chronic, don't mess with the NRA
Maybe if he wouldn't have had you leave him in on the ticket he would have won
Which I already know that
Which I'm the only person in America who's honest enough to admit that
Nobody else in me is talking about that
I think oh no
Because that closet anti-Semitism out there, it's on American especially at the holidays
Especially in the middle of Hanukkah would be very palatable to be talking about that
Don't mess with the NRA
And Merry Christmas to you two asshole and happy new year
Boy if that isn't the perfect call the day after Christmas
The first call to get us started today
That's it
Here's Hi Alia
Hello
Hey Neil Merry Christmas
Same to you
You're so kind getting worried
Yeah we'll go find something else to play with
Okay there's two wanted two excellent
5667 0560
Count 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
It's a good thing I was going to play crap all day and all week long
Because they got nothing to say anyway
My show's getting kind of boring
And now how will we do for the NRA?
We win the election
And FU
FU and happy holidays
This is the perfect place to be
Not
And you wonder even though it was freezing
I froze my ass off up there this weekend in Toronto
It was 17 below zero but of course that's Celsius
Didn't bother me
It was great like living and breathing people
All with smiles on their face
Having a good time
Had a sensational time
Got away from this toilet
Full of these hostile, negative people
Like I've said before
There's nothing wrong with this town
That a people transplant wouldn't cure
And there's two for two so far
Batting a thousand already
Here's a great poem
From Saturday's New York Times
Green Span at the Bat
By Gary Christ
The outlook wasn't bringing for the Wall Street crowd that morning
The NASDAQ stood at yearly lows
The Dow looked as for Lauren
And then when Cisco slumped again and Micron felt more shocks
A part like silence fell upon all holders of text dogs
A wretched group sold out in fear of further street embolios
The rest hung were single-hope to save their sick portfolios
They thought a holy green span's fed would change its tightening pack
We'd stem our losses bottom out and start a long climb back
But first there came the analyst from Chase and Merrill Lynch
The former was a flagrant bear, the latter was a Grinch
So upon that stricken multitude Grimmel and Cali fell
It seemed that no one on the street knew any word but sell
But then an optimist or two as if from Heaven sent
Did speculator cut was near of 0.25%
And as the midday our approach to the market seems so primed
The Dow was up the NASDAQ too and even send it climbed
And from 5 million shorts and more than rows of rusty plea
It rumbled through the street.com and on CNBC
Relief they cried, we need relief, we're dying of self-pity
And so our eyes did turn once to Chairman L's committee
At 250 in the Fed itself, it stepped up to the bat
Its statement came as always framed in lingua bureaucrat
The experts tried to explicate that Pollock's verbal bounty
Which was obscure and hard to read like folks in Palm Beach County
And when his cameras clicked in word the words were read aloud
The nation stopped and all did watch their heads serenely bowed
For owners of Intel and Son of Dell and Motorola
The author of the steering decree was like an Ayatollah
And even all the journalists from grudge to Tom Costello
Were hanging on the every word of the soft spoken fellow
At first they heard the lovely words, our bias won doing
In placings not the danger now we sessionly be brewing
And then they listened long and hard for the other shoe to drop
For surely if all this was true the discount rate he'd drop
But no there was no other shoe he left it all at that
The message came to loud and clear the Fed was standing pat
No interest cut was in the cards no help no mouth to mouth
And so all stocks from Aida Zeebri zoomed their journey south
All summer in his favorite world of sun was shining bright
The bulls were dreaming of new highs and bears were taking flight
And some more stocks were rising making traders shout
But there was no joy on Wall Street
Alan Greenspan had struck out
All right!
Gary Christen Saturdays New York Times
Outstanding
Nice going Gary baby
Here's a call from Weston, hello
Okay sir
Well I'm sorry you get some you know some scummy colors today
Two of Sauer pushes right off the, they after Christmas though us
Right in the middle of Hanukkah
I agree well I'm glad you're able to get out of town and everything
You know I just want to you know even though you know sports car
You know I'm got to, guys let's know I'm got about the dolphins
They say you know about the time you know how you're going to be 5-11
They say at least you can say something good about the you know
I think in Florida you know with the team
Yeah
They just something I mean you know because all the teams this year were doing bad you know
So anyway at least there's one little you know
Good thing but anyway I hope you have a good you know new years and everything
And I hope you get some good colors
Okay
We're still looking forward I'm going to have a great holidays when I mean
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T
At least we got the dolphins baby
Who squeaked by a grills team yesterday
Squeaked by life of death by a grills team
26 after 10 at 5-60 WQ
We got this horse right here
And two times
Sports radio 5-60 Q-A-M
Florida sucks
Oh I need your love, John
Yes you know it too
I hope you need my love, John
Is this the first time for you?
Oh hold me touch me
You and me bust me
I need my share of love, John
Hey John today
Let me trust you, John
I love you everyday, John
Just look straight out the blind
I think this is my best I get a tight shot of mine
Oh hold me touch me
You and me bust me
I need my share of love, John
Hey John today
Hey John today
It's just a low-wall average
Hey John today
It's just been lost in you pay myself
Oh I need your love, John
This is why it's this week for you
I hope you need my love, John
My house pay me to do
Oh hold me touch me
You and me bust me
I need my share of love, John
Hey John today
Squirt Squirt
Hey John today
To teach my husband how to
Hey John today
It's just a low-wall average
Love me everyday, John
You're always on my side
Make me scream for a page
John just look straight out the blind
Oh hold me touch me
You and me bust me
I need my share of love, John
Hey John today
Hey John today
Hey John today
Hey
All right, 23 and 560
The home of happiness
Here's our poor question for today
The best of Nealtapes
Are my favorite one you'll listen to
Are okay once in a while
Suck
That's the third choice
Three choices for it
The best of Nealtapes
Are my favorite one you'll listen to
Are okay once in a while
Or suck
Put me down for suck
Well that's because you have to work and put them together
You have to do the impossible job of trying to make them sound timely and fresh
And you know when they're about stuff that happens
Just like Glenn from Miramar calling out the box
About hey we won the election
Guess what it's old news asshole
It's old news
Nobody would have brain is throwing on that anymore
Okay, Jackass
Get a life
Loser
Man
Talk about a place and you know something I'm a part of it that's why 25 years I've been here
I feel like part of the world's refuse
I'm right here in the middle of it you can just you can smell it
Here's Helen Dale hello
Yes, I have to take you to pass this morning Neal
Yes, how many times here's you guys sat on deaf one of your own
How many times have you guys sat on WQAM and said that South Florida sports fans only support winning teams
And here you are doing the same thing
It's got nothing to do with winning or losing
So it has to do with making an effort and the organization isn't making any effort to put out a competitive team
It's not like with winning or losing
We've all been through losing years the first two years it was a pathetic or franchise
It was an expansion team we were a patient
Now they're making no effort and they're bragging about it
When he will ready to sell a team and he'll do something and the meantime we can all go to hell
Well what about the Chicago Cubs? How many chair for ten?
They gain how to win and team in 50 years
Mother, thank you, Chicago pal
Go back to Chicago with your phony voice okay
And say hi to Harry when you're there
There's four in a row as we continue searching for intelligent life in South Florida
Five six seven oh five say and give a good kiss to Terry Murray too while you're at it
Yeah that was probably Terry's boyfriend the sound of just like him
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
You know who that sounded like?
Eddie, yeah a little bit like Rich Tender Jr
Here's Miami glad to see you all in a good mood for the holidays, ho
Well he had me all
Yes sir
Actually my listener from Washington to see here for vacation
We're on the show today
I'm so sorry
Yeah glad great
Thanks for listening to you the past couple weeks
I have several issues that I'd like to discuss but
Issues
I've ever listened to a tape for every once in a while
As much as I like George sometimes I can still fail
I guess I will
No wait a minute as much as you like George what gets still
Well as much as I like to listen to George
Yeah
I've ever listened to a tape for every once in a while because sometimes the conversation gets a little off
You mean after the third week on eating ass?
Yeah exactly
Yeah, as much as I enjoy that you know every once in a while after a while is no more
I think one of the problems I don't want to knock George while his on vacation is because he isn't telling he's very sensitive
But the fact is I think that George thinks that the average demographic of the show is like a 17 year old male
We don't have any 17 year old male listening to this program
Yeah
You follow what I'm saying
I think that George sometimes is talking to an audience out there that doesn't exist
Yeah
I could be wrong about that
Yeah
Actually I was calling because after listening to the show a lot of the weeks with the whole stadium issue with the Marlins and whatnot
I was actually going to say he just conversation the other day about the Marlins stadium
Yeah
And I'm actually thinking of ways to money like hopefully every properly thinking person in the Florida
That's you know another stadium just completely way to money
Not only that but it's another back to a deal because we are going to go into the hell yesterday
Lawmakers' block and plan for stadium day delegation members say they were kept in the dark
They didn't know anything about it. Here's another back door deal that Mayor Pinga Picania made with John Henry
And kept everybody else in the dark
Exactly
So of course the person who I was speaking with who to say die hard baseball fan was saying that being that I don't like baseball
I watch baseball I wouldn't know anything about the baseball culture and how that's going to benefit the whole state of Florida by building a new stadium
Oh yeah
When my argument is that those money that are going to be used for this thing should be actually pumpkin through the education
or what he didn't like which is a transportation system in Florida
It's just a total abomination
And then the last thing is the whole airline. Every time I listen to you people call you in a ragging on American Airlines
And I happen to fly American back and forth from DC to Miami
Fortunately quite often
And I have nothing but great, I guess, compliments for them
United actually, you know that
Can't beat their hand grenades man
Yeah, when America, United Airlines, the other hand is just a piece of dirt
Never flown United in my life
Well, you don't want to
The last three times I flown with them it's either been delayed, planes canceled or just no flights whatsoever with no answer
The only good things I've gotten free vouchers for next flight which is again, get canceled
So, well that's been a good luck with your colors today
And hopefully I will have to call it a while
Okay, happy new year too, Tom
Thanks for breaking the string
We finally had like a real living and breathing prison but of course he's from out of town
Speaking of airlines, air Canada
With all due respect to my friend Helen and all my other good friends at air Canada
Air Canada blows
Man, are they raping the public or what?
Now that they got their monopoly, they bought out Canadian air
And just like everybody expected, number one, they were incompetent, they can't get direct together up their prison in Toronto
Number two, they keep jacking up the rate, they're laying off 35,000 employees or whatever the hell the number is
3535,000, 35 million, whatever the hell it is
And the fear is, do you realize that business class from Miami to Toronto
Cost just about as much of the taxes now is flying from Miami to Amsterdam business class on Martin Skier
Did you realize that? Well now you do
And that's food on air Canada
Man, heavy, dirty is what it tastes like
By the way, I'm going to find out about that show
I got to ask on here about that show on Warner Bros
Last night on channel surfing, there's no hockey games on
I'm certainly not going to watch that stupid game you're talking about
The Titans
So about eight o'clock I come across Warner Bros which is channel, I don't know, 33, 39
I have no idea, one of those, U.I. Chapel, which I never watch
And eight o'clock, evidently on Mondays there's a show with the bizarre, everybody's horny on that show
That's my kind of show
And what did I tell you? They're starting to catch on young people high school and like, you know, a little bit older than that
You know, like 23 people playing 18 year olds, things like that
Some pretty interesting people on that show and even the minister who's daddy on the show with their seven kids
Even he's horny and shacks up with the old lady and a motel for the night while the kids are getting laid
Somebody's got to call in and let me know what the name of that show is
Show me yours, I'll show you mine
Oh stand for lunch cause where to see to tell
Oh stand for lunch but turn your upper left
You really hurt, you are trying like her, try to not think of the sole way
We got perfect set fire and white
Oh you can't act like we'd had our week of day
Oh our turning food is smoked spam on weed
Oh stand for lunch we eat the I read the junk yellow
Oh stand for lunch we eat the smoked I read the junk yellow
Oh we read the junk yellow
You know, I have read that in a long time
Yeah, I love that, she played it a lot more
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, you notice I do my tie weight about this Panther organization and about my response to the fact that I'm not participate
And what do I get? I get one word that I got with the phony voice from Helen Dale by way of Chicago gives me a song and the answer about the Cubs and all the Southern Bull crap
I mean you do whatever you want, I can't force you and I have no interest in forcing you but my suggestion is
if you're as pissed off and frustrated as Zion, you stop subsidizing a billionaire who doesn't give a crap about you, who's slapping you in the face
Yeah but we already got our season tickets a big deal
Got my season ticket sitting in a drawer, should be my biggest problem if I don't use some of them
Here's West Palm Beach, hello
Hey, yes sir
I just wanted to tell you that the name of the show is 7th Heaven
Yes, we have several calls
Oh well alright and another thing, you know I just started watching hockey
Yeah
And I just wondered if you could clue me in on what is I think exactly
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Here's our one the other call, here's Hollywood, hello
Hey, me, I already do it
Well, I'd like to talk to you about hockey, I know we are very frustrated
Yeah, huh?
You know who that is don't you?
From Hollywood?
Okay, that's it, that takes care of the calls
And you see, I did not tell you before we started the show today
I was just going to play crap all week because it's holidays
And we weren't going to get any calls
But you know, I never learned my lesson
Never ever learned my lesson
I actually thought I was going to get a response here today
And all I got are the no-wives like that Jackass
Who knows that I'm not going to put him on a year
Knows that I don't want to talk to him
My good friend Glen from Miramar
Long time list of the show for about 100 years
But has to call right in the middle of holidays
To give me a talk about the NRA and they won the election
Man, see I guess if I was stuck here at the holidays
When everybody's supposed to be in a good mood
I'd probably be as bitter and frustrated as a lot of you too
But I'm not because I got out of here for a long three day weekend
I'm pretty happy about it
Even if I am getting the call
I'm probably going to get pneumonia, I don't care
I'm still glad that I went
Like in a real living and breathing city
With the real people
I'm walking down the street, I'm walking from the Eden Center
Back to my hotel on Saturday
And I'm thinking to myself even though there's all the snow on the ground
And it's 80 million below zero
I'm thinking this is a real city
How could anything that goes on here
In this God for second place
How could anything here be confused as being a real city
Which it's not
All you people that keep using all this spin about world class city
And all this other guy, you're not kidding any punny
You have to be a plane with yourselves
You're just trying to be a looge yourself
This is a bunch of disconnected little bedroom towns
With nothing in between
There's no center
Oh we're going to build a stadium in downtown Miami
Guess what? There is no downtown Miami
There's nothing there
Except the Miami freaking hill
And gay side
There's nothing there
And nobody wants to go there
But don't confuse us with the facts
Here's a call in Kendall
Hello
Yes sir
I've got to find out
I've been out of town
What happened to Kelly Craig?
She blew up
Yeah
I just wondered why she's so fat
Tell me because she's eating too much
You'll call her up and ask her why she's so fat
There's another great call for you
What happened to Kelly Craig?
She got fat
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
And Verizon line
Bad mistake, Neil, taking these calls
Bad mistake
Call up the drug dealer
Here's a mobile and sunrise
Hello, we need some good drugs
What is it?
What is it?
I used to live in Detroit and you started trying all the time
That is a great thing
Yes sir
People are not going
And it shows in all the sports
The basketball arena is half empty
I mean they're pricing themselves to the point where
Well they're pricing themselves out of business
Plus the fact is with the panthers
When they're going out of their way to slap people in the face and say
We're not going to make any changes
They played 35 games and they have six wins
And I'm the only one in this town that's apoplectic
And having an over-spray count and saying
Let's stop supporting this crap
Well you're the only one that has the big voice
But people are a voice and by not going
I haven't gone only one since this year
You know every five or six games that you usually go
But I'm not going to spend the money
Well they're putting out there
I wouldn't wish on Hitler
I'll put it there right now
This father's tiger woods, at least whatever he's accomplished
He's done it himself
That's right
You know, so whether you like him or not
Or whatever the guy happens to be great what he does
I mean I would compare that
To make a comparison that A-rod is to baseball
What tiger woods is to golf
I mean Hank must have been doing magic mushrooms that day
I don't know why he felt compelled to suck Scott Boros' ass
I mean here's a guy who brings nothing to the table but greed
That's the only thing that all these agents are bringing his greed
They're destroying professional sports
And we got to suck his ass on the year I don't get it
I don't know, as a kid I loved baseball
I'll tell you what was my hero
My dad worked overtime to get me a Wilson autograph, leather mitt
But I just can't do baseball anymore
It's a shame
If they paid me by the picture I wouldn't go there
No, it's a shame
Okay, pal, good luck
Have a nice new year
And have a same to you
See there's a good guy, have a nice new year
Here's enough to send his very best day
Some of you other sourpuses out there
You're trying to prove my point
What this town's all about, Misery loves company
We're miserable
We're angry, we're angry, we're here
And we want you to be just as miserable
Well guess what, I won't
Because I got a big fat check I'm putting into bank this afternoon
About 215, okay?
So you guys
With your stupid idiotic calls
This is Glenn from Miramar
And the inner ray is going to blow your ass off
Yeah, don't shoot yourself in the foot Glenn
Out there in the Everglades
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon
And happy new year for more of your friends at QAM by the way
Talking, it's not even 11 o'clock yet
Now was I in a pretty good mood when I came in here this morning
You walked in the door?
Great move
Yeah, I was in a tremendous mood
I was happy, you know, maybe a little scratchy throat
What do you want after 20 below zero weekend?
Don't bother me
Who has made the comment here today?
There's no such thing as bad weather
There's just being underdressed
Yeah, that's right
Just being underdressed for the weather, whatever it is
Here's a mobile and coconut grease, hello
Hello?
Yes sir
This is coconut oil, not coconut crepe
Oh wow, whatever
First time on time, Neil
And you are absolutely correct sir
Anybody who thinks that this is a leader going to live in breathing place
Just listen to your show this morning
And look what's gone on here in the last couple of months
Yeah, I'm not in coconut oil
And that's supposed to be a place that occasionally is living in breathing people
I go to the taunts for lunch on the Matinee day
And there are all the blue hairs there
And one of them I swear
That's the meal, that's the meal
She takes out tinfoil
From her purse
She brought with her to take a doggy that way
She's a rapper
I think it's like it's my entire life
Yeah, the rapper is down here
She brought her own tinfoil
And you know, people are another thing that totally changes the subject
A lot of people talk about how the athletes of today have changed the sports
But the owners have too
I mean you have jackasses like Daniel Snyder and Jerry Jones
And you've got Baldi who successfully wound one franchise down here
And is well on his way to destroying another one
I hope that Baldi gets a tumor inside his property size of a bone ball
I really do
I mean I can't dig into putting the words how I despise that Creighton
Well you go kind of the only answer to getting any change in this kind of thing
It's just like with anything else
So you have to actually get up your can and do it
And you know, with sports it's don't give him your money
That's what they want and you can't give it to him
I hope that when they play the flyers on Wednesday
I hope that places a ghost town
Well, you know, you know the south Florida sportsman as well as anybody
I'm surprised that people are showing up now
But if this continues next year, I mean forget it
There will be anybody
Everybody will have their own private hot dog
They'll have their own dollar or holler
Yeah, okay, yeah, have a good one
Happy holidays
And back to you
Happy New Year
You know, you're everybody wearing a good mood over here
Even though some of you out there need some serious mental health
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
Here's Lake Woolworth, hello
Good afternoon
Good evening
Good morning, New York
When is this?
I don't know why, well, that's the place I know
I know you're not shocked but I don't know why you expect today to be any different when you came back
Today's call is absolutely a microcosm of what you have down here in this
Warhorse Su-3, 3 Latin American
State we live in
We get the kid who's over there in Highly with his brother
Who makes the crank calls every day about the show is getting boring
That's it, that's the first of his 20 calls today
Then we get Andy from Hollywood who's banned from the show who starts out
Hey, how you doing?
Like I'm really going to talk to him
Who's a chronic pain in the ass in a piece of dirt
That's all we got that's left here I guess
I'm real happy that the living and breathing people got out of here for the holidays
Congratulations to them
Do you think there's any chance that people might get upset or what you're saying about the panthers
When they can't get upset over the fact that they've had these banana public officials like Finger-Picking
Yeah, it's something that I'd wait for so long
And you mentioned that because I was listening to myself on that best of paper driving home from the year 4 yesterday
And I'm thinking to myself what am I talking about about the textbooks and about schools?
The public here doesn't care about those things
If they did care about them we wouldn't have the problems that we got
People here don't care about education who are my kidding
It's funny I'm hoping that we can see a nice reaction today for the talk about the panthers
And then in a few miles we can get into second subject
Why don't we just take their heart state in our country instead of worrying about sports
And subsidizing like you said, doing this was going to last behind
When those guys could panic check to any one of a dozen schools
Any day before Christmas or the end of this year, cut themselves a tax break
But you think they'll do it? No chance
They'll buy themselves a big, they'll have a plane chartered and take 20 of their friends on a million-five trip
And so everybody can brag about it so people they work for
It's just amazing how sad it is and the worst part about it is at least in the old days
At least the old days you knew it was just temporary season
You could line up and know he was going to
Now you don't know, you got Hank Kiss and Scott Borgeth which is
That was the most disgusting thing I've ever heard on a radio in my life
That was just unbelievable
A week ago I was in the fall and made my weekly call
And last week it was the Hank and it was after I saw many remeerers by his contract
And I mentioned Hank the fact that the sound of the hill here with many remeerers
It was the holiday and it would be the change as he scooped it off the table
So the maid came and he got a buck for the day
And these guys are out there and Scott Borgeth is pissed
And Hank's pissed in his reel of this guy is, this guy is supposed to be an accursed George W. Bush
I was doing it trying to stick it to everybody and not care what happens to you or anyone else
And I forget about the guy who's, forget about the 20 to 29 year old guy who's got a son or a daughter that's eight or nine now
He wants to go and take him to some professional sporting events
He can't do it unless he saves up from them
I guess the things that changed maybe we're all supposed to be in the ass sucking business now
Have a great day pal, happy new year for it, hang in there
1056 at your ass sucking headquarters QAM
This is 560 QAM
430-560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale
A feasely broadcast group station
wwwQAM.com for the world
What an embarrassment
What a joke
You made me cry
What I saw on the news is hard to believe my conversation just made my least memories of weirdo
I guess that I don't understand
Though she won't amen
The sky is over no fun away
The guy ain't like you and me
He ain't got no dinky
What I just cannot turn my head
I really think you're gay
Well, my stomach's hurting
Is a girl in man with a plastic nose
Brother France is round in a panic hole
She's a weirdo
Get over here
Well now be in there and be so bad
Cause he won't ever get to call me dead
He's on killin'
I don't blame you all
Whether I owe 2 at 560 WQAM happy holidays from your happy friends you at QAM
If you're unhappy, well you know 2 bad go get lead do something
Here's a schedule change from one of our chronics the Elite Pittsburgh game on Wednesdays been moved from 7 to 7 30
So that ESPN will be carrying it instead of ESPN 2 because it's a big deal
Now CBC got real lucky eh?
Not that anybody down here cares about that
I just mention that in passing if you have a big dish only even in the small dish
They originally were scheduled
They scheduled Elite Pittsburgh game like for the holidays
They never carry a midweek game do they?
No, only hockey nut in Canada on Saturday
But they had that game scheduled and with their luck
Luck at the Irish since John Shannon got fired
Good World boys
They're carrying that game on Wednesday night on CBC
With Bob Cole and Heronio from Pittsburgh
Somebody slap Bob in the back and wake him up a little bit
Okay, should be pretty interesting game with Mario coming back
Anybody know who Mario is?
No, no, Mario the Baker
Well speaking that Joe wants food what a surprise
See when Joe is on here all week we got to eat
Fine with me, I'm ready
I took my diuretic yesterday and peed out about 5 pounds
I'm ready for a little something
Feed a cord and starve a fever not that I have a cold yet
I got a scratch each other
I mentioned that because I know my mother is listening
What's wrong with you?
You go up there it's freezing it's below zero
Yeah it's below zero Celsius
See she don't know from Celsius in Fahrenheit
So she knew that when I got into cab early yesterday morning
And Toronto the cab driver said because they have you know on the signs
It'll show you what the temperature allegedly is outside
On all the big good words and sounds it said minus 17
17 below zero Celsius
Which is about I don't know 9010 degrees
For less
Fahrenheit
And other words it was definitely cool
So what do you want? What are we going to get?
Not those greasy sandwiches
Whatever you think I
I got to get that thing off the roll
That's amazing
One moment please
Now this is the best
See I had forgotten about this other letter
And Lauren behold we were talking about the peat Lenny letter from the last week
And on the back on the bulletin board we had stuck this one from months ago
From a phonia name Stephen B. Teebo
Who's the same asshole they wrote the peat Lenny letter
But you got a hand to whoever wrote these letters
These are great
A shorthole of fart noises and belches from eating fat-filled cold-cut sandwiches
Wouldn't be hit anywhere but a crap house like this
What an excellent I mean the verbiage the phrasing the
Just the whole mentality behind this is fantastic
Not the course to mention the hate which fits in perfect in this not
Like a glove
Well I don't know what he had in mind
What choices do we have?
Tonies is always good
Call up Tonies get a whole bunch of peaches and some stuff whatever you like whatever makes you happy
Call up our good friend Brad Attonies
Just don't tell me it's JP calling
Oh
Now he did mention that I told you that at pizza lot there night didn't I?
Yes
Well there was a message from JP on my answering machine last week
Never called back though
Never called back to say that he's here and he's writing whatever and that's okay
Because I got seventh heaven on water brothers not to watch
It's not as good as having JP in person like you know writing the palm of your hand so to speak
That's a good show I mean it's not a good show but it's got some hot people on it
Whatever you like it's on there and if you live here in the old fights even mommy and daddy there
Even a preacher in his wife they're horny everybody on a show is horny
Even a little kid down there they're horny everybody on water brothers wants to do it sold
Yeah my kind of show
So who the hell needs to go out and watch some stupid hockey game when you can watch that
Here's a mobile and lake worth hello
Neil yeah I've every right to be full of piston vinegar this morning
Yeah okay
Yeah I just wanted to tell you I was back in Toronto a couple months ago probably back in March or April
Yeah
And for the first time what a great city clean
We ate in the sea and tower watching over the lake just had a wonderful time
Yeah and even though there was no one around it it was colder than hell
There's all these millions of people downtown because it's Christmas time and it was great
I had a tremendous time I had me go with the pickle barrel there
I had some they give you enough enough meatloaf there to build a mountain with it was tremendous
We were riding on the street cars for entertainment because we were there for business
But had a great time and then took a ride over to Niagara Falls
Every day of everything to offer and it's clean
The people are decently nice everybody
Right, very nice
It's language it's wonderful
Neil can I suck around for taking my nephew to one of the hockey games that you're not going to?
Can I explain something to you?
Yes sir
You see one of the reasons that I'm not going is to express my dismay and discontent
And the best way to do that is to have empty seats
I'm with you on that because I would stamp a bay lighting fan for a long time
So the answer is no
5, 6, 7, 8, 5 can you yes you can't believe it
Why do I keep saying can you believe that of course?
All I have to do is here is a guy that calls, that's gonna give me a big son that answer about
Because I was just in Toronto for the weekend which isn't really all that important to anybody else except me
But oh it's so great and you're right yeah, that's sucking my ass
And what does he want he hears he gets the drift that I'm not going to some games can he have the tickets
That this place will never change.
Free loaders and losers.
That's what this town specializes in.
Free loaders and losers.
Look at me and Joe.
We're getting free lunch right now.
It goes on the phone right now.
They're going to be on in two seconds.
Getting free lunch.
The least we're honest about it.
We admit it.
We're free loaders and we're losers.
Because we're here.
And proud of it.
Can you have the frickin' tickets?
No.
No, you can't have the frickin' tickets.
Who was that?
It was Miguel.
He's also a free loader and a loser.
Miguel, he's not a loser.
He only wants food.
Not yet.
Oh, that's right.
He wants some free food.
That's right.
He is a free loader.
Why doesn't he give me a total of respects by the way?
So we can wrap up our plan, parenthood.
Which was it?
It was after this year?
Disaster.
Okay.
What?
I'll get it.
No, not tonight.
You I'm talking about Miguel.
He's listening in there.
He's the one.
He's not listening.
Radio Mambe this hour.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Happy New Year, baby.
Yeah, he'll take care of it, he said.
He's got to stop on it.
And the project, project 2.
Yeah, you're right, Neil.
That's a wow, it's a great city.
We went there and we got on a street car.
They got on a street car.
And by the way, how about those tickets?
I'm surprised we haven't any women free loaders yet.
Asked for my tickets.
Maybe that book of it will be called enough.
How can we take your seats?
In fact, what I ought to do is make sure I send a message over to the Oscars to make sure that nobody puts their asses in my seat.
Those games when I'm not going to be there like Wednesday and Friday.
Because the purpose of the protest is that the seats are empty.
Empty.
So that the place looks like a ghost town.
So that maybe some of us make a statement like we're not putting up with this crap anymore.
Like our patience is running out.
Like we're sick and tired of subsidizing garbage and being slapped in the face.
Six wins.
And we're supposed to sit around and wait till it's expedient for Wayne until the sale gets done.
Guess what Wayne?
That's for you, sweetheart.
You bald-headed son of a bitch.
Yeah, that's right.
He's a bald-headed rotten son of a bitch is what he is.
He's the son of a bitch who stole Christmas, New Year, Hanukkah, poor and ant's circus. How do you like that?
And like I said, I hope that he gets a goddamn tumor the size of Mount Rushmore.
This is 560 QAX.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
A-hole, A-hole.
Yeah.
That way I think of such an A-hole.
He of that manage that creature.
Because he wouldn't take a shower with a Goldberg.
A-hole, A-hole.
You turn each way, hyzing a stretch and asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe a Bron.
What's that?
He's pounding on the earth.
A-hole, A-hole.
He's a quick potential A-hole.
He only thinks there is love to save his property.
Try it all way.
Yeah, don't take too long, Farley. We hate you. We like poison.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Jersey Lambie speaking of idiots.
With his little Santa cap on in the paper over the weekend.
You win some and lose some in land of birthfaces.
If I'm making as much money as Jersey Lambie keeps writing the newspaper,
I ought to be able to be retired by the end of the week.
Every column that keeps getting up a little higher says it was a prosperous year for some radio talk,
Mr. Neal Rogers contract with WQM was extended to 2004.
Each year he'll be paid nearly $1.5 million with...
Oi!
Yeah, he's got Oi written out.
Five months of vacation a year.
One and a half million a year now I'm up to it.
Stay tuned for next week's column. I'll be up to three million.
Yeah.
Nice going, Josie.
560.560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
On a great Tuesday, man, you can feel it.
Can you smell it from this crowd?
Piled of the ceiling in North to charge.
How does that survey come to Neal?
The best of Neal tapes 59 votes so far.
Suck 22.
I'll work here once in a while, 21.
My favorite when Neal is in there, 16.
And that's inconclusive at best.
But suck leads the way.
Okay, mention that.
Very loudly.
Suck leads the way those best of Neal tapes suck.
They're outdated.
They're outmoded.
They bro.
Who the hell in their right mind is going to listen to a tape of somebody talking about stuff that happened weeks ago or months ago or years ago?
Let's hear about alien in the pulps.
Oww!
One more time.
Just in case you missed it the first 80,000 times.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Happy Comic Amoeil.
Back to you.
Hey, listen, about that guy that wanted to take it to town that plenty of hell will go by so.
Right, exactly.
All he wants.
I got one thing I'd like to share with you.
Uh-huh.
I was listening to NPR last week and had a guy on him.
What you say about this being a bunch of disconnected little bedroom towns is absolutely correct, sir.
But what happens recently is the three counties, Dave Woward and Palm Beach, have finally come together to form a planning commission.
And they're looking at doing things like creating a new expressway along US one with all the towns they're going to freak out about.
Yeah.
They're talking about growth happening in the next 20 years of 1.8 million people here.
And if they don't do something about it, we're going to take trouble.
But the good news is, and I notice it's hard to believe that three counties have actually come together and did a sit-down to talk about these things.
Or whether anything comes of that, you're probably not knowing this.
Yeah, probably like the old sports authority.
Remember that lasted for about five minutes?
Well, you know, at least it was encouraging to hear that they're finally looking ahead a little bit.
Yeah.
And trying to figure out something to make it better instead of watching it so much worse.
You know, but you definitely got your finger on the pulse.
And thanks for letting me go.
Okay, I'm still looking forward.
Have a rate they say the pulse that is 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Anybody see a pulse?
No.
I can't smell it.
I can't feel one.
Thanks, I'm American, what you're doing.
You're always talking about not supporting a little bit of something, but that guy from Hellendale, he was my favorite.
Maybe of the year.
Even with the full-length voice.
You missed his calls off the air.
They were even better.
Really?
Saying what?
He yelled at me that you were a big hypocrite and then hung up in my face.
And then called back and apologized for doing it.
Really?
Yeah, he said he shouldn't take it out on me.
Yeah, apparently it sound like Sunny Rosenberg to me, or maybe his boyfriend, RJ Intendolo over there in Hellendale, with all those losers.
Losers, losers, or decaying, decrepit, losers, with a lot of goddamn toe jam.
Maybe their bag is overflowing.
You know how Santa's bag is overflowing this time of the year, at least before he came down to chimney?
And all your little kids out there, don't ever come down to chimney.
Score, score.
Bad for your health or over is at the bottom.
A lot of stuff going around.
Here's a mobile and wife's palm.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, you know, I have to call to agree with you.
I don't know what's up with these sports holes in the morning and in the afternoon.
Challenge some of these owners and players that they're talking to.
You know, give them a good remit once in a while.
What are they going to do?
These players and these owners are not going to call the show, these coaches.
All they want to do is shut the show for 100 mile radius.
Yeah, now they want to do a suck ass.
I mean, the suck and sound is not in Mexico.
It's a QIM and Miami.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, there is no life whatsoever.
Radio is dead.
The federal government let clear channels kill it.
There's no local radio anymore.
You're the only bright spot from 10 to 2, you know, 150 mile radius.
And don't put it stuck in.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
I just don't know what to do anymore.
I mean, it's not.
Okay, pal.
Good luck to you.
All right.
Say hi to the search party.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And I know all the excuses.
Well, we already got our tickets because I remember years ago.
I tried to do the same thing back when we had the no BM and stuff going on.
And they all wanted those free buttons.
That was very popular.
But you know, there's a group of people who come up.
There's about a half a dozen people they like to come up and say hi to me before.
And it's become very ponderous because it's always the same discussion.
And it's getting old.
You know, it's the same bitch class.
No, but we're going to do it in Terry and be in.
I'm tired of it.
It's not entertaining anymore.
It's not interesting.
It's, it's massacism.
That's all it is.
There's no point in being there.
When somebody tells you that they're not going to do anything until they're good and ready.
When it's financially expedient for them to make some kind of a deal.
And they're going to continue putting the same drug out there over and over again.
And just keep coming and sucking it all up.
The answer is no.
No, thank you.
God.
How stupid and how lifeless can we people be to keep going back from old punishment?
And I'm just not going to be one of those people who's going to do it.
I've had enough.
I'll go there on Saturday to see my team come into town.
Hopefully they'll show up.
They finally played a game this last Saturday after taking a couple days off.
Whether they do or not, at least I'll enjoy seeing them.
But this product that they're putting out there, they ought to have a refund window after the last couple of months.
They ought to be giving a refunds out just to try to pacify some people to come back again.
And some of you are so stupid and such massacists and such no life, you keep showing up over and over again.
How much crap did they have to put out there before you finally say no thanks.
I'm not even going to waste 50 cent gas money to come and see this.
Even with free tickets, Joe.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, my name is Andre.
I listen to you every day.
Uh-huh.
You got a great show.
Yeah.
So I got to call one a day like this one.
I got the day off.
I always love to go out of town.
And they want to come back as soon as you hit Miami Airport and you land.
They're pushing the cloud.
Yeah.
That comes over you.
A dark cloud.
You just can't believe it.
I agree with most of the stuff that you talk about every day.
And I tell you, I work.
The type of work I do.
I work at John Henry's house.
You have to put booties on to go into his house.
He has a Harley in front as you walk in.
Yeah.
He's made out of wood.
This thing is probably $25,000.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
I must be nuts.
I'm telling you, I work in the interior design field and I've worked in this house.
He has armed guards around the house.
You can't infiltrate the building.
It's in a very exclusive community in Bolton called Lealack.
Why not?
Lealack, L-E-L-A-C.
You can't get in there.
All the big wiggers.
That's where they live.
The big wingers, yeah.
They got the, you know, big time homes and stuff.
But I wouldn't pay to go to any, I used to go to the games before.
But I stopped going because there's bombs when you get the park and walk.
But American Airlines Arena.
Or if you go to the stadium, Jo Rabi, parking, 10, 15 bucks.
20 bucks, yeah.
Okay, well, good luck, Yadda.
I have a happy new year.
You're killing me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And don't step on those booties.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of town line is open, of course.
Out of town line, how about those assholes?
I mean, those are good folks over there in Fort Myers.
How are they doing?
877-785-6345.
I'm not really sure whose worse off.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is that me?
That's you.
How you doing, the...
I'm here.
Same to you.
I'm a first time call-a-long time loser.
Uh-huh.
Because I've lived here for 45 years.
Yeah.
But I got something for you on your favorite subject.
The exorcist.
They had a show on the public service station at a West Palm.
Uh-huh.
About the exorcist that it was true.
It was actually a true story.
Yeah.
And they had an interview with the guy.
He wasn't a priest at the exorcism.
Uh-huh.
He was a deacon.
And he was still alive.
And they interviewed him.
Was it Deacon Dolson?
Oh, I'm not sure.
Okay.
But he was still alive.
And they had him interviewed.
And then they had a counter with the woman who was like a psychologist or psychiatrist or something.
Yeah.
And everything that he said about the mark of the double beam on his skin.
It was all psychosomatic.
And anyway, she had a good comeback to everything that happened in the night.
Yeah.
Anyway, if you would get the tape, they said at the end of the show, call the station.
And then send you a tape.
You would love it.
I mean, I was watching and saying, oh my God.
New was like, oh my God, Christ, come tell us you.
There you go.
It was great.
Anyway, have a happy new year.
Okay, watch where you spray that holy water, pal.
Okay.
Okay, have a good life.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
That's my favorite subject is the exercise.
Why?
You have to know all the boys on a Catholic channel.
No, can't do it.
5667-0560, it really is sad.
Those poor, homeless people up north, you know, sitting out there on the young street with their little cup.
I was just freezing the death in the snow and the ice.
It's very soon changed.
Mystic, it's really kind of sad to walk by those people.
And not even give them like a loony or a nothing.
What?
You don't even give them anything.
Nothing.
Wow.
Zero.
You know what it's like?
It's like an addiction.
Once you start, it's like a bad habit.
Once you start doing that, you can't stop.
I recently quit.
And then by the time you got to the end, if you were like walking, of course that's the longest street in the world.
But if you were walking, walking to you from Bloor Street, which is, well, you wouldn't know where it is.
Let's say to the footy young street, which is a couple of miles.
You'd be broke by the time you got to the lake.
By the time you got to the sky dome.
5.670560, pound 5.60.
I'm sorry.
I'm not that I'm tight.
You know that I'm not cheap.
It's not that I'm hard-ass, but I just don't give money to, I used to.
I used to do it.
You know, spare some change, Mystic.
But it just reaches the point.
There's so many slippers out there between Amsterdam and between there and here and everywhere.
I just can't do it.
Here you get accosted by sparks around every street corner now.
They got some scum going.
And now they're handing out those homeless newspapers.
And I keep thinking to myself, if you could afford to print that newspaper, why not take the money it costs to print the newspaper and go buy a sandwich with it?
Or a cup of coffee?
Or a couple of beers, something?
And those guys are pushing.
You know?
They knock on your window.
And I mean, for all the money that they're printing that newspaper, where they could be over here buying drugs.
Here at QAM.
Yeah, we're going to be talking about that today.
Anybody out there named any good weed for the holidays?
26 past 11 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 160 QAM.
You're five.
That's it, ain't I?
CBS.
Eat it.
It's back from the dead.
If that's 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Oh, looky, Jeff.
If it ain't John Delewee.
Daddy, don't be such a coward.
Now, what ever happened to my little girl?
Look at you.
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe you have a salad once in a while.
Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal?
Again with the charity Spirot, me.
Well, it's true.
So, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast?
I could only guess what they said.
Did it touch you?
It was pushing up the egg, you know.
Oh, now watch me.
The last episode was full of the entries.
It seems so bad to me.
Well, who is it back there, Rita?
Who's today offing and giving me another beer?
I'm not offing.
Like, wanting a family, a career, all in the family.
Better than I'd own CBS.
Wrap you by IBS Homecoming School, where you can learn auto mechanics, gun repair, all that you can do is double pay.
You know, that's the first time I ever noticed when she said IBS at the Ring of Bell.
1130, maybe Kelly Craig is eating some of Sally's brothers leftovers.
Maybe that's the problem, Kelly.
1130 at 560 WQAM 56070560, pound 560 on an AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody want those free hockey tickets?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sporting events in South Florida.
First of all, football.
I haven't been to a dolphin game in about six years.
It just became too bad with the drunks and the flights.
Amen. I did exactly the same.
I mean, I don't know what's going on there now.
And the other thing is, you know, stuff's going on all around you.
And, you know, some guys, you know, schools is beer on me or starts messing with me.
The inclination is to just kick them in the nuts.
But the tension is so thick there or was that, you know, the cops and those security people,
you just, you know, make the wrong move and you'll find yourself in handcuffs real quick.
They don't ask many questions.
They'll make you sort it out with a judge down there.
It just became too ridiculous.
And since I found flybler, dog track, that's the breath.
You don't even have to be a football fan.
All those gamblers in there between the dog races on TV and all the football games on TV.
They're all running around tearing their hair out of the circle.
Now, see, Hank's doing a short flybler days, no matter if fact, plenty of you should mention that.
Well, it's not much as bad as much going on.
But when you get the football and the dog race is being simulcastically,
and about 20 payphones up there that you can code use, that's the show and itself.
I guess I'm not a hockey fan and I don't go to hockey games right there.
But it seems to me that they're in the pretty much the same situation as the heat.
Down here, you can see on TV those empty seats.
First of all, if you buy a ticket at upstairs, even if it's the lower part of the upstairs,
it's like watching from a 747 in that place.
I don't know if you've ever been there.
But if you want to actually see the game, you've got to get a $60 ticket.
But the thing is, if you want to go, don't run out and buy tickets at the gate.
There's so many people down there with extra tickets.
I never pay $20 more than $20 for a $60 ticket.
There's a big distinction between the two things.
Not that I care about the NBA or about the heat.
But the fact is that, you know, Alonzo Morning had the kidney ailment
and he's got a Mr. Seasman who knows if he was ever going to play again all that business.
That's something that was beyond their control.
It wasn't that they weren't willing to spend the money to put a good product out there.
But with the Panthers, they've got a lack of talent that's glowing at best.
They've made all kinds of mistakes in management.
And instead of firing the general manager, the coach, both of them putting them on a bus,
making some kind of a move, the fans are supposed to sit back
and what they keep telling us is, well, Wayne is trying to sell a team.
And when he makes a deal, then they make some moves.
Well, that could happen now.
It could happen in too much.
It could happen at the end of the season.
That's like slapping people in the face.
It's like saying that Wayne doesn't really care.
What kind of product he puts out there.
But he expects you to continue to subsidize it.
And the answer has got to be no.
Yeah, I can understand that.
He plays 35 games and they have six wins.
They couldn't win a fixed game.
And people are supposed to subsidize this.
Yeah, I can see where it's now.
You don't want anybody to go out of protest.
Sure.
Yeah, like the situation in the basketball, you know,
a lot of people that are staying away that won't go if they just go
and try to pick up a ticket.
And they're selling.
Even though you have to start selling some of their $60 seats for $30.
Yeah.
Just to get people.
Of course, when the Lakers came, it was pretty much packed.
I didn't even bother.
It all goes back to greed again.
If they're going to have to keep building new stadiums and new arenas
so that the fans have to keep paying wild prices to pay these over and play
to athletes and their agents, then guess what?
People are going to stop going.
And they have.
I hope so, but they keep selling.
I don't understand how people can go out and buy season tickets.
When you know you're not going to go to most of the games, I mean,
I didn't realize that.
Corporations, you're forgetting still a lot of that is corporate crap.
Yeah, there's a lot of corporate stuff.
But I don't know where it's going to end.
But if they end up building this baseball stadium downtown, hopefully they won't.
But if they do, I'm not going to be for a bleacher seat $25.
It's going to be like the Yankees.
Let me just do that.
Yeah.
I'd like to ask Pound.
Thanks, man.
$5670560, Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
87 votes on our pool today.
That total is a way down because there's nobody in town, obviously.
That's the Neil Taves suck winning in a very tight contest.
33 people say they suck.
I voted for suck.
They're OK once in a while.
31.
They're my favorite when Neil isn't there only 23.
Should I say only 23 or 23 in a bircingly?
Pretty in bircing.
Here's a lady in Duelow.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, I'm Ryan.
You just touched upon something that I actually called about a half an hour ago about the fact that these owners really don't care about the sports fans.
They only care about the corporate seats.
Once they've sold out all those corporate seats in the sky boxes, they've got enough money that they don't care about the rest of us.
Well, then if they got enough money, then what do they eat my money for?
Or anybody else that would be thankful to you?
They ain't getting my money anymore.
I'm sure.
But there's one thing I want to say.
You know, and this is not faking up, it's just the truth, OK?
In your lifetime, you've raised over a million dollars for charity.
I'm sure.
I'm sure as hell wouldn't feel bad about not giving a couple of pennies here and there.
Oh, no, I don't feel bad about it.
Good.
No.
Because there are so many of these poor people out there in the fact that the cities, for example, Toronto, which is a very wealthy city, would a lot of tremendously wealthy people who live there, they just haven't made it a priority.
They just, I mean, it's always a big issue up there and they're always having protest and an ongoing thing.
There's no reason why people have to be out on the streets, especially in the wintertime freezing their asses off.
It's not acceptable.
That's right.
You know what I do?
There's this product line called Top Shelf.
It's meal thought, basically you can keep in your car.
And I give them, you know, when I see them at your begging, I'll give them food.
You have to cook that in a microwave, or the other day.
No, no. The Top Shelf, you can eat, you can just pour it off and eat it right there.
Oh, oh!
You have to be kidding me. I used to buy those in the supermarket, even in a microwave they were ranked.
Yeah, but you know what, if you're hungry.
Yeah, you're right.
Let them eat Top Shelf. Good point.
Well, you know what? No, seriously, you're really that hungry.
And if you don't want it and you throw it away, who cares? You know, at least I feel good about me.
At least give them a little sternal with it or something.
You're not going to lie. Have a great holiday.
Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
What? I sure hope Tony gets here soon.
Have you ever had Top Shelf?
No. They can't have it used to do this about that. That thing goes back years ago.
And they're like, they're okay. They're in boxes.
And you put them into my crib. They have like a lasagna and they have spaghetti.
They're only about four or five different kinds, I think.
I've given homeless people money, food, the happiest ever. It was last Thursday.
I gave them a full jack-and-cook. He was crazy. He really.
He's very excited.
Woo! Boy.
Now how about drugs?
I don't know what to get him.
How about, um, eggnog?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You know, I want to make a statement to our sales department, okay?
And this message is very serious.
They're becoming up here in these studios and the new graduate studios,
ricking the buy drugs, okay?
That's my message to our sales department all over this building.
I find it so demeaning and so grotesque that there are people
from our sales department from the sports fields.
People I don't want to make some known names, but people all over this building
come running around here thinking that we're like a bunch of drug peddlers up here
and we're not.
No, I said, we're not.
Are we?
Here's a mobile and a Wilton Mannor. Hello?
Hi, yes.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't know. Maybe it might be your fault that the pants is a losin'.
Yeah.
Hi, the head Mrs. Bob, you're the best pants of sweater for you.
Have you been wearing them?
What are you talking about, sir?
That I gave you a sweater, a pants of sweater down here at the Seminole Reservation.
Yeah.
Have you been wearing it today?
Yeah, I'm wearing it right now, yeah.
Good. Well, that's probably it.
Yeah, okay, thanks. Thanks for the good news.
Oh, God, like I said, the lifeless, the desperate, these people aren't homeless.
They're beyond homeless. They're lifeless.
This is 560 QAF.
Yeah, I had no life.
You've been the deep dark jungler of Washington.
See, this one man, his way to the top of the political food chain.
Arm, the cane.
The lion king.
Arm, don't believe something about the insurances.
Really?
Walt Disney Productions combined 60 years of cartoon mastery for two years of political ineffitude.
To give you a story, we know all too well.
Now, if there's going to be an effigy, say everybody.
Well, the lion king would music by Elton John, same old song and dance by Bill Clinton.
There was nothing to walk in by water or bones.
It didn't show it really off the Paula Jones.
Bill Clinton is the lion king.
Shary Tosy by Andy Wadjon.
But he never got in his arms.
The lion king.
It's the story of love and power, starting Bill Clinton.
It's his word against the entire world.
So who are you going to believe?
He's the lion!
Coming soon to a press conference near here.
David Beans.
So you know the estate.
Double T till noon at 5.50 W.
Thanks for our good buddy Brad over at Tony's Pizza at 190 second North-West Second Avenue.
Pizza just keeps getting better and better and better.
I'm not eating the crust for those who are keeping track.
Not that it's any of your business.
It's also any of your business that Greg Reed who obviously don't listen to this show.
Guess what he just brings me here to give away.
Here are front row seats for the Leafs Panther game on Saturday.
Front row right up against the glass in section 133.
Now you want these?
Because if I would have said I'll give him the Joe he wouldn't have given them to me.
Because for some reason he doesn't want you to get any freebies.
The only one that's supposed to get freebies was Sam and he's not here anymore.
I'm not sure I can use them.
Oh, I do have friends who would definitely use them though.
Oh, let's just torment the audience with them for a couple hours.
Because I enjoy doing that a lot.
Especially after that free loading back to the call before.
They're just sitting out there waiting to find.
We got a couple of pieces of pizza here that we may not be able to eat because that
branched it over a whole bunch of pizza.
Anybody out there wants some free pizza?
How about the crust?
We'll just throw it out the window here and you can come out on the 441 and search for crust.
We can just look in your underwear.
Unregistered voters cast ballots and they I'm not going to talk about this.
I just mentioned it in passing.
Dead guy.
Here's a dead Haitian he voted.
And a whole bunch of other people that know business.
144 day Harold examined ballots in just 138 of date county 617 precincts.
And they found 144 ineligible voters had been allowed to sign into polls where they weren't even registered.
Including we got another dead guy that voted in dead county.
And you think that we're just like I told the guy on that tape the other day and like I've been trying to tell you people over and over again on tape off tape live recorded.
You're never going to know.
So what's the point of getting all vent out of shape about it?
There's got to be a better system as in doing it right in this banana republic.
Let's start doing it right.
What do you say?
No.
Or at least putting on an act pretending that we're doing it right.
Oh no.
Let's just keep counting and counting.
I say let's cut the crap.
The only thing we're counting is all the money we're losing which was to be as negative again today.
Not big, not bad.
Don't talk about stocks.
The audience don't want to hear you talk about stocks.
Okay.
Anybody want these leaf tickets?
Now maybe what I'll do.
Maybe I'll just go and we'll move you on down here and I'll take these seats out.
Although 133 that must be on the other side.
It must be.
Because 101 I think the next one to me is 134.
So must be on the other side.
That's good.
I can go over there and say hello to Howard Kleinberg and his wife.
Anybody else I know over on the other side?
There probably be at least what?
5600 people are there now.
Here's a mover in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
As part of my job I have to drive through Dave Broward and Palm Beach.
I'm so sorry.
Through Friday.
Yeah.
As you know driving in this town is enough to make you want to blow your brains out.
The only thing that makes it a taller ball is being able to listen to you between 10 and 2.
Absolutely.
And I just wanted to let you know that I really enjoy the show.
I recently bought your best CDX back.
Thank you.
So when you go in at 2 o'clock at least I have something to listen to between 2 and 5.
Oh.
And I also wanted to just wish you enjoyed a very happy New Year.
And Joe.
And Joe.
And I've seen some hockey games on TV but I've never gone to the arena to have been able to afford it.
And the tickets have to be available.
I would definitely love to use them and to check out the game.
13 to noon at 560 WQM 5607 0560.
See he was already on hold wasn't he?
Before I even mentioned anything about these other two tickets.
He was already on hold.
But you know something if everybody who calls between now and 2 wants to beg for free tickets.
That's okay with me.
It'll kill some good time.
It'll give me some amusement.
Some very sadle massacristic amusement.
Welcome to the SNM hour.
Anybody want to buy some drugs?
I mean, want to buy some eggnog?
Let me say it again.
You people down in sales and I really mean this.
Don't be coming up here looking for drugs.
In fact, right down there in your sales department there's a guy that I'm sure you're going to buy.
You've never got a bloody apple supply of drugs.
I don't want to mention no names.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Great.
I can't believe it's still fine asking for tickets after you say that you're not going to give them up.
Oh, they have no shame.
They don't care.
Well, if neither, listen.
It gets on the second level for reason.
They had to get the new macarena to get the extra stab outs.
It could be all for the players.
It could be in the league, right?
That's right.
So they could go out and put a competitive team.
The same BF that John Henry is using now.
They try to get them to build them a stadium to build his ass out.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I'm the rise.
I have all the same tickets in the owner, and then the first season in the macarena.
And after I could see the direction the team was going, I said, now you can keep them.
It's a good playoff.
I'm not going.
I'm not going.
I'm not going.
I'm not going to choice.
I've got a one game every year because I'm from Michigan.
I've got a red wings, and that's only game I care to go to.
Sure.
Yeah, we can keep the tickets as far as I'm concerned, because they're not worth going to see.
Actually, the ball run is one of the football world's own pockets.
What was the spin on the team?
It's the one home pockets.
And they keep lying to the public about the youngsters in the organization.
And they can't bring up these kids, and they stink, and they just send them back down.
And they keep even the playing the shuffle game.
They're up there down there, and they're out.
They're back and they're forth.
And if they were going to be any good, they never develop them here.
And then they train them someplace else.
And they become stars.
They're really good players, someplace else.
Because this organization never develops any of the young talent.
They stink.
So, this is what goes if you know, from top down, totally fair and ballplay.
Put them all on the same bus.
I'm going to get you a pen.
All right, thanks very much.
Have a great new year.
New year.
Bye bye.
There's a good guy.
He knows what side it's buttered on.
You're not foolin' us with all your BS and all your double talk,
and the youngsters in your organization,
and all your other God, they me a little bit horse crap.
You're not foolin' us.
You can take all of that BS and pack it, baby, on the bus with you.
And you can pack Mr. Boatay too because life is passing his ass by and you can bet your bottom dollar that when the sale does go down and they bring a new owner in here, he's not going to want any part of those guys.
This organization is going to wish him all by by immediately if not sooner.
Here's a call from Stuart hello.
Neil I couldn't agree with you more.
I'm not a story the guy with the boat guy.
You know when he was with the islanders he got he seemed to get a type of player that was in your face.
He comes down here and what if he loses mind?
I mean he traits uh rep winners.
Oh but let's not go through all of the band.
First of all he didn't make the deals.
There was Vienna did that.
That was his man Brian Murether did that.
Well anyway, hey Neil what are your topics last week was talk radio.
Yeah.
And you mentioned and you mentioned how you didn't think any of the other markets had good talk radio.
But I do travel into the near area.
I didn't say that.
Oh I thought you did.
I said a good uh said that that old style talk radio that the political crap that that when I would nickers is what I said.
Well how about what do you say about Bob Grant who's number one in the audience?
Your garbage Bob Grant is a right wing foster with a bad hair piece.
How about Jay Diamond?
Never heard of him.
Bill Maser.
Bill Maser is a sports guy.
No he does.
He does talk radio.
Bill Maser does regular talk now.
He does talk issues.
I know Bill Maser is a great sports guy from Buffalo.
Oh yeah.
Didn't New York 100.
I knew he was from there.
But Sam you don't give me Bob Grant.
Bob Grant is a Nazi.
He's a piece of crap.
He's a racist pig.
Well just because Michael Heisener fired him over the round brown remarks.
Okay so have a great day.
Okay in New York.
Well this isn't New York.
Nobody here has any idea what you're talking about.
Nobody cares about Bob Grant here.
They had him syndicated on the white boat for about five minutes.
You could put his whole audience into a phone booth.
See here's another guy.
I want to resurrect all that crap.
It's dead.
It's history.
And the demographics are 100 plus.
God.
And Bill Maser is speaking 100 plus.
He's got to be 100 years old.
Do you know who Bill Maser is?
See even in New York.
Bill Maser used to be a sports guy.
WGR in Buffalo.
Many many like a thousand years ago.
And then he went to New York.
He was a sports guy.
And now he's a top guy.
A regular like who knows.
He's got to be at least 150 years old.
He's old enough to be a jury Williams grandpa.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
Neil?
Yes.
Bill, real pleasure.
Enjoy listening to you.
Thank you.
Have you knew you were two sir?
Thank you.
I used to play hockey in junior high.
Really know the game well.
Got into a couple games.
I'm telling you that Peter Warrout Warrout is a talented kid.
They give that kid more ice time.
It's a matter of...
Okay, thanks for the good news.
567-0560, pound 566- the IMAGure comedians today.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
I was just wondering.
There was a lot of going to Harold last week.
Yeah.
And reference to the University of Miami president
and local politicians plans to make getting state funds difficult
because of the early out situation.
Yeah.
I was wondering did you get a chance to read that?
Yes I did.
And your thoughts?
It was obnoxious.
Okay and I also have a second...
I mean what else is there to think about?
No.
It was disgusting.
It was great task.
I agree.
And it was also proper for the course in this town.
I agree.
I agree.
It's been an honorable public.
I agree.
100%.
I also have another situation.
I have a friend of mine that was planning on downloading your best
news from the NELCITY from the NAPSTIS.
But I talked about it when I told him that the post he's going to try to.
Right.
But the jerk will probably download it anyway.
Yeah, sure.
He's a cheap prick.
We know that.
All right, NAPSTIS.
Okay, good luck to you sir.
Nice try though.
Nice try.
567.
I mean you know it's just like Fred Durst said.
I mean why would anybody go out and buy some of our crap if he can get it for free?
And my question is why would anybody buy his crap in a first place?
Fred Durst wants it worst.
Or do you like that crap don't you?
Yeah, let's take biscuit.
That's Georgia's favorite.
Yeah, it's all right.
Yeah, it's all right after you heard that same word for the first 10 million times.
Bleed out.
Well, he's getting all the hot babes.
Well, there's not a sad comment.
Isn't that, isn't that put that, oh yeah, Christian Aguilara.
There you go.
Don't get me started on it again with hot babes.
That's why they were there.
There are mice at Vizzyland that look better than Christian Aguilara.
Minnie Mouse would be insulted to be compared to that bitch.
That's not the point.
That is the point.
The point is people like him because he's a hip guy.
He's a hip guy.
Yep.
Because somebody says that he's a hip guy.
Right.
Right, okay.
Just like M&M.
He must be a hip guy too, huh?
So I hear.
5, 6, 7.
I'll stick with the people on that 7th Heaven Show on Warner Brothers.
You can stick with Fred Durst and M&M, okay?
We can just eat a bunch of M&Ms while you're watching Liptic Biscuit.
I know seeing him would make it work for me.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Yeah, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
Yeah, Neil. First of all, this one was your happy holiday season.
Same to you, sir.
Okay.
You know, I was just going to call and defend your listening audience.
You've been a little hot on them lately.
No, I have not.
But well, left of the call, the call on audience.
Don't knock the listed.
The call on where they are.
I stand corrected.
The callers lately have sucked.
Yeah, after listening to the last few callers, I have to agree with you.
I mean, the first in defending Bob Grant up in New York who makes rush windbar seem good.
Like a liberal, yeah.
Exactly.
And the other callers, you know, saying people were all being a talent.
Well, that wasn't legitimate.
Callers, I was just a, you know, guy who's trying to be an agitator.
He thinks he's a comedian.
Probably Brian Murray's boyfriend.
Yeah, it could be.
But the other thing here is that the media generally put what people seem to know
people around and they do pop a burried on here, which is a shame.
What does that tell you about this market?
This isn't a hockey market.
This isn't a sports town.
This is the end of the world, sir.
You know, you know, I couldn't agree with you more than that.
How about Murray could put on a suit, walk through the song last mile,
which is, you know, it's right across from where the guys play hockey.
There wouldn't be five people recognize him.
You know, I want to ask you something, Neil.
Are you familiar with so Henry?
Who?
So Henry.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was up out in Portland, Oregon area for a while.
Yeah.
I was listening to me.
You was quite good to listen to.
I just wondered if you knew him personally.
What do you mean to find new him?
We used to work together at Iowa, too.
Oh, really?
I've only been listening to you now for a little over a year.
And then I'm going to enjoy this show.
And just wanted to know, we appreciate your hearing.
That was a great talent.
I mean, the show to me isn't what I used to be.
And I know every time I said it, oh my god.
I'm not repiting.
I just don't enjoy the show as much as I used to when we were working together on the same station
because it's syndicated.
Most of what he's talking about isn't about here.
No.
But he's a great talent.
He was, he was, you know, good for him.
I mean, he's a Bob Grant, but he's a great talent.
Please, Bob Grant.
I lived in New York for a while and God, it was good.
Oh, really?
Like I said, he made Rush Limboa a kid of me, you know, like you say.
Well, I'm a little proud of him.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
You too.
And have a happy.
Okay, let me put these things.
We're making some progress.
All right, wait a minute.
Come on.
How about those leaf tickets?
This is 560 QAF, 420-560.
Now that you've got your way out by Ami Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station.
And you can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
You can't wait to see the show.
The last visit of our few roll.
Wonder Bra was trying to save his beloved pure poly sweetbread from the clutches of the evil Simon Bogg Cleve.
Wonder Bra!
Wonder Bra!
Wonder Bra can't help you now.
Pure poly sweetbread.
It's saving his eight-year-old son.
I'm totally lacking in sports.
Wonder Bra!
The situation's bleak.
Poor poly don't pause.
One more bra is here.
To make them stick out.
Wonder Bra!
I hear our mojo rats.
Foyle again.
But I'll be back.
Wonder Bra!
Wonder Bra!
He's getting away!
Stop crying, poly.
Though the villain is jerky, your fast flying is back.
And your fooders are fucky.
So now the world is safe for boobs that want to flop up that so true.
When Cleve is used on lust to show there's only one place you can go to.
Wonder Bra!
Wonder Bra!
The cops from the poly.
He'll get mad and eat from the lady.
Peanut Pan.
And J.J.C.
He'll get mad and lose black cuckoo.
Turn on the board.
The cops are going to die.
The cops never get to see copter.
He's going to get mad again.
He'll get to see police.
Forward and shoot.
Okay, I got those free tickets right down there by the glass to see Darcy Tucker and Matt Sandin and Sergey Burison and Curtis Joseph Saturday night.
I know I'll be there.
What do you think, Joey?
I think I should give him away.
Oh, definitely.
Oh, you know?
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on EAT and T.
And who wants to wire us on?
Why are people faxing me stuff about the goddamn election and about absentee balance? Stop! Stop it now!
Don't you people ever stop?
No.
No.
Like that idiot Glenn from Miramar. Glenn, I hope you get goddamn IBS and IBM, okay?
I hope somebody gives you 100 shares of shipwrecks for Christmas.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Radio with Fab.
And good too, yes sir.
He's working the board today.
Joe.
He's such an A-hole.
Okay, great. Well, I'm telling you the senseo.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on EAT and T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of townline is open.
Of course, 877-785-6345.
He said you were an A-hole, Joe.
Here's a mobile in Fort Waterdale. Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
I have a social conversation with you here about the panthers for a minute.
Yeah.
I'm listening a little bit to the first team this morning and I'm hearing that a little bit.
Well, I'm not going to be sensible.
Well, yeah, I know.
I'm looking at that little show on there on the first team that defending our little boy there at the panthers about that article that was written.
It just makes me feel like I was about 10 minutes till 10.
Right.
And Joe turned the monitor up so I had to listen to it in the last few minutes of their show.
And when I heard him start doing that, I was in their pounding on the window.
To their studio, I was so pissed off at him.
Well, you missed the garbage that was screwed around 9 a.m. or something like, or it was 8.30 a.m.
He went off on the whole article.
But, you know, I thought it was a good article.
Yeah, I thought it was about the first time that any of our sports people, writers in this town, showed a little balls.
Yeah, I mean, everybody that knows anything about hockey knows that it's time for the Murrays to have their walkie-papers handed to him.
And that Murray should get the hell out of town, too.
There are cultures getting fired and leagged.
Every week there are guys getting canned.
Including Craig Ramsey and Philly that flyers at 30 points before they fired him and brought in Bill Barber.
And he still got canned.
And these guys have got a license to steal forever until Wayne makes his deal.
Let me ask you.
Let me ask you, this is regarding the little show of the morning.
What is his affiliation with the team?
I mean, he does that little thing on the Panther hockey game night or whatever.
He's an employee.
He gets paid by them and as a result, he's under a lot of pressure.
And to believe me, that organization, if you work for them in any way, shape or form, and you look at them cross-riters, say just the wrong thing, they're all over you like stink on Wayne.
So then you understand why he takes a stance where he does this, something needs to be done.
Yeah, but why doesn't he just keep his mouth shut?
Why does he go on a tack Michael Mayor?
You know, defend the defense.
Exactly.
How do you just keep his mouth shut?
That's why I took exception to it.
If you could say that, then he needs to say the obvious about what the story is with the coaching staff.
All right, Neil.
Okay.
Hold your breath.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT and T line.
Free tickets, baby.
Not.
What are you laughing about?
Just because Greg Reid isn't listening to the show and is totally out of the loop as usual has no idea what's going on here today.
And brought me in these free tickets.
He was trying to do something nice.
He says, hey, it's your team, the Leafs, right up against the glass.
When I said, no, you up against the glass on the way out is what I said.
And he did.
He backed right into your glass like a clutch with an expensive traded out suit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the A.
What are you giving those numbers out again?
Because it's the holidays.
I was just going to come in today to the rest of the week because we won't be here on New Year's Day.
Obviously, they got a bunch of ball games.
Thank God.
No best of tapes next Monday.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God for that.
Those best of tapes are an embarrassment.
Dated.
They're awful.
All I want to pull, they're okay once in a while, 49, suck 49.
My fervor when Neil isn't there, 36.
Well, what can we do to replace them?
What do you mean by that?
I mean, we got to have something for you to get sick or something.
Even if George isn't going to be doing the show, that's right.
How about the auto racing show with Joe Castell?
No.
No.
Bad idea.
How about the tapes about Grant?
How about Bill Mauser does topics?
Huh?
Talk radio coast to coast.
Yeah, let's just open up the pot and put some syndicated crap on there.
Let's have Tony Bruno laugh like an hyena from ESPN radio.
They are on laughing gas there at ESPN radio.
What a bunch of assholes those guys are.
They're laughing.
And even the prollers they play now, once in a while if I'm on a car in Saturday,
we have that crap on on the weekend.
Let me go with a brilliant idea.
And even the prollers that they play, they're all laughing like somebody stuck a goddamn
a laughing gas up their ass.
Yes, what's the idea, Miguel?
Extend the first team two hours and have Hank come in two hours early.
Woo!
Yes, extend each show two hours.
That sounds like a hell of a job.
What a suck up job that was.
Yeah, we could say that at the end of each two hours segment.
Where's the one where he says that was a two hour and that's my favorite one.
What the hell is that?
I gotta find that.
Come on Joe, where the hell is it?
That was Mandit I thought.
Oh yeah, was that a Mandit one?
Where he says that was a two hour suck up, Joe?
One moment please.
Gotta find it.
I'll find it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's the call in Tamarack, hello?
Yeah, I'm going to be eating that, uh, Deli or something like that.
And it's called Myers and Hylia.
Never heard of it.
Oh, it's the delicious roast beef sandwich that they've ever had.
Yeah.
Okay, uh, just go golf and...
Okay, great call.
Myers, Deli, always what I want, Deli, I think of Hylia, don't you?
That's my favorite place for Deli.
Okay, chronic, you know who that one was.
Same old tired chronic.
Didn't make it on the area either asshole.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Funny when people try to disguise their voice that have got like really obvious voices.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, but wait a second.
Here's a Ladian Palm Beach, hello?
Ladian Palm Beach?
Hi, Neil, this is Lynn.
How are you?
Okay.
You know, Neil, you were talking about all these radio personalities, but you forgot about...
56670560, pound 560.
I mean, this, you know what this is today?
It's just what you'd expect this time of the year.
It's a show for the desperate.
I feel today more than almost any other day of my life.
I'm doing a tremendous public service.
This is a show for desperate callers that nobody will talk to.
This is a desperate show for radio people and nobody listens to them.
Nobody ever heard of that.
They're trying to get their name on here, which it doesn't work.
This is incredible.
Desper will be a compliment.
And it still doesn't work.
Woo!
Man, oh man.
What times that...
What times their candidate leaves?
What times 916 moving out?
1209 at 560WQM.
That was a two hour blowjob.
Honey, I know we haven't had sex in a long time, but are you sure it's not too soon after the operation?
No, I'm ready and where are you going?
Hi there!
Hey, hey, what the hell are you doing in our bedroom?
Wait a minute.
It's a door sell guy from TV.
See, I see you've got one of those new fangled, dinoial implants.
Yeah, what kind of batteries you got in there?
In where?
In the implant.
It doesn't use batteries you've doored from kidding.
Hey, anything else in here used batteries?
Wait a minute.
What bloody...
How about this double-headed dildo?
Look at that sound.
Wow, look at it.
What kind of batteries you've got in this puppy?
Uh, door sell.
That's what we use in all of them, there are the layers.
And why is that?
Because door sell lasts longer.
Yeah.
You can see why that would be important.
I would say her, mostly, she's bridges.
I am not.
I've had more gathers with all the others.
Um...
Why don't I just let myself out?
Door sell.
The older batteries lasts longer.
I suppose you want to screw in too.
1213 at 560WQM.
I'm sorry, Managed Say.
That was a two hour blowjob.
That's what I thought that one said.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Miami, when is this?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, New York.
I just wanted to thank you for the best of Neocity.
I just downloaded it from Napster and it's great.
Okay, great.
For all my friends.
Okay, good.
Enjoy it.
And stick it up your ass too while you're at it.
567 and give your brother another blowjob while you're at it too.
567.
0560.
0560 on the AT&T Info Rise of Wireless Line.
Mobile and Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, New York?
Okay, sir.
You know what?
I think I'm going back over to Fort Myers because the calls over here today have been just absolutely terrible.
What do you mean today?
Well, in general, I mean, out of the blue.
This is our general representative crowd.
This is a good cross-section of South Florida.
Well, you know, you should be appreciative of them when we call some Fort Myers.
We're from over there.
But I'm not.
Well, you know, many of us compared to some of these people.
At least we have something to say.
Not usually.
But, you know, at least we support our hockey team.
We've got a team that actually competes over here.
That's long.
I mean, it's only 8,000 people over here, but that is a good thing.
But nobody here cares about that, too.
Nobody cares.
Yeah, but I'm just saying in general.
No, let me say it again.
Nobody cares.
With all due respect.
Nobody cares.
Wait, I'm surprised to see people are actually asking for tickets to get tickets.
Okay, fine.
5,670560, 0560, on the AT&T Inforriades and Wireless Blime.
Well, he just tickets phone up his under his armpit there at the end of the call.
Something like that.
I'm not sure if it's an outer nugget.
Here's Pumberpine.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I love your show.
I've never called before, but I just broke all kinds of traffic laws trying to get back to the office to call you.
Great.
The reason being, I'm only a marginal hockey fan.
I've been to only one game.
But Prada Mining is from Toronto, lives down here.
You actually met him once.
He had a guy with a ponytail and a domi jersey on it.
Right.
That's one of the games.
I had to call him risk getting hung up on, because I had...
That would be...
He would crap in his pants for front row seats.
Oh.
So in other words, that's the only reason you called.
You raised back to the office to call me.
So you could take it.
Something off with tickets?
Yep.
Oh, God.
No.
Can you believe that?
Yes, yes I can.
This guy got back in his car.
Raced back to the office to call me, because you heard that we had a pair of tickets right up against the glass.
At least it worked out for him.
So he could go see tied domi or come up to the big sports' waist there on Saturday.
And watching, you know, pounding down on his head.
Just like last year's single crap.
5.670560, 0.560 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Got pretty slim pickin' here this week.
I'll tell you that.
Put these slim pickens.
Out of town line is open.
That guy from Fort Myers, there was giving us all that Brock Adosio there about the great calls we get from the West Coast.
Which I have to kind of...
He amused at that.
877785.
5245.
Of course we're not on there this shall we?
No.
No.
So what's on my given number out for?
Here's a mobile and cross brings.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hello, I've seen on the news this morning that George Bishop's got.
Here's a poppano.
Hello.
Poppano.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Long time Mr. First time caller.
Someone told me that you used to be the announcer.
I think it was because you were at the M-Baseball?
Yeah, long ago.
Long, long time ago.
Oh no, you should question.
Back then we used to talk about the game.
It was going on.
Now they seem to just talk about what happened.
A off the field.
And then it still happens.
I don't feel anymore.
And I think maybe that's why these guys want that $25 million to support their habits.
Off the field.
Uh-huh.
When you agree?
I don't know.
I had a lot of drug use on those teams back then too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, I remember one year at Omaha at the college world series joking around a phrase
that they heard Kings were the only team in Omaha that had two instead of just one drug dealer.
And he got very red in the face about that.
But nevertheless, that was a long time ago too.
What do you look at me like that for?
It's true.
I'm not going to mention any of them.
They have players names to protect the guilty.
But there was one guy who had a relative from Texas.
The wall away from Texas with a load of drugs.
I know there's only a little weed.
You know, 20 or 30 pounds, something like that, 150, 200 pounds of weed.
And the heard who players were saying that's the best weed I ever seen.
I'm not sure if that's you.
They won the series or what.
Whatever it was.
Does it really make a difference whether it's you?
They want to not just trying to put my finger on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
They have your Christmas.
Got a real sorry lot of losers out there today.
Pathetic.
Now, what does that mean Canada?
What does that mean Quebec City?
Well, I want you to put that on there.
Canada.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's the Julio Acadula for you.
You know, he was on his way moving up to Canada.
How'd you make out Julio?
Oh, man, perfect.
I got here about three days ago.
But it is cold. It's about 10 degrees.
Yeah, I know. I just got back from Toronto.
I was there this week.
Oh, man, but let me tell you something.
Close my ass off and still had a great time.
I hear you. The city is clean.
Nice people. It's beautiful.
I was listening to you in the internet.
And boy, I might get them out of that rat hole.
Yeah.
This is today ought to be a good lesson for you.
I made the right choice.
And my mom fucked me up the paper on a piece of the paper on Saturday with the dead voters voting again.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, boy, but let me tell you, we came up here with some American dollars.
We've got a good, uh, good exchange for them.
And we're doing awesome, Neil.
That's right. I ought to be able to buy some real good drugs with that American currency.
Keep up the good fight, Neil.
Okay. Good luck, you pals.
To watch out for those frogs.
There you go. Call from Quebec City.
He got out of here.
Even the Julio's are getting out of here.
They can't handle it.
Got anybody blame them?
No.
How's that Delia in Hylia coming, Joe?
Great Delia in Hylia.
Oh, God.
Man.
Did I call back? He says they make a great sub.
I don't give a crap. What? I hope they get on a sub with those Russians.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
I hope they get on a sub with a marisen with Mr. Bartai and Barley, the whole bunch of them to have a great life.
Think with them.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Let's try another one, mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I have three tickets to know. Thanks.
I got my buddy got some free tickets for the heat game.
We went down there trying to find parking.
I got cars parked up and down both sides of the street.
We're coming up the street.
We didn't know what they were, but a bunch of Julio's coming with their little blazer.
They're coming flying down with their brake lights. I wouldn't get out of the way.
Get out. I want to start a fight with that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on an 8-10-10.
Nice to be back at a nice friendly place at the holidays.
Place where everybody loves each other. City of hate.
I know what you people believe about this group, the Julio's, the this one.
Because that's where you thrive on.
Who the hell would you have to hate if all these people were gone to know?
You'd have no life at all.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Sounds awful dead to me, Joe.
Mobile in Miami Beach.
Here's sport Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I used to be a chronic...
Give her to the homeless people too.
Now you can say I'm more selective.
I'll give you two quick examples.
I was standing at the Delhi counter at Poblach.
There was this short...
There was one?
A short...
A shorter...
Standing next to me.
A short?
What the hell is a short?
A short, sir.
No, not short.
A short?
Okay.
Cool.
Cool.
Okay.
But any comfort to me, and he goes,
Boy, I thought he was in line two for the Delhi counter as well.
Yeah.
And he came up next to me, and he goes,
Boy, that public chicken sure looks good.
I got a definite zoning.
And he's all sunny.
He opens up his hand.
And he goes,
The only problem is, I'm 70% sure.
And the other time was, I was public at public.
Well, how could you deny a spartier as fried chicken, man?
What's wrong with you?
Oh, I did.
I get...
I gave you the next book for a slice of watermelon?
I sure hope so.
So how are they, you know?
I know, I did.
But out in the other time, I was driving down 95.
It was pouring down rain.
And there was a guy standing in the medium.
He looked...
And he looked like Howard Hughes in this dilapidated day.
And he had a spine.
And I couldn't make it out because it was pouring down rain.
I thought really bad for him.
And then I get up to the fine, and it said,
Why lie?
I need a beer.
Yeah.
So I gave him a dollar, too.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
I'll see you in the food section.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, I was watching the South Park episode.
You ever see the hanky poop?
Never launched that, no.
No.
It's actually a piece of poop, and it talks in it.
Wherever it lands, it makes a brown mark.
I just thought that was hilarious, and I saw that.
Yeah.
And I just thought I'd get...
Oh, gee, is that you're f***ing carrying me?
Okay, great.
Thanks for the good news.
Welcome to ProTalk.
See, Georgia will be on some other day when I'm not here.
You can talk to Georgia about South Park and drugs.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, Neal.
Did you get after the Dolphin game manager
got locked in the closet?
Yeah, you already played that, sir.
We've had told those.
Yes, we got it.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
How y'all doing during these holidays, huh?
Is if I have to ask.
Pretty bitter about being here, huh?
I don't blame you.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am?
Yeah.
For the first color, or the guy that just called
about that public joke?
Yeah.
That wasn't a joke.
So was it?
No.
He's a jerk.
Why is that?
Yeah, talking about the watermelon.
He's a jerk.
Yeah, why?
Yeah.
Huh?
Why is that?
Well, we found that funny.
You know, that story that I was doing.
I thought it was just a circle.
I thought it was stupid.
I thought it was the funniest thing I've heard this hour.
You wasted time.
Yeah.
Well, what do you have to tell us?
What do you want to talk about?
A guy that called about the Napster.
About what?
The Napster?
Napster?
Yeah.
I just want to know.
How do you do that?
How do you do what?
How do you download feed?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Go to publics.
Okay.
While you're eating your fried chicken and slice of water,
maybe somebody would draw you a diaphragm.
Okay, honey?
I wonder how many times you voted.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's going to be the new deal.
How many illegal sparks can we get to vote next time?
We've got, obviously, a lot more than we did this last time.
Didn't work out.
Didn't work out?
No.
No.
It's not they could.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, rather.
Neil, can you hear me?
I hear you.
Neil, what's the notion that when you quit a job,
you need to give your employer two weeks noir.
If I was the last time your employer came to you and said,
oh, and another two weeks, I'm going to fire you.
What does that mean?
Where did that come from?
What is the notion?
You're putting a notion in our...
No, it's just something going on at work.
Okay, skip.
I just have to say, I just have to say, I just have to say,
whatever reason is, everything is going on.
No, it all depends.
I mean, if you want a good reference, then you've given us some notice.
If you don't give a crap, then you top up a buff on Google, that's it.
Yeah, all right.
Hey, I...
And why, what's the holiday?
How about my religion's better than your religion?
In the...
In the...
In the...
Yeah.
And secondly, it's 5667-0560, not 0560,
not 0560, over a letter.
God, that really gives me.
Yeah, right.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
5667-0560.
Woo!
Why are the queens all stood up today, aren't they?
Why don't you have petulant queens?
I guess they must have missed 7th Heaven last night.
1226 and 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Wait.
Too late.
No, I was supposed to do a spot there, and I forgot about it.
Well, I was so wrapped up with these great calls.
Yeah, I was fantasizing about going on through the produce session,
and seeing which one of these food cakes had run into.
Well, regardless of which one maybe they got a big bald spot.
Yeah, don't say petulant queens, any geese?
If your car's life is over,
go see Fend over.
You'll realize what you had, what pain is,
when you hopped in and ride your own aid.
Oh, yeah.
You enjoyed driving Mercury.
You loved your Saturn.
Now come and dig Uranus.
Love that new car smell?
Nothing smells like Uranus.
Dependability?
No one has ever got stuck in Uranus.
Take the clutch, now be courageous,
and over and ride your Uranus.
And if you like a car that holds the road,
you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried.
Uranus.
Powerful.
Yet great with gas.
Need trunk space?
Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus.
And if Uranus is re-rendered,
our well-lover-cated joints will soften the blow.
Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus,
and leave that messy paperwork to us.
Check out Uranus.
Take the time, light quick,
Blue Gain, spend over and ride your Uranus.
So Bob, the move is in the building.
I don't explain why our equipment,
that the house for instance, all screwed up.
Probably.
Probably got a stinger in it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line,
Happy New Year from all your good friends here at QAN.
And us too.
165.0 Soniporo.
Best of Neal tapes.
OK, once in a while, 65.
They suck.
57.
Are my favorite when Neal is there do not be there?
43.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neal.
Yes sir.
I have a question.
A couple years ago, you were talking about your triglycerides,
and they were up and down over.
Oh my god.
We took a poll over the weekend.
The last thing that this audience wants to hear about is my health.
One question.
Why am I always wrong?
I'm talking about one question here.
Did you get one?
I say no one here about my health.
Are you sure it's not the one here about yours?
No, I know that.
I need to know.
Did you have a home-preston care?
Did you get it done at the doctor's?
There's no home-testing kit for triglycerides.
That's my question.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Did I?
What a cheap bread.
You're British man.
I thought the Canadians were cheap.
They got nothing on you guys.
They're real 50, like the Scottish 50.
Chey, chey, chey, chey.
You go anywhere in Europe, and you go to a restaurant to be like a couple of old British women sitting there,
and they'll order one entry and split it.
And then when they get to TAD, they're like arguing back and forth like,
oh, who had the extra cup of tea and who had the crumpets, who had the spice of watermelon?
That's one thing about never be a good poll question one day.
Do British eat watermelon?
Huh?
I kind of doubt it.
And they're not eating too much steak these days either, or I'll tell you that.
That mad cow disease is running rampant.
See, that's my luck.
Get in the problem and they answered him, all of a sudden they got bad meat.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Get it right.
Get it right, God damn it.
I'm going to throw a snitch at it.
A lot of hostile queens here today.
There must be there's log cabin Republicans.
I see a big article in the paper about that, which is, you know,
code for self-hating fags like Jews for Hitler.
The log cabin Republicans, they just can't understand why nobody else gives them no respect, you know?
Big article here in the Broward section in the hereld this morning.
Log cabin GOP struggle, or yesterday morning, struggle is for gaze acceptance.
The answer is no.
Come out of your closet more ways than one.
Just admit that you're a bunch of self-hating fags and stop pretending to be something that you're not.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, we love to show a lot.
Happy holidays.
I just wanted to say thanks to the post-employee's Bokeh or Tom for doing a job over the holiday season.
Uh-huh.
Especially Joe, Carrier at a Palm Metal Park.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I hope you get what you want from Joe.
And I think I've got to pretty good at you what that is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm sorry.
Ooooo!
5, 60.
Get it right.
It's a number.
It's not a letter.
You silly fag.
What is that?
What's in the box?
Oh, it's a race car.
Look at that.
Now where the hell did that come from?
I guess Miguel found it in the closet.
With manage?
Huh.
Yes!
Isn't that sweet?
Also, oh, I see a digging through that old closet.
Probably find a lot of sand-fold skeletons in there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
I love your show.
It gets me through the day.
Yeah.
Uh, here at work.
You see, my old ball and chain was getting on my nerves and I went to the other room, turned on, uh, the QAM.
Yeah.
The best stuff was on and I liked the best stuff.
Terrible, the worst.
That's the most embarrassing tape of the show I've ever heard in my life.
Well, I like it.
I heard it driving back from the airport.
I wanted to turn around and get right back on the plane.
Hey, man.
In fact, even if I wouldn't have heard it, I still wanted to go back and get on the plane.
But anyway.
You know how big you have of a region filled in from, uh, who wants to be a millionaire?
Yeah.
They got some dude there yelling out, what's up?
Yeah.
I think that's great, man.
I, I'm heard in a wildo and you think today you might be able to hook me up and put it on.
Just for you, pal.
I'll dig it up for you.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a great one.
Have a great life.
Okay.
Where is it, Joe?
Oh.
See, on some of these, I wrote it on the outside when there was something outstanding like that.
Registration of Pupt Annie.
There's the AT&T phone scam.
I'm going to be playing that today because you people have driven that into the ground.
Registration of Pupt Annie.
Now, if I didn't write it on the outside of the envelope, I got bad news for you, sir.
And I want to get you depressed here in New Year's time and all.
But if I didn't write it on the outside of the envelope, I think the chances are very slim.
It's not in there, is it?
No, it's not in there.
Much to recent, it's less than a year old, so it's not in the VCS.
5, 6, 7, 9, 6, 10, I look for it.
But is that a best of this year?
Registration of Pupt Annie?
It might be.
Do you think?
Do you have one of those CDs?
Do I have one?
I don't think I have a have one.
No, I don't have one.
Why would I have one of those?
See, this is the way it goes with these fun ways you say, but I get nothing.
I get if I'm lucky, I get one or two of the key chains.
And if I don't tie them down in here, they disappear.
I get maybe one CD, and then of course Gary over my doctor's office.
He's always sitting up to the free CDs and crap and exchange for all the drugs.
And that's it.
And so I haven't even had one.
We'll get you one.
What is he battling about?
Boy, he sure, he must have got a late several times this weekend.
I'll tell you.
It's funny if you could.
He is Kevin or full of what?
All those condoms?
Boy, you know something, there was the basket was full before the weekend.
That's why I've got such a big smile on his post.
Maybe he's blowing bubbles or somebody.
Man, yeah, the plant parent heard people say a care package with all kinds of condoms
and lubricants and all kinds of stuff that was sitting here on Friday when I left.
Come back here this morning and like almost all gone.
Somebody must have been a busy diva this weekend, I'll tell you.
So let's use it on here actually.
I don't even know why you say that because I'm sure it's not on here.
Juan McGill and his lawyer, bush with the workers.
I don't think so.
5, 6, 7.
Oh, oh, oh.
Here's a lady in Pepper Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello, there's Sheila.
I'm a hockey fan and I don't see, I feel Wayne can that sell the team for wondering
the reason because he hasn't made the team good enough to sell.
Who wants to buy a product that's so bad?
He should get rid of it.
I agree with you, the general manager and the coach.
And then maybe Tim will win a favor.
Are you going to compete?
Are you going to sell?
You go to the games?
Not now.
Good.
I go to Ranger Games for the New York.
Ranger fans.
But if he doesn't improve it, he's not going to be able to sell it unless he's going to run a fire sale
which he's not going to run.
Yeah.
So what are you going to do with him?
We're stuck in the sea.
Get smart.
Okay, sweetheart.
Okay.
Feel better.
That was her story.
Man, I must have got a bad bullet grip.
I'm not going to find every just thing.
And if you think I'm going to kill myself sitting here going through 8 million disdefined
it, man, you must be dreaming.
You must be like John Henry.
I know what it sounds like.
Yeah.
John, one of these.
2121 at 560 WQAM.
I want to be very bizarre day.
I'm going to get some money.
What's the other day I come in for you?
We could have just played a bunch of bits all day.
One after the other.
That was my intention.
I never had any intention to take an even one phone call the day.
And then I went on it.
I did my thing.
And you noticed the tremendous response I've had to my stance on not supporting Wayne and his
pants.
Now, I mean, you know, she was okay with her bad throat and all.
But nothing.
Nothing.
The response generally has been over there.
Can we have your tickets then?
We'll go if it's free.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Never was his hair or seem to have a care, go baby.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up there.
Cobain.
Wipe and groove from his chin.
Doing parrowing.
Cobain.
Your bottle was hot.
And now it's Kurt.
They ain't got.
Cobain.
He got high, said goodbye, and he died.
Yeah.
Cobain.
Made a million, and our never took a shower.
Cobain.
He's a number one hit in heaven.
Big Mach Pit.
Cobain.
You'll need Elvis the King and say, run with my thing.
Cobain.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out.
Cobain.
He got high, said goodbye, and he died.
Cobain.
And I'll say in another bizarre twist though, I have been banished.
I've been put in a closet outside the locker.
I can't get out of here.
Well, if we have someone listening in Miami who might have a connection to the state of the world,
please call and tell them to let Jim Mandage out of the closet in the locker.
Is that you knocking on the door, Jim, trying to get out?
Yes.
Oh, it is.
Well, feel free to yell for help at any time.
That's a stuck-and-can't-get-off.
Exactly.
Let poor Jim Mandage out of the closet to be on the air tonight, which he will be between 6 and 10pm.
Yes!
Right after a hank, and Hank will have the Mart Thomas at 5, 8K after the Mandage.
5, 6, 7, 2, 5, 60.
Lots of lines available.
Here we got another hour and a quarter to go.
No takers on those tickets, dammit.
Reg's going to be really upset about that.
Here's Carl Gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were saying earlier that Wairo has got some such a big response in the hockey thing.
But I think you saw the realize that it's just a separate sport on ESPN and the bike gets crap about it.
No, OK, great.
Thanks for your brilliant call, sir, and get the crap out of your mouth.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Everybody days of Wairo's guy.
Everybody's got a StarCans.com.
And you want to know why, because you got no material.
That's why all you brilliant callers out there, you got nothing to talk about.
You got squat, you got, and you're stuck here for the holidays.
And so why not just behind the anonymity of the phone call and make a real jackass out of yourself?
And you do it a pretty good job so far.
Almost three solid hours of it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
OK.
What were in popular?
Yeah, how are you doing, Bill?
OK.
Last time I called, I only wanted tickets.
This time I'm calling only to tell you I wouldn't pay to go.
Uh-huh.
But I'll go for free.
The other thing is, well, you can answer me first.
Now I have a comment.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, you just said, what in, again, God's name does that mean?
Well, the first time you called, you called for tickets.
Now you couldn't pay it a go.
But if we have this, if you haven't for free, what does that mean?
Well, the last time everybody was trying to shirt or coat
and, uh, to give you a bunch of B.F.
to shirt or coat they're asking you.
Yeah.
They've got a card.
I'm not going to need tickets away.
Well, all right.
Let me talk to you then.
There are two chances of my giving these tickets away.
And I got them in my pocket right now.
None and much less than none.
OK.
None.
And let me tell you the thing about the cheap Canadians.
I'm a Canadian too, so that's why I'm going to tell it.
Yeah.
I get, uh, Canadian couple, they're only 40 bucks.
She comes with a 50.
And, uh, I told her I didn't have change for 50.
I only had $8.
So I give her $8.
And, uh, instead of saying, uh, it's like two weeks for Christmas.
Instead of saying, uh, just keep the $2.
She's waiting around for the $2.
She's still waiting for the $2.
Yeah.
So I go along with, uh, what you said.
They're definitely the cheapest ones around.
So anyways, you have a good day.
Woo!
Man!
$5.670560, pound $560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
You know, it's a holiday season.
$5.67, like I said, $0.560.
Save it, punk.
Back in a sack with your brother, Jack.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
You know, I've always respected your opinion on a good piece of meat.
But I gotta tell you, I was real disappointed.
I was just in Vegas a few weeks ago.
And I was staying at the Venetian, which is right next to the Rosewood Grill.
I said, you know what?
You know, I already talked about this place, let me give it a shot.
Yeah.
That was one of the worst steaks I've ever had.
Well, I haven't eaten there in years.
Maybe they gone downhill.
I never had anybody over the years complaining.
Everybody I've ever talked to you said that it's great,
that they loved it, that it was expensive, but that it was sensational.
So yeah.
It's fun.
Yeah, you don't get a bad piece of meat anywhere.
Yeah, but you know what?
It's fun.
The waiter came over and he seemed very knowledgeable.
He said, can he used to work at Ruth's Chris, which I happen to love?
I know you like Ruth Chris.
Yes, I do.
In fact, I have two of the best Ruth's Chris in the world in Vegas.
Yeah.
And for all I figured, I'm not going to go to Ruth Chris.
I can get it down here in Miami.
Right.
And he said he used to work there.
And he says, let me tell you, quite honestly, these steaks are much better than Ruth Chris.
So at that point, I'm salivating.
Yeah.
And he comes over and brings a piece of meat that I wouldn't have brought back
with you out back there.
Well, that's the third time you said that already.
And I'll say it again.
You can get a bad piece of meat anywhere.
Yeah.
But besides everything else was great in Vegas.
Okay, great.
Thanks for the report.
There's another report.
Vegas was great except you got a bad piece of meat, Joe.
Anybody else?
I'm going to make a rule right now since it's almost a new year.
New Year's Resolution on the show.
I don't want to hear about Vegas ever again on this program.
Ever.
Ever.
I know it's great.
I know it's fun.
I know that that steakhouse he's talking about happens to be a very good place.
Rosa, did you ever eat there?
Now, it's too expensive for you.
Rosa, what grill?
Great seafood.
The gigantic, huge lobster.
Very high price.
But nevertheless, somebody got a bad piece of meat there.
Not interesting, sir.
It is not interesting.
It is as useless as taking a crap in the middle of a highway.
Meaningless.
Eusteless.
There isn't one person in this audience who just benefited in the least bit
was entertained, amused, anything from that conversation.
But it does keep the kitchen good time.
Oh, God.
Yeah, it just got back from Vegas.
We had a great time, Neil.
Good.
Drop me a postcard.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I'm kind of nervous.
I've never called your show before.
Never heard of this.
Listen, for a long time.
I have a couple of comments to make.
Going back earlier or speaking about.
This lady in the other class.
My wife is a third grade teacher.
Yeah.
And it is a shame.
I mean, it's beyond belief.
And it's unbelievable that here these people want to build this multi-millionaire.
A new toy.
Yeah.
They can clear sandbox.
Uh-huh.
And in the meantime, our children are going to school in portables.
Sir, you don't understand.
Well, but not on the leave of it.
It is not unbelievable because the people here don't say what I said earlier in a show.
And I know I'm right.
The people in this state and in this area don't care about education.
Because if they did, that wouldn't be going on right now.
It is not here.
Beyond like, I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
My wife and you could contact or speak to any elementary school teacher.
And I will tell you that you won't find one of them that will tell you that they don't spend at least.
$250 out of their own pockets.
Yeah.
Every year for supplies for the kids.
Yeah.
And then I agree with you, sir, but you can't change the public.
You can't force feed them.
They don't care.
They don't give a claim.
It is.
It's, I don't know.
It's beyond rationale.
I know.
That's America for you, man.
Unreal.
We can find all the money in the world for stadiums and arenas in the billionaires and trillionaires of sports.
And people with jocksteps, but when it comes to taking care of your kids, when it comes to educating them,
protecting them, whatever, nobody cares.
It's forget it.
And then another thing that, I don't know, it's, I come to say it wasn't done like a out.
You know, whatever happened that a sunshine law thing.
I come and wasn't put up to a vote because it wasn't because of the ballot.
Let me say it again, sir, because it's in the big county.
Well, you have a government.
Okay.
Have a great day, sir.
Five, sir.
And let me say it again.
It wasn't just Cubans, the anglers who bothered showing up to vote this fall in that election back in September.
The majority of them also voted for Mayor Penga Pakenia.
So you can be as angry as you want to Cubans, sir, but the fact is that the majority of all the people who voted in the county voted for Mayor Penga Pakenia.
For one of the most notorious con artists and crooks, whoever darkened our place, our joint.
Was he talking about drugs again?
Yes, only I'll give a message to our sales department.
I don't know what you're reacting like that for Joe.
This is not an egg-nog stand.
We don't sell egg-nog here.
You're not supposed to talk about it.
About what?
Right.
Huh?
About the fact that they keep coming up here looking for drugs?
Now, no, look at what just happened there.
What the hell was that?
What was what?
What'd you do?
The phone just magically, I was just ahead my thumb on it and then vanished.
Here's Horne-Autardale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, happy holidays.
Send to you.
All right.
Hey, listen.
I'm going to talk to you.
I'm going to talk to you.
I'm going to talk to you today, boy.
Hey, listen.
I wanted to tell you something.
You know, we were sitting over the holiday dinner last night.
Yeah.
And the comments came up about different talk show hosts.
And really?
And I must have been a scintillating conversation.
Yeah, it actually was.
I was going to actually turn into a semi-eated conversation over who was the best.
And, you know, I have the chance to, my work involves me driving around every day
throughout the Tri-County area.
And all I do is I try to, you know, I listen to everybody here and there.
But one of the things that I realized last night with talking to everybody was that
over the last few months, when everything has gone on, gone on,
I've really learned to respect you in your show.
I guess more so you didn't, but in the show, it's simple.
Because you put some thoughts in my mind, especially over the last 35 days of the election
and everything that, you know, like one of the things you said was, hey,
we're all not getting along.
That's all we got to do.
We're all going to make it to the next four years.
And then, just that one little thing he said right there just opened me up and made me respect you.
Well, let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
Is that a difficult topic?
In other words, is there any point in getting all psychotic and crazy about it?
Or is it not you who do that best you can do about it?
You do the best we can.
That's right.
Because he named it, I'm not saying the attorney general of the country.
There's no reason to get upset about that.
Well, well, just like you said, we got to get along and we'll make it.
I mean, we've made it through worse.
That's right.
You know, regardless of what happens, who stole what and who's doing what's present?
And just remember, if they think this guy is stupid, remember Gerald Ford,
he makes this guy look like Einstein.
Right.
So, why have him?
Hey, you know what?
It should make us off smarter.
It should make us off smarter people.
For those of us that say they don't realize what took place or more than we're just whining in this situation.
If you've been listening today, they're working yet.
Maybe a slow mo.
A complete reaction.
Let me ask you a quick question.
Yeah.
I'm not going to beg you for tickets, but I will do is a little bit.
I will not give an aid ticket to.
I will buy some of your Neal promotions and make a donation to your benefit.
How's that sound?
Well, what does that mean?
I don't, I would be willing to pay, not you, but for your benefits and for your cause.
To purchase those tickets.
Why?
Why?
Because it's going somewhere better instead of defeating Wayne and his anger.
And you know, that beautiful little house in the rest of his family own all along.
So, in other words, basically what you want to do is you want to come into the back door.
And that's the real reason why you called Sir, after you put it in the up and sucked around and you listen for the last.
And you had a big conversation that dinner last night over the holidays about partial hosts.
Are you believing that?
You talk about convoluted.
Why not just get right to the meat of the matter, Sir?
Why beat around a portion of waste all this valuable time at this tremendously important program
when you just got through Succame and so hard and tell me what a brilliant man I am and how I made you think about all this other bull crap, all this gratuitous lie.
It was just a freaking lie.
All you wanted was free F-Mint Pickets Pound or you wanted to give the money to a chair.
Why not go on support our charity without hockey tickets?
Like all those other people did.
Will they do it?
No.
You'll let your sweet ass you won't do it because the whole purpose of that call was to suck around for tickets.
How do you like that?
Is that shocking in this town?
I will, I give it to you.
Amen.
1257 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
430-560 WQAM by Hemi Port Lauderdale, a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.com or the world.
Oh, Brian, it's the one to two hours.
Not that you have to stop.
You've been an actor who comes from the UK.
Jumping in prison in a white friendly way.
Stop with the talk.
A sense of humor to make someone chuckle.
I thought you'd get cars with as easy as my go.
He was caught by cops in Hollywood.
And I thought that he was up to no good.
And on that Friday cars the big mall when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
Get a hooker and get a blow job.
In the back he came down on his knob.
Stop broke it up.
They saw her head bob when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
English don't have sex.
They drink too much tea.
Unless you're part of the royal family.
But you guys not like that.
He's no evil snob.
He's got a hooker.
He's got a blow job.
Get a hooker and get a blow job.
Oh, Brian.
In the back he came down on his knob.
Stop broke it up.
They saw her head bob when you got a hooker and got a blow job.
He's got a blow job.
Yeah, he's got a blow job.
He's got a blow job.
He's got a blow job.
I was in great with you.
202-560.
There's another one that just leaves me.
Cool, man.
He grand.
Is he got talent?
No.
Does he look good?
No.
Does he look sexual?
No.
Oh.
In addition to what he's British, which makes him like 14 strikes against him already.
What is the story with him?
Do you think he's a good actor?
Oh, no.
Oh, I hate him.
Man.
560-560.
0560.
0560 on the AT&T and for 0.
I can't stand people that say 0.
Like if you're giving a credit card number on the phone, like if you're buying an airplane ticket or something.
And you're giving a credit card number.
Do you say 0?
Or do you say 0?
Sometimes I say 0.
Just assuming me.
Every now and then I slip and I do say 0.
And I'm going to make it a New Year's resolution.
I will never say 0 again ever.
Just to piss off that silly wimpy queen that called before.
It was like he was having a nervous knit about it.
Get it right.
Get it right.
Man.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Let me answer you.
What year was the last time we had a real call from Hi, Alia?
Can you remember?
1875.
Here's a mobile in the keys.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Mobile in the keys.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, Dale.
This is a quickie just to report that we're listening to your show.
Back to my arm, unfortunately, from gay west.
There's a couple of facts.
Who knows?
It's up here for tickets.
We care for its profitability of having a three-way with you.
Yeah, okay.
Likely story.
Okay.
Go clean up your act and you're a four-skin too.
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
And for Rise the Wireless Line.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
I am a big basal fan.
Yeah.
I would like to have a stadium bus.
This guy will go away on the air.
He's headed right under mail.
It's an education.
It's a lot of money here.
It's a mess.
I tell you the thought to kids.
The other thing I'm going to tell you is.
It's um...
Okay, great.
567-0560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
And for Rise the Wireless Line.
Oh, boy.
I'll tell you.
You guys have really got your thumbs on it today.
Here's Florida City.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Let's go ahead and do that.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing okay.
But the audience here has got some serious problems.
I was going to be going to bring that up because I can see you have a very short patience today.
No, I don't.
I don't think I have all the patience I ever have.
It's just that we got a lot of answers today.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't have a good one of them.
I just wanted to ask you a question.
I don't know what I've probably been talking about.
I've already talked about law enforcement issues before.
I just received a federal speeding ticket.
What's all that?
I don't know.
That's all I was calling.
I was in Everglades, a natural park.
And we were driving along and the speed limit's 55, we were going 73.
And we received a federal speeding ticket.
You should have told them they'll make a federal case out of this.
That's what you tell them.
Who is this from?
What kind of guy?
No, no.
No one even knew.
You just smoking the bear pulled you over.
Who was that?
A regular looking police car.
Wasn't a park ranger.
Yeah.
It was a regular looking police car with lights all night yards.
You know regular fashion.
Like an FHP?
Yeah, it's kind of FHP.
You know what he looked like?
He looked like he looked like there's a 50.
But not kind of FHP.
What was it?
Not kind of...
There's no such thing as kind of FHP looking.
No, it doesn't say I can tell you the officer's name was Kent Looney.
Yeah.
Looney?
Looney.
I think you have started closer to the answer.
And when I mail in the money, I have to send it to the Central Violations Bureau in Atlanta, Georgia.
Excellent.
Well, don't do it again.
5667-0560, Pond 560, Looney.
Even a copso Looney today.
I'm the Neil Rogers show.
This is great.
Thanks for to be here at 2 from Flyway, none too soon.
Lamar Thomas will be joining him at 5.
Jim Mad Dog, Maddard to 6th at the Automata Clonson, EDK at 10.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Happy holidays to you.
Thank you.
I want to jerk you around.
I'll get right to the point.
I would like an opportunity for a shot at the ticket.
And here's why.
Sir, sir, wait a minute.
When you start out by saying a shot at the tickets, there is no shot at any tickets.
How many times have you heard me say that?
I didn't.
Well, how could you be listening to the program then?
I was.
I asked whoever was taking the calls if they were still available.
And he went, yes, otherwise I would have just gone about my business.
If what was still available, what tickets are you talking about?
Tickets to the Leafs game.
Yeah.
And what tickets are those?
You got them somehow from upper management?
Right.
And what did I say when I got them?
I didn't hear that part.
Well, how do you know that I got them?
How could you know I got them from upper level management if you didn't hit that part?
That's what I said.
You said so.
Yeah.
And I said there is no chance I'm giving these away.
Well, if you would consider it, at least I didn't go around the dining room table five times before.
I finally got to it.
When I was 13, I was in an all-boy school and I was in my dorm room listening to the radio.
And I listened to Foster Hewitt called a 67 cup final.
It was so exciting.
Foster Hewitt didn't call a 67 cup final.
Bill Hewitt did.
Was it Bill?
Bill Hewitt.
It wasn't Foster?
No.
There is no chance that it was Foster.
I'm going to pay for that.
Right in the car.
I'm going to pay for it.
That was Bill Hewitt.
You're the best.
But that's that.
And the answer is still not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And by the way, that was not from 67.
Oh, I could dig that one up.
I got Bob Vaughn playing on a broken ankle.
I was Bill Hewitt, sir, doing that game.
Bill Hewitt.
The great Bill Hewitt.
It's by the way that Al Stracken says,
who wouldn't know a hockey announcer if they stuck one up his ass.
This is just, I'm trying to come up with a word for this performance by the audience today.
Since the election stuff petered out, it's been, we have, it's like somebody pulled a goddamn drain out of a, a, a, a, a, a bathtub.
And like we're getting sucked right down into the pipe.
Into the septic tank with these people.
This guy was 13 years old and he was listening to Foster Hewitt doing the 67 cup final.
On CBL 740 in Toronto, eh?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great. Happy holidays.
Same to you. Happy new year.
Neil, what word about the audience today?
Stuck.
Uh-huh.
So listen, I, I want to give you a heads up.
I was listening to the L. Worse team the other day.
Yeah.
And he were, they were kind of beaten up on the old because they had this trivia question.
Did you hear about it about the baseball question?
No.
They asked some car trivia questions.
Who's been hitting the face by more baseball?
Yeah, huh. Very funny.
56670560.
Say how do your boyfriend, John Henry, while you're at it too, sir.
This is 560 QAL.
Hello, Canada and hockey fans in the United States and Newfoundland.
And I'd like to big hello to Canadian servicemen overseas.
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind,
then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y?
That's right, folks, because here at the Y,
we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet.
And you've never seen a thread like this one.
See, three, some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican, don't let the Y because every night is taco night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild dicks,
our chef, for arrow, looks like eating sauteed rabbit,
baked in a golden flower crust.
That's right.
Air pie.
It's all here.
Literally, mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steaks,
cooked medium rare.
Because when you eat at the Y,
all the meat is baked in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food,
here's an unusual entree.
A red hot-teach-and-new-sake.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears here, eyes.
Let's back in, good-dress you.
One minute.
No, the next time, shoot it out.
Light on down to the Y.
What the pecky highway on the hip, or one-hack?
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One 14 at five, 60, everybody's here.
Now, the best part of this last oral part
that called it just before the break there.
Best part about him is he don't even have a line right.
Not who is hit by most baseballs in the face you idiot.
You said or a troll, you pathetic or queen you.
Who is hit by the most balls in the face you jackass?
Oh, God!
Yeah, no contest.
So what's the point?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Let's chat with them.
What is it?
Call me back on a real phone.
Okay, it's like crap.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
I think you should can this tape and put it on the best of
because that call with the guy went back and forth
to Schwarcher in the water moment.
Yeah, he was good.
Oh man, that was priceless.
He's priceless.
I don't know if he was put on our web.
Now he was real.
That's the best part of the whole bill.
Yeah, that was priceless.
As far as Wayne Hypinga,
man, he's been a cancer here for everybody.
Everybody thought it was Santa Claus and it turned out to be the devil.
Yeah, baby.
He took a crown.
He took a crown.
What he did with the mountains was, was shameful.
Right.
Andrea, I'm not crying over it,
but I want to see the stadium built.
And I know we got a thousand and one thing here that need fixing.
But if this bet tax money.
Why do you want the stadium to be built?
There's nobody going to the games in the first place.
What's the point?
5.670560,
pound 560 on a 18T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Where's Tony O'Lanne who get up at the crack of dawn?
Yeah.
And let's hear the rest of it.
Come on.
Mary Mary, quite good.
Okay.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
How you feeling?
First time long time.
Good to hear from you.
You just said that, yes.
Are we good?
Great.
I like to say.
There you go.
Every time the wife made it,
got to come in, got to bring your price in my sense.
5.670560,
pound 560 on a 18T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
This is your lives right here.
This is, if we had Ralph Edwards,
here would be perfect for the occasion.
This is a medley of your life.
South Florida.
Like looking in a mirror,
what you hear today.
Here's Carl Spring, hello.
Yeah, I do.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
That's like 16 years in the old Eastern League.
And if you have the orders up there like that,
Stanley and John Mitchell and guys,
like that, they have to act the same way as Wayne Heisenga.
But instead of turning around and keeping a ticket
from your drawer,
why don't you give them some bus without an old pocket hockey player
just after they're played?
They can't afford to pay tickets.
Because why should we want people in those seats?
You're missing the whole point.
I understand.
You're missing the whole point.
The point is the protest.
And you don't have a protest by giving away tickets to free loaders
so they can put their ass in the seat
and make it look like somebody cares.
Stop the sucking.
I'm not giving away anything to anybody.
You can suck so hard that your cheeks invert.
And it's still like going to work.
And there's plenty of tickets available.
If you want tickets, you can buy them with both hands.
For any game you pick,
there are tickets available up the S.
There are thousands of people disguised as empty seats
in all colors and varieties and shapes.
Here's a mobile and cross-spring.
Hello?
Yeah, happy holidays to you.
Happy holidays to you.
Yeah, what's better than winning a gold ball?
No matter on a special Olympics.
560-560, 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
New?
Lady in Bokeh. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, good.
I've finally got you.
I've been a fan for a long time.
I'm 72 year old retired person here.
Been a journalist all my life.
And there's something that I wanted to tell you about
in case you don't know it.
And you probably do.
I discovered an organization called Freedom
from Religion Foundation in California.
I've been plugging them for years.
Oh, really? I'm sorry.
I don't get to listen to you regularly.
And of course you thereby get their publication
free thought today.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, good.
And they offer the Vatican Wagon that I love that.
And also, I guess I don't have much else to say other than
I'm so sorry about everything that happened in Florida.
And I am, I don't know how I'm ever going to get over it.
I thought of leaving the country.
But I can't do that.
So I'm here just hoping I can survive until the next election time around.
Okay.
I'll listen to you in a little while.
Hang on tight.
All right.
Have a happy New Year.
Same to you.
Okay, bye-bye.
5607-0560-050560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless One.
We're still waiting for our first real call of the day.
You think it's coming?
What do you say?
What are the odds?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
You will give me those.
Mobile in Hums that our last call of the day.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, sir?
The best.
Hey, first time call us.
Just moved down about a year ago.
Trying to figure out why.
Bad move.
We're moving from where?
Actually, Midwest Illinois, the California here.
Oh, stop.
Stop.
Yeah, it's job transfer.
What can you do?
Anyway, I want to let you know that I bought three of your CDs for Christmas and gave
Sentos back to Illinois for a little Christmas talking stuff.
They were the talk of the Christmas evening.
Thank you.
So, just one to pop into the Heidi Buds.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great New Year.
You too.
Bye-bye.
There you go.
He's not from here.
That's why it's a nice guy.
He's not from here.
It hasn't been in a long enough to become bitter, obnoxious, and crazy.
He will, though.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to ask you about today's Miller.
What's your comments on him?
Comment on him about what?
Well, you know, I mean, what do you think about him as a commentator?
He's an abortion.
He's not a commentator.
He belongs on here like my little dog belongs on.
He doesn't belong on those games.
Do you think he's going to, uh, go back to the season, like, an economy or a key point?
If they have any brains at all, they'll say goodbye now.
Good.
Believe it.
Don't hurry back.
So that's the door.
H.N.E.S.
Yeah, I agree.
Found a good one.
Okay.
There's nothing worse than, as you noticed from today's show from a lot of these colors.
There's nothing worse than somebody trying desperately to be funny, who's not.
And the fact that we got these sports nerds on here, so many of them like debating all of them.
He didn't, he didn't bother me that much.
He hasn't brought on there.
He's a piece of crap.
He's a deterrent.
He is a detriment to the enjoyment of those telecasts.
Even when I have a great game like the Tampa Bay game in St. Louis last week.
He is a detriment.
He's a piece of scum on the face of the earth.
And he's no darn show would.
Can't remind me more of a British show would.
Sure, man.
Alan Sherman.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi there.
I am actually a second generational longtime listener of you.
And I recently, about eight months ago, moved out of South Florida.
And I'm only coming back to visit my parents, but I have to tell you, it is so refreshing to be reinforced
as to why you leave South Florida.
Right, and this show, that's what we use.
That's the purpose we serve here.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
Ignoreance here is unmistakable.
And I really think it's exemplified, you know, during the holidays these are out in the shopping mall,
and my friend and I are in a car and I see this truck.
And it's literally going to hit us.
And we deep out it and this guy yells out the windows, soft-mine, you know, whatever.
And yeah, I mean, you know, people here are just grateful.
And another thing, and I guess I'm just trying to get you to some AMR radio listening up in Atlanta.
No one really said it like you.
And I know I missed this whole election thing here in South Florida.
Thank God, because it was so humiliating.
Yeah.
To even be strong for that.
But not surprising though, huh?
You know, it's really not surprising.
And I have to tell you, I even came down for Thanksgiving, everyone was like, oh, we're going to go get some votes.
I mean, it's just, it's delicious.
Yeah.
The type of reputation we have across the country.
You know, I think you're really nailed at this morning.
And I know you don't want to go over the election again.
But there are so many more reasons as to why it went down the way it did.
And when you mentioned, oh, you were meant in closet anti-Semitic.
I mean, anyone who wouldn't say that would be a reason is just another ignorance.
You know, if you see it's not politically correct, you just don't say those things because we're supposed to believe the goody Tushu's media approach that everybody is broad-minded.
And we don't have that anymore.
And yada yada, all sorts of the bull crap.
And of course, that's nonsense.
Grill lost every single state in the South including Florida.
And the fact that he had a, not just a Jew, but a far-bitching out of the closet Jew who wore it on his sleeve, like Jewelie Bremen on the ticket with him, there wasn't a chance in hell he was going to win those states.
It's very sad commentary.
It was like an invitation to lose any did.
Right. Well, I think the saddest part is that how little time that that particular subject got.
They would rather spend more time on ballots and on stupidity rather than really facing some deep issues.
Because the real you, you're never going to get the truth from the American media.
All they do is sugarcoat everything and make sure that whatever they say is politically correct.
Well, anyway, just wanted to say, like I said, second-generational long-time listener, always wanted to call you.
I'm leaving out to go back to Atlanta tonight.
Have a happy, happy, happy new year.
You too.
Okay, don't come back to us tonight.
We are. It's back for your mental health.
Good luck.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
The people who are from out of town or the people who got out of here and are just coming back visiting those that want to make sense today.
The right of the people is like that, as usual.
As usual.
How do you like that?
And see, people like that leave the area.
She sounds like a sweetheart.
And she sounds like a nice person, yeah.
Like a living and breathing person with a brain bigger than her ring finger.
I heard those tickets.
I heard those tickets.
And you'll notice now one single call of support.
Not one person.
I'm supposed to be Mr. Hockey-Mavin, wasting a lot of time against my better interest talking this crap on the air in a town where nobody even knows what it's all about.
Not one person calling, say, you know what?
You're right.
I'm not going to waste one more minute of my time, even if I bought my tickets already, subsidizing that crap until I do something.
So don't be going there, bellyache and ambition about it, because you're part of the problem.
The fact that even a respected number of people continue showing up, that's why they can start getting away with it.
Because you're a man, because you're a man.
In addition to which about 80% of people are there in the first place, aren't there to see a game anyway?
They're just there as a social event, to schmooze because they have no life, because they want to get on their cell phone and see if they can impress you.
Because there are a bunch of plastic assholes.
That's why about 80% of those people are in that building.
Plastic assholes.
Those are the ones who get up in front of you and they're walking back and forth and they're up and down the aisle.
Oh, you don't really want to see the game do you?
What are you upset about? Am I in your way?
You know, that's the best thing about watching a game on TV in my house.
Nobody gets up and stands in my way when I want to see the game.
Oh my God, your breath so beautiful.
Hey, Southwalled Earth, it's time for us!
Adding billions of dollars to the economy.
It's the best!
You can get...
What?
Well, you said we don't.
Oh, you got to do it.
Take close attention to this poorly written copy.
That's part of the fun.
Figure out what we're desperately trying to say and get.
That's right.
Coming right here in Southwalled, or something, or whatever.
And it is now.
I hope it did do with FedEx.
With could being, you'll get...
...or the night.
Adding billions of dollars to the economy.
And you know what that means?
More empty stadium.
One thing we know for sure, it must be about some kind of weird sporting.
Of course, only the dumbest a drunken sport host can understand what we're talking about.
That's the best!
Don't write, do something now, and go wherever it is.
Consisting!
What is it again?
131 at 550 WQAM.
And they got an office shooting in Wakefield, Massachusetts.
I'm CNN right now.
That's the American f***ing way.
So I'm really glad for a Glenn from Miramar, who was our first asshole caller in the day,
out of a long list of many.
You and all your gun nuts out there.
I'm glad that this tremendous proliferation of guns, all over America,
so that you can have a lot more of these stories to keep MSNBC and CNN in business.
Here's a call in the Redlands.
Hello.
And afternoon sir.
Yes sir, great.
I'm glad you had a great weekend away from here.
It's fantastic.
I don't know how much of Friday show you caught after George took it.
Just on the way to the airport.
That was not way, just man.
That was the best show ever.
Really?
It was great.
And what did he do?
He just played all kinds of bids.
Well that's what I did.
From really old stuff.
Well you were playing a lot of Christmas stuff.
I didn't know you had that much Christmas stuff.
Yeah, I heard what he said.
He said that I played all the Christmas stuff.
Yeah, I did.
I got it.
I know, Dominic.
Well you found a couple of them.
You don't make a CD for just for Christmas next year.
Oh yeah.
You don't make extra dope.
You're right.
There you go.
So they can download that one too from Napster.
Oh gee, you didn't think about that.
I don't download that by it.
Well, I forgot to bless you.
And I win the other 10 people.
One thing I want to call you about is I got my wife turned on the manage now.
Yeah.
And that woman called a month or so ago and she was talking about, she turns the TV down and turns the radio up.
Sure.
So Saturday the game came on and it was raining and crappy.
And I like to flip the top thing on.
Sunday?
Huh?
Sunday whatever day.
Yeah, Sunday right?
One of those days.
One of those days it was crappy anyway.
Oh, and the God.
And so the game comes on and she says, quick, turn the radio on.
Sure.
And we laughed all our asses off the whole damn game.
Man, that guy's the greatest.
He is.
He's underrated.
I'll tell you that.
Well, he's smart enough though to have his own business though.
You don't need radio.
That's good point.
He needs like any ten words.
Well, good luck to you.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
And now what Matt has said, he needs like any ten words, something like that.
Whatever that.
And no luck yet, Jim.
Now he's still locking the closet down there.
Yeah, Jim Matties will try to get out of his closet between 6 and 10 in the PM that I run after Hank.
Get him out of there so we can both camp and roll about 15 rounds, 12 rounds.
Now, who do you think we would net fight?
Huh?
I mean, Nandich is a pretty tough customer, but I see that as being like a Peter Wilhelm tie,
don't need fight, you know, where Kimba is just like pounding like straight down on top of his head.
Plus, Bose got like 10 years on him.
10 years in from what I'm here in 10 inches in height.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year, Neil.
And back to what I go back to the I.
I told low days that so long have been listening to your show.
Yeah.
I just want to let you know I went to the registry hotel not knowing that Mr. Heipengo owns that establishment now.
I have a family reunion over the weekend and what a ripoff.
Seven dollars for two copies out of the ice cream store in the morning because I got down to Malabi before the dining room was open.
Nice.
Seven bucks.
Well, times your tough man times your really tight.
I mean, I'm under the $30 to play the Naples Grand Hotel.
Uh-huh.
The golf course that is 130 bucks.
Anyway, not that I can't afford it.
It's just that I don't like getting ripped off.
Anyway, can I leave you with a little faster?
I was a I'm from Toronto.
I've been here for 22 years.
I was in the Coles Street flats many, many evenings just like you have been.
Can I leave you with a little faster here?
Yes.
Hello, Canada and hockey fans from the United States.
This is Foster.
He was talking to you from the Donald Napoli Gardens where tonight the Detroit Red Wings and the Pearson Fleeceum of Amalindia and Howe will try and match strides with Frank Mahalich clear the track here.
Come, Shack and David Keon.
That's the RMO.
18 remaining of the black and red.
Here's the new comfort head.
Right here.
Oh, and this is the sixth and fifth there.
And I'll put the box.
And I'm just firing it all with that.
It's going five times back to stay away.
Foster, put a lid on already.
Will you?
I'll put the lid back on him.
Put it back in the box.
5.67, oh.
Boy, they cranking all of a sudden down the hall with power 96 and a half.
Are they going nuts or all of a sudden out of nowhere?
Just started cranking.
You can feel the guy that I'm well ready to collapse in this joint.
Must be Don Cox out of control again.
Here's the mobile and four-water deal.
Hello.
Hey, Doc.
What is it?
Hello.
Mobile and four-water deal.
Okay, another moron.
Here's the mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm okay.
I have a question.
You know what I mean?
You have a problem with people that don't know about how he's going into hockey games.
Yes.
Why?
Why would you agree if you don't understand it and you want to see the game?
Well, that's the main reason that you want to go.
So you want to learn about it.
How can you learn about it by wandering around in a hollow hole and the game is on?
Well, that's different.
But just sit in on your shoes.
that they made that you know just be quiet there and either watching the game or whatever.
Be quiet.
I don't watch the game now.
I mean I don't see the problem.
I don't see the reason.
You don't have to be.
I'm not just going to go.
What did I just get you saying?
Which words didn't come from the, which words didn't you understand?
What was that?
5.670560.
The word you didn't understand I think was, was that one.
Here's the mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
You know what the Panthers have today remind me of the least of the 80s.
I'm really from Toronto and I know about our days as the same as the Heizinga days here.
But my wife and I just came back from Toronto and we're actually going to go to the game
on Saturday because we can't find a ticket in Toronto to get to a game.
So we're going to put our least jerseys on and go down on Saturday.
Have a good time with the other probably 5,000 leaf fans that are going to be there.
There are guys making a hundred grand a year outside the air Canada Center scalping tickets
this year, the 500 and some odd at the stadium only for every home game.
Exactly.
So what there's no hockey here.
There's no passion for the game.
No passion for the game.
We're going to have a good time and that'll be it.
There's no passion in the first place.
Then you compound that with the fact that you got an owner.
It's basically doesn't give a crap.
Just waiting to make a sale and these people, nobody here is willing to make a protest.
They don't give a crap.
They didn't do it in Toronto either.
The 80s valid was, you know, being done.
But they don't compare this with Toronto.
The reason they didn't do it is because the people there are, they live, live, eaten,
eat it.
You know that as well as I do.
What is the comparison?
Well, I guess similar, but anyway, they'll let's go and I will see on Saturday.
Okay, pal.
No, can't you, pal.
Another hat trick this year, I think.
Anybody know who that is?
No.
Number nine.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Hey, come on Neil.
How about turning those hockey tickets?
What do you say?
Oh, come on.
Bring these last 20 minutes in the last segment.
Some poor crippled family out there, some bunch of beggars, sluppers living under the
overpass and over the underpass.
Somebody out there who's like living in a hand-em-off, can't even afford a slice of that
watermelon.
What do you say?
No.
What do you say, Joe?
The new two-in-a-lending man only should have talked about that today too because it's
the new millennium coming.
I'll do that tomorrow.
Kiss him off again.
It'll take place this new year's eve, not last new year, dummy.
What's the succession with hockey?
My great Joe.
She had the best performances on HBO and Comedy Central.
And outside of the few sympathetic juggles.
She still hasn't said anything for me.
But now you can judge for yourself.
With my great Joe's latest movie, Mississippi, Florida, Cheek.
Brother is the weirdest by far.
He's very strange.
He's 20.
And he used to be a surfer, but now he's a born-again Christian.
Oh, you'll be stunned that out loud the immaterial could be.
Hi, mommy.
I have clear your disease.
Oh, God.
So, all staffs that have learned to death on stage, they're explaining the Jews from.
Do your Korean parents feel ashamed that their daughter talks about what you talk about on stage?
Oh, she's not a driver.
She's not a pretty.
But as she put it, she's up to it.
Come on, little somebody last, please.
Margaret, Joe, sympathy for the chick.
Available now in all circle casters.
What is she related to blood summers?
144 at 560 WQM.
560 705 680.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line tool free call.
Out of comic and a waistcoat.
Look at that.
Fort Myers, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Comment.
Suggestion request.
Comment.
I'm glad that you don't do a lot of best dogs.
I mean, as long as you've got George helping out, that's great.
Yeah.
A lot of these shows, they throw on reruns during the holidays.
So this is great.
Request is as data does it is.
Yeah.
Danny and Jimmy, Jimmy and Danny.
And, uh, suggestion.
As bad as the call for Ben, including this one, I think you should go call us until next Friday.
Okay.
Some of the two on.
Happy, happy winter holiday season.
Okay.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny, uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny is Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny is Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny at Danny Danny and Danny and Danny and then Danny will have known how to live through Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
They did what they.
And Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
And that's more about Jimmy and Danny after this word,
from Valley along the province,
wherever your father comes with its own frigid air.
146 and 560 QM.
It still has its moments, you know.
Yeah.
Warbrings Vesson really bad memories.
560, 560, Palm 560 on the AT&T,
the Inforizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you there?
I'm here.
Are you there?
No, yeah, I've got you.
This Captain Kim calling wishing you a Happy New Year.
And I think you should look forward to this next four years
of the political arena.
You're in the entertainment business, right?
Yeah.
This is not a new show per se, correct?
Yeah.
Well, I think you're going to have a lot of material,
a lot of this administration.
Look at the headboard in there.
You'd have nothing like you're going to have with Bush in this group.
Uh-huh.
Don't you agree?
Absolutely.
Well, God, I thought I'd get a rise out of you.
I've been so nasty to date everyone.
Let the hells your problem.
Yeah.
Pick it up, Neil.
What is it?
I say, pick it up.
Yeah, pick this up, OK, pal?
Oh, man.
Well, what is with these people?
I understand that you were here over this Christmas weekend
and I wasn't.
So I happened to be in a very, very good frame of mind.
But what, how is it possible for there to be somebody sour, bitter, hostile?
I'm the one that's been brutal to everybody today?
Yeah, I guess that's what's called turn them out as a bitch.
And oh, that's what I did give away those tickets.
That's the problem.
I didn't give anything away.
Free.
See, you got it backwards, guys.
Free is our stuff.
We get everything that this show is about free.
For us, not for you, for us.
Now, what are the odds on this?
What are the orders and numbers on this call from Haley?
Hello?
I deal.
Yes, sir.
First, I'm calling from Haley and hopefully I'll ask you something intelligent.
OK.
Here we go.
Listen, I'm one of the people of New England.
Wait a minute.
Seven people killed in Wakefield office shooting in Wakefield, mass.
I'm the CNN right now.
Seven people murdered.
Oh, my.
Yeah, that's America.
On the holidays, no less.
But anyway, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
OK, a lot of the few disgruntled borders that go there for our goal.
And well, we're not talking about that.
So the election's over last time.
I know.
Let me ask a question.
We're not talking about that anymore.
Let's ask you a question, though.
About what?
About your informed.
I'm not.
What is this new thing I heard in C-SPAN with the Scalia sons and old news?
Sir, it's old news, old news, old news.
They work for the law from Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, old news,
old news, get a life, get a life, get a hobby, take a part cheesy,
take a parking car, take a bagging under the overpass.
Here's all the facts from Mary at the falls.
This says, believe it or not, I'm an 80-floor radio.
And I haven't made it out yet.
I didn't go to one panther game.
That was to see the other team.
I do want to let you know I support you.
I'm not attending the Panther games in school.
Wayne, I can't even watch them free on TV because every time I flip over
that big moon rail is giving a cheap shot to somebody.
You hear the fans in the background telling the refs off, the fans need a rule book.
When we went to the game, a girl was on her cell phone talking to somebody
on the other side of the arena.
That's why Mary placed the castle, like I said.
I'm happy for all the players who have been traded off this pitiful team.
Let the people say what they will about your robby, but at least he paid for a stadium.
Happy New Year, says, Mary at the falls.
Happy New Year, see you, Mary.
And you're right on target, sweetheart.
Oh.
So what's this thing I heard on C-SPAN about the...
Here's a call in Miami. Hello.
Bill. Yes, sir.
All right.
I'll put you in for the morning hockey tickets.
Is this the beginning of a story?
Yes.
Yeah.
And...
He's being coached.
And...
Poorly, evidently. That was his only line.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello.
Hi. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I did some...
A couple of college ago you had to only talk about need more money for education and stuff.
And I had to put them to have a couple days ago that really does emphasize that point.
What's a McDonald's?
Or two cheeseburgers?
Actually, two hamburgers with fries and a soda.
It looked up to the salt they had like a number two or number three.
Whatever meal that is.
Number two?
Yeah.
They had the two cheeseburgers.
But I figured, well, hey, I'll get a few cents off and I'll take the meal.
So I can't say you're actually looking at a half of your number two.
You have the two cheeseburgers but hold the cheese.
Okay. I'll pay.
I go to the next one and then they give me my order.
I look in the bag.
I got two hamburgers all as well.
That makes my fries my soda.
I pull up to a little trash can to throw some stuff away.
And I get ready to go to leave the silly lady.
I'm running out with the bag on her hand.
Pound on my car.
Stop, stop.
I open the door.
I pull on the window.
She says, here's your order.
You ordered two cheeseburgers, no cheese.
I said, well, I have two hamburgers here and that's why I ordered.
And how do you get two cheeseburgers with no cheese?
Well, that is for the meal.
I went like two hamburgers with no meat.
Well, no, this is for the meal price.
For the number two meal, whatever you get.
And the bottom line is.
Well, the only thing that I wanted to do was to make special two hamburgers with no cheese.
Wrap them up in cheese and the yellow cheese paper.
I said, for a cheeseburger, I said, well, I have a special order ticket.
Yeah, the table.
How are they?
567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Shane was Shane with the request.
Could you play all you can eat and eat, grow?
No.
Here's Daniel.
I'll try to ride on a side dog.
I hate you.
You're a bastard.
152.0560.
W-A-S.
This is 560.
Q-A-L.
Your station for all South Florida sports is.
Sports radio 560.
Q-A-L.
I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather.
It was worthless original.
And I was sure I remember it like it was only yesterday.
Hey Billy, let's play a game.
What?
Just sort of got my pocket.
A piece of candy.
Hey, it's guarded by a snake.
Great game.
Grandpa, I don't want to play this game anymore.
Who's this?
Let's play, find the candy and the crevice.
Oh, Grandpa, I always melt when you put it there.
Yes, those games would ramp off, scarred me who lies.
Which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scouring a whole new generation with worthless original.
Hey, Timmy, say hi to Wett Willie, the worthless wonderworld.
Oh, no, not the wonderworld.
Worthless original.
Giving children nightmares for over 60 years.
156.05.
Take it in the church.
At 560.00WQ.A.M.
Hank will be here at 2.
Mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Burn the tickets.
Yeah.
Turn them off.
Okay.
Put that lunar face high as Angabudu doll right on top of the fire.
Okay.
Hey, also I got a psychic message for you from Alan Ludden.
The password for today is...
Please.
Lady in Danyah, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I don't want the tickets.
Did you happen to see...
I want tickets.
Do I want tickets?
Do I want tickets?
No.
Did you hear, read Sunday's Sports Faction Centennial?
