A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A
Broward Sheriff Ken Jenny won't have far to go to keep an eye on the sex business in some of his deputies.
How about next door? A sex supermarket just opened its doors at the corner of Broward Boulevard and Northwest 25th Avenue.
One small block east of Sheriff's Office headquarters, one of the short block east of the B.S.
Ooooooo!
We get at least 10 deputies a day, ultimate adult video owner Peter Pasad. They're among our best clients.
Some of them come in uniform. Some of them come in uniform.
Squirt Squirt got a show up they got a big laundry bill for that, huh?
And in their patrol cars, usually they're big on sex toys, condoms and videos.
Sex toys, how do you like that?
I wonder what Lisa Campbell would think about. Remember Lisa Campbell?
Hey baby, I'm gonna use you as a sex toy. And what a wide choice they have. The 4,500 square foot
places in inventory of 25,000 adult items, including 6,000 videos per sale and 6,000 per rent.
It's at the corner of Broward Boulevard and Northwest 25th Avenue by the way.
Not that I want to give them a free plug. I want to give them a free plug.
Why the hell not?
It's good enough for the B.S.
Ooooooo!
To be going in there and shopping, they must have a big selection. Probably about this big.
I wouldn't be surprised if it shows up over there looking for a big black one.
And in Vildo 2.
So what does how does a sheriff who try to make a name for himself by going after private sex
comes to feel about the store? The man won't talk to the insider, but Jenny Spokeswoman Cheryl Stochnick said,
the sheriff feels that if people conduct his business legally, they have the right to exist.
Pass me while gave the sheriff a ringing endorsement.
I know about the rest of the sex clubs. You said that didn't make me nervous to set up.
Here I support attempts to cut down the prostitution and illegal nudity. Nothing like that goes on here.
How do you like that?
Now prostitution and illegal nudity is illegal to be nude inside like into a private place.
Isn't that interesting?
Isn't that interesting choice of words? Because he's got to choose his words carefully.
Because he don't want to piss off the BS especially our fashion sheriff, Ken Jenny.
Or he'll hear those stomping booths knocking at his door any second.
They'll be knocking him down door down with a swat team.
That's what they'll have. A big swat team.
So he's got to be careful. But he says that that business about illegal nudity.
There's no prostitution at the swing clubs. Is there no?
How can how can it be illegal to be nude inside of a private club? How is that possible?
You got me?
Hmm. I don't get it. Maybe it's illegal to be nude anywhere.
Is there illegal to be nude inside your house?
Uh-huh.
Oh, I see only in certain rooms. If you're nude in the kitchen by the way you're going to jail in Broward County.
Yeah, see you better watch your kitchen. That's what I'm telling you right now.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello?
Okay, that was good. There was our first call of the day.
Set the tone.
Ah!
That was excellent.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
AP just reported that the Cuban father's boy, the father the boy who's granded the custody.
Yeah.
I figured you'd be interested in hearing that.
Well, we probably know that but we don't have an AP wire here or a new wire.
Oh, you don't have an AP wire?
No, you wire now.
Oh, it's a little wire running on the floor here.
I think connects the hitbone of it and something.
But we're going to be allowed to go to date county or we have to barricade our house.
Well, you think it would out for yourself, man. Where are you?
I've been for a long time. I'm not going anywhere in a day.
I'd stay as far north as possible.
It's going to be a war down there.
I fall under the bed and just wait for the next ballgame.
We already said they want to put a chain around this house, the human chain.
Okay, just want to let you know.
Thanks for the good news.
You're going to do a daisy chain around the house.
So we'll have to see it.
Can we check the AP wire?
Man, wait, I got a message coming through now.
Yeah.
And here comes the AP wire.
Yeah.
What an absolute joke.
Well, I guess what I'll do.
I'll turn on CNN.
Thank you, sir, for at least advising me that something is going on.
And maybe he's right.
Maybe he's not.
I don't know.
He sounded like a legitimate human being.
There is the stock market and take another big dive.
Jesus got all mighty.
The NASDAQ.
Whoa, man.
Oh, that was yesterday.
How about still I don't care about stocks.
I don't want to get all depressed.
Let's focus in on Ilya.
Ilya, what is the name?
You be ill in?
I'm a poor little kid.
We'll get a lot of reports on this because we got some people out there
who actually have access to like what's really going on in the world,
which we don't hear.
Unless it has to do with a ball game,
unless you've got to do with something that has to do with people
are wearing jog straps, we got no news on it.
And if it's bad news like about Cecil,
we probably don't have too much news about that either.
And most of the people here don't read the newspaper watch TV.
I guess that's what it must be.
Because the story is like two days old
and finally the newspaper's got it right today.
Let's hear it for the Sun, Centrel and a Herald.
Yeah.
Better late than never.
I just don't get this down.
I mean, it's there oblivious.
That's that's your news media for it.
There was a run on our local news on Monday evening
and the yesterday's newspapers,
did they get the right information?
No.
And I'll all of a sudden today,
oh, guess what?
It confessed.
Which we'll get into.
And I want to spend a lot of time on that,
doing it.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.
60 WQM.
So anyway, well,
the papers were saying that it looks like the US was in client.
They were leaning toward giving them a father custody and sending them back.
They're leaning in that direction.
And like I said yesterday, what I quoted,
the only thing they're concerned about
is the local hysterical love.
I know.
I know.
I know.
10.
9 at 5.
60 WQM.
The proportion of this broad guess may be reproduced to that.
No, no, no, no, no.
I believe QAM,
B3,
REEF,
Acquisition Court.
No, say,
seguir al baño,
or dale,
cuerta,
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
I'm in reloat.
No matter how hard it's right,
I can't get for the day to guide us to time.
Now we're there.
She won't touch up in there.
No.
Shacety, I'm grieving.
It's so hard and believing.
Because it's really lots of fun.
Today the guy is really hungry.
I can't believe he's the last being.
You must be something.
I'm really don't know where I went from now.
I can't believe he's the last being.
I love him.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe he hurts anything I saw.
Pet 14 to 5.60 W to 2M.
We don't want to aim at a panic out there.
But if you're in dead county,
based on that first call this morning,
you better crawl into the bed.
Okay, well, we'll give you the all clear.
We'll bowl the horn.
We'll bowl the show for when it's all clear.
Let's you know what to come out when it's safe.
Stay off the roads and just wait for the worst.
Because it's going to happen.
Speaking of waiting for the worst to happen is to Josie Lamby.
He sure gets a good stuff, don't he?
No.
But anyway, he says the fireworks went off before midnight
at the Versace mentions why two K-bash and three of the entertainment world's
biggest bull faces were involved.
Or you know, I can get ready now.
I can get this ready.
You can't think for sh**, you can't think for sh**.
The party goers, South Beach's most famous house
tells me the spatter up to about 11.30 p.m.
when Jennifer Lopez crashed Donna,
televersace, she sit down dinner for 75 people
in the mansion's courtyard.
Aren't you really impressed by all those,
you know, people with a lot of money?
No.
All these plastic people.
People who think that they're very important
and famous people who are in the tabloids
and everybody's looking on their every guy day.
No.
I'm really impressed, aren't I?
No.
Revolors Madonna and the talented Mr. Ripley-starla
Gwenna Paltrow were marching on steak and salmon.
Took Umbridge at Lopez's presence.
Well, I can understand that because she's a disgusting bitch
and she probably smells bad too.
When Madonna saw the Kaliente Latina,
she stood up and declared dinner's over.
Madonna then walked to the far corner of the house
with British filmmaker and guy Richie,
Paltrow and her bowl musically can pressurio guy,
Ozeri, Eocere, whatever his name is.
Some guy.
All of a sudden Versace's table was nearly empty
and Lopez took one of the ticked off
Prima Donna's seats.
So why the bad blood?
Lopez's mouth runneth over in a trade magazine
when asked about civil fellow stars.
Lopez had some choice words for both Madonna and Paltrow.
About Paltrow, she said,
I don't remember anything she was in.
Some people got hot by association.
I heard more about her and Brad Pitt than ever heard about her work.
On the material girl, she said,
I think she's a great performer.
Yeah, do I think she's a great actress?
No, acting is what I do.
I'm like, hey, don't spit on my craft.
Don't spit on my craft.
Since that interview Madonna especially has despised Lopez
and entertainment insiders said,
no comments from anyone in the tipping trio.
Others selects parting in the area on New Year's Eve.
Oh, here we go.
Ricky Martin, you can't think this is.
Who emerged the next morning with a sweetest blonde?
Do.
Dude.
No, no, dude.
Dude looks like a lady is what they said.
He can't think this is.
Rosie O'Donnell speaking of disgusting people.
Rosie O'Donnell who toasted 2000 at home on Star Island.
We can't stand you, Rosie.
You're disgusting.
You're a disgusting fat dyke.
We can't stand you.
You're full of crap.
You're nauseating.
You have no talent.
You're not funny.
You quit trying to be a social reformer, which you're not.
You know something?
She's enough to start making me like Chuck Heston.
Exactly.
That's how disgusting that bitch is.
She's enough to make me go out and buy an arsenal of...
Smith and Western crap.
Or just some Western oil.
Donald Trump who left his own vassied palm beaches
more or lago to attend Revlon Boss,
Ron Proman and Galpel,
and El Barkin's Sware.
Isn't that exciting?
Man, I'm so impressed by that crap.
While these very, very important people
would alter goddamn money and all their problems
and all their neuroses, which is mostly what they have.
Just remember one thing.
All these people that have millions and millions and billions and billions of dollars.
Most of them are very neurotic and they're hooked on drugs and they're all screwed up
and they are impotent, et cetera, and so on.
And not only that, but when it comes to some of the people
mentioned in this article,
like Ricky Martin, for example,
besides he likes it down there in the bottom.
He can't think for sh**.
Yeah, that too.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, I was watching the news last night
and I'm sure you saw it.
That Steve Zool Cohen said he had a little too much liquor in him.
Yes.
And all that stuff.
And he basically confessed.
He wanted to take a look.
He confessed to the day before.
I had the story yesterday.
And he was like, what are you doing?
And both newspapers had it wrong.
He confessed to the world, but yesterday he went in depth and said that you know,
he drank and you loved, he just saw crack.
Yeah, he saw crack.
He's not a crack problem.
The big problem I have is with your radio station, especially Hank Goldberg,
for I don't remember if you noticed,
I'm sure you've heard it, heard when he said that he went to get his wick.
He had to dip his wick.
He didn't even know that he was in a candle store.
He didn't know the facts of the case and he's automatically assuming that this girl...
He's become because he likes most of the other people on this radio station.
But you won't.
They suck up to the jocks.
Anybody that Jimmy ever signed to a contract, they got their head on.
They all have their head up Jimmy's ass on this radio station.
Why do you always think of him?
This is why he always tell you.
Hank is a personal.
But this is business.
His opinion on this, he's totally wrong.
He's a sort of his personality because if he's a special...
He'll call him up and tell him that, okay?
Call him up and tell him.
I'm not going to sit here and rip Hank personally.
I like Hank but the fact is when he's full of crap,
I'll be the first one to tell you.
Or anybody else on this station.
And most of them are full of crap because like I've said a million times and he's no exception.
They all got their head up Jimmy's ass.
Oh yeah, he talked about Cecil and Cecil this and all he wanted to do is dip his wick
and we kill his side of the store.
Well we got his side of the story which we have in both papers today.
Transcript, show we can fast.
Oh he just wanted to go take a look.
He wanted to take a look.
Can we help you with anything sir?
Oh no just looking like he was in dillards with Peter Warwick.
And by the way somebody tell Lin Swan there's no W in the middle of that name.
It's Deon Warwick, it's Peter Warwick.
More illiterate jocks on the air pretending to be broadcasters.
That was a great game last night.
And like I said last year college football or better games.
How about how about the Michigan State?
Oh!
Last second field goal knocking off those disgusting,
petrified Steve Spurrier lead gators.
How about that Michigan Alabama and overtime,
the less with a lovely Tommy Brady?
Yeah and then last night.
There was more excitement in those three bull games than in the entire NFL season put together this year.
That's how bad the NFL is.
But the people on the station don't want to tell you that because this is your dolphin station
and they got to keep petlin the same old tired crap over and over again.
And Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah that's it.
Over and over and over again.
Adnauseum.
And of course because this town is a one no Charlie what do you expect?
Yeah Hank was totally totally full of pure unadulterated crap.
Duty.
Schmidt.
As far as Cecil Collins was concerned and I think some of the people on this station include especially him.
They want to apologize to that woman assuming automatically and like I told you.
I'm the only one that views these things objectively.
I got no vested interest.
I don't have to go and kiss Jimmy Johnson's ass or anybody else's for that matter.
And try to cover up for every disgusting obnoxious thing that he does.
How's that what's his name?
How's that nutcase doing? I went back to Philadelphia.
How's he doing these days?
Demetrius.
And how's labor ainess doing by the way he's pissed off.
He couldn't play last night labor alive under anus.
I mean it's one thing to be a sports fan.
It's another thing to make you living talking about or writing it.
But Jesus tried to be a little bit objective.
Oh yeah he there there's another side of the story.
The oldest trick in a book.
Turn the tables.
Put the spotlight on her.
Oh yeah she's a slot.
She's a whore.
Everybody on the team was banging her.
Right somebody goes in apology to her.
A lot of people in apology of this woman.
Yeah he wants to apologize.
The booze got their bedroom at 5.30 in the morning.
This is a great story.
He pride off.
How do you like this?
He got it into his head because we all hear.
He got into his head.
He was going to take a look at the sleeping form of a woman.
He had seen casually around the David apartment complex.
So he pride off a window screen.
This is this is his own admission by the way.
This is his side of the story.
The one at somebody on the station and the one at the door.
He said we can make you hear your side of the story.
But yeah here's his side of the story.
He pride off a window screen shortly after 5 a.m.
And crawled inside Tino notes room uninvited.
Collins account of that night is contained in a transcript release yesterday by Davey Polies.
It contradicts assertions by Collins lawyers that the two had a prior relationship.
I just went back to the apartment and I seen the window cracked.
He be saying so I opened it and went in and you know I just wanted to go look.
He told a David detective who asked Collins what was on his mind the night of December 16.
Yeah he just want to go take a look.
A peek.
Peekaboo.
Monday the jail Collins was formally charged with burglary.
He's been suspended from the team because he was previously charged with a similar episode in Louisiana.
He faces parole violation charges there.
I want just what to apologize man.
He told police questioning him and his apartment at Palm Trace 4 hours after no.
He's husband forth in the jump out of the window and ran.
I made the wrong choice to do that he said.
Ask what were your intentions of going inside the apartment he Collins said just to go look look at her.
Yeah I'm not even going to lie man the liquor the liquor had my mind at the time the devil made me do it the booze made me do it.
Just want to go let's take a look not touch of course just look in man.
So if you got a nice look in neighbor we all knew people out there all your kids out there.
Just pry off a window screen after five o'clock in the morning that's a good time most people are sleeping at that time.
Even the animals in a house they're sleeping.
And kind of crawl inside find yourself a little crack and turn into a big hole as your keeper would say wouldn't you say that?
Probably.
You know it's funny we have all those weeperisms can anybody think of any zimperisms no no that last.
Yeah here here's a medley of bills in for his uh yeah and he's a good guy he's a nice guy.
Even though he's a carpet backer and he works up there at that losing station wip until it off you that easily loser but nevertheless he's a good guy and he does an okay job as far as like like an automated voice you know he really doesn't have much personality and manage makes the broadcast but we were had all those in spite of the fact he smelled real bad and very infrequently based he must have thought he was European.
Requiver because he bade like about what once every six months something like that he's looked like a cough drop like a cough trap like John end.
Yeah well people that suck on a lot of cough traps generally are doing it because they're trying to cover up some other aroma you don't understand.
The piece of could use some uh Smith brothers or maybe a Smith and Western so there you go there's the story like I told you it's been on the news there it is.
And they did they make a big deal out of it by the way no it's uh even though it's a little bit more uh you know prominent in the newspapers that it was yesterday when both papers had the information wrong.
How was it the channel for news had a right Friday evening at 5 30 and both of our local local newspapers couldn't get it right yesterday how is that.
Yeah one has to wonder about that with the story that they had pretty much very yesterday because they don't want to fess up that got because Jimmy don't make mistakes.
He don't make no mistakes.
He doesn't sign up cases who try to slice their next off and he don't sign guys that pry off our windows and try to go look it inside some six apartment at five o'clock in the morning just to go take a peek.
Or maybe just want to go take a pee maybe that was the problem because you sure went on a pee outside five in the morning somebody might be looking.
So if you have too much too much beer if you too many beers all you young guys out there you got to take a leak real bad just break into somebody's apartment at five or more you don't do it outside because that's against the law peeing in public really Carter knew that.
What a disgrace what a freaking god damn disgrace it was over it was like what you're in a half ago we had the guy right from pros and cons and I was talking about the book.
Oh no and this station is in denial they don't want to talk about that stuff they want to know from that stuff.
Just like when I told Rimmer and I'll strike it about the thing of the hockey book that I were on that broadsheets got some extra right that stuff is all she makes up all that stuff okay fine.
All you people who are connected with professional sports and college sports and who make your living with the I'm embarrassed for most of you.
Because you have a pure color glasses on you look at everything through pure color glass and you refuse to see the truth that you're dealing with an awful lot of scumbags.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
Kim Polka for talk sports begins right here.
On sports radio 560 QAM.
What a joke what an embarrassment.
I bring him through a bedroom window.
And I may end the dismal week.
What I did I knew was crypto.
But I didn't know the new if you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
And another bitch went someone else's wild.
Yeah.
And her name was the movie.
It was it.
It got found out.
It changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She did it with her own things.
And that's good.
It is not a big people.
Okay, 10 30 at 560 WQM.
Thanks for everybody Eric up in Orlando who does our great job at our new ranger.com website.
And thanks for the story from AP.
See we don't have a.
No, I have a thing here that everything's on the internet.
Thank God.
Like I said, thank God for the internet.
Cuban boys father granted custody.
Oh boy.
Here we go.
I put a one.
Exactly.
I couldn't say to better myself.
US immigration officials have decided that the Cuban father of a six year old boy,
alien Gonzalez, has the right to custody of the boy government official said today.
The US decision which would allow the boy now in Miami to be returned to Cuba was to be announced today by Doris Meisner, commissioner of the immigration and naturalization service.
But Meisner was not expected immediately to explain how the boy might actually be returned to his father because that question involves positive.
The possible legal action outside the government's control, the court of the official requested an anonymity.
The boy was found clinging to an inner tube at sea after his mother died on a shipwreck while fleeing Cuban heading to Florida.
In Cuba, the boy's father won the Gelligan's Alice.
Could not be reached for comment.
There was no immediate reaction from Cuba's communist government.
Armando Gutierrez has spoken to the boys relatives in Florida said any decision to return to the boy to Cuba would be appealed.
Should the boys relatives sue a ruling by Meisner and the father's favor would be a powerful weapon and disability to prevail and court you as official said.
These officials believe US courts might conclude they had no jurisdiction over the case in light of Meisner's ruling.
Rather than explaining the details of the boys returned to his father in Cuba, the INS was expected to call on all members of the child's family to work together for a quick and easy return of the boy to his father as the official said.
Yeah, quick and easy. Is it going to be quick and easy? No, I don't think so.
The woman who answered the phone at Gonzalo's house in the coastal town of Cardinus, a two-hour drive east of Havana said Gonzalo's was not at home and she had no information about his wear of boots.
The Reverend Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches said before leading Havana from New York this morning that Gonzalo's in all four of alien grandparents that attended late night dinner at Havana with President Fidel Castro.
Oh, Jesus Christ. I sure hope they spiked his punch.
Alien was plucked from the ocean on Thanksgiving Day after his boat sank killing his mother's stepfather and eight other people.
And it goes on and on and on. The boys have been treated as a cold war style hero by anti-caster groups in Miami, living in the flare of television cameras as he toured Orlando theme parks and enrolled Tuesday in first grade.
The Clinton administration asked the Cuban government this week to wish an exit visa to the father to allow him to personally escort the boy back home if immigration officials decide he should return to the island.
On Tuesday, Ricardo Alarco, president of Cuba's National Assembly said Cuba's government would not stop the father from going to the US, but said he shouldn't go unless US officials agree ahead of time to let the boy return to Cuba.
He should do whatever he wants and we will help him, but if I were him, I would ask for what reason to finally return the boy or to delay the case even longer said Alarco, Maracone.
While Cuban adults who reached the US mainland are routinely allowed to stay the boys, age created diplomatic problems.
Many Cuban exiles and sisters, mothers, death and the bid to live in a free country was enough to allow them to stay regardless of the desires of his crazy Cuban relatives. I mean, everyone's Cuban relative.
How do you like that on somebody else's backs and it's the same thing too? Thank you very much, by the way, because otherwise we're in the dark.
We sit here in the dark. We have no news work and quite frankly this radio station, do we care about news if they were dropping H bombs like I told you two years ago when I started on this radio station, if they were dropping nuclear weapons on Washington DC, would this station know about it?
Oh, would they care about it unless they cancel the football game? No, no.
Very sad. So there you are.
U.M. immigration official said the boy can go with his father now, of course, how they're going to do it and how we're going to play Kate the crazy people in Miami who already I'm sure are going to.
I don't know and let me just hasten the way I live in Broward.
560-560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. 877-785-6345 on the worldwide line. 877-785-6345.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello.
Hey, I'm Neil Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if you saw the re-run of the Mafia story on a Russian Mafia about hockey?
No, I didn't see that. They re-run it again. That story is older than the losses.
They ran it about two months ago. The first time they re-run it.
Did you ever see it?
I saw it two years ago on a CBC. It's an old-style story, sir. It's much into about nothing. It's crap.
The way they left it last night is that the problem is possibly.
Let me say it again. It's a pile of old crap. I'm not going to waste my time with it.
Okay? Pavel Burry and the Russian Mafia. There we go.
See what I'm saying about the callers? We got stuff going on right here in town.
Right here that I'm talking about. This guy wants to hack me a Chinatown about some old re-trend story that PBS picked up from the CBC from two or three years ago.
All these stories, all these things. Does anybody care about that? No.
Please, please get with it. Get with reality. Get with the real world.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Jesus, Joseph and God damn Joseph had. Christ.
Got to have those out of order. Here's Miami. Hello?
Miami.
Yeah, there you go.
Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, listen. I was just listening to CNN. You just talked about it with Elio. I'm going back.
I'm not going to talk too much because I'm in cloth and hair. Get over flew. Sorry.
I got it.
But just want to know what you think about this and how the QD is going to react. And I'll just hang up and hear what he got to say.
Okay.
Hi. Thank you. Well, I mean, obviously he should be with his father and that's what I think of it.
And that's what most sane people have to say about it. But, you know, what's there to think?
And they're already threatening. They're going to form a human chain around the house. And they're going to disrupt the traffic again.
Because like I said yesterday, let me say it again. It's a bunch of extremists. It's a bunch of irresponsible extremists who don't give a crap about the law.
They'll give a crap about anybody else. They're going to get their way. Come hell or high water.
I'd like to call me yesterday that was chastising me and telling me how to conduct a conversation who I hung up on and gave far too much time.
By the way, because he was rooting up not just the fact is that we don't have any other ethnic groups in this country who tell us how to make the world.
And what the law should be and how we should implement them and threaten every guy at the end time they don't like something.
I noticed that the Haitians were demonstrating the other day out in front of the INS building. It was very peaceful and they weren't blocking off traffic.
And they weren't laying down on the street and doing crap like that. How do you like that?
But you've got this small but vocal and hysterical group of people.
Fans on, always fan down by the Spanish language radio stations in this town and these crazy people, irresponsible people,
that get on there and whip them up and encourage them to do these things.
And then of course, aided and impeded by our local spineless politicians like Mayor Penga, Pakenia and all the alien and Rosalina.
And you know, it's the same old tired stuff. Why should it be any mystery?
If we don't get our way, we're going to do everything we can to disrupt everybody else's life to share what a bunch of assholes we are.
And to further, you know, cause you to hate all of our people.
In spite of the fact that we're just a small vocal obnoxious minority.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45 on the other town line. 21 before 11 at 2 a.m.
The NFL playoffs are here. Fire 1, Alameda was complete in the touchdown.
And Sunday it's the Dolphins and the Seattle Seahawks. Why from the Kindle?
You'll ziffer a gym man that you call all the action.
I'd rather kick off against it move.
The game starts at 405.
Oh, right by Abby.
Here on your Dolphin station. Sports radio 560QA game.
I have no life.
You have no penis.
In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Alameda feel purges all the Christmas favorites.
Alameda feel purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cake.
Oh, right.
24 out of 560 WQM.
We got Hank at Chulacus this afternoon at 2.
We got the Booster at 6.
7.30.
We got the West Virginia mountaineers at Miami, who are cool and basketball.
Followed by the Panthers out of the West Coast at the Anaheim, Mighty Ducks.
Is there a Florida Panthers team, by the way?
Uh huh.
God, what a schedule they got.
It's like out of sight out of mind.
Don't forget this Saturday noon to 2 will be at Nick Sagar.
71 other West Flagler just take the plummet of the flag.
If you actually go east one mile, Georgia, I'll both be there noon to 2.
There'll be cigar rolling demonstrations.
There'll be rolling some really good crap there this Saturday.
Yeah, ma.
I have some cigars too.
Sampling of Anaheim's are Bush's new product, tequiza and rumba food entertainment and a
parking lot in a pear tree.
You get to meet Nick and all his crazy pizons down there in the cigars.
This Saturday noon to 2.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year to you.
Two quick things.
Kimberly Herion.
Can't hear you.
Have you seen the Atkins new book?
No.
Okay.
It's very good.
It's nutritionally based.
It just came out to you.
You might enjoy it.
Number two.
Well, if you're ready, my stomach flew.
Well, he's probably got a chapter on that.
Okay.
You know, but especially people with diabetes, I think, ought to read it.
It sums up the other books around there.
Well, anyways, I want to take you to task on something.
Yes.
What specifically did John Rocker said to you disagree with?
What do you mean by that?
Well, you're the first person with the schwarzes and send them back to Haitians and the Julios.
What did he say?
I mean, you've taken that subway in New York yourself, I'm sure.
No, I have not.
Oh, you haven't.
I'm taking subway all over the world.
And I wouldn't go out of my way to make generalized, disgusting comments about the people of...
You know, the things that I talk about are done with humor.
He wasn't talking with humor.
Do you think it was venomous?
Yes.
All right.
I was the article and I couldn't dispute a lot of it.
I could use an exam redneck.
Well, he is a redneck.
Oh, in some other words, if somebody on a subway has got AIDS, some queer with AIDS, like he said,
well, what does that have to do with the price of rice?
What does that mean?
Is you going to spit on you or something?
I don't think that's what he was saying at all.
Well, what is he saying?
I think he was saying that the immigration problem in this country has gotten ridiculous.
He wasn't talking about immigration.
He made a comment about immigration, but he was making...
He was casting aspersions at every ethnic minority he could find.
Well, I read the whole article and that's what I got out of it now.
He's just a dumb joke.
And like I said, as Rotesque as his comments were, he shouldn't be fine.
He shouldn't be suspended.
He's got a right to be a dumb joke.
It's certainly no more.
It has to be in red-you whites, come on.
Exactly.
He doesn't have to be politically correct.
And interesting, it's a good analogy, maybe because with Reggie White, who's a bigot of the worst sort,
who runs around spending his time spreading hatred, the media lift him up and elevate him
and make him seem like a hero.
Well, then you and I don't disagree on that.
No, but we do disagree about John Rocker.
The comments he made were grotesque.
Yeah, but people have been on a shape out of it.
I don't understand.
Well, if that's the most important thing, they have to worry about pal.
And it's time for Russian Roulette.
Exactly. I'm sitting here waiting for Wendy Chambers.
Is there a way for the director to show up to hook it up for me?
You'll love it.
And I'm going to tell you, do the two-room or three-room things.
It's only another 160 bucks. It's not that big of a deal.
There you go.
So I do it and be done with this beer.
I'm taking it by the cable.
Okay, good luck now.
Good day.
Yeah.
Stay on your rocker, not off it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the AT&T wireless line.
877-785-6345 on the world's famous out of townline.
Boy, that one is really smoking. Is it smoking?
No.
No. Maybe they're smoking a good stuff in four Myers.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Hello, Davy.
Yes sir.
That's me. I don't know if you had an opportunity to look at the stunt set on page 5B today.
Page 5B.
Right.
About the Broward Sheriff that handcuffed the nine-year-old boy,
writing his bike without his helmet on.
All right.
I guess if I lived up in Palm Beach,
he would have been locked up and arrested because I saw pictures of him on TV,
writing his bike around.
Yeah.
And he's a hero.
And he's a little black-footed.
And this little black-footed.
Oh my God. Look at that. You're right. I didn't miss that.
Thank you so much for, I mean, you know, you can't read it all.
I know.
Going handcuffed over helmet law. Nice going, Ken Jenny.
Well, this is Rally County boys.
Ken Jenny, part of that.
I mean Palm Beach boys.
Oh, Palm Beach.
I'm close. It's right next door.
I hope you would enjoy it.
Thank you sir.
Why are you calling?
Thank you, Neil.
Palm Beach County Sheriff Deputy Kenneth Bachman has kept your own video handcuffed
a nine-year-old Jeffrey Morgan,
south of Lantana on Saturday.
He was handcuffed. Oh, this is this is perfect.
This is the American F and way, baby.
Thank you, sir. God bless you.
That's the American way.
He was handcuffed for writing a bicycle without a helmet.
Little black kid.
The video was made by a private investigator who was in the neighborhood working on another case.
Although it says here the video was make by a private investigator.
The video be make.
What the hell is that?
Boy handcuffed over a helmet law.
And you think I'm exaggerating when I say we live in a police state.
You think I'm exaggerating all these years?
In a goddamn racist police state.
No less.
A veteran Palm Beach County Sheriff Deputy was captured on a video tape over the weekend.
Handcuffing a nine-year-old boy after he saw him writing his bicycle without a helmet
in the neighborhood, south of Lantana by law.
All bike riders under the age of 16 must wear a helmet.
The video which was taped Saturday by a private investigator working on an unrelated case
shows that Epidys searching through the boy's backpack and pockets
while the handcuffed child sits on the cement on old Spanish trail off Sequest Boulevard.
It also shows that Epidys pushing the child, Jeffrey down on the ground when he tries twice to get up.
Oh boy, do I smell a beautiful lawsuit here or what?
The mother of the boy, L.T. Morgan wants the sheriff's office to admit that Epidys handing the situation was wrong.
All of this didn't have to happen for one helmet Morgan said,
I'm not angry or mad at the deputy for doing his job, but what I felt was wrong was that he pushed my son.
lawsuit, big fat lawsuit.
Bachman also was rude to Morgan and told her to shut up threatening to take her to jail when she repeatedly asked what her son had done Morgan said.
Sheriff supervises a view to take, determined the incident did not warrant an internal investigation.
Oh, of course not.
On Tuesday, the sheriff's office vigorously defended deputy Ken Bachman.
The incident started when Bachman saw Jeffrey riding his bicycle without a helmet.
The boy told Bachman he had a helmet at home and Bachman told the boy to walk his bike home and get his helmet.
Sheriff spokesman Paul Miller said 50 minutes later Miller said Bachman again saw Jeffrey.
Also, he's a compulsive.
A repetitive a cry a chronic unsafe kid offender.
50 minutes later Miller said Bachman again saw Jeffrey riding his bicycle without a helmet.
When the boy realized Bachman had spotted him, he did the U turn and sped away.
How do you like that?
The deputy had to catch up to him and hold him because he didn't know what the circumstances were.
Miller said now we started thinking maybe the bike was stolen.
Did you check the plate?
Sheriff's officials say that when Bachman got up to Jeffrey, the child ran away again this time on foot because Bachman was on bike patrol.
Didn't have a child patrol car to hold Jeffrey Bachman decided to handcuff him.
Attorney valentine Rodriguez was representing Morgan said Bachman's actions violated Jeffrey's rights.
You don't get to handcuff somebody and push them to ground for a civil infraction he said.
How about if he would have been J walking without a been sufficient?
Yeah.
Jeffrey was given $2.24 citations for failing the worry helmet.
He lives with his father in Margate.
This is a disgusting rotest got noxious.
This is what you people out there are paying your tax dollars for.
So that sheriff's pay so that pigs can go out there and handcuff kids to their bicycle.
For not wearing their helmet.
And of course, yeah, I guess they got a lot of spare time now because I saw again on the news this morning.
There was mayor Penga Pakenia and it was the police chief from the Metro State Police Chief on their all bragging.
Oh my god.
You don't realize what a phenomenal job we've done and crime is down so much in these statistics are staggering.
And it's not just the last couple of years, but it's tremendous.
Don't you feel safer than you did last year?
No.
No.
Don't you feel that this is a safe place to live?
No.
And a safe place for tourist to come?
No.
And don't you trust your local police?
No.
No.
This is what they're doing.
The BSO, they're busy going into swing clubs, hastling and embarrassing people who are there in a private club.
And then in Palm Beach, they're busy handcuffing little kids who are riding a bicycle with a helmet.
Repeat offenders of course.
And they found no reason for an internal investigation, which leads me to ask again, 48 minutes time.
And I'll ask this every day that I think of mentioning it on the air.
How is that internal investigation coming into the prostitution ring that the cops are running in South.
They got a rent candle with the 16 year old girl.
Anybody have any more information about that?
Anybody in this great town that's always bragging about the hero and this newspaper and that TV station and all the great investigator reporters.
Anybody investigating that?
No.
Got any more information for it?
No.
You phonies.
You phony god damn bastards.
Who the hell are you kidding?
So in other words, the cops can go down and they can screw some 16 year old girl.
They can horror her out and run a prostitution ring with underage girls.
And nobody in this goddamn town cares about it.
But if some little black kid, especially black, is out there riding this bicycle.
Some nine year old kid without a helmet.
We're going to a handcuff them and throw them to the ground.
And this is your idea of police work and you tell me that I'm anti police.
Let me say it again.
I'm all for good cops.
We got a few.
Some.
Couple.
All for good cops.
Like I'm all for good doctors.
Do I know any?
You know, yeah.
I'm all for good like bug spray guys.
Dude, how's he doing?
Anybody seen him?
No.
And the public just sits back.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we want we want some more of those goddamn Pokemon.
Yeah.
Yeah, we want more of those beanie babies too.
Better start to crank it up back to me up again.
They're worried about the important things.
And of course, we know in this town what they're all worried about.
You understand about more than the bad cops and Jimmy and Danny heads.
Right.
That's what they're worried about crap like.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
All these things we have going on here.
Three brilliant weeks I did with no calls.
All of this stuff that's going on.
The immigration, the US, the INS has decided to let this kid go to the company.
And then he's going to be the president of his father, which is going to be a tremendous storm of hysteria in this town.
Cecil Collins thing is in both newspapers.
He confessed he's guilty.
He busted in their five o'clock in the morning.
All of this stuff that's going on here.
And now this story about this nine year old kid being handcuffed because he was writing his bicycle the second time.
A lot of helmets.
And the South Florida audience.
The near Rogers audience.
I have an opinion on any of it.
No, this guy wants to call before and talk about pop L.B. and the Russian mafia again.
A story that's older than last year's mock balls.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's your field beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
My name is Charles Callaway.
We don't do names, sir.
Well, my name is what's the name.
I wanted to probably as I have found a class ring from a young lady.
And I'd like to return it to you.
And we also don't do lost in the funds on this radio show.
Okay, call up the class.
Call up the school.
Call up somebody.
We don't do lost in the funds on a radio.
There we go.
This is this is what you want.
The 40% of you that called in our pool a week ago today.
Who said, oh, yeah, bring back the phone calls.
The colors are what makes the show.
This is what you got.
I'm sitting here puking my guts out.
The one goddamn person in the media in this town who has the balls to tell it like it is.
No matter what the hell the issue is.
I'm begging for goddamn phone calls again.
I'm getting assholes like this who found a goddamn ring somewhere.
Cab Callaway or whatever the hell his name was.
Take a cab and take it to our house.
Okay, you get off my radio show.
You jerk.
You jackass.
You invasille.
They're dropping nuclear weapons on Seattle.
And this guy is in here calling me about a some goddamn class ring that he found from the Russian mafia that had pop the buries name on it.
Or some crap like that.
That's your phone call, man.
That's the South Florida call an audience.
What's your take on that?
Yeah.
Take a good smith.
That's my take.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, you're talking about a racist police state.
I don't know if you have a chance to read to my any heroless pony about the two black kids that hit by that FBI.
Yeah, I got it.
I got it right here.
I was going to get to that.
My god.
I said choose up my spine.
Yeah.
What a cover up.
The guy was on the floor.
He was on the floor.
He was on the sign of false crash report.
Yeah.
False.
He was on the one year so he didn't he didn't have to fill it out.
And his superior told him how to write it up.
And he didn't type fast enough.
So one of the superior 17 years on the Florida highway patrol, paced it out of his hands.
He writes it up.
Makes up a whole full.
Thanks to the report.
And he deliberately omitted the direction that each car was heading when they crashed because the drunken trooper, of course, as we know now was on driving the wrong side of the road.
Not to the FBI agent.
Right.
He is drunken trooper.
FBI agent.
Right.
Okay. And now this FBI agent is not only still he's in a hospital guarded by FBI agent.
Right.
Now you know, they say the paper to spoil what he was in action.
We try to protect our own.
I mean, every time an FBI agent has an accident, we have two or three guards on 24 hours a day.
Yeah.
Is that what the FBI agent stole?
His blood alcohol level is only 0.17.
It's only more than twice the legal limit.
Yeah.
Well, you know, that could be your own deal.
I mean, we could, you know, they could cover up for us too, you know.
Yeah.
I mean, that just scares me.
You know, I understand these bads just trying to figure it out.
Two black kids, we can nail them.
Well, you know, it could be you or it could be me.
MSNBC had a good show last night on the FBI and about Jay Hager, Heaver and all these files that they're finally opening up now.
All these clandestine files that they had on everybody.
The FBI is one of the most sinister, one of the most dangerous institutions in this country.
Make no mistake about it.
Okay, this report this morning shows the Florida Highway Patrol all the way up to their higher art group.
Right.
Had something to do with a cover up of a white FBI agent with black kids and that scares me to death.
Well, I guess you discovered where you are, pal.
It's America.
Well, I assumed in my naivety that at this day of age, we may have gone past this thing.
No chance.
I didn't think that it would still be way to hell up the highway at the time.
Oh, okay.
That they would cover up this guy.
I mean, this is one of the worst things.
You know, I mean, like in now, I was only five or six years old.
I remember down the Florida here and I'm going to walk down boardwalks down here.
And black people have to go up to sidewalk, you know.
Well, let me ask you this.
How about the lynching we just had in Texas here that these guys got convicted a lot?
It was only a year ago.
Right. Right.
We're still lynching black people in this country.
Well, you look at a couple of screwballs and you say, oh, well, they're out of their damn mind.
And they're actually ridiculous and crazy.
But here we have, supposedly, have sensible, sane people who are high up in our police.
And the one that's going to be the worst you're looking for is corrupt.
Corrupt, crooked, cover up.
That's what you're looking for.
And have a great day, sir.
And sit down and kind of play your navel because as I've been trying to tell you for a long time.
That's the American fucking way.
1056 at 560 WQM.
Only one South Florida radio station has.
Let's do it.
And go for week afternoons at two sports radio 560 QAM.
For radio 560.
Now what you do is I have to do a hard day.
We just did what's very I had.
We just did what's very I had.
We just did what's very I had.
And something I said to you when it's all said I had to see.
We just did what's very I had.
All right.
We just did what's very I had.
11 o'clock at 560 WQM.
Here's the fact from Joe who says that was the American Airlines Arena, the, whatever it is last night, the Mickey Arena.
I noticed several people talking on cell phones during the game.
What is wrong with these fools?
Should they even be allowed to have phones in the arena?
Oh.
I don't think so.
It says.
I also wanted to keep a woman died their hair red.
I think they don't want to look at them, but as soon as they open their mouth and speak, everybody knows they're dirty.
The little secret when they start saying.
Even the red is the hair don't be covering it up.
Red is everybody's time their hair red.
You see it?
Ricky Martin died at the Swedish blonde.
Or maybe he was like out in the, by the pool with the Swedish blonde guy.
Huh?
Dude.
Oh boy.
Oh yeah, here's the fact about I will save this for later.
Maybe if we have time to get really.
About the battling brook.
He's got to bug up arachuses.
I have a bug of my ass.
I don't have a bug of my ass honey.
It's just that you suck.
You can't use think.
That's all.
And you got numbers that are microscopic.
You don't belong on the air, honey.
You're a bad, bad Randy.
What?
Want to be.
Which says a lot.
Look at these phones, baby.
Are these phones smoking?
No.
5607 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Who will lose it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Mobile and RAB.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
You said a minute ago, some about the cops are.
It could be doing better things or dredging up people in these clubs or whatnot.
Yes.
It's not going to club.
I mean, you could send cops or news people there every night to go see.
Could it be something that maybe these people are ashamed to be in the club they're in?
What does that mean?
Like you say that there is this teacher that they went and made a big ordeal that she was in some club.
But let me ask you something.
You think that there are people screwing around on their on their spawners mate on their spouse?
I'm sorry.
What was the question?
People don't want their private sex lives put on the front pages of newspaper and on television.
That doesn't make them bad people, but there is nobody who goes through a private club,
especially of a sexual nature that expects to be brought out, dragged out, and have their face on the television and on a newspaper front pages.
I've never been to a private club of a sexual nature.
So how do you know what you're talking about?
I don't.
That's what I'm saying.
If I go to a club, I'm saying you could, you know, any club go to or see where I get pretty much.
You bring a camera.
Let me ask you this.
Have you ever, I'm sure, that an upstanding gentleman like you has never been like an invill bookstore or something like that.
But not just a few, you have not.
Of course not.
Not somebody as puritanical as you.
But let me just ask you this.
You think knowing the American attitudes and values and the puritanical attitudes we have,
you think that the people coming out of adult bookstores would like to have their pictures on the front of the newspaper on television the next day?
Probably not, but some of them are not.
People maybe they go to the adult bookstores if that's true.
Why not?
Why not?
Is it legal?
Does it have a license to operate?
They shouldn't go simply because it embarrasses them.
If it don't, it better than you should go.
Let me ask you something.
Will you be embarrassed to have somebody watch you take a crap?
Ah, probably.
Okay, well, don't take one.
Just the dumbest goddamn Schmidt I've ever heard in my life.
You're right.
We do need these callers, man.
We need them like a goddamn a walking cup as my grandmother would say.
God.
Yeah, there was shame to be in there.
How about you, sir?
When you're diddling, whoever you're diddling, you want it on television?
No, I don't think so.
As if it's the goddamn BSO's business or anybody else's goddamn business?
Who's diddling?
Who?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, open line on the world wide line there.
That line, I'm Tonya.
We'll never see the first of February.
877-785-6345.
Use this as teats on your toenails.
Walk carefully, by the way.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neelah, are you doing okay?
Man, I'll tell you what, the real reason why the FBI, I think, got so scared, is the $500 million.
They're going to lose when that thing finally goes to court.
Yeah.
And in regards to the little Cuban boy going back to Cuba, I think the Cuban people here in Miami,
should take a lower respect and accept the laws that are passed down from this government,
because it's this government to begin with, it's given them their freedom.
Doesn't make any difference.
The group of people that you're talking about, that segment of our Cuban population,
they believe that they have the power to make it up as they go along.
And if they don't get their way, they'll do whatever kind of civil disobedience they feel like it,
to try to force us to give them their way.
I know.
They'd act like a bunch of children here in the city.
That's absolutely correct.
Like a bunch of spoiled little children.
Because in this city, the city's run, the police department is Cuban,
so when they go out and run around and rant and rave and act like a bunch of idiots,
they're nephews and their nieces and their brothers and their sisters,
are they guys doing that?
And don't get about the politicians, sir.
The ones who encourage and also participate in these grotesque events.
That's true.
The politicians that are involved also.
And have a great day.
5.670, 05.60, 05.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
A lot of people really upset about that 9-year-old black kid hand-cuffed to his bike
by the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office guy.
The PSO.
I wonder how many people would like to have euro kids hand-cuffed and thrown to the ground
because they were writing their bicycle below the helmet.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just got off the floor with the PSO.
I just called them.
And?
And I wanted to get some information.
I talked to one of the lieutenants about 10 minutes ago.
And he said, I go, you know, a lot of people, same people don't think it's right to arrest a hand-coded arrest.
A 9-year-old boy for not writing a helmet.
He goes, well, we didn't arrest them.
We handcuffed them.
I go, but it deserves the same purpose.
You can't go anywhere with handcuffs on.
And then he goes, well, there's 12-year-old killers out there.
I go, what is that?
I don't do with anything.
We're not talking about a killer.
We're talking about a kid 10-year-old.
That didn't wear a helmet.
I go, so basically what your saying lieutenant is, if you don't know if they're,
he's going to go, but you don't know what if he's a killer.
I go, you kiddin' out of the helmet, you want to arrest him because he was a killer.
He said he didn't know if he was a, so I think that any black people out there,
after I expect to get stopped, especially in Palm Beach County, because we don't know you might be a killer.
That's what I said.
So under your theory, lieutenant, we might as well just arrest everyone.
Right.
We don't know if they're a killer or not.
He was, well, you don't know if it's 9-year-old, you don't know if they're a 9-year-old or a 10-year-old killer.
Let me ask you this.
Okay, let me ask him this, even though I can't speak to him.
Suppose the kid would have had a helmet on.
He still could have been a killer, but if he would have had a bicycle helmet on, then we wouldn't have stopped him.
They might be right.
And then he did a searching seizure.
I don't know if they see anything, but they searched him.
How can you be sure?
What problem causes there to search a 9-year-old boy with a foot?
I'd sue their ass for a 50 million bucks, pal.
Yeah, I got another year in law school.
I wish I could take the case.
There you go.
I have their office.
You should call him over the air and get in and broadcast.
Let's see how he responds to you.
5-6-1-6688-3000.
5-6-1-1-688-3000.
I think it's 3-8.
No, I didn't wait a ton.
I called up a number one.
I said, breathe shirt, 5-6-1-688-3000.
Something like that.
Okay, thanks.
Don't keep giving bad numbers out there.
They'll be bugging everybody.
Yeah, try one of those numbers, but there's some 6s and some 8s in it.
5-6-7-0560.
Yeah, he could have been a murderer because you know those 9-year-old black kids.
They're pretty dangerous, aren't they?
Yeah.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Handcuff for riding your bicycle without a helmet.
Yeah, but what about that game Sunday, man?
What about that game?
And you wonder why I'm embarrassed to live in this country?
Why I'm humiliated and degraded by the not just the fact that things happen,
but the indifference of the public over the, they don't give a crap.
They don't care.
You people don't give a goddamn flying crap.
That's the thing that's just a start.
I mean, I learned that 24 years ago when I first came here.
In fact, then I was talking to people over the age of 100.
And now that I'm talking to younger people, it doesn't make any difference.
Young, old, in between.
At least here in South Florida, they don't give a flying crap.
Do whatever the hell you want to us.
We don't care.
Go right ahead.
And especially if it's for the smarts, go right and do whatever you want to them.
Just leave us alone.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, God.
Yes, sir.
I'm Sally.
I call them the six.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's my me B.
Chilla.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you doing?
Okay.
I haven't called on a while, but I was driving to work and I heard you talking about John Rocker.
And I agree with you.
Everything you said was, uh, should have said, but to the opinion.
Well, I just want to know if you've seen what they've done to, they didn't have his wife.
It did to him when he played the match and he played the Yankee games.
It would take beer and throw it at his wife.
Yeah.
So over ahead.
Well, what does that have to do with anything?
Well, I can see why he has so much anger.
I'm going to say that there are plenty of scumbags in Atlanta.
I've been in Atlanta plenty of time.
There are plenty of low life scumbags people there.
Look at the fact that Philadelphia, what they'll lead is, I mean, there are no matter where you go.
If you're going to be in professional sports, you're going to have to take the good stuff,
all the big millions of dollars and you're also going to have to take the crap that goes along with it,
which doesn't make it right.
But to make these generalized comments where he rips it everybody, how can anybody condone that?
Well, he's a red neck and a bigoted asshole.
That's all.
But then again, how many athletes are?
I'm sure that they're plenty of other guys.
They're just smart enough to keep their mouth shut.
All right, dude.
And have a great day.
Like, like we have to be concerned about the sociological effects of the comments of John Rocker,
this brilliant man who probably waiting for the Nobel Prize, isn't he?
Who the hell gives a crap about John Frick and Rocker?
Like the other guy said, who cares?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That line, that must be out of order, you know what?
Sounds like it's working to me.
877-785-6345.
For sure, Wish I had the January schedule for Pompe and O'Park Racing.
You know another one of the brand new year is John Penis around?
No.
Anybody seen him?
No, I don't have the schedule.
I can see the sports leader from sports radio 560 QA&T.
The media is sick and needs help badly.
Cut it away, quite literally, when I was circumcised.
Somehow it grew back on me amazingly overnight.
My foreskin's back after hanging like a fruit fly.
My foreskin, our tongue like a boost, everything's fine.
My foreskin is back after getting cut away shot.
Now, I'm home like a racer and I really rad by cutting down the side...
Oh!
I'm a pig now that it grew back on the nose of the whamble.
my forward hints back with the male cozy trouble.
Voliae x 7
Voliae x 8
H Korea
Doubleを Eveniem
hole big and faster size
is almost double.
Voliae x 9
Voliae x 9
Voliae x 9
любote
5
Full反抗
Voliae x 9
L.
somen
voliae x 9
Voliae x 9
Fang
H.
H.
back and now I'm a pitcher red. I'm more than like a
male of some trunks now.
Come on, it's after about it at 560 WQM is everybody happy.
All right, that's all we care about. Don't forget our
parents at Nick's this Saturday noon too. We'll be rolling
some really good ones and some great cigars too.
Hank will be on from shulis today. Back to a clock. We got the
booster six to seven 30. Then we got a bunch of sports
including the Panther game and Enhan kind of clock tonight.
Anybody going to be listening to that? No. We'll be staying
up late to watch our Panthers. No. They still exist.
They're still playing it. They're still doing it.
Here's the mobile in Pompato Beach. Hello.
Neil looks like they're sending a little boy back to Cuba.
So already they're lining up to riot. It looks like.
Have you heard the news? Are you listening to this show, sir?
And they got the guy talking. Are you listening to this show?
Of course. Then how come you didn't hear me where I talk about it?
I am, but I'm saying they did. Yeah.
560 at 0560 have I heard the news?
Pound 560 on the 80. He's just waiting man. He's just sitting there waiting
to start spewing it. Maybe we can give him Enhan sure
as home number two. He missed the penis.
Give him his home phone number and the two of them can go down
and start screaming. Yeah, see we got the crazy Cubans.
Then we got the crazy anglos. You know, the extremists on both
side, the Cuban haters.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, just praying. See guys like him, they're hoping
that there's some grotesque civil disobedience.
They're hoping like killed. That's some ugly episodes occur.
So they can justify their hatred. Yeah, that's right. He's squeezing
there right now. I get ready to do it again.
Oh, I can't ready to do it.
Scored, scored. Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, I think I was talking about on TV right now.
There's something to go a little nuts. Yeah, they also followed the car.
TV where? What channel? I don't know. Four.
Okay. Is that one? They also followed his car all the way to INS.
I'll, uh, OJ.
Isn't that beautiful in a white car?
In a white Bronco? No, he was in a Lexus.
Oh, well, that's, that's true. He don't drive no cheap white Ford Bronco.
And they followed him. The guy I guess I'm not.
He's driving too, by the way. I hear Ellie on his driving.
I think he's in the back seat. Uh-huh.
Also, including please, please stop taking calls.
Okay. All right.
This is a matter that could lay in
wish for weeks or months or beyond.
Here we come in state. Here we go.
Federal courts.
Uh, playing off simply that very
clear ruling in the federal government.
Channel four. I mean, I don't know what that is.
Where they are.
Dad has rightful.
Not the people already getting out there.
They're getting ready to be in the fed.
And if that comes out there, outcome,
to that effect are two different things entirely.
Yeah. Right. And uh,
when I was looking at the, uh,
I was looking at the crowd.
The familiar looking Cuban flags.
Flag of a communist nation.
The figures Gary mentioned. A lot of that is, uh,
news covered, but we are seeing people showing up there.
Uh, waving flags with.
See, uh, uh, some American flag.
No, no, no, no.
That while this is taking place,
Ellie on Gonzalez, you didn't take one to this school.
That being the link at a party school in the little Havana,
where he began the first party.
He was taken there by his great uncle,
Lantaro Gonzalez. What made him
bring taking care of this little boy?
He was brought to school there yesterday.
And that is where.
The answer of all of this promotion,
not you.
We're talking about this.
Resumably with this class,
Ronald Nessau, Lincoln, Marquis,
school, we have been.
This morning to the town of Cardenas,
being Cuba.
Oh, yeah, get out of here.
Yeah, this is 79th and Miss Cain.
Now we'll say this. There aren't that many people there yet,
but of course the news media want to make a big son of Dantaro.
There were a hell of a lot more Haitians here the other day.
Was he yesterday?
Yeah, day before thing or whatever.
A couple of days ago,
there were a lot more Haitians and they were peaceful
and they made their statement.
And there's nobody blocking off the streets that I can see.
Of course, who wants to go to Miss Cain in 79th?
Anyway, right? Oh, Jesus Christ.
How stunning would that market do it?
I'm very sunny.
This is a nice one.
The Wendy's out there in the corner.
Yeah, lovely.
There sure is.
In broad daylight, okay?
Don't be going there like after sundown.
Trust me when I tell you.
And then of course there's old Madonna
to their across the street.
Don't be going, or whether they call it now,
whatever Lee Roy's calling it, desperate.
But anyway, don't forget Flores Pizza.
Block away from this.
Flores Pizza.
Our good pie's on.
Thanks for a plug for Flores Pizza.
Great people.
Great pizza.
Great folks.
Boy, they were sure nice to us.
And I go get a slice, you know, in between, you know,
I think I think there are people in an audience
like to give a slice to some of the protesters.
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe we can get OJ.
Call up.
He still got the number.
I'm sure he does.
Yeah, there's nothing going on.
There's a bunch of people.
Of course, all the news me that there's a channel 7 truck.
Of course, they're right down the street anyway.
So it was really easy to get there.
And there's Rick Sanchez is hovering over the whole
goddamn ionist building.
Look at that.
With his legs.
Oh, just dropped a big bomb.
La Bamba.
Can you all smell it all the way up here?
Nice going, Ricky.
That is some people gathering there.
It's so far.
There's nothing to report.
Nobody's getting hysterical.
Yeah.
I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going.
Yet, of course, Aliens in school.
He hasn't gotten anywhere yet.
But here's a mobile-infor-laterdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
Listen, I'd like to thank you for being so
upstanding outright.
And speaking the truth, because it is so bad that we
because we have these high-priced athletes
and everybody just forget the better human too.
And they are some slumbe.
It's not like you to keep it up.
And as long as you keep doing what you're doing,
somebody's going to listen.
They have to listen because they can't keep being on depth.
So this year and the year that comes,
please keep doing what you're going to.
All right.
Thank God bless you, sir.
Now, I pray for you profusely.
In fact, I even rub my beads.
5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, 5.
The sacrifice of a mother for the freedom of her son.
Buh-buh-buh.
Oh, here we go.
Lots of...
No cancer, either.
Children's rights respected.
On naughty 70s.
What do you mean?
There's no need to be await the official announcement
from the government, relative to Aliens Bay.
Yeah, going...
And this is a very passionate issue.
and all fairness.
Let me ask you this.
Why is it a past issue?
Can you ask me why is it a past issue?
I mean, we've got all these other people including these 400 people that came on a boat
from Haiti.
There was Chinese people on there and most of the Haitian people including a 12-year-old
unaccompanied kid, little boy.
I'm sorry, it's not an emotional issue.
It shouldn't be because of the float in the ocean thing.
There were plenty of other people floating in the ocean who didn't make it.
They're still floating onto the ocean, okay?
Or in it?
Or somewhere?
Maybe Jones Locker.
Exactly, maybe Jones.
Maybe something he might spend some time on the ocean.
It's cheaper than taking a bath, I guess.
Maybe Jones.
From what I hear smells real bad.
It's coming to be concert.
I was hanging around with too many monkeys, you know?
Oh, that was bad.
That was bad.
What did they write?
I'm so fucked.
The immigration and naturalization service.
Yeah, there are just a few people, Milner-Ran.
I would say it looks to me like there's maybe 100-200 people down there.
It's not a big deal.
Nothing's going on.
There wave in a Cuban flag.
There's a bit of a beep.
But I would bet about one of them actually went...
I'm going to be, I'm going to be, I'm going to be, I'm going to be.
And right away, the local channels and of course the more that they put this on there,
the more people are going to be schlepping down there.
And of course, the announcement hasn't officially come yet.
You don't understand that.
They haven't officially made the announcement.
And let me say it again.
US immigration officials have decided the Cuban father of a six-year-old alien Gonzalez
has the right of custody of the boy, period.
And how they're going to arrange that hasn't been decided yet.
And the attorneys for the other side, including that orthodox Jew with a schmatton,
they're going to take it to court in the peel and yadda yadda.
And there you are.
So they haven't even made the official announcement yet.
And already the local media are doing their best to stir up as much crap as they possibly can.
Just what we need in Dave County, Matt.
The more civil disobedience and some more crap.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is such a Mickey Mouse town.
Yeah.
This is freaking incredible.
They should have the other media is covering this little boy's event.
They should be over at that cop's house over in West Palm, asking what the alley was thinking about
when he handcuffed that poor kid.
Yeah, how come that's the way the guy I'm going to thank goodness the guy.
Well, if he were Cuban believe me, it'd probably be all over it.
Oh, oh, that's the guy back there.
They're all so screwed up.
I mean, I've been to real small backwards towns that make more sense in this so-called big town.
This is just a country town.
That's right.
I said that's a big time.
24 years ago, the first week I was here, I said, this is a big hick town.
Somebody called me and asked me, well, what do you think of the sophistication level
of this town?
I said it doesn't have one.
It's like a big hick town.
And it's still-
On a reason they listen to the, anything that anybody says here is, is it half money or any kind of influence,
but it's such a bunch of poor crappness.
This kid shouldn't even be an issue.
She'd go back home to that.
I mean, it's solid.
A bunch of crappers.
The same thing every day.
Now you can have rich dancers later on squatting over a map of really unfodly over in the metro
place where all you call that thing is on.
It's such a bunch of poor crappness.
Amen.
Voshman, you got it.
Okay, pal, hang in there.
Good luck to us, man.
Good luck to us.
Good luck to the civilized people living this town who don't try to browbeat this town
and draw browbeat everybody who lives here every time we don't get our freaking way.
You like the government to side?
Maybe you don't like the decision?
You do like the decision, whatever.
And the life has to go on.
The world can't stop spinning around.
And this town can't stop functioning because of some six-year-old boy because he had a
good trip to Disney World.
This nine-year-old kid, by the way, up in West Palm, what about the vice-fabricent
him?
How long does it take him to Disney World?
No.
If he was asked on the ground.
After the lawsuit, he'll be going a lot.
After the lawsuit, he'll be buying Disney World.
How do you like that?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
And he'll be kicking the Palm Beach cops out of there if they want to go.
Yes, sir.
This is wondering how come the cops and browers are so busy rating the swing clubs when the
clubs and browards and clubs in South Beach are loaded with drugs.
Yeah.
And that's how they're doing in those clubs.
Yeah, but the drug people, the drug people sometimes tend to be dangerous as opposed to the
swing club people who they're lethal weapons is between their legs.
Right, right.
This will be ready in those clubs when the clubs in South Beach and in brow are just loaded
with an extra-seat, everybody rolls off to the right.
Right.
Amen.
All righty.
Good point, pal.
But again, that's some more dangerous kind of work.
You understand what we're saying here?
Uh-huh.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
As here we start the year 2000, it's only the fifth of the new year.
And it's the same old, tired, neurotic crap.
How many times have I asked that question?
50 million, 60 million, 125 million times over the last several years.
Uh-huh.
Does anything here ever going to change?
Absolutely positively.
No.
No way.
Jose.
Marti.
How's a radio, Marti doing, by the way?
And, uh, TV, Marti.
They're still showing us all I love Lucy rerun.
Uh-huh.
Lucy.
Here's highly, hello.
A Neil happy new year.
And Sandy User, happy new millennium.
You know, as far as this issue with the Cubans and everything, it's, to me, this is not
an emotional issue.
Uh, there's far more and more important things happening in this country.
It's America.
I really don't care what happens to the kid.
If he goes back to Cuba, let him go back.
If he stays here, he stays here.
He doesn't affect my life.
Who cares?
But it does affect my life when we deny 400 Haitians to come off shore.
And Lincoln D. as a ballard starts going down there and starts saying, oh, our brothers
and sisters are only a hundred yards away from our shores.
Here's agenda is a ridiculous agenda.
It's a Latin agenda.
He does not care about anything.
That guy is a total loser.
Lincoln D. as a ballard.
Why doesn't he just take a machine, go to just start machine going down there in Cuba and
start killing all the Cubans and castra.
Okay, great.
Give him some machine guns.
Go down there.
Take care of Fidel and, uh, you know, build a casino.
It's back up and we'll come.
Build it and they will come.
It's only 90 miles away because the hotel is here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 pound, 5, 60 on it.
That's what my last game.
I'm sorry.
I'm in rough.
That's what he said.
Good Jewish boy used to walk his dog and call him that.
And what could be wrong about that?
You show me a guy likes his dog and I'll show you a guy that ain't all that bad.
How's Al Malnik doing, by the way?
Isn't that his name?
Here's a lady in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil God is my harder to talk to you.
Yes, it is.
Yes, I'm from Montana.
And the same neighborhood that that kid.
I sure hope you're not riding your bicycle without a helmet, sweetheart.
You know what?
It's hard to keep a bicycle in that neighborhood because they get so and so off it.
You know, I'm sure you read the article.
I first started reading it.
The one in the sunset and all about it.
I thought, God, that jerk, you know, hurting the kids, you know, put throwing them down.
But after I read the article, it made me think, you know, the first time you saw the kid,
he gave him a warning.
It sounds like told him, you know, you're supposed to be wearing a helmet.
Go home, get a helmet.
You'll walk your bike home.
Later on, he saw the kid riding the bike.
And when he, you know, tried to catch up to him, the kid tried to like, he kept trying to
get away from him.
Not that he should be throwing the kid down.
But he said, you know, he didn't have a car to put him in.
And the kid kept trying to get away.
Yeah.
I don't know if it's cool to put handcuffs on him, but how else was he supposed to stop it?
And it's thrown down.
And it's thrown down to the ground twice.
That's not cool to throw a kid down.
But they said he pushed him down.
Where did throw come from?
I'll push throw.
What does it make?
It said, he's twice he tried to get up and he got it on video.
He pushed the kid down twice.
Yeah.
Well, I wish that hadn't happened that way.
You know, if he'd used a lot of force, but you know, there's a lot of bicycle theft in the guy.
I think he thought that he maybe was riding a stolen bike while it was he trying to keep get away.
And it's black kids, white kids, it's being a kids all different color kids and adults that matter steal a lot of bikes in that area.
And I don't think it was horribly unreasonable for the guy to question it.
The question about the handcuff him in a thrown down to the ground.
How else was he supposed to like stop him from running away?
And you know what? So suppose he did run away.
Okay. Big stinking deal.
Yeah, then let the kid go.
That's the other side.
And that's, you know, so let me ask you this.
If the kid runs away, he's got his bicycle.
Yeah.
He follows the kids.
He finds out his address.
The kid's got to go home.
He can't hang in.
The kid's not going to go to hiding over a guy.
They have stolen bicycle.
Is he a nine-year-old kid?
I don't think so.
He gets the address where the kid is.
He calls for help from a patrol car and they go in and they have to do whatever they're going to do.
Yeah, that could, and that would have probably been the better situation.
But I don't think we should like say the guy is just horrible awful for, you know.
I think he's horrible awful.
Okay.
I think it's the discuss.
It's disgraceful.
And you are God.
So you.
I have rule.
I've made that for you.
You have rule.
God bless you, sweetheart.
You too, sweetie.
I'll pray for it.
Thank you.
Okay.
Sounds like you need it.
Let's see the tape.
It's going to be out there.
The tape will be out and you can be sure it'll be on the evening news 5,000 times tonight.
They got the video tape.
Video tape at 6.
That's what Warner Wolf said.
Get that tape out there.
Let's take a peek at this and see what kind of crap.
And you know, she's very nice.
And maybe she's got a point.
Maybe they was worried about her.
She was stolen.
Big deal.
Wow.
Woo.
Stolen bicycle.
Holy moly.
Hey.
I had my bike stolen when I was little.
Yeah.
Destroyed my life.
I can never recover.
I can tell.
Finally, we got an explanation after all these years.
27 and it's like that little cat that crafted my arm.
25 years old.
He did pussy cats ever since.
Jim Mandage talks sports.
Okay.
Right here.
On sports radio 560 Q.A.L.
I didn't go out my bike.
When I was little, I was skinny little.
Didn't let me play basketball,
The game didn't push me around.
He was a kid with a ponytail.
Then I started drinking milk.
And I kept on drinking.
And I kept on-brakein.
And now I'm a six-foot 5'285 pound angry mother f***ing
He's going to put some conspiracy here on everybody
who willる the kids astronauts and his sisters with only one
back. I'm a natural born milk freaking killer. It does a body. It's 1130 at 560 W.
Here's a sign. I don't know. I wish George were in here without picking a leak or something,
but it says that you want to add Leon to the list. Can't these Holy O spell writer like
what is that all about? I thought his name was E L I A N. I Leon. Why did why does the
one guy have a sign that says do you want to add Leon? It talks about the 25 Cuban bodies
at the bottom of the sea. Do we want to add Leon to the list? Or do you just stupid and
illiterate? I thought we were going to ship him back and not drown him. No, no, no, no,
seriously, but why is he spelling it L I A N? Why did he walk the E? Maybe he just maybe
had his hand over it. No, he doesn't have his hand. Maybe he's got his hand on it, but
not the letter E. Well, I can't see what you're watching.
Yeah, you guys hold on to some spick is holding up his sign. By the way, there's an American
flat. Oh, yeah, it's only one in the sea of Cuban flats. The red white and blue lights
here. It's God bless America. Come on, everybody. Let's sing it. You want to sing it? No.
Get Kate Smith out there down at the INS Building, Viscayne and 79. Get her out there
before it's too late. We are not. We're gonna rush down there. Straighten these poor
bastards out. How about all these other desperate people from all over the
guy in the world? Are they counting? No, I'm sorry. Excuse me for getting carried away.
I forgot about the special privilege. The privilege class in this town. Here's
Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, now how you doing? Okay. Listen, I grew up here. Let me
tell you something. I am so sick of this stuff. I'm so sick about here in this
kid. Let me ask you something. You went on a Viscayne Boulevard right now. Those
Cubans down there, they don't even speak English. They don't know how do you know that?
They don't even have jobs. How do you know that? You know what they should do? They should
go get the kid. Okay. I mean, I'm gonna sit here and listen to that crap. Crap. Of course
not. There are people down there. Like he says, the most of them look like they're, you
know, these guys just talking about your crap. Oh Jesus, we're not cutting out of this
damn thing. I don't want to see Bill Cosby. Well, here we go with the channel six. Thank God.
The position of agreeing with the INS. But I basically think that Janet Reno, the attorney general
who oversees the INS and endorsed my son are people of honor and integrity. And this decision
about him, he cannot be made on the basis of a quick, pro quo. That would be completely
unethical. What about the complaint by Gleon or Ross Blanon that there wasn't, they just
want their day in court? Well, I am not an attorney, but it seems to me that the issue here is
whose burden of proof it is in this case. There has been nothing alleged regarding
unfitness for the father in any of the comments of the attorneys. This is the father. He wants
the child back. All the arguments that have heard are really political arguments about hardship
and Cuba, whether he's under duress or whatever. The INS, I saw the father. He was going to
arrest all of the Catholic priests that they wanted to bring over here. He was the one that was
wearing the dress. He's the one to watch out for. Not the father. Look at that. They just brought
a little cake to Ali on there and his voice says, for your father, for your father.
Did they do that? No. Now, but it sounds cute. Come on. Let's take a look at God's father.
I mean, talk about all the things that are going on in this world today and is country,
to all the desperate people, the starving people, the people in need of medical care, the care,
the treatment of that stuff north, all the stuff going on. And here's this one 60-year-old
kid and what a wonderful opportunity for the same old crazy people to start caring. It seems
like it's a cycle. Every two or three months they find some other God named Flashpoint,
something else to set this off to give them excuse as an outlet for their psychotic behavior.
Jesus Christ 20 years ago, Mary L. I said, we're sick of this crap. You're already
retired. Here we are 20 years later in a new millennium allegedly and the same crap going on here.
What is there to say? I mean, where else in the world is this going? Only in the
banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Good year to you. Listen, I can't sympathize with everything
you've said. I listen to you every day. I never call. This is the first time I've ever called you.
But I'm an air conditioning contractor in Miami. Yes, sir. And I go through the same thing. I feel
the same way you do. It's pathetic what this town has done. What the what the Cubans have done to
Miami. They've got the neck, our neck's are in the news. They tighten it. Every time we say
something bad about them or we want to do something about it, they scream foul or against them.
You know, it's illegal in this town to ride around in an air conditioning truck or even a work truck
without proper licensing and without the proper lettering. Yeah. The Cubans do it. I hope you're
wearing your bicycle helmet too. By the way, I'm sorry. I said, I hope you're wearing your bicycle
helmet too. Yeah, that's true too. I mean, they can ride the they can ride in the streets with no
helmets. They can do air conditioning contracting with no license, no permits. They can do whatever they
want because they've got their buddies in office. If they do something wrong, you report them. They
right away they pick up the phone. They call. We can be as barbed. They call. The alien. A Ross
and everybody washes it and sweeps it under the rug. And what you say is 100% true. I heard you the
other day. We're held prisoner. We're a prisoner in our own. And they they, they county is the only
county in America that's actually a prison. It's like a hostage. You're 100% wrong. I couldn't agree
with you. I'm driving down the road and I'm and I'm doing work and I'm saying to myself, yeah, he is
so right yet. And I don't know if anybody really listens to you the way I do, but everything you say
makes all the sense in the world. It's it's a shame that you don't run for mayor. Oh, yeah, right.
It's a shame that someone like you that will speak out and speak his piece and and not be afraid of
what this politician or that politician or this owner of a business or what this Moscow knows who's
going to think about who cares. I mean, you know, there's not enough grafted and I'm making too
much money here. That's probably I would do the same thing you're doing. I would stay where I'm
out of I'm making that kind of money because you know you can't make it unless you're on the take,
you know, the kind of money you're making working for the county of the city and that's the problem
and I agree with you. I'm going to keep listening to you. I'll keep you know throwing my fist up
with you and we'll hang in here together. Okay. We'll hang together. Okay, you got it. That's what
Mussolini told me. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and the other timeline is 877
Maricone. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Happy New Year. When is this?
Neil, concerning the, concerning the alien issue in the beginning back in, in Thanksgiving.
We found two people floating on the ocean also that they say they got smogged by
the alien stepdad. Isn't that right? Where's that issue at? The media hasn't talked anything about them.
Right. Hello. Yes, I'm listening, sir. Oh, I'm here. So, you know, everything becomes
alien, alien, alien and this guy supposedly went to Cuba to pick up the woman with the child.
He found an opportunity to make some money. Smogged people here. They got killed.
In my opinion, the child belongs to the father. I would like to know how much taxpayers' money
has been spent on this issue. That's all I have to say happen nice day. And like I said,
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 877 7 8 5 63 45. They got all the talking heads
on there. They're all pontificating. Better be better. But about. But a bit like this. Oh, here's a
radio mombi guy. The national release. Tell me, no sense of any sympathy for this child's
family in Cuba. This file, this child's father, for example, no sense of sympathy, no understanding
of that point of view. Not in the United States because people lost the kind of life that
children live in Cuba. And they are sure that this child is going to be used as a
preparing and a tool for the man. Oh, that's good. This is not being used as a propaganda tool here,
huh? That goodness for that. Tell me a little bit more about some of the calls that you've
been getting, some of the indignation, as you said, from these callers regarding possible
protests. Tell me the nature of those you predicting those will be peaceful, nonviolent protests.
Tell me about that. You kind of a tell. I mean, the way that the people is going to behave
later on. But anyway, up to now, people are trying to demonstrate publicly. And they are in
the indignation against this issue. But I don't think that they're going to do nothing really violent.
And we've heard Jose Basuto from brothers to the rescue call on really for people to take to
the streets. Your thoughts on that? Your feelings on that? Well, I think that people are going to
take this street at calling by the truth or by many others, Cuban leaders in the community.
But anyway, I don't think that this has to be any respect dangerous to the community,
to the peace of the community. And again, just briefly, as we wrap up here, tell me,
what do you think these protests will achieve? Obviously, the US government has made this decision.
There is no going back. What do you hope to achieve by doing this? We are going to achieve one thing
that many people in the White House know that the Cuban community has not been taken for granted.
You cannot throw away the public opinion of the Cuban community in Florida.
And I think that the Democratic Party is going to pay in the next election with the issue.
Although it's evil liberal Democrats, that's right. Even though this president for the last
eight years, he's got that embargo against the evil Fidel, but nevertheless, was there a Democrat
who ever did anything right? No, they were all bad. Every Democrat's bad evil, not a clone communist,
etc. This is, by the way, you heard the voice was some goofball talk host from Arroyo Mambi,
one of those guys. They're the ones. They're the ones. That's what the Vogue said. You're the one.
21 before noon at 560 WQM. Alonzo, you're so big.
So get out of your bar. We just can't use you. You're in the round way too long.
Yes.
Castro, you are pretty fast. Too long you've lost it. The pay of pigs should have worked.
Fidel, you make me sick. Get out of your bar quick. You are so goddamn rich. You am ego son of a bitch.
This ball we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you still
get me? Where the where the where the where the where the where the where the where the where the
you're not now and your nation are you into mass of patience? There will be the
M. Bargo, Cuba will become another kilo of USA USA.
You're turning all the raps and most away.
Lose it.
Castro, get out of Cuba. We just can't use you. Just you've been around way too long.
Hey. Castro, you ugly fat. Too long you've lost the pay of pigs should have worked.
Fidel, you make me sick. Get out of your bar quick. You are so goddamn rich.
You am ego son of a bitch. This ball we know you like. Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy?
Yes.
Where the where the where the where the where the where the where the where the that's now and
for your nation are you into mass of patience?
�데
Friday
I
An
What? That's not good too far away.
Right. It's nine days right now. The third reason I mentioned that is because now
lessons have lost this battle and again that the boy may be returned by January
14th. By January 14th. That it could be soon. We see the
reports that that is eroly made by the immigration officials. Right now sevens
work ledner is standing by just outside I.N.S. where you are watching right now
that protesters most of these people down there by the way speaking of no jobs
most of these are ancient. They're fossils retired. I'd have gone up again as it does
sporadically throughout this protest. We're still gestivating about
250 people. And 250 people. What's the big stimulus with that?
What's the big we got more people waiting online to get paid for past new
bills here at Q.A.M.
250. Yeah we got 400 people lined up at power 96 contest winners. We got a
lined up way to get their checks. Got for a bid they should protest. Yeah.
Better not take them another six months at least easy.
250 people mostly Cuban flags if you open there's one American flag there
and one I don't know what that is. And mostly old fossils they got
nothing better to do. You know it may be raining down there at Domino Park. What
else are they going to do today for Christ's sake? Christ. And here's some young
guy would have teased you. By the way by the way the people around are two young
guys the rest of the people far to 90 plus. No event at dose.
Yeah the one guy he looks like he got a bad dose.
And here's one guy with a bull horn. Certainly nobody expects a scene in which
he is forcibly put on an airplane or something like that. That's not done that.
Look at what a bull horn yielded. Not a cone. How do you like that? And that's
what he's yelling. What the hell that's all about. He must be listening to this show.
You think so? Uh huh. Yeah. And I noticed by the way I don't even say it. You know what I was going to say?
They're not going to call. They're embarrassed just like Georgia. He's red in the
push. I took my bag away. He's beyond the bear. I'm going to make him the bag.
Here's the mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, we're here. Great.
On a serious note was the kid on the bike. I'm a security guard over in sunrise.
And then I'll finish to the cop. You know the stunt for a reason handcuffed or
for a reason for the safety of the kid and of the cops. And I just wanted to give you that
point. Thank you. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Uh and that's it. See, he doesn't
want to hang a law around for a conversation. It's done for the safety of the cop and the safety of the kid.
Well, I'm telling you, we've got more goddamn apologists no matter what the goddamn cops do in this police
state of ours. They're a whole line of apologists ready to come on. Just like the facts
I got to mend to go, oh, supposed to kill what a guy in a wreck and gotten a brain damage, et cetera. And so I'm
by riding the bike without a helmet. Well, you know what? You take your chances.
You do the best you can to inform the public. And if he wants to ride without the guy that in helmet,
tough crap. But the idea of handcuffing somebody to a bicycle and then throwing him down on the ground twice when he tries to get
up, I'm sorry, I'm not buying it. And the fact that the kid was black, please, please don't try to tell me that
that had nothing to do with it. Guess what color the kid stole my bike was black.
Like I said, check the plates 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Are you saying that's
far too, so the ones that steal all the bikes? I hate to break the news to you that everybody's got a bicycle
announced to them and they do get stolen occasion. And you know who steals them?
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, I'm warning. Neil, can you hear me? I hear you.
I just wanted to comment for those Americans out there that worried about losing their freedoms. They may not have heard this week that
Ocean come out with a new ruling that your employer is responsible for anything happens to you if you're lucky enough to do your work at home.
Yeah. And they're also liable, responsible, and expect to work place in an ocean wheel too.
And who the hell wants your employer coming to your home telling you what you're going to do and what you can't do?
Or the government to that matter. They might not like where you got your computer or who knows what or they might not like where you're stuck or stuck.
Or they might not like where you live. Yeah, this come back is the kind of guy we want. Look at his house. Let's get rid of them.
To me, that's a big invasion of our privacy. You know, you're down. You hear this alien crap or let's let the illegal aliens come in.
Why don't we just open up our board and say anybody wants to come in and come in and do the health care?
What we ought to do is take all the Mickey's cruise ships and put them out there. Anybody can get it on the cruise ship. We'll bring them on in and you know, it just hopeless. Nobody seems to give it damn course those
cruise ships keep getting lost anyway. So probably they'll never get here. That might be a good idea to solve the problem.
He tied up with court with lawsuits for the next six years. Anyway,
exactly. Okay. Good luck, pal.
See you get that passport. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. If we had any of our Cuban friends calling in here today to denounce or reject this.
Oh, there's really nothing going on. They got a right to be done. They're acting in a peaceful way. There's no disruption yet.
But it's the crazy people. It's the brothers to the rescue. The ones that keep shooting themselves in the face.
We know George is that that's Alba 66 or Alpha 66. Yeah.
You got your two groups. Look step. I know what what difference does it make? You better go home and watch that money Python movie again. Okay. Which was.
Well, watch them all. Which one was that in? Was it in the meaning of life?
For the life of Brian. You know where they had the different groups. The national life of Brian. The people front of GD.
People's front. Yeah. We're the people we think in front. Right. Same difference. And the brothers. One was around the other. The sisters of the poor. Whatever it is. Same. Same crazy crap.
Whipping everybody up into a frenzy. Let's go out in the street. And it's about time responsible people said, no, we're not going to go out in the streets. Well, Martin is might be this up.
Especially. You short people in high. I lead don't go running out in the streets. Well, we'll beat the crap out of you. I'll tell you that he'll beat the Schmidt out of you.
Even you German short guys on. Oh, by the way, whoever saw a football team with a guy named Midget. The Virginia Tech last night they had a midget on our team who was great by the way.
They had Midget and the other team had a mini and a midget. The names of that game had to be all picked. Is this where they made up great game by the way.
Nice going. What's your name? Hoy is hokey's a hokey. And what's the obsession with hokey's by the way?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80. Are they done with this yet? Channel seven actually running some spot.
Clearly clear either doing the weather on six. We must be. We're back on a price is right. He's in Furion.
What's that? I'll put Rod Roddy on here. Okay. We know about him.
Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on here? There'll be whisper in the tanner building. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. No, no, Paul. Hey, listen. I have some news about Mrs. Clinton.
Yeah, I mean, that most people probably know, but maybe they don't that she's a lesbian. Uh-huh. In fact, that okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. There's a brilliant call. Like I said, let's get a lot more these calls on, baby. Yeah, I understand they just sent her in Janet Reno off the Netherlands to plug up those bikes.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Westchester. Hello. Westchester.
Oh, well, I'm in a long time. Listen to first time call. I want to know. It sounds like the telephone is inserted in your recto. You're speaking into the phone or what?
Speaking right into the phone. I just got out of bed. It sounds like it. And did you know what kind of food you have the stomach virus that I've gone? No, that the funky.
Oh, that's even worse. Well, I'm sorry for it. Thank you. I think I just wanted to see why why they don't mention anything about the food kids from that.
Father died on Haitian boats. Right. And there's nobody makes any fuss about a kid who wants to father. Right on the boat. Nobody says anything about it.
There's probably shipping them back. They don't take that. He's already back there. What he shipped them back. I don't see why they should have. They should have kept him here.
They gave him some old American like baseball and said, go and re sow these and do a real good job. And get out of our face. That's what they said. That's right.
Well, that's a bottle I've got to say. Okay, feel better pal. Okay. Thank God bless you. God bless America. Come on. Let's sing it. Let's hold hands and sing God bless. How's it go? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Where's Desi and Lucy when we need him to do a little Bob a little here and lighten it up a little bit.
Make everybody feel a little bit better about that. Come on. You can do it. That's what they're singing down there. Look at it. Somehow, somewhere, Ilion will be allowed to stay. Everything here this morning has been very at least like hooker Roger. Come on. One course.
Here's for Waterdale. Hello. Hey, hey, you all are. Yeah. Yes, very great. And back to you. I was watching the news last time that Cuban guy says they were going to protest.
And down time I am on Thursday. I have to go out there for work. I mean, what are these people do for a living? How do they make money?
Well, like I said, most of the people that I'm watching out the IMS building, most of them are over the age of 100. And so they're not working people. And of course, there's a few young punks down there who are taking advantage of the opportunity to go out and the screw off and probably unemployed.
Anyway, maybe what we should do is get these cops from West Palm. There seem to be racist and get them down there and beat the hell out of looking you and found them.
Okay, well, I'll be sure and give me your name and address. Tell me that you suggested it and phone number. Take his phone number 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 in the wireless line.
Nothing going on. If you're at work, if you're in your car, no reason to panic.
Something's going to go on. If the local media has to guarantee it has to do with themselves, something's going to happen. Not channel seven. Yes.
Right. The call his buddies out there. Something's going to be there by IMS officials saying in fact that the boy's father does have the right to custody of his son.
What are you? The father's got right to custody with son like that's like a shaking revelation. Is there any big news in that? No, just common sense.
In addition to which I know once he goes back there, assuming they can get his ass out of here and send him back there, he's not going to live like other 60 year old Cuban kids. He's going to be a superstar. They already got all the the t-shirts with his picture on. He's going to be elevated.
Well, he's a bigger than L. Duque. They're going to make a big show. In fact, he might be the successor. He might be the next dolly llama, you know. Well, he is the baby Jesus. I forgot about that.
It's the baby Jesus. I know. I know he's the baby Jesus. I saw him.
Thank God that we're dealing with rational people here in the middle of this. You know what I'm saying? All rational people don't get hysterical and like that.
God, this should be our worst problem. You know what this should be this? This should be the worst goddamn thing that ever happens in our lives.
And this kid he can't lose. I don't want to sound insensitive. He can't lose because if he stays here, they're going to make him in with supers. I probably give him his own big. They'll make a whole big display at Epcot, alien land, you know, illegal alien land or something like that.
And if he goes back there, like I just said, they're going to treat him with there. He's going to be living high off the hog. He's not going to be no rice and beans.
Whatever the hell it is that they eat over there. What do they eat? Horse meat remember that's a horse meat like I said.
I don't like to French them. In fact, maybe he was at that restaurant that catered that the Christmas or arm-saring. That restaurant days, I'm sorry.
The one where you saw the whip marks on the side as soon as you burst this and that's what Peter Leonard said. I saw those whip marks. I'd like to see him with whip marks. You know, oh, God.
Probably wouldn't show up though. We're against that burgundy skin. If you hit a partner. Well, let's give it a shot. Three minutes before I know it in 560 WQM.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio 560 QA and
the
garage at the IMS building with a police escort a garage that's usually off limits to anybody. But people who work for the immigration service security has been a very strong consideration out here all morning at the big game obvious that crowds were assembled to protest the expected decision to send
early on going on back to Cuba. Okay, Channel seven. They're on this. They're all over it, man. Like stink on my Schmidt 560 560.
560 on the AT&T line. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Pretty good. All right. Just wanted to comment on the situation with the kid on bicycle. Yes. Basically, you know, we don't know what was going through that officer's mind.
He's going to have to explain for himself why he cut the kid. But I can't comment on kids today in society as young as 9 years old are on probation for violent crimes. And the kids are just getting worse. Black, white or indifferent.
You just never know what's going through one of these kids minds or even the officers might maybe had a bad experience with some kid that put something in his mind that you know he just
feels that may have been the right thing to do with that at that point. I'm not buying it. Okay, I'm just not buying it. I just I don't I think it's an overreaction. Maybe you know when all of it comes out after the big lawsuit is by which I'm sure that there will be one.
I'm sure there's definitely going to be some repercussions, you know, on his and you know for coughing a nine year old child. But you know, you never know what went through his mind at that point.
And I can assure you by the way that he didn't know that he was being videotape. Oh sure. I mean all the other video tips that they're always showing on TV where they made it.
Fox made entire programs out of them where cops are brutalizing people usually black by the way or usually very young. And in this case both.
Oh sure. I mean it's always going to go on that things are going to get videotape and you know situations are going to get videotape that do go wrong.
And you know it's just something that he's going to have to explain for himself in the future in a court case that that's basically what it's going to boil down to.
I think even 10 million in just you know call it even basically. Yeah, I mean you might as well call it a loss because any which way you slice it.
You know he's going to wind up on the losing end. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. You two sir. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. See you'll always take the position opposite the cops. You notice that's right.
Just like those cops that were banging those 16 year old girls down or in candle. Cover up cover up just like the safety. I think it's all by all smells the same. It's all the same garbage.
And for every bad cop that they catch with the drugs and the murders and all the other stuff the Miami River cops all these different cases for every one of the catch.
There's how many hundreds of them that they don't catch doing all of this stuff. Just like the pop police.
And just like that story that I read this morning from Josie Lambe, before I sure hope I didn't toss that away.
Oh God, please tell me I didn't do that about Ken Jenny. Oh, here it is. In case you miss this. This is much bigger news. Okay.
The big adult business, the adult supermarket, the sex supermarket that they put on the corner of Broward and Northwest 25th Avenue.
One short block east of the BS headquarters ultimate adult video.
And it says we've got at least 10 deputies a day. The owner Peter past says they're among our best clients. Some of them come in uniform.
I guess that's a play on words. Quartz, Quartz. Some of them come in their uniforms and their patrol cars. Usually they're big on sex toys, condoms and videos. How do you like that?
Because they're people in a uniform. I know that comes in a great shock like athletes and everybody else in uniforms. America's got this obsession. In fact, maybe the whole world with people in uniforms.
Like somehow they're like, you know, it's like the church where their outfits on. I hate to break the news table when everybody's naked. It's usually not a pretty sight.
When you take the uniforms off, they all pretty much look the same. Yeah, we all pretty much look like crap. And even if they look good naked, believe me, the uniform adds nothing except the mystique.
So here we got the same sure who's busy trying to close down every adult establishment in Broward County and rating the swing clubs and everything else they can do. Mr. Anti sex, Mr. Rudy Giuliani, Jr.
And they build this big joint like a smart short block away and his people are going in there. They're some of the best customers. And you want to know why they're some of the best customers because number one, they're horny. And number two, they know they're not going to get busted.
How do you like that? They're not going to get busted. Who's going to bust them?
Want to go in there and uniform. Didn't some of the cops get busted at the swing club. But they were there were.
There weren't BSO where they were from like other departments, other pre think. And they also didn't have a badge on their.
She said they couldn't tell if they had their badge number tattooed on their.
Then they would have known left them alone with their bond. Well, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, nice bubble. Luke to you today.
Balaloo. I was just catching that feeding friends and going on all over the new today about the whole alien thing.
Hey, you know, this is just another way to prove how screwed up this town is, you know.
But anyway, I wanted to touch base on a couple of other things as far as it is.
Refreshing to see all these white people in that neighborhood for a change. That's kind of interesting.
No, anyway, there she is. Wait here in South Florida. I just to say that he does belong with his father against.
We're not hearing what you say. They got Ilyana Rosanna. Dan O'Ladyn on there. She just sends me that bitch.
Yeah, she's getting like attacked by all these you can't mob by all these reporters all over.
Anyway, she's on that that that that that that that that she makes me puke. But anyway, I was I was referring to it to the show when you were doing it with no calls.
Yes, I actually like it with the calls the two reasons because you'll either get really good calls every once in a while or you get these really outrageous stupid calls, which are just black.
Yeah. So as and one more thing George, I feel your pain, man. I grew up in a terrible neighborhood got my bike stolen by three black kids. There you go.
So I feel your pain brother. I think that company had a good point up there. You know, yeah. Okay, have a great day.
Daniel is not what I said before. Yeah, I think he had a good point that kid might have been asked murder. He might have been kind of OJ for all we know he might even know.
Pedro a Guerrero for all we know. Let's play that by Karen Carpenter. What do you say for all we know? No.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. You know, the more I think about it, I did like a lot of their music, but she had a really morbid voice. Maybe that's why she stopped eating croak.
You know, she had a good voice, but morbid was low. Most yeah, low low like kind of like that. Yeah, it is different. No, I do like their music, but she was morbid.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and the out of town line silent dormant. I'm not wasting my time with that number. Okay, you know the number to you guys. All right.
Palm Beach County for me. Fort Myers for peers for whatever.
Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah, instead of sitting at the parade, all these people should be working. Yeah, you know, most of my to old to be working. Well, then they should be told to what should be in a nursing home right?
Exactly. I mean, all those people out there, what are they going to prove? They're going to do nothing. They should be doing something more.
They should be at a hospital visiting some sick people. No, no, they should be. Why not? I mean, why should they be going to a hospital visiting some sick people at some sick kids in a hospital, taking them some bananas and cookies and stuff and some beans and rice and horse meat.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and like I said, it's the much to do. There's three cops, three city of Miami, Parker. There's four or fourth one. There's four. Parker's there. They got the street locked off right there at the corner. There's Wendy's. By the way, George, take a look on Channel 7. There's Wendy's.
I can't. Why not? I don't have the cable in here. Oh, like I said, there's Wendy's on a corner of this game in the 79th. The one that you like so much. And if they like, I wouldn't go down there for burger right now, but nevertheless.
They were very nice about making it without the bun, by the way, they're remember. Yeah. And we got, I would say that it's crowded. Maybe now 300 people. Wow. Yeah, there's no big timmies and nothing's going on. And they're like milling around and walking around. And of course, they're waiting for the official announcement. That's when they're going to start going like that ballistic.
Oh, no, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, they don't say, oh, they're all you. I'm sorry. Sports radio 560.
Excuse me. I got two sets of a red. Well, George, you're doing your nice to be out here fishing with you. Looks like you pretty much got the election on. I got to ask how to do it.
Oh, hey, that was easy. I just listen to my boss. The ones that used to be my advice. That's right, daddy. Say what?
But what they tell you to do, George, that they said, read my lips. Drink, bush like bush like it has all the famous fortune of my good family.
They without any of them wanted specific content or substantive insight into our vision for the nation. That boy, you're going to make a fine listener cabinet.
Looking for popularity without having to actually express any real political agenda, want to win it all without ever actually saying what you're thinking.
I push light. Just a few sips and I find I'm not bothered with thinking at all. Push light almost looks like the original, but it's nuts.
I believe that the most important aspect of a good foreign policy is seeing able to have a policy regarding foreign affairs.
Thank you. Thank you. And thank you, bush light. Bush light for the candidate who has it all and did nothing to get there.
Perfect. Oh, it's 1214 and 560 WQ. I'm Hank Goldberg. It's your list today into a clock. Move shopping at 6. Then we got that. Her cool basketball at 730 Panthers at the mighty ducks.
10 o'clock pregame tonight. It's going to be listening. Huh? No. I'm going to be watching. No. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Uh oh. Uh oh. The result. I an estimate twice with the father in Cuba and separately with the great uncle and the lawyers in Miami.
This is doors. My after careful evaluation of the relevant facts. I and that has determined that Mr. one gun dollars of Cuba has the sole legal authority to speak on behalf of his son,
and the
Williams,
immigration status in the United States. There is no question that Mr. Gonzalez is Aliens father.
I better want. Over Mr. Gonzalez has had a close and continuous personal relationship with his son.
During I and S is interviews with Aliens father. The father provided vivid details about his parental relationship with his son and about the nature of the bond that they share as father and son.
He provided extensive documentation about Aliens schooling and his medical and health histories as well as photographs depicting the activities in which he and his other family members frequently participated with Aliens.
The scope of information and the level of detail that Mr. Gonzalez provided helped inform I and S as to the nature and the closeness of the relationship Mr. Gonzalez shared with his son.
I and S has not uncovered any information that might call into question Mr. Gonzalez is parental and legal rights with regard to Aliens immigration status.
During I and S is to meetings with Mr. Gonzalez. His wishes for Ali and were discussed at some length.
The father made it very clear during both of these meetings that he wants Aliens return to him as soon as possible.
Based on these meetings I and S believe that the father is expressing his true wishes.
And therefore we have determined that Aliens should be reunited with his father.
I and S has advised both Mr. Gonzalez and Aliens great uncle in Miami of the decision.
And he prepared to work with all the parties involved to make the appropriate arrangements for Aliens return to his father by January 14 2000.
Having reached a decision I and S believe there are several ways this decision can be carried out.
Yes. The United States has discussed with the government of Cuba their consideration of allowing Mr. Gonzalez Aliens father to travel to the United States to accompany Aliens home.
I and S has also offered Aliens great uncle in Miami and any member of his Miami family an opportunity to escort Aliens back to Cuba.
In addition third parties have offered to assist in facilitating Aliens return to his father.
I and S is ready to work with the family and others to make appropriate arrangements for Aliens to be reunited with his father.
We believe that this decision can be carried out without I and S is taking charge of Aliens.
This decision has been based on the facts and the law. Both United States and international law recognize the unique relationship between parent and child.
And family reunification has long been a cornerstone of both American immigration law and I and S practice.
It is our hope that with the knowledge of today's decision the Miami relatives will agree to cooperate, work together with either Aliens father or a third party to facilitate Aliens return to his father.
No. This little boy who has been through so much belongs with his father.
We urge everyone involved to understand respect and uphold the bond between parent and child and the laws of the United States.
Thank you very much.
Doris Miser of the INS there it is okay and of course now in a crowd out there they're all going like that as expected 5 670 560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Lighthouse point. Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
If cooler heads had prevailed on both sides of the straight this whole situation would have offered a perfect opportunity to resolve this Cuban American crisis.
It's been going on for the last 20 years.
And what would that be?
Okay, first Aliens stays in his father comes over here and exchanged for that we lift the trade embargo in its entirety with Cuba.
Okay, then after that we encourage the owners of both the American and national league teams to establish baseball.
Okay, 5 670 560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Yes, let me start by saying that I'm a native Miami.
I'm so sorry.
Well, I apologize.
Oh my.
I am so pissed off and I've had I've had enough of this crap.
Did you see the Harold?
Yes.
The front page crap where the brothers to the rescue leader was pinning the wings of something on this idiot that flew the airplane over the final last weekend.
Yeah.
What kind of crap is that?
Are we supposed to think that that's a metal of honor like the purple heart the government with the stove upon somebody that does something good?
Evidently.
What kind of crap is that?
Crap.
And there's a little bit of a brain to crap.
You should know what kind of crap it is.
We've been connected to it for a long time now over and over again.
And the Harold endorses it like it's somebody like like we're all supposed to.
Oh my god.
What a great brain guy this guy was.
He was a fricking lunatic.
That's all I got to say.
Okay.
Good luck pal.
Go kiss a manatee.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Doris might have been spoken from the ILS.
By nine days from now, aliens should be backing Cuba with daddy.
And by the way, there will be a lot of worst places in the world that they could be them there.
I know that comes to shock to some people in this audience.
There would be a lot of worst places that it could be like in Haiti, for example,
or in La Repubblicate in Minicana or like in Nicaragua or like in Mexico.
I can think of so many other places where he lived in much, much worse poverty.
And especially a lot of the fact that now that he's been made a cause so led mostly by people over here who give them the opportunity.
As always, give cash or the opportunity to make a big PR move and make a big stink in a song of dance.
And he did.
And encourage the word we're looking for is coerced and encourage all those people to go out there and protest and we're the alien t-shirts and the signs and set of an salon.
And there you go. And so now he's going to be the king of the universe, Melahau Olam.
And he ain't even Jewish. What's with the line three, by the way? Is that line working or something?
Kind of funky. A little worried about his phone, a little concerned.
We've had too many days in a row. All we did have that line seven thing on Monday. That was good.
Here's a call from the Grove. Hello. Hello, God. Yes, sir. Speaking.
About Andy. See. Why don't you go back to Cuba? You're a stink bath. Why don't you?
Oh, my God, they're playing our material to us on the.
Why don't you go back to Cuba? You're a stink bath. There you go.
Alright, excellent. Try this. You're but are going to quality of our stuff. It's not very good equipment here, but.
There we go. And why were I did, by the way?
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yes, sir.
You know what really gets me what brought your answer? Okay. These Cubans come over here. They they're robbing us.
They come over here. They work for 10 years and they get social security.
You and I bus our ass for 40 years and we get social security. They come over here for 10, 15, 20.
Okay, nice knowing you George.
I'm not sorry, right? Okay, George, in the exception, he has no certain that it is bad.
Correct him. Okay.
But he disguised them come over and check, I think. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 8th.
Did you sense that the people here are a little frustrated with his craft? Yeah.
Now, I don't want to say it all for you. It's because I am objective and I try to be fair.
Even though sometimes I feel very badly, but nevertheless, there aren't any more people out there right now.
It doesn't look like to me on a quarter of a biscuit and 79.
Then there were the Haitians a couple of days ago who had a legitimate complaint, had legitimate grievance and who were peaceful and were not obnoxious.
And they made their demonstration and that was it.
And there are people out there right now and they're standing around and mostly Cuban flags and one American flag and a couple of people are.
Like that's it.
It has been made. We understand that there are polls for people to go to Aliens House and form a human chain around the house and then to continue demonstrating tomorrow.
Aliens Miami relatives have not yet emerged from the immigration building. They came here shortly after 11 o'clock, INS.
In other words, the messages, forget about the INS, forget about the law, forget about what the courts will say, which they will say something.
Forget about the law. We want it this way and like a bunch of poor little children, we're going to make it happen and you're going to do it our way or or something.
Let me say it again. I live in Broward County.
All right.
Me too.
1225 at 560 WQAM.
Just keep in mind, by the way, one more good reason to live in the Broward County or someplace besides AIDS.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Does this crack go on?
Head cap with no discourse.
Starting in the end of the last game in weeknight. Only on sports radio 560 QAM.
The firefighters remain purged high on these long ladders, hoses in hand.
The following is a paid political announcement.
Hi, President Trump here. Well, technically I'm not president yet, but realistically you know I'm going to win.
Face it. I've got the personality and if that don't do it, I'll make a couple calls. I know some of you.
Anyways, the future of First Lady would like to say a few words.
I'd like for to have more of the diamonds for my neck, let's please.
Yeah, in a minute, baby.
Anyway, here's what you call my platform.
My first order of business when elected will be to change the height, weight chart for women to consider all women under six feet tall and over 106 pounds to be deemed nightly obese.
And therefore sent to an island for fat people.
They will have to kill and put their own food. That should teach them my diamonds. I am not saying.
Yeah, whatever. Just to say.
Now my second order of business is going to be to legalize gambling in all 51 states.
That's right. 51. See effective immediately after the guy in the robe swears me in all the acquiring Cuba.
I'm calling it free republic of Donuts.
Oh, and I'm going to make a White House much, much taller. So it'll become the tallest residential building in the world.
I want to be placed in both the table.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I love to stand chat about being president, but.
I have to go have sex with my super model girlfriend now.
God bless the United States of America.
Proceeding with paid for by thousands of compulsive gamblers sitting in front of one arm bandage at Trump's Taj Mahal.
Property at 560 WQM. We got Hank at the Schuylers State to it to a clock today.
Where it has it. Rumor I just heard is that Hank's going to be doing a half hour apology to that broad.
I mean, the nice lady.
You know, the one at Cecil Collins just wanted to get a look at that's the room that I'm hearing.
560 560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
West Palm. What's all happened to that line? Hello?
Hey, New York. Yes, sir.
I don't know how in the world I'll be able to top the last two colors and they were great.
I think your fingers getting too slow for the dump button for that last guy.
A couple of weeks ago we were talking about the police corruption stuff.
Yeah, this isn't as bad, but how's that public in an off duty cop came pulling up in his cop car into the fire lane jumped out to do his dry cleaning.
Right? Yes, sir. If it was us, we'd be ticketed. Correct.
Thanks 560 560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. You see the important things that these people are worried about. Jesus Christ.
Wow. And you cops out there, but of course he probably was at that adult story. You know, maybe he came in as uniform.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello.
Danielle, how you doing today? Okay. Listen, I'm curious about something and what your opinion is as far as like what's my face on it. Yeah.
We had the impeachment hearings and with shots with high crimes and a missed high crime.
Mr. Meener, yeah. Yeah. What was that all about now the Cuban community? What was it now the community?
Cuban community screaming about treason in this country speaking against the government and protesting blocking the roads.
Yeah. So what this is the start of this disobedience. Why don't they not get charged with crimes because they got the keys to the kingdom?
Do we pop the we pop this in which one of the one of the Cubans though about blow jobs anyway. The Democrats are going to pay for what about this kid by the Ilyan. The Democrats are going to pay what type of what type of.
You understand you're dealing with right wing one note Charlie's. I mean, what do you sound so confused about like this is like something new?
Yeah. This is the United States of America. Go out there on the corner of Biscayne and 79th with your American flag and keep saying this is the United States of America. Keep saying it over and over again. Okay. Because I don't have time for five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 80.
This is a police state you clown you silly person you. This is a freaking police state.
And whoever's got the keys to the kingdom whoever's paying off the right people whoever's got the politicians and the judges in their pocket. They're the ones that get the action period.
Jesus Christ grow up now come into the 21st century please before it's too late wake up and sell a stick as think the daffodils. Take a stench of it.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Hi enjoy your show. Fortunately I'm been able to hear it today.
But I just got home turn on television see on every channel you're getting all this stuff and just heard the the announcement from the I and S.
You know fortunately they did the right thing here. This was a no brainer. The kid needs to be read you and I with his father. Of course.
What would be funny and this has been kind of a funny thing through the whole thing is is for the father to fly over you reunite with this son as he should. Yeah. And then decide. Hey. I want to say. Yeah.
But see I thought that too but the problem with that is if that's going to happen and that's a very bad precedent. Well it is a bad president but it will be a little funny.
I mean it's this whole thing has been kind of a political I don't know what you would call it. In addition to which that would certainly precipitate some kind of an international tension.
I'm not saying we're going to have a war over it but it would certainly create a very bad scenario between the. It might it might not be so great right now but it would make it a lot worse.
It would be kind of funny and with an ironic. You know if this guy comes over I don't think it would be funny at all I think what ought to happen is what's supposed to happen that the kid gets that right and I'm in for once they did the right thing and whatever the Cuban and talk.
In addition was looking at how many people were in Cuba right now we'll never get to this new land. I really got to build better both that I love you Neil. Thanks buddy. You keep it up. No what we have to do is not have better boats but a better immigration policy. That's what we need to do.
Like I said yesterday enough already cut the crap. Just say no and then they won't come if you say yes then they'll come if you say no then they'll stop coming.
And this toe on toe out policy this this is just the craziest thing in history mankind.
Which is why you saw that desperate thing we had months and months ago where we had the Coast Guard with a guy named pepper spray and they're trying desperately to get the last few yards to shore and a Coast Guard is holding them out there.
It's just a pile of crap that's like the don't ask don't tell policy exactly.
Not a cone make up your mind on it.
Are they in or are they out that's the question.
Here's a mobile and little Havana hello. What's up Neil how you doing sir like to thank you for separating the right wing nutty crazy old domino playing Cuban right from the law biting.
Yeah there's a lot of money there only two or three hundred people out there and then of course once the audio mom be in these other stations and the brothers to the rescue get other people with the middle of the usual saying thousand or 2000 people and the rational people which is the overwhelming majority.
They're embarrassed and humiliated by this they don't want any part of it.
Absolutely. That's why let those that little population know that I live in little Havana and I have a really crappy car so if you're blocking my way home I will run into you.
I hear you got bad breaks too is what I hear.
Absolutely. Thank you. Good luck.
Oh yeah it's hard to give those pedestrians a break when you don't have any you know that's right oops sorry I wanted to stop with five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's North Miami hello.
Neil how you doing pretty good.
Yeah I just saw on the news about the time that decision I just think of worries me is now we got to go through all these stupid protests again and they're going to be tying up traffic and making the human change across the.
Yeah they want to have a human chain around the house. How do you like that?
Yeah that's that's wonderful you know it's like that.
What right do these people think they have and the keep us can away from his natural father that's what I understand.
They're about that.
Don't confuse them with the facts in other words they have spoken they've made their decision to what has to happen and the kid is just a they don't care about the kid.
They don't care about the kid they don't care about the father all they care about is making another guy then one of their hysterical statements.
I you see we stuck it to get that cast out again.
Stuck it to the cast out that's all they care about.
It's a political political party.
I'm so sick and tired of going down.
I'm not going to cast her I just want to puke.
I just I can't take it anymore I was born and raised here I grew up in North Miami and I can't take it anymore.
You want me to get the hell out.
I'll see you in Howard.
All right.
Take it.
Yeah I don't want anybody to get nervous or anything but we are going to be building a wall with the died dayed Howard line right there at the Golden Glades.
The entertainer going to be building a gigantic wall they're very soon with barbed wire with charged barbed wire.
And that's just the way it is.
Okay don't take it personally I mean unless you want to but we are going to be building a gigantic in fact the remnants of the Berlin wall that they've been selling in those souvenir shops.
They are going to be shipping all those remnants in here from the Berlin wall and building the London bridge.
Exactly.
Or maybe just the Brooklyn bridge there's still singing a Gulf Stream every now and then maybe we can get the whole other round.
Are you starting to see if these in 60's groups what is it we could get some of those county crowds to guard the wall.
Sure they're out of the job no problem.
22 before one at five so I hear what's the sign what's this my icon no pianist say a money it does.
WWW dot my decone something like that.
You think I'm joking.
It's more 3D 60 QAM.
I got a man on here.
Anyone that's over a chair looks the same to me.
Welcome.
Outside of something hanging down there their back is all I can see.
It's just a little bit too time for me.
I'll use some KY jelly and inside I'll be what does matter who you do if they can't see you.
When they're taking it up the tube.
Anyone been over a chair for the other or guys.
Yes.
As long as there's not too much hair then it should feel fine.
Every time I see a brown eyes smiling I'm riding from the high and then sitting inside.
I'll be only seeing that trick see down from getting hard.
Is when the other ones are bent over the chair I don't care if your legs are far.
So they must not really on the chimp I don't care if your legs are far.
That's what the one time they're getting rid of.
So they must not really on come on let's go what you say.
18 to 1 at 5 60 WQM here's a fact that says a channel seven reporter at the IMS.
So you wouldn't believe who this is from by the way but I won't say it on the air to protect his safety.
The channel seven reporter at the IMS protest quoted one woman saying we built my knee will destroy my knee regarding her dismay at the IMS.
Are you even aware you participated in the cities silencing me not are available yet I think you're lazy on decision.
Guess what lady it's two lady?
5 6 7 0 5 6 the .5 6 50 on the 18 3 in wildest line here is a mobile in was there hello.
Meal yes sir.
This is a Julio born in Tampa, Florida.
I'm a firm believer in all the all the aspects of all the humans that are here in Miami.
But unfortunately, I'm just when I don't agree with them.
It's simple principles. You cannot take the child away from a parent if they are alive.
If the situation was that his father also died, then there's no questions about it.
In this case, he has to be returned to his other parent who is alive.
I am a Cuban. I was born in Tampa.
I played dominoes, I smoked cigars, but I'm a pure believer of what this country stands for.
This is something that we do have to, unfortunately, it is an unfortunate matter.
Things are really bad in Cuba. Even though it's not as bad as everybody, as all the Cubans have it out to me.
I'm telling you, Alayna has got a lot better chance of surviving in school every day than he has gone to school in the US.
At least he isn't going to get shot in school over there.
That's one thing that I think about.
I agree with you, but I am a front believer of all the other.
Those Cubans have gone through a bunch of crap here in the States.
So, Everett's been a big bearded man.
Maybe you'll wake up with wild diarrhea tomorrow. Have a great day, pal.
5, 6, 7, 8, come on. Let's have a curse on Fidel for wild, screaming diarrhea.
Come on. Let's...
He's full of it.
He could probably be on a pot for days before he finally made it.
But, Elvis, don't forget the King's item, Throne.
Absolutely correct.
What is it? Send him some of the...
Yeah, get Peter Lendered over there with a care package for Fidel.
Wow.
Here's the Mami Shores. Hello.
Mami Shores.
Yeah, hi. How are you doing? Yes, sir. Good.
Yeah, I was...
One of those people down there at the 79th Street, standing there with all those second class citizens.
And I think that's all the way to the Bay.
But what do you... I don't understand what does that mean?
All those Cubans. I think they're all second class citizens.
Well, why are you standing there?
Standing there with their green cards. I think it's a ridiculous situation.
I thought you just said I was one of the people there.
I was driving by, I got out of my car, and I just was anxious to see what was going on.
I'm hoping this kick was back tomorrow.
Yeah.
I think it belongs with this...
Well, let me ask you what is going on, because I'm watching it on TV for the last two hours.
I don't think much of anything going on.
You played on the radio all the time. They're going, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like that? Yeah, it's really ridiculous. I mean, these people...
I mean, most of the people I'm looking at right now, they're just standing there doing nothing.
They got their hands in their pockets feeling the change, and there's a couple of Cuban flags up in the air,
and the American flag is going on.
I think everybody down their head, old and those Cuban flags up, should be on that plane with Hilly and going back to Cuba.
Okay.
That's how I feel.
Okay.
You're in the United States. Be proud of where you are.
How many of you are still coming?
You know, I talked to some people while they're having interviews, and I shouted out, speak English.
I feel as long as they continue to speak Spanish language, and carry those Cuban flags, or whatever flags they carry,
they're only going to be second class citizens.
Okay. So the time of you're out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five. Do you say second class citizens?
Oh.
Okay. I thought you said that.
5, 6, 6, 8, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
Right on high,
I'm a real coach in hell, it's all up to tag me up.
I hate to say a sad face, I want a joke around.
No, it's a bit for me, all the ground.
He's an NFL talk.
He should never hear the jail cell lock.
Yeah!
Every small strange child,
never many cribin' old they to be nice.
That is, you can catch the ball,
look up at the ball with a razor murder,
and be alright.
As long as they can feel the bleachers.
It's still out some day skiing.
Who cares who gets runny on his bare naked money,
and the land is like you do the way.
He'd be like a fat, dead in a cow,
or an old brown,
or would go red for the arms of brown,
be it an NFL talk.
He'd never hear the jail cell lock.
He'd never hear the jail cell lock.
Oh, right.
One o'clock at 5'60 WQA and they're out there,
it looks like a little bit out a few people, by the way.
Am I dreaming?
Well, that's right, you can't see.
When they have a univision on the satellite.
Every time they show it, it looks like 50 people.
Yeah.
No more than 100.
I would say that the tops were like 250,
maybe 300 at one point,
but now it looks like it's kind of diminished.
They made the announcement and stand it out there.
It's going to change nothing.
And then it looks greatly diminished,
because now there's room like kind of sidewalk right there.
In fact, there's room to get your way over the Wendy's,
or just hop across the street there and go out of the floor.
Maybe that's where they all went.
To get in a slice?
Huh?
Maybe they went to get sliced.
5'6'7, oh there, and now where is this?
Come on, focus that camera.
Focus the camera, you assholes.
What's that?
Of course, she's also been speaking for the INS.
But in most parts, she was run out of the crowd.
She's been out across, she's now across the street.
And you can see some of the crowd has spilled over.
There's a little bit of what appears to be tension heating up over there.
As you can see, a lot of cameras and flags flying.
But for those part, we do have the crowd spinning out here right now.
There will be people on that channel.
Yeah, I can hear it out of here.
Total irresponsibility.
Who's this clown on Channel 7?
They got some brought over there with two cops and one other guy here on there.
There's a little bit of tension building over there.
Just be a little more responsible and stop getting psychotic.
You crazy person.
Whoever you are, you fat face turred on Channel 7.
And the crowd is spinning out like a duck.
I just got through sand without all the hysteria.
Just a calm like me, God damn it.
Well, Channel 7 right down the street there.
They're only praying.
Can you imagine how fast they could have all their new trucks up there?
And then a rookie tiki or stand on the corner, hypervidelating and squatting.
And drop on the load right there by Wendy's.
Or maybe by Taco Bell.
That would be more appropriate in his case.
How about you? He goes to Taco Bell.
You know.
Yeah, I hear that Rick Sanchez is really Mexican.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18.
And by the way, the guy that he hit in the car.
Yeah, how is that?
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Okay, good. Nice hearing from you.
Oh, that was George Beasley.
Oh, I speak of the measly.
Thank you very much.
By the way, he didn't realize I was going to appreciate to call very much because it reminds me.
I forgot to mention this in the midst of all this.
I'm going on today.
George G Beasley, chairman and CEO of Beasley Barcast group is pleased to announce the acquisition of three silly AM stations and Florida's East Coast.
WWW NN.
That's the one where Steve Cain has been doing that show in the morning, I believe.
I think.
And WHS R AM and WSPR AM and West Palm.
The latest addition brings the total number of stations owned by the company.
The 35 21 FM is 14 AMs.
Other Beasley stations in the area are WPO WP and the QAM and KISS.
KISS this.
Two of the newly acquired stations host a talk radio format WW NN emphasizes health concerns.
And the WSPR focuses on business financial information.
WHS R format is international entertainment serving predominantly the areas Haitian community.
How do you like that?
Bob Marrence will serve as the general manager of these stations.
We welcome him and his staff at the Beasley Broadcast family pending FCC approval of the company expected a closing on the second quarter of 2000.
Does that mean anything to us?
No.
Is that significant?
No.
Are any of these stations worth $50?
No.
And they finished the construction out here up on the third floor?
No.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm wondering about these people.
How they can afford to be buying these little Mickey Mouse radio stations when they can't even get the goddamn ceiling things in up there.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh huh.
This seven day five year project out here that most of you could have done by yourself in your spare time on the weekends in about two weeks.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
I'm going to go there.
Yes, sir.
Hey, not to switch gears at all, but.
Hey, did you have them to catch you at PBS special or power play?
No.
With, with, uh, they started it with investigating organized crime.
Oh, you know, you're not, you're not nothing with the, uh, please.
If it's old, it's rehashed.
It's a repeat.
The CBC had it three years ago.
It's crap and have a great day.
Oh, please, please.
I beg you.
I'm begging you.
No more stupid calls about that PBS thing with a Russian mafia and pop out burray.
And this one and that one and an anachorn a whole year and all that other stuff, please.
When I want to talk hockey on the show, I get a meaningful call.
Oh, somebody can talk about hockey.
No, but they see some stupid documentary on there that's old tired material.
And right away, I heard my second call on it.
The first call out of the box this morning was about that crap.
First one.
After all these important, uh, craft that we're talking about here and they're talking about unimportant crafts.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I call from Miami.
I'm racing.
Philadelphia, the home of the American flag.
But he runs the house.
Uh-huh.
Benjamin Jackson.
And the worst sports fans in the history of the world.
Yes.
Liberty Bell.
Most of not in sports fans.
Yes.
The guy who called in on the cellular who's the second, uh, second generation, uh, Cuban.
I'm the guy in the show as I was born and raised in Philadelphia.
Why didn't he tell me where you were born and raised?
I was just the same jacket.
I call it back.
We don't do twice.
Once the king always the king wants the queens enough.
Get out of here.
You bumbling old fool you.
Now we know what the Liberty Bell's got a goddamn crack in it.
This guy's got a crack problem.
God, what an asshole.
This guy is an asshole.
Like I just said.
As Barnard raised, the sheriff of Philadelphia, Benjamin Franklin.
Yeah, you sound like Benjamin Franklin.
Okay, I feel like a bad case of the flu.
Congratulations on a long life, Ben.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
I got a solution to this whole, uh, two-fotation, rescue rescue two problems.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Is this country's into recycling, isn't it?
5667-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Actually, I'm right down here at the demonstration right now.
Here's a mobile from 79th in this game.
Right.
So there's a few people mowing around here.
And I'm watching it right now.
Don't look like too much.
Which cameras, which, uh,
do you see me on the cell phone?
I don't know if you see me on a camera.
Channel seven, my channel seven.
Do you see me on the camera?
What were you doing?
I'll scan the camera's here.
Side down here up on the, you had to face in the other,
it's actually facing the other direction.
Well, I'll take the go-beer.
But, uh, this is basically breaking out so much going on here.
Right.
Well, basically what I think the main issue is that we're giving
into a dictatorship.
And we're saying for Hiliand, it's a good place to live in Cuba.
So we're not saying it's a good place to live.
It's not our business to tell more to live.
That's where his father lives.
And that's where he has to be.
We're not saying it's a good place to live.
Why can't you understand that?
But he has no right when he goes back over there.
What do you mean he has no rights?
Well, what does he have no freedom of speech?
So he's under the territory.
He's under the territory.
He's under the territory.
He's under the territory.
I'm not cute by the way.
Sure, when he goes.
Sir, no, I don't see you on the camera.
So let me see.
Again, when he goes back there,
he's going to be treated like royalty.
You'll have more rights than all the other Cuban citizens put together.
Yeah, because they want to make an example of you.
And you can get back up.
So more power to him.
So if you're so concerned about him,
you wouldn't be saying all of these things, okay?
And this guy's more and more concerned about,
oh, you see me?
I'm waving at the camera.
You remind me that people are sitting in the Macarena, okay?
We'll keep waving at the camera as it goes around the crowd.
Oh, look, there I am.
It's me. Yes.
Big deal.
Like your big one moment in the sunshine.
And by the way, I still want to hear a push on there.
Thank God.
We're not sending any messages.
The message is that the law.
There is no evidence to indicate his father has done anything that makes him a bad father.
And that's what he belongs.
Period.
That's it.
That's the way it works.
Like every time we do something without being a bunch of hardasses,
all of a sudden we're making some kind of comment like,
Cass, it was wonderful.
That's a great, but that's not what anybody is saying, sir.
Well, he wants to be the guy that's got his finger in the Rosanne Rosanna.
Dan is right now.
That's him. Oh, yeah, look at that.
He's got his tongue on her.
Correct.
He is as Christ, pal.
Get off your knees.
You jackass.
Oh, it must be.
Oh, it looks like Todd Tungan here from Channel 10.
Did I mention a Channel 10 or a bunch of...
He's an asshole.
Yeah, I mentioned it.
Except for our good friend Don.
No.
He's a good guy over there.
The rest of them.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
C-O-R-R-E-C-T-I-O-N.
It's Correction Time.
I'm going to sell all my stock.
Hide under a rock.
It just needs a high.
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right.
All right.
Not bad.
Let's give him a 99 out of skill of about five, huh?
That's yours.
I'll beat most of this other crap we're here today with his same old text.
We're in a hell...
Oh, that's right.
I'm not in the...
How do I do this now?
What's this happened to my goddamn TV set what happened to my DSS god damn it. I'm stuck on channel seven
I can't get off so to speak I think you got to turn the other thing off what
The sad thing oh you know what that I'm on I'm on a set on this this thing here has like died or something
What's going on here? What kind of piece of turd? Oh?
There we go. I got it. I just had to turn it on and off
What's he completely marketed that was up 97 oh this guy? He's he's one of those tech dwellers this guy
Good I say great all you people that have made millions in you with your stupid tech rhymes with Drek stocks and as they act down
A hundred and eight again. How long did you think that bubble was gonna be before was gonna birth pal? Okay?
Good song though, but the down is up 100
That's what we like for those of us who got our money. I don't even know where it is who knows where it is
Who knows if you've even got it? Let's get back here on channel seven important stuff, huh?
Come on. Let's go this this thing is a piece of turd like all the other equipment in here look at this
I can't even change my partner. We'll probably need like batteries
I realized that would require a lot of great expense like maybe a couple of AA batteries see here George
Couple of AA batteries might be good
So I can change the channels on his goddamn piece of crap, which if I didn't have this TV set and didn't have the satellite dish
We wouldn't be talking about any of the stuff that's going on
So thanks again Jeff Cohen and thanks to our friends at national. What was it satellite?
Didn't rule satellite we got some batteries because these things are history look at these
But those are not good those are a wall game that he buys wall green batteries
Jesus Christ you slipper
Kind of big bucks. You're making your buying wall greens batteries although they are hell a lot better than what was in here
I'll tell you that
Well, look at that now this thing. It's flying through the channels
Here's your lock cards from the white house in a politically charged atmosphere
And I think it took some time
For the ionists to work through and gather the facts to go and establish
Let them have a go who ultimately spoke for the boy and that's a term of legal art, but they have established that
Actually really I think I think the president believes that the ionists
I
Went about this the proper way and have
Brought together the facts and are correctly interpreting the law there you go
That's your lock card White House spokesman for El Presidente
Auto's democracy there you go get hysterical again 10 minutes after one at 560 WQ and the
best
one thing by the way.
The media is sick and need help badly.
Amen.
Channel 7 always got the new hysterical.
Of course, always being a little bit more hysterical than anybody else.
The station day, they got the new logo with a little picture of Ali on there and continuing
coverage.
The station day.
In the meantime, there's like almost nobody there because the decision has been made.
Now these people will go back and listen to their banana boat, people on their Spanish
language radio stations and they'll all sit around and go, and case a raw, but in the
meantime they're not a goddamn thing going on.
But it's the station day as Channel 7 again tries to exploit and whip up and stir up.
That's our full question today by the way.
Who is more irresponsible to English language media or the Spanish language media in this
town?
Who are the worst exploiters?
I guess we'll find out in the next few days.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I started the hockey game on the Atlanta game.
You're sitting all by yourself.
I was going to come over there and sit with the real hockey fans.
Yeah.
And what are we calling a, you know, once a stick always a stick, you know, and send
it a little ass back.
Okay, great.
Let you didn't come by and sit down by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And you know what?
They also have a saying for this guy, once an asshole, always an asshole.
Isn't that the way that thing goes?
Something like that.
The next time you go to the game, by the way, worry about the game and don't worry about
me and who I'm sitting and who I'm sitting with, which jacket I'm wearing and you
know what I'm wearing.
I'm wearing a jacket.
You know what I'm wearing.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I'm wearing a jacket.
I wanted to take a look at her.
You know, five in the morning.
Let me say it again.
Five o'clock in the morning.
You've tried off the window screen.
Crawled inside her room.
And guess what?
Her husband was there.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
In a sack with her at five in the morning.
We were expect to find her.
I guess.
Bad move, Cecil.
Bad move, Cecil.
Yeah, we talked about Cecil.
Oh yeah, big deal.
I'm really impressed.
Oh yeah, big deal.
People who glamorize scumbags.
Oh.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil, I just got one question for you.
How about the mother of this kid that lost her life?
Because she wanted that boy to have freedom here.
Now they're going to send him back.
And for the other guy that said,
you should send his butt back over to Cuba.
See how he likes it.
Okay.
Well, send his ass there and see how long it survives.
Five, yeah, we're just going to send his best of them can stay here.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, man.
You know, I think the Cuban people are warm and loving.
But I know a lot of what would you say something like that?
There are some like, well, what kind of a statement is that that is so degrading and so condescending.
There are some Cuban people are warm and loving and there are some more assholes like it every other group.
What does that mean?
Well, overall, the culture.
Culture what?
What culture?
Well, you know, having make a big deal over their kids.
I mean, you know, they've practically...
They're very family.
They're very family-oriented.
If you want to start making generalizations, that is correct.
Yeah.
So that's what I'm saying, the generalization.
But, you know, I think they're also barbaric.
I mean, they go by the rule of the mob.
They think that, you know, forget laws.
If they're going to protest this.
Well, but you're saying you're saying the Cuban people are barbaric is what you just said.
Yeah.
So, in other words, the 200 people that were out there protesting just now,
or the thousand people or so who protested and blocked the streets the last time,
that represents the million and a half or too many of people are Cuban,
or whatever we got here in South Florida.
Yeah.
I think it does represent the representation of the feeling of the Cuban people.
Is it really?
She represents all the Americans?
Yeah, you must represent all the Americans.
This phone call.
Maybe.
You don't represent me.
You did, on the one hand, the Cubans are warm and loving people.
And they make a ridiculous generalization, which is assing on the face of it,
but they're barbaric.
They're all loving, but they're barbaric.
You an asshole, lady.
Okay, get out of here.
You're a jerk.
Let me say it again.
And I know that most of you can't relate to it because you've been brought up in a world,
especially in the country, this loaded with not just in this country,
all over the world with prejudices.
Show me your, you know, your family tree.
Where were you?
They born.
Where was the grant?
You know, all this other crap.
Who gives a flying crap?
It's a bunch of bulls.
Get a degree.
Yeah, you're pedigree.
I got pedigree if they can.
Christ.
People are people.
There's good and bad and everybody is that, is that difficult to understand?
I guess it is.
Oh, yeah, the Polox are dumb and the, uh, French are, they smell bad, but that part's true.
And, you know, and all of a sudden, the Jews have big noses,
and the Sparks are lazy and chieftains, and have big penises, even the women.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
How juvenile do you have to be to think like that?
How much of a moron do you have to be?
This woman, what she should have done is the beginning of her call to save a lot of time.
We just say, I'm a moron.
And I was said, yeah.
And that would have been the end of that.
Yeah.
Save a lot of time.
God.
You're right.
We do need these phone calls.
Like they say in China, like a lock and cup.
Here's a mobile in Davie.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Great.
Hey, I just wanted to say, make a comment that guy just caught up a couple of calls.
I don't know.
I can't keep track there.
Hey, he was the militant guy.
Milliclin's dick, yeah.
Yeah.
What kind of mother risked a nine-year-old son's life floating him over here?
You're a very good person.
Yes, that's an excellent.
And, you know, all I got to say is, I'll have some of you see Leon and take Brook Daniels with you.
Okay.
Take Brook Daniels.
How do you like that?
Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.
Facts about that bitch.
Where the hell is that?
Yesterday I was at work listening to that babbling Brook bitch.
It's a, now why, why would this guy, who are we?
Adrian, Adrian, why would you be doing that?
Call her, call her to say that he's listening to Neil, but I'm to say that I was rippered about her back.
Oh, about her hunchback.
Yeah.
I thought I meant behind her back.
No right to her face.
I'll be glad to tell her.
And don't call me anymore.
Brook, I can't stand you.
And now you said that to be gone for six months and essence he was trying to start a war.
How can you start a war with a show that has no audience?
Anyway, what she said will make you shmit in your pants.
She said that she loved you before, but now you have a bug up your rectum about her.
And because of assholes like me, I'll be out of here as soon as possible.
She says, anything prick.
Yeah, she came here because of me and she's going to leave her because.
No, you're going to leave here because you're going to get fired again for the second time because they didn't learn the first time because people you can't find talent for that radio station.
Can you find it?
No, and the talent either.
Oh, but Liz Wilde, that's going to put him over the top.
That'll do it, baby.
I'm just wild about that.
How about Hank is peeing in his pants having to compete with Liz Wilde?
Oh, yeah.
God.
You couldn't beg for better competition than we got in this market.
And wait till that disco smegma thing where his office I see in these numbers.
It's already taken a big dump the last month.
We'll see how many listeners they can continue buying on that piece of crap with a goddamn bg's on their 20 hours today.
Here's a mobile in temper of pine.
Hello.
New, you're killing me.
I know it.
I'm going to drive off the road.
She's the best man.
Have you had any calls about this?
Have I any calls?
No.
Have you had any calls about the student up there at Punch just principle on the face?
No, I have not, but I read that and his name was Mark Tyrone, something.
Isn't that wonderful?
The assistant principal tells him to go home because he was thinking about suspending him because of a good complication with another person.
And then he punches him in the face.
Right.
He probably started off stealing bicycles and not wearing helmets.
There was something he probably should have hands.
We should have handcuffed his ass right there.
Good points here.
God bless you.
Excellent.
Take any crap from those kids.
Handcuff them.
That's what they ought to have.
All the principles in school should learn from the guy, the West Palm Sheriff's Office, and the Palm Beach County, uh, so whatever it is.
Get those handcuffs out.
Some little kid mouths off.
Some little kid does some punches.
The principle of the push.
Handcuff them.
Handcuff them right to the wall.
In fact, do like Joan Crawford handcuff them in bed at night and lay him on his back.
Strapping down to the bed.
That's right.
You know that she used to do that to the kids?
What?
She was a piker.
Oh, compared to your mother.
Yeah, they got fed.
Yeah, they got fed real good too, by the way.
If they didn't eat, she'd be to crap out of them again.
No more wire hangers.
What's your wire hangers or a plant?
Wire hangers.
No, what hangers did you want?
Oh, wood.
I'm wood.
She was as bold like you know.
You know Crawford.
Still better mom than not.
But she had nice shoulders to lean on.
25 after 1 is 560 WQS.
Jim Manditz talks about sports.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Right here on sports radio 560 QA.
I'm going to touch it.
I heard it.
What was it do if I had normal food?
Good to do.
I brought out and found my CD.
Yeah.
Do you get along when I scream out of songs?
Despite how much I sing off the CD?
I'm a hip-hop within plants in my grasp.
Oh, I get guys within plants in my grasp.
Oh, I don't have the drug within plants in my grasp.
Did you know this shot was anybody?
I only had to pull my panties down.
How did it feel with your body?
You guys not to mess in where I could find now.
Can you succeed by just spreading your life?
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a tourler or a guy.
How old were you between the young 17th and the young 17th?
At least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by with the plants in my grasp.
I get guys within plants in my grasp.
I don't have to try to influence in my grasp.
Have you seen your best face for me?
She lived through me by carrying me.
Don't leave me for the loving.
So in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'm a guest by to present it in plants.
In plants in my grip.
130 at 5.60 WDQM.
I forgot this story yesterday.
This was a major story.
I've got a history of physical classes on the ice.
I went a step further last week.
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
I'm calling a woman and calling a woman to talk about this.
I wanted to tell a woman that I'm Cuban and I'm a non-forces.
I gave up my constitutional rights so she can sleep good at night.
Basically what he said was that's fucking bad.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
What's your name?
What's your name?
Tell me something.
I lived in Russia.
Yeah, right. You believe that Panama Chi Paruski? Why don't you go to communism? Why don't you go to hell
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. How about those things that came out on the Haitian boat? Can they stay? No, I'm sorry
That's right. It's not the right communist country. Go to communist step, but they're not the right communist country
You're so full of crap. You're so tired. Put it on a record you silly old-speak god
Like I said this poor little kid is like a human wishbone. They got him by one leg and fiddles got the other leg
It's just pulling and yanking we're practically split that kid in half and they don't keep a crap
Just like the one guy L.I. Is there guy can even spell his name right under them poster?
Here's Boka hello
Boka
Boka be gone. Okay too bad you lose you lose out
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello, that was great. I never got to hear somebody cuts on the phone exactly
My point is I'm an American. I'm tired of my streets being blocked by people who are
Barnassal sir, you know something forget about American Peruvian Yugoslavia the fact is we live here
We pay taxes here and this is a place that all of us are supposed to have like a certain part of because we pay taxes to be here
And we shouldn't have to have our our life trend to be disruptive every time somebody doesn't get their way every time some group of a thousand or
Two thousand or five thousand assholes don't get their way. I think somebody should you know if the city of Miami won't force the laws down here
Somebody else from the state maybe needs to do it. Oh, yeah like governor Bush who's the fucking up heavy do you gonna wait for him?
The Jeff Muster you hold your breath man and the other point is that is knows of Iliana's recto right now as we speak
Nothing they're up to or put but yes one of the things that a lot of these Cubans think they forget is the only reason cashiers and offices because they're all here
Yeah, yeah, great. They fail. I mean I can't I haven't got the stomach for it
Even what before the stomach flu I don't have the stomach for here and all that same old tired stuff over and over and over again
Okay, it's old it's still it thinks
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. We're gonna hide you man. I love you show you awesome
I am but I got something to say I'm the bomb man. Yeah, I also a cute American. I also join our forces
I also lost my constitution right yes, I'll do the 10 10 special forces do and the Saudi Arabia fight next to the world
I fight for all of these people's freedom first of all I fight especially I seem to die
Everybody here at this down country either or a native came from a left about the Prugland's everybody came
There's no two American. Yeah, so therefore this country has everybody. How about the Indians that come here on a raft?
The G pal I'm sorry go ahead
Tell me I'll write
He's just another tool is a tool and it's disgusting right
The stereotype Cuban fame now you know they're about Berks and I got stupid idiot girl
Send a robot burger this time you're dick as you don't see one Cuban girl in the city of Miami. There you go
Okay, I'll see I'll see if the cock fight and if you look at the political figures about Cuban Americans
Yes, we're will the only immigrant stop the largest small business in the country the only
Not America's out the largest small business in the country. I mean we come in we do our stuff
You know, whatever we do and I mean if they go back, they go back
But they don't you know whatever I'm in the military. I'll force like you said, and you know I'm an American
I love to show you take care man, and I'll just do every day. I work man. I'll stick here me this
Okay, what do you say five six seven oh five?
So he's pretty pissed off and fired up for quite a lot of what it'll not right?
Is that right?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and by the way the
Demonstrations all gone go home everybody went home nobody even waited over flags the decisions been made and now
Well, they'll plan their strategy and we'll see just how much we have to put up with the next week or ten days
Disturbing facts and other one by the way
We did hear this already, but this is the second facts verifying one of the protesters with a megaphone outside the INS building
Shouting we built Miami. We will destroy Miami. Oh brother. Isn't that nice?
In other words, we aren't going to get our way so we'll destroy it. We'll tear it down
Sounds like some other ethnic groups we have in this country where every time they get pissed off they burn down their own neighborhood
That's pretty smart
Brilliant I think
23 before two at five sixty wqa is the ethnic love as the
The kissy fest continues here at qa m
Everybody just purse your lips and kiss back home some big fat ass, okay?
Radio five six
Qa
Jersey gaki sucks, okay?
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule
But during
National brotherhood we have
National brotherhood we
Clean a horn and sheriff park our dancing cheek to cheek is
One new you'll agile
People you just five as long as you don't let them in your school
Oh the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks hate all of your folks
It's American as apple pie but during
National brotherhood
National brotherhood
New Yorkers love the Puerto Rican cause it's very cheap
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try
I want to give you a kiss
All the Protestant hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestant and the Hindus
Hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but
National brotherhood
National brotherhood
National everyone smile at one and other hood we speak
Nice to people who are in fear or to you. It's only four a week. So have no fear
Be grateful
Either run a photo run the facts machine. They definitive answer to the problem comes in from this audience from these creative people
Here's the best facts of the day so far keep alien here and send alienna back
There you go. Let's take a moment. It's unanimous. Everybody said absolutely. Yeah
Nice go answer
Oh god
Why us here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Lady in Miami
Hello. Yes. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I just want to say that alien should go back to his father
And I do want to take my grandparents for leaving the revolution
And I am American and America is great and be on America deep in Las Vegas. That's right, baby
All right and Georgia still I'm here. Bye bye
When you're a fan, she said Georgia's on two legs
5 6 7 0 5 60 on 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Neil I've been listening to you for over five years. I've been very everybody in our office to listen to you sir
Thank you so much and that's what what if you leave South Florida. I'm leaving. Okay
And happy new year to you. Okay start packing. Bye. See you
Oh, how sad this is the another song of Enrique's going over like
Oh, still Hall of A in uh Eskimo land not too big. Well, we love Enrique man
You can hang out in my house anytime. You could come over here and hang it out
love you Enrique
And by the way Enrique so we don't have to get him in the middle of this he's from Espanya. Okay. He speaks kind of like that
He's from Espanya. He's cut. We were talking about that just the other day
movie from Barca Zona
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man
Hi Neil. How are you? Great
Um, I've been listening to you for a long time. I just want to tell you how much I enjoy your show. Thank you
Um, I'm calling in regards to the guy who called in you said we don't know anything about communism
um
It seems to me we did fight a couple of world wars
against communism
And uh, I hate the world wars were against communism. Yeah, or two. Yeah, it was against fascism not against but it well
Well, and that's the reason why the Cubans are allowed to be here in Miami to begin with
Yeah, and um
I'm just started a Cubans using America and these crazy fighters who go over the Cuba
Use America to castrow and now they're using a little kid to do it with
Okay
Have a great day. Okay, bye. Bye-bye. See one thing about American they know their history. Oh
You know what I'm saying they know their history
Don't start now. Yeah, I see you do have this desire to start trying to know nothing correct the things that you say
There were Rolius which is virtually everything from start to finish except how much she loves the show
But other than that she was very nice once you also did you're on me erda
She didn't say that. I know. So what does he want from her
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's Pompano. Hello
Hey, how you doing now good. I love your show. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm Puerto Rican but I was born in Florida 100%
What eagle and um do you keep with work to think like you're still on a fire walking? I want to protest about that
I mean it's like do I even work?
The one who I'm TV like 100 Q with walking out of those yeah, they're just for a hundred professional angitators
That's all they do I don't really think it is and they are I love your show and then keep up the good work. All right pal
There you go one of your Puerto Rican friends 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I'm from my grandparents were from and their parents were from my great grandchildren and my mother-in-law
Etc. So I
Just ain't ever going to change is it huh? No
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Neil, how are you today great
I'm just calling make comment about the situation today
um, I feel that I look at a Cuban dissident population near Miami and I really wonder to myself do they
Realize that the rest of the country
use them as
An out of control population down here in Miami. No, they don't care. They don't care
Now they're so blinded by their emotion in hysteria. They don't care about that and do they realize that it doesn't make
It makes front page news here, you know at the Harold right like every other country in the United States
It's on page 16 of the front. You know, it's not the other country in the United States every every other city
I know you as a dead county here how there you go
But every other city in the United States it doesn't even make it under the news and when they see it on to the CNN
People in in other states. I'm from the mid-weck. They look at it and they view it as look these people are out of control
Yeah, like you said these they look like animals
Same old crap all over again. Yeah, it gets a ponderous
It does it's a ponderous that's all I got Neil and happy New Year. See. I love your show. Thanks pal. Hang in there. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 the overwhelming consensus is
Good old guy writing enough of the bull crap. Okay enough of the sucking
Jesus Christ almighty 14th. Why couldn't they just do it like this weekend? We'll be good get it over with and do a fast and though
Why do they do that?
See they they have to keep that like like Cecil you know, he likes that open window open a little bit
They have to keep that little crack in the window open
No, seriously, so they have a window of opportunity there so they can go to court
They can try to get some judge to say this or say that and we can just drag this on forever
They made their ruling. You know, it's interesting how fast everybody else goes back
Like those 400 Haitians and Chinese and wherever else was on that boat. Well, I didn't take them along to get those people out of here
Bingo but I've been and then the people that were in bad health before women or whoever was they were in chrome detention center
By the way, they're not wandering around waiting to go to Disneyland or world or whatever it is. Why do I keep calling it Disneyland?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah, let's have a history. Yeah, that's all it is there. Yeah
Yeah
That's all I worried about is telling everybody else what to do and we'll do it our way and
You know hysteria is there you're there if it's not there a way it's wrong and then try to do it try to go over there and do things your way
And in that country, you know have a fit but they come over here everybody wants to take over
Hey, and I'm Cuban and you know what all the Cubans have in common. What is that sir? They all put feet down and
Alex and Ellis and took a whole you and
Row Martinez in off did you say Alex think of a can you say Alex think of a can you
Carroyo
Carroyo and see there
Mama me luck and don't forget about Bert Fernandez
See I read it. Oh, you have to be a space walk player. Okay. I'm a little bit of a player say goodbye. That's like four million year
It's four minutes till two at five sixty double UQAM. Oh, this is the best
She got to take something negative and make something positive about it. Have a good time. Are we in psychotic? Oh, screw it
Been through it too many times before
We're good psychotic when we have the next big hurricane blow through here. You know what I'm saying? That's when we're good psychotic
The Brian orcross gets on earth start clapping. It's all clapping is when you know, by the way
There's a new version. They come out with a new edit of learn to fly
Yeah, Brian orcross is on one side and Bill Kamala's on the other side on the other one on each wing
And they're both the flying without only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it
Gover weekday afternoon to two sports radio five sixty Q
Oh
Well
I got to reach it, but it's falling too far probably what she was doing when she played
Your part
Well she banged her hand on the steering wheel
Not the usual way we feel
Sign on your road
greater
Was there she would soon be fed
Gave it some gifts. It's worth to the right
heading for the fast food light. She lost control, the poor is blue and landed next to the fly.
Well poor old Monica Lewiski.
With your car to see what's hungry. But she's in luck, her business debt. Her mouth is not getting your chicken sale.
She's in luck.
153 at 560 WCQAM.
Thank God most of you didn't see it.
Where are we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Speak to me. Okay. I started to hear them like grepsing in the background.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
Hey this is James from Miami. How are you?
Okay James. 25 years old. I went to University of Miami and I just got to say that they're living for the Cubans in the lottery.
There'd be nothing to talk about in this town.
There you go. Good point.
Thank you. Thank you.
560. 560. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And Wayne and John Henry don't forget about that.
Right. And Nicky. And who?
Oh that's right. Oh we almost forgot about Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny. Right. We got that.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Neil yeah. I was just calling about these two soft spoken women who called them last hour.
Some bitches on it. I mean the first ones are just a dumb bitch.
And the other one is the dumb bitch who doesn't know her history.
We fought two wars against communism, two world wars. How do you like that?
I know it's amazing.
WW1 and WWW whatever the one was after one.
Anyways in ending up.
I think the guy got a run when he said it was a stick. It's a stick. It's actually a big as a dick.
Okay. You have a good one. That's what you think.
566705. I've been around 56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh man. You think you've seen something.
I could write a book. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Very well.
Good. Hey you know who the smartest Cuban is. And who's that?
Adele Castro. Yeah. Because even if you like everybody.
He plays them all like a fiddle. That's right.
Hey man. You know what the other thing is? You know what a Cuban is?
56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pember Pine. Hello.
Yo yo. What up when they can need. All right.
Yeah man. Peter Weryl's going to be woping up on the grid.
Yeah. He's going to be whooping it. And Pavell's going to be scoring ahead.
56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I have only one question.
Why?
Yeah. That's the only question I got.
Yeah. Well by the way you didn't do that. You forgot.
Sorry for it. God damn it. Or it does.
Well that's good. That's a good start.
That's close.
Of course it wouldn't work in here anyway.
That's a good thinking. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Yeah. Neil. What if you take the name alien?
Take out the e put it in an a. What do you get?
The illegal alien. That's right. So send us back.
Okay.
Now there's another guy feeding me back my own material.
Well did I say that to the very first day that we heard about this story
when a kid came up here. Did I say that?
The illegal alien. But that's okay. This guy means well.
And like you said, I read that there's you will pack a bunch of sandwiches
that else got a whole big banquet waiting for you when he get back.
You and that and look how well daddy's going to make out with this now.
When he get back assuming he comes here to pick him up or not as the case may be.
They're going to be bigger than the goddamn Lucy and Desi and all and put together.
Even Fred Nethel wouldn't believe it.
I've seen that they're going to have over there.
They're going to be showering them with this stuff.
That's right. But gold and gold and showers.
Here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah. I wanted to comment on the color of the few.
A couple of colors.
The Puerto Rican guy. I found that I wanted to clean these and he was worried about there
the employment rate of the Cuban foreign land.
Puerto Rican have had the highest employment rate of any my adult minority.
That's only the only of rocks.
Yeah. I said it's only in the Bronx.
Yeah. That's a craft of boy.
You know, I just make a joke and he starts shaking and saying, no, it's not Jesus.
You guys just to get a take it easy.
Ricky Martin. He's working.
He's working on the color.
I'll tell you what he's working on a color of his hair.
Make no mistake about it.
He can't think fish.
Yeah, but it's here is nice.
He's got that Swedish blonde dude.
That's Swedish blonde guy.
Huh?
And he's got that blonde.
Turn back.
Here's a mobile in deer field beach.
Recently, the only Christian activists
that's still coming to Cuba in North Korea that have about China.
Where they got a pay that's a lot other than.
めて.
Can't.
Well, you know they got a comment. It's not.
No, no sir.
Sure. Why don't you answer my question?
What was the government that they had a...
Did they have freedom before Castro?
Did they have a democracy?
Yeah?
Oh yeah.
He must have been in the same history lesson with that bitch.
Fashes, I'm a sir. Fashes, I'm...
Yeah, that's right.
Was in the same history lesson with that crazy bitch.
Oh, we fought two more wars against communism.
Huh.
What the Tommy's are allies?
I'm gonna go like that.
And by the way, Stalin only killed 30 million people
so ready to complain in the butt.
His own people know that.
For Christ's sake, yeah.
And by the way, how is Paul's pot?
Yeah, man.
They're smoking over there in Cambodia.
Hey, we didn't bomb Cambodia.
Henry Kissinger lied.
Well, or was it the other way around?
They had a gun.
So anyway, that's...
Well, time for one more.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, it really faths my asses.
What is that, sir?
Uh, all the especially the Cubans who keep saying that the situation over there is so bad
and we need to let them stay here because the situation over there is so bad.
The situation is bad all around the world.
You know, the only difference for them is they can get you by intertube or help to buy
a floor.
That's why I said yesterday my solution to the problem is to move that island about
two, three hundred miles...
