560 QAA.
Sports radio 560.
WQAM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk the Neil called 560-560 cold-free for need and browered.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or...
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast room.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM.
WALTED OSTER!
Oh, they're all becoming known for having an open-saint-saint-saint.
A great day for the Heyrija La Cresti USA.
What's the goal? What is this right here?
This crying valley hall.
There's a bunch of queers again this year who say that I wish to.
Oh God, I love the Heyrija.
And let's depart your day.
If you are your want-de-margin' upon synchatic day,
you can be your bum, a bucket of stum, short, and that's okay,
but you can't be a e-witch-y-dee.
Now you ought to have hyper-anian, those emanants as grey.
I've delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day.
Short a little bit of heaven fall, unnestled in the sea.
Not you're gone straight to hell for home of sexuality.
Oh God, I love the Heyrija.
Who's the Portuguese?
That's what they pronounce until the next day in the day.
You can be your conum up, yes, and God loves you anyway.
But you can't be a e-witch-y-dee.
Oh L-E-S-B-I-A-N-N-F-F-L-L-S-V-N.
Choose another whim and part a maid with.
Never let a man can ever get a date with.
L-E-S-B-I-A-N-F-V-S-V-A-N.
It's the shame that the game wants to call out in March
without Lelby and no way to choose that carton of honor.
Be sure to send just face.
It's miles like the Kennedy's, and they just can't regret.
We won't allow Loki to pan the wedding of the green.
And when we say up the Irish boy, is that what we mean?
Oh God, and Loki, Irish, the flung is minimum.
It's a personal number card.
We've never been sure of that.
Yes, he's in Drunken Harlan, Tunk will have it all away.
But you can't be a e-witch-y-dee.
No.
Oh, you can't be a e-witch-y-dee.
No.
Don't even try a b-witch-y-dee.
Hello to at 5'60 W.Q.A. Boy, we got some good news today.
Oh, yeah.
First good news is we got Marlon's baseball at 12'50, the Sanctuary.
Yeah, preseason baseball, man, you could put the audience
for that in a fimbled and have room for the Chinese army
left over.
You could stick it in your rectum and have a lot of room
left over.
Marlon's and the Kansas City were all as big e exhibition
baseball 12'50 this afternoon.
Are we complaining about it?
No.
I'm ecstatic about it.
And is if that isn't good enough, guess what tomorrow is?
Besides being Tuesday, March 7th.
At the end of the quarter.
It's the end of the quarter.
It's brilliant.
All right.
Yeah.
You know what I think we're going to need to bring in here
tomorrow, George?
Couple of shovels.
Because if you're going to bury somebody,
you need to bring in a shovel.
Huh?
Isn't that the way it usually works?
Yeah, let's bring in our shovels tomorrow, baby.
It's the end of the.
You know that thing we can't talk about?
That thing.
Well, starting tomorrow we'll be able to talk about it.
Anyway, our poll questions on Friday.
Do you enjoy the new around you share with calls without calls
or you don't give a crap?
With calls 300 we had 633 votes, by the way, pretty heavy duty.
With calls 340 that's 53.7% without calls 190 that's 30% and
people who said basically they don't care.
113 16.2% 633.
So I guess we'll keep taking calls if the phone ever works and
speaking of the phone ever works.
Oh, if I got a great story for you.
Let me just give you let me start out before I think about
getting it with that.
With a term for you to keep in mind.
Pathological liars.
Okay, next time somebody mentions,
Beasley broadcasting or want to be easily,
anything connected with it.
Just make sure that expression comes to mind.
Pathological liars.
Otherwise people who lie so much.
It's like a way of life.
They tell so many stories.
They don't even know the difference between fantasy and reality anymore.
It becomes a part of their whole existence is lying.
It's a way of doing business.
It's a way of being alive pathological liars.
Uh huh.
These people.
By the way, our poll question today.
In tying right in.
I want to be timely with these poll questions every day.
Do you listen to Marlon's baseball on QAM?
Yes or no?
Very simple.
Yes or no?
Maybe we'll be surprised.
Maybe we'll find out that most of our people out there listen to Marlon baseball.
What do you think?
No.
That's going to be our poll question that our idea Rogers dot com today.
Do you listen to Marlon's baseball?
What do you say?
No.
No, seriously, I bet you there are a lot of people out there.
You'll be shocked.
Who love Marlon's baseball?
And speaking of that, by the way, you know, Dave Hyde.
He's an asshole at the Sun Sentinel.
I thought that the people might be the only one on this deal.
I thought he'd be the only one foolish enough to jump in on the bandwagon.
But it only took one day.
Saturday, John Henry comes up with that brilliant announcement,
but that formal announcement about his big attacks on Mickey Erison.
I must be crazy.
I must be.
And who ships and here Sunday one day.
That's all it took.
He's got Dave Hyde one over on his side, which I have Dave Hyde obnoxious,
anxious column from yesterday.
Sun Sentinel.
Henry transfers the role of the villain, which I'll get into that in a little while.
Dave Hyde, you know, Dave Hyde.
He's an asshole.
What a jerk.
See, these sports nerds, I know that some of them, including Dave Hyde,
must have been waiting, searching for an excuse that would make it acceptable for them to jump on the bandwagon.
Oh, yeah, one of the USA, and this is really delicious to quote his term,
because now we're going to screw Mickey Erison that we hate even worse than John Henry
and get the money out of him since he doesn't pay any taxes.
The only problem with that Dave Hyde is if we're going to squeeze money out of him,
which is fine with me, how about using it for something sensible, something worthwhile.
Besides another half empty, two thirds empty, 80% the sports venue.
Since we can't even come close to filling up the ones we already got,
ah, what a concept.
I mean, it's really interesting.
He says it's revealing that Erison would dump the perfectly salvageable Miami Arena on taxpayers
and got $60 million in state money for the new arena would be fighting this.
And by the way, the taxpayers of Miami still owe $40 million on that old arena he's talking about,
the old Miami Arena.
Maybe we could use some of that tax money we would squeeze to pay that thing off,
and also maybe divide some textbooks for some kids in Dave County who go home without textbooks every day.
How do you think about that Dave Hyde, you jackass?
So maybe beef only Dave Hyde are the same person ever seen together?
No, think about it.
Here's a call from Y Mama. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I got bad news for you.
Yeah.
Your favorite woman, Canadian Dodd.
Did you hear about it?
Sandra Schmurler, the great Canadian.
That's last Thursday's news, sir.
It is, well, it was in the Y Mama picking you yesterday.
By the old slow.
36 years old, she's dead from cancer.
And for the bad, it's...
For Sean Schmurler, the great Canadian Curler.
Oh, I didn't know.
Well, it was just in the paper here yesterday.
You won't be sliding over here.
He's the stones down the old, the paint-out sheet ice anymore.
I can hear you. I'm outside.
I got up there on one leg with my radio pointed toward Miami.
There you go. That's the way to do it, pal.
The only way I keep that leg way up in the air.
It's up there.
Okay.
I'm letting loose.
Thanks for the bad news.
See ya.
Okay, I'm glad you reminded me of that.
We forgot to mention that last Friday.
Sandra Schmurler, the champion women's Canadian Curler, dead at 36 of cancer.
God, there's a lot of people dying, you know what?
A lot of that going around.
I have a great editorial, by the way.
From the St. Catherine's standard newspaper about the barbaric Americans,
America's infatuations with the handgun.
It's great, which I'll read eventually.
Of course, we got that ball game coming up.
Well, 50 of the Marlins in the Kansas City Royals.
Any interest?
Come on.
Get on that neorodges.com.
Let's see exactly how much interest there is in these Marlins radio broadcasts.
I mean, maybe, maybe it'll turn out that I'm the one who's crazy.
Okay.
Maybe everybody in their brothers doesn't most God damn game.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
Maybe Hank and I ought to be kissing the ground that we have those exhibition games, especially,
to boost those numbers up for us.
Could be.
Oh, wait till I get to this Greg Reed story.
Greg Reed and Norma Kent.
When I get to this, you better strap yourselves in tight this morning boys and girls.
Get the men in the with the rubber coats.
The men with the white coats, the butterfly nets.
Because we got a guy in this running this place who's crazier than a bed bug.
I mean, this man is certifiable.
He must be doing some wild wild drug.
That's all I can say magic mushrooms herb, whatever he's doing.
We all want a little, a little piece of the action.
Because this man is certifiable.
There's no mistake about it.
Oh, nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQAM.
No portion of this broad death may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
deeply read acquisition court.
Oh, Frosty Nads.
Tonight on HBO, the true story of Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee.
Marriage, sex, children, jail.
See the story everyone is talking about.
And Tommy with an all star cast Mary Kate and Ashley Olson given outstanding performance as Pamela's
boobs and Iggy pop shines as Tommy and Tommy the story behind the story tonight on HBO.
You call that a 1013 at 560 WQAM happy Monday to you.
Here's a great to facts from Bill and four Myers woman's pistol plot goes awry.
Volga talk Columbia.
Surgeon's operated on a woman.
This is one of the all time best.
Thanks a lot, Bill.
Surgeon's operated on a woman who smuggled an automatic pistol into a high security prison by concealing it in her back home, but was unable to remove the gun from a tidings place.
Even Tessio never thought of anything that clever.
Don't remember you had that gunny talk lines of Theresa Ruiz slipped the 6.7 at the 7.65 millimeter pistol past security checks.
And Bogota's was that Theresa Ruiz?
What's your name?
The one that used to be on W.
The used to say well, come to me.
And anyway, she has slipped the 7.65 millimeter pistol past security checks and Bogota's lot to quote the prison on a visit last week.
To a suspect that leftist rebel prisoner local newspapers important Saturday.
But once inside the prison, she realized the gun was stuck.
Correct him. That's right.
Oh, that's conchita conchita Ruiz.
Remember conchita Ruiz?
No. Okay.
Plainly she was pregnant Ruiz 43, complaint of acute stomach pains was taken to a hospital.
She stayed there for three days. The gun firmly lodged inside her.
Surgeons finally removed the pistol when they have to risk and press the milk consiper discovered on Saturday.
She was recovered in the hospital under police guard.
She was charged with illegal weapons possession in her.
Correct.
Prison guards have often used body cavities that smuggle drugs and liquor inmates since the court rolling last year bent into mid body searches.
They can't stick through nose in there for anything else.
Well, so there you go.
Not a good place to hide your gun and your active on your kids out there.
A little less than in life.
Here's a call in Jupiter. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir. When was the end?
Thank you.
I'm a serious note. I just want to extend a formal and sincere congratulations to you on your anniversary.
Anybody else probably got a loan or brains out by now?
Uh-huh. Oh, wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait till you hear this story that I'm going to tell you in a minute.
The Greg Reed story about his genius, his magnanimous offer to me. But anyway, we'll get into it.
You won't believe it.
I hope I hope it's a good deal.
I'm sending radio when you're gone.
Especially guys just want to say for the years of entertainment.
Okay.
With that in mind, you've seen the real commissioner common sense.
I got a little heated discussion during the dinner with our neighbors.
Uh, you know, in whatever you say, it's got to be full.
They were feeding my dog crackers.
And I've worked you get out of your model about feeding dog crackers.
And I'm seriously asked you, what is the risk or what is the danger in feeding canine crackers?
Well, it's not good for them.
It's not going to kill them, but it's a make them sick or an hell.
Bad.
Yeah, that's because I, you know, that, that was my only argument that I had heard it from you.
You know, you know, you know, you feel good.
Tom got the crap and getting new phones here.
Getting new phone. Bad start with that phone.
I sure hope our phone is working today because, uh,
you want to start with a real loud.
Not like that. I'm really sure on four, not positive.
Anyway, well, let me take the other call.
There's a mobile and four lottery. Hello.
Hello. Yeah, sir.
Yes, I'm calling from for now.
Yeah, I'm a big family. You're listening to from the from pre-point in the Bahamas.
Yeah.
I'm just calling about a bunch of bull.
No, I don't listen to the modern game.
Well, we're not doing a full on the eraser. Don't you have a computer?
Yes, I do have a computer. You have to get on the internet.
You have to go to Neil Rogers dot com and click it on there. Make sure you do it.
Oh, that's not the problem. I can do it.
You're your click. No.
So you will not be listening to the Marlins?
Oh, no, I don't listen to it. Unfortunately.
Why not?
Uh,
I'm okay.
I know it's trying to send me crack on the streets of Amsterdam. I said, I'm not interested.
Why not?
Well, uh, it's just, it's just not really interesting.
It's not, it's not, it's not a big thing.
I rather watch the dolphins game if anything.
But it's not.
I watch Dan Orino. I'll play at the age of 65 and Minneapolis, right?
Hey, hey, Dan Orino.
Not a problem. If you want to play, don't keep on playing.
If he wants to play with it, let him play with it.
Hey, why not?
Okay.
That's it. That's it to do.
God bless you, sir.
So anyway, there's this meeting on Friday between my attorney, Norma Kent and Greg Reed, our general manager,
of course at WQM whose middle name is
Yeah.
Pathological BS artist.
And when I got my call in Toronto with my hotel over the weekend from Norma,
Kent, it's a good thing I was strapped in tight to the chair I was sitting in.
I was strapped in real, real tight.
I have never in my life.
I mean, these people are in just terminal denial.
See, this is the reason I talk about it every day.
Not because it's fun, but because at least it's out there on the record.
You know, the way of blowing off steam number one and keeping my sanity number two and number three,
putting it right out in a record.
We've got 80 billion year witnesses out there all over the world.
They know it's true.
Two and a half years almost we've been on here in this place and they still won't go away refused.
They adamantly refused to provide us with a goddamn telephone.
It works.
This would be like if your maid comes to your house every week and you have a broken vacuum cleaner.
You don't want to say.
And every time she leaves you pick up the phone and call her and say,
what's the matter with you?
You crazy bitch.
How come my carpets are still dirty?
What kind of a slob are you?
And a vacuum cleaner not only doesn't work, but even the court is like sliced off.
You can't even plug the goddamn thing in the wall.
That's what a joke it is.
And that's the same thing here.
Can you plug it in the wall?
No, that's what a joke it is.
You hear this crap day Friday.
We went through another spastic episode on the phone again.
So anyway, here's the great proposal.
I want you to listen to this.
This is really something.
This is the kind of denial that Greg Reed and the want of Beasley's are in about the status of this show in this radio station.
Now theoretically, I have about two and a half years left on the current contract,
which they can wipe their rectum as far as I'm concerned with.
So Greg Reed says because you've been reading in your newspapers these rumblings about well,
Neil May do a show part time from Toronto, from Amsterdam, from Uranus, from the moon, from, from out of town.
So here's the great thing they're going to do for me.
Well, what they're going to do for me is nothing, nothing.
But if I'll do something for them, then maybe they'll do something for me.
If I'll agree to a one year extension on my contract because they love me says Greg Reed.
They want me here forever.
See, we have a love hate relationship. They love me. I hate them.
That's the true definition. No, seriously.
This is the truest definition of a love hate relationship you'll ever find.
They love me. And I really, well, I do know why because I'm bringing in a lot of money.
And I got the ratings, you know, that keep enabled.
I'm the enabler.
I enable him to play sports guru to walk around.
Oh, I got the dolphin.
I got the violence and the pantas.
I'm a sports big shot.
Look at me.
And my wife's got a lot of money.
I'm the enabler.
So they love me and I hate them like poison because they're compulsive pathological liars.
I haven't asked them for a lot.
You know, you want me to talk show me a phone system that works and leave me alone.
And maybe some promotion too, but I mean, that's not going to happen.
Is that going to happen, John Gerriss, by the way, haven't seen him in a long time since the day that they came up here and put the pancake make up on everybody.
How many weeks ago was that this big TV campaign?
It's coming.
It's coming. It's coming.
Yeah, even Peter North never used to line up much is this it's coming.
It's always right around a corner.
The check is in the mail.
That's the name of the game here at QA.
The check is in the mail.
The phone system is in the mail.
This is in the mail.
So anyway, here is the proposal.
Just like in the Godfather, the word on the street is the offer so good we won't be able to say it's an offer we can't refuse.
If I'll sign a one year extension of my contract.
Are you ready for this?
Then they'll set up a studio for me in Toronto where I can broadcast three months out of the year.
And of course, they'll duplicate all the equipment that we have in here.
But the studio, of course, will have to be either in a house that I'm going to buy or an apartment or a condo that I'm going to write or buy or something like that.
Are they going to buy it?
No.
No.
Okay.
Now they get even better than that.
If I'll sign a two year extension of my contract.
Three months of the year in Toronto and three months in Amsterdam.
So now I got to buy a house or an apartment in Amsterdam by or went by a apartment or house in Toronto.
And of course, since I'll be here six to nine months, depending on which year we're talking about down here, I'll also have to continue keeping my house down here.
Now I got three houses.
Toronto, Amsterdam, Miami.
This is the kind of delusionary fool that I work for.
Who says, by the way, now the new phone system will shift out on Friday, meaning three days ago.
And the people in the audience are wondering, is this the same phone system that they told you we shipped out two weeks ago Friday?
Yeah.
Is this the same system that our program director again repeated me this morning is coming in piecemeal and some of the software is here and some of it isn't and some is in peoria and the yard.
Is that the same one?
Yeah.
Is this the one that was supposed to be promised in blood on February the 14 was supposed to be here and guaranteed on March 1st?
See, this is another thing.
The only time we've ever been able to get these people off the dime is threaten to sue them.
Now, that's a wonderful relationship that would the people you work for threaten to sue them threaten to take them to court and then maybe they'll at least pretend they're going to do something.
A phone system that works.
That's all a phone system that works if it's a bell south problem say goodbye to bell south.
Soon for a hundred million dollars do something but saw the problem someday.
But everything here at least they're consistent.
Nothing ever gets done.
It's like the construction project out here in the third floor.
Is it done?
Are they working on it right now?
No.
When's the last time we saw any workers other than the glue that was coming through the fence that they were getting physically ill and nauseous in here when they were putting the wallpaper on it.
Have we seen any stuff going on here in weeks now?
Have you?
No.
No. Well, that's work.
The glue, the wallpaper guys.
We haven't seen them doing anything.
You think that there should be like several crews at the same time?
No.
I think there should be like one guy you know when beaten up old drunk with a bucket.
That's what they got.
No, I think what they said is something that rhymes with bucket.
We can't afford it so bucket.
Tomorrow is the end of the quiet period.
Let me say it again.
I can't wait.
In fact, you know something I wish I could close my eyes about little bit like for and turn the clock ahead to the moral.
Even though we don't have a ball game tomorrow, we have a full four hour show.
Can't wait.
And of course some of the people in the building are already probably grinding their teeth.
Oh gee, he's going to even across this a lot of money.
He's going to screw things.
You know something if you're that stupid, you deserve what you get.
If you're that dumb, you deserve to lose your ass.
That's my comment on that.
Did George buy any of that stuff we can't talk about?
No.
Did I?
No.
Did Robert?
No.
And who is the other one?
And the Mark Eisenberg.
Did he buy any of that?
No.
That we can't talk about till tomorrow.
Because it's the last day of the quiet period today.
So are you ready for this?
And his comment to my lawyer is the phone system was shipped Friday.
You've to done deal.
This is good as done.
This is the same phone system that was supposed to be here on February 14th and on the first
of March and now it's the sixth of March.
And it just drags on and on.
And here we are two and a half years later.
And I'm going to sign a new contract with these people.
No.
I'm going to send my condom.
No.
You know what this is like?
I told you were just morning.
This would be like if you had a 10 year prison sentence.
And you're in prison doing hard times, so to speak.
And the word comes to you.
A week before your prison sentence is set to expire.
And says, I realize it's supposed to get out of this right and festive toilet in a week.
But because of the fact that you've been such a good guy and we've taken such a shine to you.
And some of the inmates like you so much.
We decided to give you an opportunity.
If you'll sign this piece of paper, you can stay in here another five years.
Well, let me respond right here on the air to Greg Reed's magnanimous offer.
The answer clearly is no.
There are two chances much less than none.
And whatever is under much, I guess it's much, much less than none.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, those are the two chances.
For any amount of money, for any number of opportunities to broadcast from the moon, from Las Vegas, from Toronto, Amsterdam, Rome, the real Rome Hilton, from anywhere in the universe, at any amount of money, the answer is very clearly no.
See, if I were him, I'd be worried about that last two and a half years that we still have an current contract, which the chances are decreasing every moment that goes by that we don't have a phone system that works decreasing dramatically of us ever reaching that point.
And yet this man continues walking around scratching that big hole in his head, making that sound.
26 after 10 to 5 60 WQM.
Oh my God, you're so beautiful.
So where you move around when I go through, I cause a mamba move since the first two.
I'm the toilet seat, I swing and swing, two of our homies, the radio play, snowing out on the road, and I'm all full, so just one thing I got to do, a little bit of faith, but I'm so lie-dee.
So I can make my high knee nice and easy.
I don't have to push, I'm in control when I move inside the side of the toilet pole.
I never have to spray it, it comes out whole, it looks a little like that to zero.
I just wait through the left, it's way to the right, from here she can tell you why.
Not only are you burning calories, but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why the track guy, who had you the exercise, who can have enough fun when they do with the football movement number two.
Hey, look at me, Alex, I'm doing the mamba.
Come on, come on, do it.
There was no way I'm here.
Get off and talk to him.
Get off, get off, get off.
Okay, I'll get off.
I guess when you've been faking your way through life as long as some of the people around here have,
but just you think you can do it forever.
Is what a boy's not, isn't that right Greg?
Come on Greg, you can do it.
So speaking of what we just played there, anybody see Katie Curry?
Correct, don't TV this morning.
I forgot all about it.
Today's show host, Katie Curry took her camera crew alongside us.
She underwent a recent cold ofoscopy, a screening tester cancer, and of course just having had one a few weeks ago myself.
I just can't even begin to imagine.
I missed the vote.
I could have beaten to the puns so to speak.
We can have like a little TV camera because they already have a TV camera that they stick in your back.
Don't wait up in there.
And they look around. They take a little peek.
It's kind of like, what was that movie with Pat Boone?
Not journey to the center of the earth. Is that what it was?
Yeah, yeah, something like that with James Deren, whatever the hell one it was.
And that he got inside the human body and they were like floating around.
Oh, that was the incredible journey or voice.
Yeah, something like that incredible journey in your back.
I think that's what it was called.
So here, America had a chance to take a look way up.
Katie Curry's ass is what it all boiled down to.
The procedure is being shown today and the Tuesday on the NBC Morning Show as part of a week long series on Colin Cancer.
Correct, 43 was given a mild sedative for the test.
Discusses what's happening throughout.
We're showing you to demonstrate there's no reason people should be scared.
Executive producer Jeff Zucker told the Philadelphia Inquirer for Sunday's edition.
We tried to do it to amend this sensitivity.
He said we don't show a lot of her Colin.
We're not going to gross anybody out.
I mean, isn't this what America's always waited for?
Is to have somebody stick a camera out way inside Katie Curry.
Correct. Oh, yeah.
Can you just imagine a possibility?
And what if they should have found something in there?
Oh, look at that. There's a big grotesque.
It looks really malignant to me.
A big thing in there.
A big disgusting thing.
But of course, this is already now.
Is this being done alive or is this no, of course not now?
See, that would have been the real thing because this is in the past.
It's on tape.
Because if it was live, America could discover she got this enormous tumor up inside her Colin.
And she's like knocked out because you don't know anything.
And then when she wakes up, I mean, hey, guess what Katie?
Everybody's talking. You got something in there.
You got that goddamn gun in there like that bitch in Bogota.
Yeah.
Maybe we have somebody in the audience who saw that.
You think we have anybody who watches the today show in the song?
No.
We'll find out.
See, back in the days when Joe D'Ageola was hosting the day show,
wouldn't you like to see somebody stick a gun or something like that?
Correct.
Like a foot.
And then when Brian Gumbel was on today, I bet you Katie Curry would have stuck her leg way up in.
Correct him.
For free.
And her fist all the way up to our armpit.
Correct him.
Right in there.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I know you're hockey fan.
I'm not much of one, but I heard you talking about Warow.
I think you said he was a skillless gun.
But he like scored a game time goal recently.
I was wondering if you saw it.
What be doing?
What's it a lucky goal?
How many goals has he got this year, sir?
I'm not trying to argue with you.
How many of you got?
I think how many of you got?
Was it a lucky goal?
Did it go well?
How many of you got?
How many of you got?
Uh huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And isn't it interesting?
He sounded like a person of color this guy.
Didn't he?
Yeah.
So now even that's a racial issue.
Score the goal on Saturday, the one that they got.
He still can't play for crap.
Okay.
He still won't belong in that team.
He still brings nothing to the table.
If he got it, sir, do you understand?
No.
No.
This guy wouldn't know a guy named hockey puck
from a watermelon seed.
That's how sharp he is.
Another expert.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
877-785-6345 on our world famous out of townline.
I feel the audience is probably still either convulsing on the floor
after my Greg Reed-Normer Kent story, that meeting.
I mean, that's just, it's mind boggling to me.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Oh, yeah.
If you'll sign an extension, you'll extend this.
Okay.
My foot up your rectum.
Sounds like a good extension to me.
I noticed, by the way, the line 4 doesn't seem to be working right now.
Maybe I'm wrong about that.
Do you understand?
I could be wrong, but it sounds just got that little,
I'll say, I don't want to rush the judgment here.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I've been listening to you most of your 24 years
and appreciate your program quite a bit.
I'm one of a few hockey fans that are down here.
I've been on the season ticket holder with the Rangers for about seven years.
And I guess late 60s and early 70s, you know, the Rods you'll bear.
We don't want to hear about that about the past, yes?
Okay.
I wanted to give you a spirit for it.
I noticed a place that was opening called Rochester Hotts in Propheno,
and Nick Neb, having you just off of Federal Highway.
And you may be able to get some of these vehicles.
We've been able to get them down here in Wayne Arles for the last 10, 15 years.
He's had them for years.
Yeah, no.
But there's another one.
He's a, I talked to the guy at a phone number outside.
He's waiting for a couple more inspectors to be there.
Okay, well listen, Tom, you'd like some freebies when you're forgetting to free plug on here, okay?
Rods you'll bear.
See, this is the same old crap again.
And this is the poll that we had here on Friday about you.
One here, the calls we've had two calls here in the last couple of seconds.
Did he do one of them have anything to say?
No.
Two great hockey experts, two by the way.
One that wants to know was it a lucky goal and his Peter Rurella is black and everybody says he is.
And then this guy who's like wants to tell me about White Hot.
It's astonishing.
See, what it really boils down to is the audience wants to hear me rip the callers and ask.
That's why half of our audience listen to the show, which is fine.
I mean, you listen for whatever reason you listen.
We're glad that you listen.
If you listen, if you like to farting sounds, whatever reason, whatever turns you on.
If we can help you kill four hours of the in this town, especially, then more power to all of us.
That's all I can say.
But that's really what it boils down to.
So why should I disappoint them?
22 before and oh, guess who the first person was I saw when I pulled him to park and locked this morning.
And I sat in the car until he disappeared.
Peter Leonard.
Yeah, exactly.
My eyes were rolling in my head too when I saw him.
I thought to myself, I don't want to hear it anymore.
K Peter, just go away.
Just go away.
Leave.
Don't leave.
Well, whatever.
Go to wf.com for all your cyber needs.
They have the internet on computers now.
Sports radio 560 Q.A.
Ham.
This station stands for nothing.
Hello, Mr. Rakeh.
How you doing, kid boy?
Excuse me?
First up, we will do the Rochak test.
What?
They love when you roll your tongue like that, all your boyfriends.
Oh, she did it.
Go ahead, go ahead.
The Rochak test is in Blas as they say in English.
And I will show you these in Blas.
And you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Some looking.
Okay.
What do you think this is?
A formal.
And this?
Let's go.
Okay, and this one?
Infected Haitian.
All right.
How about this?
Body Valentine riding the baloney pony.
Interesting.
Well, let's move along, shall we?
Let's try some word association.
I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head.
Yeah.
No, Mr. Rakeh.
Go ahead and start it yet.
Here we go.
Dog.
Gainous.
Cat.
Microwave.
The color blue.
Where?
You know, John, why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond?
Sure.
Mr. Rakeh, I only wish to be your friend.
Why you got me on this couch, Doc?
You'll know.
What?
You find boy.
John, I'm a married man.
Sure, yeah.
What's your wife's name, Chuck?
No, actually it's Gladys.
Yeah, you're Gladys today and out that you're a bankboy.
I'm out of here.
Why are you running?
Stop running, John.
John, are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
Yeah, bring it back, John.
Okay, 1043 and 560 WQ I am.
He still looks pretty good to me.
I don't care what they say.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
How's it going for you?
Okay.
Last week I was listening to your show around Thursday and Friday and he had this double standard
thing going on.
And...
Double standard thing?
Yeah, you were talking about double standards.
What do you mean by black and white?
Yeah.
About how black people can do no wrongs, yeah?
Yeah.
And a little bit in the job place and how it goes on with that whole affirmative action thing.
Well, I got something like that I experienced.
I was working at this organization and we'll just stand at the top of the food chain.
She was a butcher.
You know what I mean by that?
And it seemed in every significant position there were all butchers.
And it seemed like you had to be a lesbian to get anywhere and that's like...
And I just wanted to let you know that I was a victim.
Victim of what?
Because you were a lesbian?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
There's a guy who's not a lesbian.
Let's hear it.
I guess it'll never be on Howard's show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, out of town line, 8, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
Anybody see Katie Couric's?
I mean, this is what they show us all about.
That's why they like to call her so much because it's two shows for the price of one.
I sit in here and I talk about all of these things and then they respond.
No.
I'm talking about, no.
They got their own agenda.
Just like when George was talking about his citrus canker there on Friday when I was driving in the airport.
My canker store started erupting on my lip again just hearing about that.
All we does tell me that much later on in the show is kind of like a delayed reaction.
We think we're on a 7 second delay.
We're on about a 2.5 hour delay.
Sometimes it's about a 2 or 3 week delay.
Like now, happy anniversary, Neil.
But that was 5 days ago.
Yeah, but we're a little slow out here.
Happy anniversary.
So it is you have an excellent point.
It's like 15 different shows because they have their own agenda.
Here's a mobile and Davey.
Hello.
Hey, no, I saw Katie's wreck in the morning.
And it looked good.
It looked good, huh?
Yeah.
I think you're like a wrecked a machine.
Yeah.
I think the point of what she's doing.
I think her husband died a colon cancer.
Yeah.
I understand that.
But I mean, suppose her husband would have had a heart attack.
Is that when we have to go?
No, seriously, an insider heart.
We have to have an angioplasty and see the inside of Katie's heart just to make sure she doesn't croak the same way.
What does that mean?
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you this.
Suppose her husband would have died, God forbid, of testicular cancer.
Will we be searching for a Katie's penis?
Perhaps.
Could be.
I guess I'm covered time magazine, too.
It's called Katie's Big Crusade.
Oh, boy.
Is she out?
Or is she on the soapbox to fight colon cancer?
Yeah.
Tomorrow, the whole audience will get it.
Listen, I'm all for people going to getting screening.
I did it myself.
It's a piece of cake, so to speak.
It's not a hard thing.
You don't feel a damn thing.
It's fine.
But I don't you think we can convey the message without America looking inside her.
Rectome.
Don't you think?
That'll be tomorrow.
I guess we're trying to get big numbers for tomorrow's show.
Wait, it was that.
Brittany Spears starts her new cervical cancer or a screening test.
Yeah.
The only thing I could tell you about before was they did it very tastefully and it was pretty interesting.
I'm 45 years old.
And I never thought about having anybody stick anything on my ass.
Yeah, so it was a tasteful.
Rectome.
That's good.
Yeah, it was good looking.
Okay.
All right.
And I'm not going to play taste like a penny.
That would that be bad or what?
That would be bad.
Well, maybe I will.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 50, 0, 8, T and T wireless line out of town line, 8, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
I'm going to read this article from the St. Catherine standard because it's your beach.
These calls were getting so far today.
I've reached we don't have that many to begin with.
I mean, you know, stop, stop and think back.
To that day that we were at Seminole Indian Weekend Saturday.
Think back to that day.
Take a look at the phone.
Take a look at that last rating book and you understand why I sat on Friday and why I'm thinking over the weekend, especially in light of these ridiculous comments, this magnanimous offer that the band is making in my attorney.
And sometimes I feel like life is passing me by here at Q.A.M. Do you know what I'm saying?
I'm like, we're vanishing from the woodwork.
I'm a young man on a plane here on Friday going up to Toronto, who's a big least fan, big hockey fan.
Good guy.
19 years old.
Look about 22 or 3 to me.
But nevertheless goes to school down here.
Doesn't listen to AM radio.
He ever heard of me?
No.
Never heard of this show.
No.
No.
We were just vanishing into the woodwork on this radio station.
Just vanishing from the face of the earth.
America is in fact, you're with a handgun.
An editorial first published in the St. Catherine standard and then we printed on Saturday in the Toronto star.
It says what is it going to take for America to get the message?
How many more innocent people have to die or be injured by indiscriminate gunfire?
The shooting of six year old Kayla Roland by her six year old classmate in the suburb of Flint, Michigan is the most wrenching of all the deaths by firearms this year.
For a statement is sure to become the focus of attention by those who call for the restriction of handguns in the US.
What is it possible to stop the spread up or reduce the millions of pistols in that country?
Why could the child fire the gun?
US president Bill Clinton asks if we have the technology today to put on these child safety lights? Why do we do it?
His attitude which reflects the American belief that better technology can solve all their problems won't it wouldn't apply to a stolen bed in a poor neighborhood?
Gun thieves don't care about childproof locks.
It's tempting to explain away the shooting as a result of the drug culture the boys grown up in and the poverty of his neighborhood 82.5% of the schoolchildren were qualified for a free or reduced meals in 1998-99.
But that wouldn't explain all the other school shootings where the assailants were older white teens most with middle class backgrounds.
The most common denominators in the shooting rampage equation are America's love affair with guns and their myth of the gunman who solves his difficulties by resorting to violence.
The first makes getting hold of a gun remarkably easy. The second makes using a gun to settle the speed remarkably tempting. The 60-year-old boy probably had little idea of the army could inflict.
But how would you explain the gunman who shot five people at two fast food restaurants and look at the bird pencil laying out Wednesday?
He knew exactly the cost in human suffering his bullets would cause. Let's be realistic.
The US has to somehow rediscover the value of human life.
It has to figure out what has made human life so cheap that they can be so easily stuffed out in the very places where they have every right to feel safe and secure their schools their restaurants and their work sites.
Americans must also change their thinking about the use of violence to settle grievances otherwise their society will continue to pay such a fearful price for this inexplicable adolescent infatuation with a handgun.
What a great like I wrote it.
Especially that line about the US has to somehow rediscover the value of human life. How many times have I said that?
You can travel all over the world. I'm talking civilized countries not like Uganda, but civilized places and the discover that the human life released in some places still has in value. How do you like that?
Not here.
Keep.
Keeper and a gallon of gas.
560.560 on the AT&T line.
There's a mobile and a built in manners. Hello.
Let me believe when the car.
Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yes, I just wanted to get your insight on why the Panthers aren't making any play at all for Ray Bork with him out there as a trade partner.
Sir, is this a hockey show?
You're a big hockey fan.
You might talk about hockey this morning.
No.
Now, all of a sudden it's a hockey show. The hockey show was last night with Rimmer and JD.
Okay. This is the hockey show.
The Panthers are making a play for Ray Bork because maybe they figure he's at the end of a great career and he's a daughter.
I have no idea because he's already gone from Philadelphia. If you were watching ESPN. He's already.
It's going to be announced any minute now. He's signed with the flyers. It's already a done deal.
Why didn't the Panthers get Vladimir Malikov because he went to New Jersey because they didn't make it as good of a deal.
I don't know. Ask Brian Marragesh. Folksman.
This isn't a sports show. It's not a hockey show.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Any a whole. Why are you okay, sir?
Well, talking about double standards.
Here, Miami Beach.
The gay community. The discriminator against federal sexual.
Oh, great. Glad to hear it. It's about time. Here's a mobile and keep a skin. Hello.
Yeah. Neil. Wonderful article. I just want to know where was that.
Where do you get the article from?
I mean, I just got to tell you where it was from.
It was from the St. Catherine's newspaper. I regretted it in the Toronto star. Yes.
Lovely.
Yeah.
Okay. Here's our last call on a Monday. Mobile and Margate. Hello.
Yes. I just want to say I completely agree with the article there.
I mean, if anybody takes a look and looks at the death rate in the US, any major city we have more murders in the US than whole countries do.
And I mean, people write that off and say because we have more people.
We have more murders in the US than whole countries do.
No, more murders in major US cities.
In the entire country. So I mean, look at Washington DC. You can have more murders there in a month than they do in Canada in an entire year.
Yeah. So it's not wrong with that picture.
And it's, but you know, nobody cares. You that's the problem. Nobody cares.
And the article points out that life is real cheap in the West. And they're right about that.
Well, and what, how do we get people to care? I mean, how?
Sir, you tell me how to get people to care. I've been trying for 24 years and a couple of days in this town.
Do you get people to care about anything? If I succeeded, they couldn't give a flying craft. That's the American way. They don't care.
I find it incredible that something as precious as human life can't get people.
But they don't care. They do not care. They have nothing to say about it.
That's sad.
Well, that's America. They don't care about education. They don't care about human life. They don't care about children.
They talk a good game. But well, maybe they used to. They don't even do that now. They got nothing to say.
I find a six year old, the fact that a six year old goes into his first grade class and shoots a kid.
The fact that that's even something that a six year old could could contemplate.
I find that disgusting.
Yeah.
And so should any other civilized person, but don't you understand?
America wants to know when's the next to who wants to marry a millionaire. When's that going to be on?
Not in what you're laughing, but that's what it's all about now. America's, they're, they're, their mind is in the gutter.
They don't care. They don't have time for anything meaningful.
And have a great day.
5 6 7, this is my last call for phone calls. And we got the Marlon game coming up at 1250.
So it won't take a lot of music to the left time.
And then I got Dave Hyde's column to the whip here who sells out. And one day, it's all it took for me to sell out Dave one day.
I was going to that gas.
5 6 7 over and he wants to know if I want to do an extra year or two of this.
What I sign up with this great cup. So it's a combination between the fact that we don't have a phone at worst most of the time anyway.
Even when we do what's day it looks like it's working. We don't get any calls to begin with.
And I want to come in for an extra two years now, which would make four and a half more years and beg for calls every day.
No, no, no.
I've given it my best shot for 24 years trying to wake the ambassador. They got nothing to say about anything.
You pick it. In fact, that's what I was thinking when I was going to the airport.
You were like a shock that you didn't get like an immediate response on the surface. Can't go there and eventually later on you did.
But after you know how much time.
Wailing and gnashing you picked that topic like I've told you before and if they got anything to say about it.
No, they know anything about it. No, no.
But now all of us and they're all hockey experts and how come we didn't sign Ray Bork.
Because we didn't.
Here's a mobile in Key West. Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, I know. I just terrible about young children getting colorating any life being taken.
How much of it is really, really due to 24 hour newscasting looking for stories and really.
I think I think you're right. I think that's right. If we would just not have the news on there all the time we wouldn't have to hear about these terrible things.
It would probably kill like a lot of each other.
Or maybe that kid just watched too much CNN. You think that could have been in.
I think that's probably what it is. 24 hour newscasting. That's our problem.
Working for bad stuff that goes on.
We don't be a lot better off if this kind of stuff could happen. We just didn't have to hear about that little girl.
She would she be anybody off. No, she'd still be dead. But all the rest of us would be a lot better off.
And if you put on a big front and say, hey, guess what? It doesn't happen here. This is a civilized place.
The dynamic lot of sense to you. All right. I think thanks. Thanks for solving the problem, sir.
Excellent. Let's just sweep it under the car carpet into bodies too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and especially dead Monday morning out of town line 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5
5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
Yeah, 11 o'clock at 5.50 W.A. and don't go away because we got the Marlins in the Kansas City Royals
150 less than two hours from now and we'll get this audience turned on when I had Marlin exhibition
their game comes on that'll do it how's line 4 coming by the way just want to make sure that thing is working
I think we actually talked to somebody on here not that I'm nervous about line 4 or line 7 you understand
line 8 since we had problems here on Friday no all sounds co-fear to me sounds great
USJL's two-minute inmate let's hear it
vigils were mounted in more than 30 cities in the US this week to draw attention to the
arrival of the countries two-millionth jail inmate the United States comprises 5% of the global
population yet it is responsible for 25% of the world's prisoners that's the American
way it has a higher proportion of its citizens in jail than any other country in history
according to the November coalition and alliances civil rights campaigners just as policy workers
and drug law reformers the coalition is seeking to draw attention to what campaigners feel is a
trend for locking up ever more offenders most of them non-violent incarceration should be the
last resort of a civilized society not the first said Michael Gellissac a former vice-termaid
of the West Sentencing Commission gotta get all those drug people in jail right yeah go through
those ass trays get everybody in jail and of course that makes more room on the streets more
room on the highways safer for all the rest of it maybe that's where all our audience might be now
they're all in jail what do you say yeah they're all behind bars all those druggies used those
nondinial rogers show all been put away that doesn't keep them full college they don't know I set
up the old Hershey highway they're waiting for jazz mccade to come back for that he used to be the one
talking all the people on the inside five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line here's a mobile in north Miami hello you should be present at the night here's a mobile
in Hollywood hello mobile in Hollywood okay I'll try one or two more here's Miami hello
hey yeah yes sir problem is just the social welfare system in the whole country
I mean as long as I hand out checks and more kids here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hello yes
sir yeah niel actually I was changing the subject a little bit getting back to your question now do I
ever listen to the model and send radio that's a pull question on the internet yeah
haha that's not a question that no it's not that we don't discuss the pull questions on the air
oh okay I could just do screen listen go yes and no and yes and no for like which you'd
probably be more interesting the calls we're getting that's a good point actually I'm a little
bit more excited right now about the hurricanes the code we're not we're not five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line this is scary today this is beyond scary I thought the Greg
Reed meeting with Norma Kent I thought that was scary but this to me is unbelievably scary this is
the best and then the poll result 53% of our audience wants to hear these phone calls they want
to show is better with the calls this is what you listen for uh-huh this is what you want to hear
uh-huh yeah there's a bunch of assholes who have nothing to say that's what you listen to the
around your show for after 24 years on here hallelujah baby I've made my mark in a big time
talking to people going the moon the moon like that four hours a day making a lot of money for doing
it here's a mobile in four-letter deal hello anyhow how you doing great a couple of things I wanted to
comment on a while ago um you mentioned on the show about how the government up in Canada is
subsidizing the hockey teams up there they're not yeah they passed the bill no sir they did not
pass the bill the bill did not pass the public the public responded with overwhelming
opposition they've changed their mind okay they're not losing anybody well the comment that I
make is here in the states the taxpayers in the United States subsidized professional teams
and the way that they do it is the owners depreciate the value of the players contract and deduct that
from their orprenant or individual taxes so we've been doing that for years and years and years
yeah also I wanted to get some feedback from you on what you thought of um John Henry's
to scan in regard to uh coming up with some money to pay for uh his stadium I've just been talking
about that I've been talking about it uh I talked about on Friday I talked about it again today
well I'm sorry I didn't hear the answer in no the answer is absolutely positively no no more money
for billionaires to build more stadiums and arenas no no matter where it comes from
there hello yes there was an interesting column in the paper yesterday about it I believe it was
David he said that um what sir are you you're not listening to the show okay have a nice day have a
nice life and it wasn't an interesting column it's an idiotic column which I have right here in my
hand which you already been referring to and let me say it again for you and Dave hide many other
bozos if they're going to tax the cruises if they're going to have any more taxes take that money
and put it to something worthwhile not more stadiums not more arenas not more empty buildings for
billionaires you got it no I didn't think so the answer is no sir just say no to John Henry under any
circumstances five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line mobile and four
lottery hello uh it was uh holding for Hank yeah hold this here's a mobile and this is just
asshole day we have nothing but assholes on his phone today mobile and south Miami hello that
got sure was yeah listen it'll be interesting to see who can reggae do who's actually in face
well he's got he's got Dave hi and you can be sure that he goes already on his bandwagon he's got
his head up his ass you'll get a few more polls each one but it'll be interesting when it finally
comes down to the boat yeah I just I find it totally wrong that you get preempted for exhibition
base pod sir sir let me go no wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute I'm sitting here doing
the supposedly highly rated show are you if you've been listening to these callers horrible okay so
what what's the point what's the big deal about my being on the year what am I accomplishing here
besides I'm going to live in which I need to do I need the money but other than that what am I
accomplishing by doing a show on this radio station think a few years off your life yeah that's
what I'm accomplishing I mean this is this is pathetic this is a these calls are a substitute for
having something to say which these people don't have well I'm sorry about it and join the club thank
you he's sorry about it and so am I it just gets worse and worse and worse and this man thinks I
want another year or two of this I don't want another minute or two of this much less another year
or two of this this is a vacuum this place vacuum oh screw you Neil go to yeah maybe I just will you
know maybe before the end of the week maybe I just will get on a plane Friday afternoon I go up to
Toronto have a great weekend talking to people that know something about life about the real world
people with a smile on their face people who aren't walking around going like like that and I come
back here it feeling great this one all just all this is a full of it just loaded with it that too
and right off the bat here we go with a bunch of retard a bunch of mouth brews again
hold on for a heck for and not even good bad material the omesand week week
how many times if I brought something up about the panthers about hockey but
never get a response no begging begging people talking about the food in the arena begging for
response ever get a response no and I one of a sudden after I go on about 40 minute monologue
this morning now I got a bunch of idiot it's called dumb hockey calls like dumb petrics on
litterman we got dumb hockey calls I haven't got any idea why we have a hockey team in this town I
have no idea there is absolutely no interest none other bodies in the stand it's a social club
were you fudge back at starting this month on TLC you marveled at the inside look at ER doctors
on trauma life in the ER now follow the lives of proctologists in a major hospital colon corner
weeknight at 10 on TLC it's television worth watching if you like to watch somebody shove their
hand up on one's butt rectum even good neplicating corks good enough for america I'll tell you that
11 past 11 at 560 WQA 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line here's a call in Largo hello I'm
surprised that channel six did the kind of job that did last night in relation to the helicopter
crash that killed at least two people first the Miami-Herald comes out with a story that says that
was wrong that was incorrect with this even the Herald story was wrong right then the i witness
Rivera was wrong which he said that she saw these two helicopters chasing each other done the
front page of both papers today that there was incorrect they weren't chasing each other they
wasn't the fly any responsibly was absolutely incorrect how about what the what the observers the
the audio observers said that they heard when they said let me say it again it was absolutely
incorrect and the pilot of the other helicopter also says it was incorrect I read both stories it
was not correct okay so if you pick up today's newspapers it's right there on the front page sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 this is the absolute last call four calls in the history of the near Roger show
the 53% of you who want calls on a show here's your opportunity make one because if we don't get
some calls now I'll never give them up around again and you'll ever hear any calls on a show again
you can take that to the bank this experiment expires in 30 seconds okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 8 7 7 I mean this is just astonishing we have to be off the
year we have to have like a we have to have numbers like they do on stupid talk we have to be in
the fractions by now keep in mind the book is like ancient history that's October November
December if the 6th of March today there couldn't possibly be anybody listening to the show now
to have to go through such an unbelievable song in a dance to try to listen any kind of a response
out of four million god damn people out there allegedly is 20 of whom I'd be listening in
fact there's got to be 69 listening where to get that number well I'll tell you where I got that
number because our first hour and a pull result you listen to Marlon's baseball on QAM we had 60
votes saying no and nine saying 69 votes nine listen and 60 do not which doesn't auger too well
for what's going to happen at 1250 so maybe it's a good thing that we don't have anybody listen
this morning they're just warming up from our lens baseball positive absolutely positive
how's line 7 coming by the way sounds like it's working to me doesn't it sound like it's working to you
what's that hello what was it what was that got these
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey how you doing Neil great I mean I want to commend you on your
of your direction the issue that is going on in the world today man and the reason why you don't
get no good the callers man because your intelligent as far as his geek these people call it
you man that is correct they're not my freaking genius they want to know what am I doing here the
problem is man that they want to hear you talk racist talk all they want to hear you talk
foodie's talking yeah all right you have a nice day okay back to you all they want me to talk
racist talk to you Schwarzer 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line mobile in Pemberg Pines hello
Neil how you doing today not not the best sir not the best I was great about an hour and a half
ago I was doing sensational well you always say you don't get any hockey calls I wanted to talk
about hockey and one of the things I wanted to talk about is the attendance and and personally I
know what I know what I'm just there to talk about well I like I know it bothers you that or
you personally that people leave really I know it doesn't bother me if people really why would
you say that well I thought I've heard you mean so it bothers me that people don't show up or
that you know that doesn't bother me that they don't leave the state of holding leave whatever they
want well I have to tell you a pain those kind of prices you can leave whenever they have you
well that that's what I think but I'm one of the ones that leaves early and the reason that the
reason that I leave really is because of the astonine engineers and designers and whoever put up the
of why there's no direct on ramp when you're leaving to go north yeah so stay home and watch it on
TV it's well I'd rather go for 50 or 55 minutes of the game than then then not go at all yeah but I
know that when I stayed when I stayed till the end the difference between getting home at 11 o'clock
tonight and 12 15 for five minutes of hockey for me ain't worth it right so I don't know why they don't
have a ramp go into the north but to make to to go with those idiot policemen who do absolutely
nothing at the three traffic lights where you have to make left hand turns I just don't get it yeah
I'm sure that I left three minutes away I'll tell you that well maybe I maybe move in might be the
answer maybe that's the best thing is three minutes away then that doesn't matter how many you stay
exactly well I hope you take those better thanks did he say they go he just said they go five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line here steward hello Neil yes sir yeah from Rochester
yes yeah hey you know Nick Tahoe has new hours now yeah they close at seven o'clock yeah the home of
the garbage plate and and why does anybody care about that sir well you're gonna be moving back up
north I heard the tanto no really no okay and if I were moving back up north why would I care what
time Nick Tahoe's closes sir is there anybody on the face of the earth who cares what time they close
well no no stop and think about that call
oh seriously stop and think about that call Nick Tahoe's with the garbage plate
and this guy believe me you can tell from the call he knows his garbage okay make no mistake about that
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's complaint line call in
with your complaints another guy he don't like the off ramp isn't you know the way he wants it
they props aren't doing the job up there he can't stay the entire game because he wants to get
home before two o'clock in the morning which I don't blame him see if they would have built a
goddamn thing in a first place with seventeen thousand or seventeen five something like that it
would be close to filled up a lot of time or at least it would look a lot better and we wouldn't
have to have all those baby seats in the corners but you know something they didn't do that
because of one word greed because they're gonna try to jam as many seats as they can no matter how
and their own no matter how uncomfortable because that's what it's all about is greed one more reason
to just say no John Henry and it tell Dave Hyde that he's dreaming that he's whistling in the dark
he says oh it's for the first time a sports owner not only has a good plan he's got a worthy
corporate villain on the other side let me say it again no matter how much you hate Mickey Erison
the idea of cruising the crew of the of taxing the cruise ship lines which is a great idea by the way
so we can get something out of it that money's got to go to something worthwhile not to one other
billionaire don't you understand that David Hyde no jackass I wonder if Dave Hyde is married maybe
has kids who go to school and it's got forsaken place or anybody else who works in these newspapers
get a brain baby get a brain get sucked in right off to that one day he sucked in oh yeah this is
a great idea it's a delicious idea because we know like Mickey anyway they don't play no taxes
so let them pay taxes and let's turn this into a goddamn livable place we already got a
stadium in a arena on every goddamn street corner Dave Hyde you jerk
here's a mobile and coconut creak hello you gotta stand down if you leave the airways there's nobody
else on it who has a clue about what the panthers do yeah great what the panthers oh yeah that's
why should stay here because nobody else has a clue what the panthers do yeah because we got so
much hockey interest here you know what I'm saying not here you jerk here's Miami hello hey Neil
yes sir let me change the subject a little bit what does that mean let me change the subject what is
the subject well the subject is what you were just talking about with Mickey Harrison and the
arena the subject the subject is what well I wake up in the clock this morning and what do I hear on
this 10 Daniel's going to Minnesota now is that a good idea or what have a prediction
Minnesota 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line are we going to be talking about Dan
marino no I don't want to hear the name again no don't want to hear the name even Eddie the Pope said
stick a fork in him he's done even Eddie the Pope who's got three Dan Reno blowbells oh jeez I just
said it again sorry here's plantation hello okay um a couple things are going to talk about what
politics about super Tuesday tomorrow or they say or super screw days demand that they
do you think McCain has a chance a chance of what coming anywhere near bush coming in your
bush yes depends on who's bush we're talking about what about Jargers does he have a chance to
win tomorrow yes no he is going to win from states like in the way what do you saw
except who's about John McCain about what's his what's his claim to fam I'm not
as a being a pfb size being at the handle of Hilton what's his great claim to fam I'm just
worried about Jargers bush being in there because he cares about nothing but clu-y no you should
be delighted that George Bush is going to win tomorrow because Al Gore will wipe him wipe the side
governor is sourced policy grounds that he humiliated all says windows as well you hear they're
talking about what help
he take six already five 60 but five sixty eledzy as the class lines
just when you think you've seen and heard at all you come back to this all down to one
another year or this, Neil, how about two years?
No.
No, no thanks.
Even with a phone system that worked, the answer is still.
No.
Even if we were doing live from Nick Tahoe's
with a garbage plate for every meal, the answer is still no.
Go away, Greg.
You bother me.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir?
Neil, I call you.
You say you got no calls.
I can't get through to the phone.
It's this.
Well, what can we do for you today, sir?
All right.
Listen, what in blue blazes?
I'm so tired of seeing only Cassini Cavacha.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello?
Neil, don't.
That guy started talking to answers and you knocked them off.
I had one thing to say to that.
I'm not talking hockey here.
Do they?
Let me say it again.
It's not a hockey here.
It is not a hockey show.
There's no hockey interest here.
Amen.
Amen.
What's there to talk about?
Well, I want to take issue with the guy before it.
It was crying about going north out of that place,
because it's fine.
I mean, how spoiled do you got to be to get to a game if he thinks he's?
If he wants to leave with five minutes to go, if he I leave many a game lately, I've
left after the second period.
If the game is well-opsided and the verdict is no longer in doubt, what law is there that
you have to sit there till a bit around?
Now I would say that if the game is like tied with a minute to go and somebody leaves
or if it's going to be overtime in people's leave, I'd have to say those people are
assholes, but they're still entitled to leave.
No, I don't care that the guy got it.
Somebody don't show up.
Absolutely.
That's what bothers me.
Come on that page.
And one panther knows they got to protect Murray.
I mean, Jesus, very good.
56670560, pound 560.
I mean, 18 T-line.
It's enough to make a Gromand cry.
Here's a mobile in four Myers.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is John.
I'm in four Myers.
Listen on 770, at Beasley station.
I feel your pain.
I'm calling about the two stories.
First about a little girl like I shot.
Pathological liars.
The bees.
Pathological liars.
The two millionth prisoner in jail also.
I think they're directly correlated.
Here's a little kid who's a great example of, he's learned early that the punishment doesn't
fit the crime.
So he has no conscience.
He has it been...
He's learned that punishment doesn't fit the crime.
Six-year-old boy.
Yeah, so he's like, hey, I can get away with an early age because if I can get away with
it at an older age, I can get away with it now.
I don't have any morals.
Society doesn't teach him anything.
And you're also saying how non-violent prisoners also fill the prisons across the country.
I always roll back to one of my favorite movies, Escape from New York.
They just make one giant prison.
You know, give everybody a place to live.
Some deep.
And you're on your own.
You know, I know the ACLU, I don't like it.
But that's what I believe.
You know, make a giant prison for all the violent offenders, put them all there.
Then it'll free up all the prisoners across the country, fall in non-violent offenders.
And actually show people that the punishment will fit the crime.
Just a solution I'd like to see.
26 after 11 at 5.60 W.M. we only an hour and 24 minutes away from.
Oh, Barlin's baseball.
Can't beat that gator meat.
And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush.
Today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine
town factory.
Great to be here.
In Nevada.
South Carolina, Nevada.
I want to be your president.
Because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker.
Don't say that.
The ignorant worker all over the world.
Hey, Bush, what are you all about working?
I never have worked today.
My entire life.
Hands, smooth, silky palm oil.
You're soaking in it.
Let's go to the next question.
Yo, man.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, you're going to go and now want a good question in court with substantive marijuana
legalization.
No, absolutely not cocaine.
Yes.
Vincentine, heroin, probably, obituous and that means without adapt.
Without adapt.
Now you.
What are you going to do for the black man?
Thanks for asking.
First thing I'd like to do.
See me one up close.
Not too close.
No touching.
Perhaps maybe get a lot, lot.
Can I get a lot?
Tell me, Bush, thank you very much.
We got a nice show.
You got to go.
I'm the salesman for you with George W. Bush.
It's 1132 at 560 WQF 567 O560.
Have we had a woman today?
No.
How about that?
Here's Cassadega, New York.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Don't go off the air, please.
Any minute.
No, don't.
Anything.
By the way, I can't play something.
I'm not a father.
Would you wear a dead-end at one car that car is about this car?
Yeah.
I can't believe it.
I'm interested in that.
Interesting what?
This car, who's my gosh, you're causing it.
Maybe nothing used to be open all night.
So who cares?
I care.
But you see, I love the New York City.
I hate to break the news to you, sir, but the majority of our audience, like 99 and 99, 9, 9, 9, 10, they're all here.
We're not there.
Well, I'm calling them up here in New York.
Yeah.
It's important.
No, it's not.
It isn't?
No.
Do you have a bee?
Have you ever been there?
Yes.
It's great.
No, it is not great.
It's OK.
OK.
What can you do?
They've got good hookers over there.
Well, now you're starting to get more important things.
No, that's true.
I mean, that's the only thing that Brown is.
The hookers come in and they close at midnight.
Now, what's going to happen?
OK, well, listen, I'm glad that there's somebody in the world who cared about that.
I feel much better about the caller from Stuart.
Thank you.
OK, thank you.
Thank you.
Out of town line, 877-785.
Let's hear it for Nick Tahoe's OK.
I'm just going to have to plan and go to Tahoe.
That sounds better to me.
877-785-6345.
See, I was wrong.
I was wrong.
There are somebody who cares about what time Nick Tahoe's is closing.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to talk about double standards.
I think what was in the Herald Sunday about these Cuban exiles buying all these condos down in Cuba,
because they want to do business with Cuba.
Can I tell you one thing?
I just don't care about Cuba.
Well, you talked about double standards, right?
Yeah, but I don't care about Cuba.
Can I give you the heads up on something?
You talk about the stock market.
You know, this is the best economy that we've had in a long time.
Green span is worried about wage inflation.
In the year 2003-04, it's a fact that there's going to be Hispanic majority in this country.
So I think that's the right point.
What I meant before.
Yeah, OK.
He says they're saying that the answer is to get more immigrants.
Get more immigration.
Yeah.
But that's going to make our economy even greater.
Inviration, right?
Yeah, it's going to be a wonderful thing.
Rhymes with Haitian immigration.
Are you following me, sir?
Rhymes with Haitian immigration.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line, 8777, 7856, 545.
Got three anniversary cards.
Do I have my 24th anniversary in Miami this year?
Each year, of course, the listening audience dies off.
You see this love, diminishing return.
You know, I feel like Ralph Redneck only.
He's in a box.
And I think I'll be joining him very soon.
Very, very soon.
And by the way, Terry Jackson or whatever your name is,
that must be Barry's twin brother.
They're right to the hero, the TV column.
The reason Channel 4's ratings has gone through the roof,
which you've already written about before.
But maybe your Alzheimer's have kicked it again.
It's because of Oprah as much as I hate to say it.
That's why their news ratings are up.
Not because Channel 4 news is interesting.
Not because anybody wants to see Angela Ray hyperventilating on their own.
Boy, I like that.
Every time she's talking about some little kid that just got killed.
No, it's because of Oprah, that pitch.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Good.
Yes, sir.
I'm a first time caller, but I've been listening to you for about 18 years now.
But I had to call you because I'm just overwhelmed by the type of consequences you're getting.
These days, it's pretty big days.
These days, these days, that's right.
Every day, it's like this now.
I don't know what they pay you but they don't pay you enough
It's not just a question how much they pay with it's a question is how do you do a radio show in a town where nobody has anything to say?
How do you do it?
It's amazing as many issues that are worth talking about it no matter what's going on in the world
What's the big thing on the plate today Nick Tahoe's restaurant up in Rochester that nobody ever heard of before
That's the big thing I didn't mean you that they're calling in from out of town. What time does Nick Tahoe's close?
Yeah, that's the big issue here today
Oh, brother. Well, I'm a loyal listener and I hope you don't go away
But when you're when you're ready to go I can understand why I'm ready to go right now in my pants
I think have a great day pal. I'm ready to go
Five to we had one woman caller here today. Oh, no now one woman and a Saudi it's cares enough to get off her god damn ass right now
And tell us what Katie Kirk looks like this morning on the video show
That tells me all I need to know okay
They don't know Katie Kirk's right from their elbow the woman in its town
5 6 7 0 5 60
Count 5 60 on a AT&T line out of town line and we don't want to talk to anybody from Rochester running out of town line or
Cassadegra or Canada digua or should talk well
877 7 8 5 63 45
By the way next time that what's his name?
Prostrat for walks in here remind me to tell him to get out
He's killing me
Tonight on ph1 behind the music while MTV is wasting your time with the real world
Road rules and rock and jock football
VH1 remembers the music tonight at 8 its rule call on one followed by storytellers presents
The village people then it's a parkage family behind the music and a two hour Brady bunch documentary that tonight right after hard-walk live
featuring the captain and to kneel only on VH1 yesterday crappy music today
18 to noon at 5 60 we're only a little over an hour away from Marlon baseball guy
And you feel the excitement you can smell it. It's so it's building in
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line we got 16,000 open lines. We had a lady on there, but did she hold on? No, she couldn't hold on long enough
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Not much. I'm a concern
Parents will concern fit it's an you leave you know you hear that thing about that kid. I killed a Michigan
You think well, you know it can happen in our school and you're so in school
Well, guess what on Friday pick my phone for school and guess what I got a letter in a in a pencil
Told me that a kid first greater bottom night just go through in the student at a one of our local schools here in Kendall
Nice called Oliver Hoover and you said you send back and he's listen you think about anything. Well, how can it happen?
You know here and if it's amazing the fact that it's happening everywhere not just
Somewhere else that's happening at the school here in Kendall and in Miami. Sorry
Let me say this if you've been listening to this show this morning. I mean the series. I'm not being sarcastic
Okay, if you've been listening to this show this morning
That's the answer is to why this goes on and nobody cares
You follow what I'm saying. Yeah, I follow I follow
Nobody cares. Well, you know like dealing with a bunch of morons low grade morons. Yeah
And you want to wear the parents. I mean myself I check myself book big every day when he goes on the school
To see what's in it and you know what the top work and how can they find an iPhone in the kids school bag?
The parents take a little initiative
These aren't the kinds of things that the American public cares about they aren't taking the initiative and nobody's upset about it
Well, they need to be because I mean myself I take the initiative I go to myself top this not to be
I know not to just check up on this. You know what's going on with him and what you know with the school
You know you got to get a good show a little initiative
536 something about the Schmitter
The designated Schmitter 5 6705 60
Here we are again last call last chance last opportunity for all time
And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to disconnect this phone physically
I'm going to take this cord
You got that sharp knife right you got that port we can know the switch blade you stole I have a box knife good
And I'm going to slice this baby right off here they can take this phone and stick it in somebody rectum in the
Corporate okay for all I care
This is an exercise that and this is worse than the death by lethal injection
Worst in the goddamn electric chair and stark on a bad day for old Sparky. That's how good this is
You can get off a goddamn plane from those and beac you can get off a goddamn plane from the end of the world
And as soon as that sweltering heat hits you with a push and you say oh my god, you're back in South Florida
You know what you're in for don't you?
this
Here's Davy hello
Hello, yes, sir. You're one funny character
I feel something important to say. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm waiting. Okay. I'm
Understand I'm gonna never first on my life. I never last
Okay, um about two months ago on the learning channel. Yes. Okay. They had a special on what's wrong with America
And it all comes back to what you've been saying before overpopulation the babies being made like every day
And they did actually these business people out of Los Angeles actually did a five-year survey
And so I think it was 70% of the babies being born or related to either drug addicted or alcohol addicted parents and families
All right exactly great now they they have put up money and there is a solution the semi solution to your
four-starosal four sterilization excuse me
Uh, the phone number is 188
Well wait wait wait phone number for what?
They what they do is anybody that is a
Dick a dark or her drugs. Yeah. Okay. The harvest number
They will fix you for and they will pay you two hundred dollars
Okay, don't pay you two hundred dollars to sterilize you absolutely and then they will give you a lot of gram
I've boomed for 200 bucks
But they but they'll be fixed and no more babies good
Excellent
It'll pay you two hundred dollars now we're talking now we finally it took a long time but now we're finally getting our thumb on it
There you go and something else to what anyways, but they will pay you two hundred dollars to get fixed man or woman
And they will provide you after care. They actually on the learning chair. Okay, what's the number? It's 188
30 crack so that'd be 188
3027
225
30 crack right
That's what if they can't spell clack
That's I'm getting you the other number. Oh, I got it great
It's a countrywide these business people law thandlers loaded apps they did a fire survey
And they will pay you man or woman
Two hundred dollars to get fixed and they will provide you after care. They follow this one girl around
And they showed the aftercare they gave and they even got her a job in a place to live great excellent
But that's that made it worthwhile coming in today. So that was I believe I was in intelligent call correct? Yes, sir
Okay, bless you pal
That's the info guy. I mean, he's like the biggest horn in the world. I mean maybe commercial here like he's talking about his wife and his bedroom
We can't get it up on the what's that all about?
Have a great day
Too much too much well, yeah, I was excess consumption of booze will do that to you know what I'm saying
Here's a lady in Miami. Can it be hello? Yes, hi on come here. Oh my god
What's going on here today and not only this?
Um, I got a new listener for you. Yeah, sleep right now. I don't want to wake her up. Don't do that
We don't want to wake the audience up if you just uh just a little baby last week. Well, isn't that nice?
She owes it a crack baby
Exactly right after that call. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. No, she's done good. I wanted to tell you real quick
Um, relax because your blood pressure higher than mine right now. No, it's not
Uh
There's a lot of people that we just don't get a chance to call you. No, no
You don't understand this is see that that line that that's that's baloney
This is supposed to be a talk show
This is supposed to be where I come in or in talk and then people call up when we talk about crap
Whatever the hell it is, but they don't call you know, I'll take out some good crap or I should stay back
The food at Mount Sinai hospital. Yeah, it's crap. I
Oh my gosh. That's anything like the food you talk about?
Oh my lord. Yeah, it's a matter of think that they ship it over from Mount Sinai to Joe Robby
You know, we have to sneak pizza in so I could eat something edible
It was terrible. They'll kill you in that place Mount Sinai. Don't ever go there again. I really want
So put your shop. Okay. Thanks. We don't all right. Bye. Bye. Bye. See there. There was a woman. Was that hard? No, that difficult. No
You just you just smell it you can sniff it just evaporating right in front of your push and bluff Lindy comes in here
Has he got any information about that phone system? No, anything that has to do with his show
No, comes in here with a note or Lando El Zagiri says Thurman Thomas is gonna sign with Adolfins tomorrow
Do I care about that? No, is George care about that? No, shoot anybody with a brain be thinking about that on the 6th of March. No
Exactly
Five yes, uh, strong Thurman strong Thurman Thomas. Isn't that who was talking about? Yeah, he's 182
He's gonna be signed with Adolfins tomorrow
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Out of town. It's 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 that's what I need to do get out of town soon
Greg Reed is a madman a lunatic an evil person the anti-Christ
They love me. I hate them
Here's a mobile and lottery hello. Hey Neil. You know God. How are you today? Okay?
That guy was just calling he was on crack
Look at all these crack people that I got to come over and go oh I can make two in her bucks bison crack or heroin
All I have to do is get sick like they could care about having babies
But they're honest they're having babies every minute
That's the point that's the way point of it
But you know what if they could afford the sterilization they should but now it's a chance to make 200 bucks
And get sterilized in smoke more crack
Excellent. Let them smoke the crack just stop making a baby. See it does this guy get it. No, you don't get it
That's the points sir. There it is right in front of your face take a look at it
You see if you ever see anything look like that before. You know what it is. Take a sniff of it. Okay. Uh-huh. There it is
Take a little taste
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
You
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Uh, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I was uh, I was over in Vegas last week
Yeah, and uh, I went to one of the buffets, you know that you uh, you had mentioned there's one of maybe hanky
What do you want the ones I mentioned I never talked about any buffets and things. Oh, maybe it was hanky
I don't need the buffets the phaser for people that have a lot of time to be standing online
Well, I just wanted to check it out see what he was talking about
But uh, funny thing was I was standing online and I ran into that guy
Andy Rothman and as I reached for some of the
Yeah, who the hell is that? Oh, he's this guy, you know, but anyway as I reached for the buffet
Is that am I supposed to know who that is? Well, you haven't heard of them. No
Oh, well as I reach for the height of he said to me, hey be careful little make you smit
Yeah
Yeah
Okay, thanks. It's a little make you smit thanks for the good news. Do we know Andy Rothman? Do you have any idea who that is?
Exactly
5670560 pound 560 maybe he works in Niktaho's I think yeah
Oh, no, he got no he used to work in the caos, but out of the clothes and early he's got canned
I'm weird is that he good friends with David Sugarman. Yeah, David Sugarman's uh, stepmother
And the steestones boyfriend. I think they're connected. I don't have to hip
Here's Hollywood Hollywood. Hello
Yes, sir. Hey Neil. Yes. I can't understand why the bees they don't let you go. Yeah, the other 15 stations then care
The other one the other 15 stations they didn't care they didn't want a good riddance. Yeah. Oh, thanks for listening
By the way, then you arrived your show. Okay, the other 15 stations they didn't care. Does anybody understand what this guy's talking about? No
No
The other 15 stations they didn't care
Did the other 15 stations that I was on is that what he's talking about? Yeah, and you know something and he's followed me from the other 85 stations all the way over here
So like I said, thanks for listening to the near Roger show on this station and the other 126 stations. I was on also sir
5670560 see this is all John Henry's boyfriend's column today
Every time they think they've turned the corner with some other cock and aiming proposal and it keeps changing every five minutes like people change the depends
Oh, yeah, now we got it now. Yeah, now if we can just get that faggot off the air to stop telling the truth to stop telling it like it is
No problem, John Henry got a lot of money. Just write it check
seven figures
Any amount with seven figures. Okay, where the seven figures before the decimal point
I'll be gone tomorrow. That's all and you can have your goddamn stadium
Dave hide and default all suck your ass. No problem. I won't stand in your way
It's a small pit and stupet compared to 320 million you're trying to suck out of the economy yourself
And out of somebody who's gonna pay taxes somewhere and I hate to break the news today
I'd but yes, we already did that before with Wayne Hypinga which sounded like a great idea
Taxing the tourists with that bed tax to build a goddamn macarena
And then we found out that he wasn't gonna be such a nice guy after all. He was gonna soak the public in armament like just to get near the place
So yes, we already did that Dave Hyde, but now you'd make all excuses you want for hopping on the bandwagon
Here's a mobile in deer field. Hello. Hello there. Neil. Yes, sir. Don't go anywhere because I drive about 40 pounds a mile a year and
If you're not on the radio stuff on stuff my routine any day now pal very soon
Listen to you in the morning. Otherwise I'll listen to that bitch on the other station any minute
She's an idiot. Listen to reason I was calling was
It's a hockey fan you're frustrated, but I haven't planned rugby for 14 seasons and you want to talk about lack of attendance
No shows the rugby. Well, why should they? Well
It has
But I don't care because nobody here cares about it. Don't you see nobody cares about rugby?
Well, not an American sports not a Canadian sport. It's a European thing
Well, no, we have we have Canadians aren't even so it's the most popular sport around the world
Just not happen the most popular sport in the world around the world perhaps second
That's interesting the soccer people tell me they got the most interesting sport the most popular and then the auto racing people say no
They got the most popular and now you're telling me that rugby is the most popular
Well, rugby players say that soccer players are girls. Uh-huh. Okay
Have a great time with it sir have a wonderful time and hang out of that square ball. What have you're squeezing?
Whoo
That's going to be a pull question and a rough day to come which is more interesting marlin's baseball or rugby there you go
nippin tuck
5 6 7 are they on in the morning on the stupid talk nippin tuck 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
We're less than an hour away from marlin's baseball
You can smell the excitement
When I enjoy angel just drop one
What a nice thing that is to do to him make him work for an entire year knowing that he's not coming back lame duck
As Nixon once said the only thing worse than lame dick is lame duck
Here's Orlando hello, hey, how you doing? Okay, um, you think in retrospect it was a mistake uh leaving clear channel and W-I-O-D
I never worked for a clear channel. Oh, they bought it after after you left right, but do you think you would be interested?
He's very yes, absolutely really this is this company is destroying my career. I'm finished him out of business
Yeah, I still listen to you all the time from up here with that, but I could see your show is a suffering from
You know there they're nonsense
They're okay. I'm make believe station with a company that doesn't promote nobody in their right mind
Listen to a and radio in the first place. We just keep recycling the same old people to lay die off and the same lifeless
Sports nerds. I mean in this company they think that this this can go on indefinitely and they're wrong
They're out of their minds
You know, you know what I think should happen is the company should come along and put you on FM with Phil Henry like they say it's not gonna happen
Sure, it is not
What happened with Cox when when they saw the station? No, it absolutely was not you guys were under the impression that it was
Because they lied a lot just like all the other. I mean not like these people, but they lied a lot too W-I-O-D
Hey, Nick Pagoni just quit Cox then they you be fired. I do. I don't have any clue
I know you don't like mentioning the guy with a funny voices, but he's gonna be on real radio here starting today
So maybe you could uh you could send a case and maybe come on one of four. Have a great day sir
Three minutes till noon at 560 WQM
But Neil Rogers show sports radio 560
Because
Oh
Oh, then the guys to the mercy, I got the cantilequist cherry, yo!
Aw, baby!
Oh, but good old, a cherry, cherry, a bee, baby, broo!
Aw, baby!
Shining in a village, in a village, in a sheep, in a fish's bedroom,
Down to one down, down the road, in a pit, that is super bad way!
Now, if it happens, don't go big deal, someday I'll get around the pigs and the prey!
A 1970 died, my own bone cattle, you know, she's so looking bad now, he's my baby cattle, that's...
Aw, baby!
Coquettna, Cortona, a cherry, a bee, baby, baby,
Aw, baby!
Shining in a village, in a village, in a sheep's bedroom,
Yo!
I've got my windows down, down the hearts of the day, cause the gates he don't want no way!
This waiting pressure, lawsuits, talks to smell the gits, and tossing wood over time!
On my back, he'd be fine, the shiny grandad's no like lie, limes my coffee, giant and toothless, I'll be washing it with all the rope!
Don't hold it anywhere, you know!
Coquettna, Cortona, a cherry, a bee, baby, baby,
Aw, baby!
Michael Schraffek, King's growing over speed boxing, excuse me!
Aw, baby!
First of all, in theory, you'll be massive in the evening, you can stop, baby!
Say it, say it, say it, say it, bad of us cattle, that's...
From 0-2-5-6 to the SWQAM, here's our poll, by the way, first two hours, 128 votes already!
Our poll today, do you listen to Marlon's baseball on WQAM?
So far 103 have said,
Yes!
What was it?
They're a little confused, I guess!
103 have said, there you go, and 25 have said, yes now!
So over 80% of the audience will be tuning out, and of course that isn't what?
50 people, something like that?
Yeah, you have all these people that will be tuning in that aren't listening to you.
Oh, that's right, I never thought about that, that's correct!
All the sports nodes will be turning in, to hear that game at 1250.
So we got to 25 who said yes so far, and then the other 10 of the sports nerds will be turning in.
And then, dear John Henry's baseball team play an exhibitionist game.
80% will be saying, bye-bye, say it, John Henry!
In fact, I think, come November, if they actually do finagle to get that thing out of battle,
I think it'll be more than 80% will be saying, no!
No, John Henry again.
No way, in spite of what Dave Hyde says, in his very thinly mashed suck job in the paper yesterday morning.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Hey, don't know.
Okay, sir.
I have a question regarding the programming under station, because you're the only one that will give me a right answer.
Yes?
Okay, who just, are the Marlins the number one choice on the station?
What do you mean number one choice?
Okay, yesterday, you know, the biggest game of the year for the hurricane, the basketball team was on,
and they found it out to 790.
Yeah, because the Marlins have a priority, it's under contract.
Okay, and that's what I wanted to know.
That's real smart.
No, well, there you go, it's Greg Readigan, you know, making that sound.
Indeed!
And Leith is consistent.
Okay, I have a John Henry Spire hopefully.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to Waffen, this is over the weekend.
You were the one?
Well, probably.
And they have a bumper with John Henry saying, you know, this is 1700, whatever, whatever.
And then he goes, is there a better sports station in Miami?
I don't think so.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
Yeah.
And that's where the guy who's winning your partners in the station.
What do you mean one of my, well, you know, he's got a stake in your station.
Oh yeah, I never thought about that.
Here we're paying, now, when he's got a stake in the station, we're paying a million to,
I want the audience to stop and think about this.
We're paying this asshole millions of dollars a year that's crippling this radio station for the rights to this garbage that's coming up in 45 minutes.
And he's on the other place pump and promoting them.
Yeah, he was.
And I'm a bumper.
You know, in between the, you know, you know what a bumper is.
I know what a bumper is all right.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thanks for the bad news.
How do you like that?
John Henry sucking anywhere he can, because he knows he's wasting his time sucking here.
He's already got beef all that took about a buck and a half.
I think is all that took maybe a little trade out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
8 7 7 7 8 5 63 45.
See if I'm one of the people here on the inside.
If I had a brain which I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
They don't I'd be psychotic here and that.
That a guy that's basically holding this place up almost with the gun to their head.
And he's down there on the other guy.
The men sucking their ass.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you got to, you got to stay, man.
There's still people who love you here.
I've been lifting the use and I was about 15 years old.
I can feel it.
The warm air overwhelming.
Hey, don't lose hope.
And hey, I didn't even know we had Marlon's baseball.
Is there is baseball here in Miami?
We got it today, baby.
Would you want it or not?
You know what?
Instead of only four minutes away.
All these taxes for stadiums.
Why don't we keep them and build you a radio station where you can stick around?
Hi, you're talking.
Huh?
I bet you would get a real phone system in there too.
Yeah, definitely.
Maybe get your phone system a nice brand new stadium.
We'll call it the Neil Rogers tax.
That's all you need.
Okay, we got it.
That's it, man.
I just wanted to say hello and don't lose hope, Neil.
Thanks.
All right, bye.
It's already gone.
Hope is gone.
Hope is gone.
Yeah, she's gone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We can take our time this hour too.
I don't want to say somebody downstairs made a mistake.
She don't make a mistake.
I don't want to say she screwed up on his log.
But hey, listen, easy, come easy, go.
And let me mention again, if you will, we're Mr. Show earlier.
Tomorrow is March 7th and you wonder, what does that mean?
Why is that a significant date?
It's a significant date because tomorrow is over, which means I'll be able to talk about that thing that would the beastly we haven't been able to talk about.
And am I going to talk about it?
Yeah, in fact, even as depressing as today is, I'm looking forward to coming in tomorrow so I can talk about that.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I hear Ellie, I'm throwing out the first pitch today.
Yes, he is.
Okay, you just want to get from here.
Okay, you're welcome.
56670560, he's also bad in cleanup for the Marlins, right?
Because he works cheap.
56670560, pound 560 on the A and T and T line.
I hope, and by the way, you'll be very pleased to know.
Then Eric up on our website really gets down to it.
He says since so many people's lives seem to hinge on when the Tahoe closes, he did some investigating.
As of March 15, the 320 main street west location began closing at 8 p.m.
Because of excessive violence.
Oi, the LLF location 2260 LLF, it was still open 24 hours a day.
So breathe easy.
Okay, that guy up there in cash and they got a day and can and day one Geneva and Pinyan and Lee Roy ended up wherever else I left out.
Just breathe.
They did one on LLF, it was still open 24 hours a day.
And the other one you don't want to go there tonight, I guess is what it boils down to.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing? This is Maliko. You are a pilot coding.
Long time this and there.
Hello.
I'm here. I'm listening, sir.
You haven't hear anything.
Pada Coda just let us know.
Anything what?
Pada Coda.
Powder coded?
Yeah.
What is that?
Pada Coda, you, you, you, Pada Coda, rims, wild covers and takes.
Look at donuts.
How about a donut?
I'm going to go to the gym.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
Do you have any idea what he said?
No.
Can you get something in his mouth?
Maybe some powder.
How about some powder?
56070560.560 on 18t wireless line.
8777856345.
See, I think based on what you were telling me about here.
Now, what time of the day was that?
Was that like live that you were here in that show?
Yes.
Are you sure?
He goes, George was telling me was here in Fille, a Friday night I guess.
For an hour.
And he was doing his usual stick and couldn't buy a single call.
Not one.
No takers.
No takers.
And he's on like 50 stations.
So I'm sitting here getting all ben out of shape.
Maybe what we're all doing because you look at their numbers.
I mean, I mean, you know, we had a bad book, but it's still better all of their day parts put together.
But we're done.
This was fun for a long time.
But you have to know that it's done.
And of course, I'm not going to throw in the towel because I don't have enough light to retire yet.
If I had enough light to retire, I'd say goodbye tomorrow.
I mean, honestly, that's what I feel about it.
When I have enough to retire, I'm going to say, see a Greg.
That's all.
I've already determined how much that is.
So if I come in and play music, if I play Hungarian rap city, if I see here we go.
But like that, it doesn't make any difference because that's the near Roger show.
You can lead a, you know, can lead a horse to water, but you can't stick your nose in its rectum long.
Isn't that the way the old saying goes?
I like that.
Right.
So I mean, I'm not going to force feed it.
If we're all done, it's time to get the message.
If all of this stuff rickensuds, they got a point.
What's the point to all of this stuff is all over with now.
Everything runs its course.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to try to clarify.
So that proposed tax is a vote in Miami.
It was like four bucks a day for every person that travels on a cruise ship.
Right.
Now, is that just going to be for one year?
No.
What about this for one year?
Well, they, I thought that when they needed to come up with 320 million and then Marlins were going to come up the rest.
How much when they propose a tax, it's just forever.
Is, have you ever seen a tax that was that disappeared?
Well, no, but when they specify like on cruise passengers, it seems like they should be able to raise that money pretty quick.
320 million?
Well, I don't know.
I would divide that four bucks a day.
It's like 12 bucks.
That's 80 million.
We're divided by 12 now.
Okay, 12 into what?
12 out of 320?
Say 360 because it's a 30 million.
Okay.
20 million.
30 passengers.
It's going to take a few days.
Yeah, that's going to take a week or two.
So, so why would in like, you know, I'm a Marlins fan, but I won't go out of Miami.
Why would like, if I lived in day county, give a crap what happens?
A tax proposed on cruise ships is getting me a free stadium.
Why not go for it if it doesn't involve me?
Because if you have any brains in the 11 day county, you realize that there are a lot of other things going on that are more important.
And we shouldn't be building any more stadiums for billionaires or millionaires or any more empty buildings.
That's probably why.
I agree with you there, but you'll be surprised.
I don't know.
I guess a lot of people, yeah, if you look at it that way, I didn't look at it that way.
Just figure a free stadium or an album for it.
What does that mean free stadium?
Well, nothing.
Nothing is for free.
Who's going to maintain the stadium just like the, your Mickey arena?
The mayor gave the same lie to the public then.
Oh, he's putting up the money to build a building.
It's going to be free.
And now the taxpayers of the day county for the rest of the time are going to be saddled with maintaining that building.
Just like they're saddled with a 40 million, they lost on the old Miami arena.
That's it.
And they're now another.
How many white elephants do we need?
You know, 100% correct.
I'm glad I don't live in Dave County.
God bless us.
God bless you.
Thank you.
I like to live there for a couple of days so I can vote 40, 50,000 times.
Yeah.
All of us who are against the goddamn stadium, we're all moving to Dave County between now and November.
How do you like that, John Henry?
A little weasel, you little pups.
I told you.
We're all moving air because we can't stand you.
We can't stand greedy billionaires who keep trying to conife and chisel the public.
And come up with ways to use somebody's money, some public tax money, no matter whose money it is.
To pile a crap.
I'll tell you one thing.
I want a goddamn.
I want to build a restaurant.
And I guarantee you be the better niktahos.
It'll have the best goddamn food, expensive food, cheap food.
I want to build Niels restaurant.
There used to be a restaurant on Alton Road, right?
First hit came here called Niels.
It's been gone a long time.
It was a great place.
Long gone.
Like all the other good stuff gone.
It's going to be sensational.
And what I want to do is have a tax on something.
Something that you people will have to pay.
Somebody else can have a tax and build me my restaurant.
Anybody going for that?
No.
No.
That's what it's all about.
Somebody build me a stadium.
And the answer is, no, don't care how creative it is.
We don't care how much we dislike Mickey Ererson.
We don't care how much of a schmuck Dave Hyde is.
We don't care about these things.
The answer is still, no, especially in a county where the biggest city is on the verge of bankruptcy,
where the kids don't have school books.
A lot of them to take home to do their homework at night, where kids can't get fed a decent lunch in the daytime.
And have to take their lives in their hands and get in the car and maybe get killed at lunchtime.
All of these things.
Not to mention the guy at the emeralds that we don't have that they're just overclocked to the point where people are going to blow their brains out of each other's.
All the pressing things that are needed.
The kind of sensible things that should be done with tax money of any kind.
Those all come first.
John Henry, you're way, way down the list.
You're down on the peckering order, okay?
So if you think that because you got one schmuck there in the newspaper, suck it in.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Amen. You're right.
And you know what?
Nuts rhymes with puts.
If you look at a mirror, John, that's exactly what you are.
I don't care if you got 50 billion, a hundred billion dollars.
Look at the mirror.
You're still a putt.
Is he a putt?
Uh-huh.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello, new.
Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy? Coming from the heavy beach.
Hey, Ron, listen to me.
And there's big Neil.
You know, a great guy.
And I go in anyway.
But now you, Miami doesn't, doesn't, doesn't survive.
Big Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing, buddy?
Oh, man.
One of your people, George.
One of yours.
Hey, listen, don't wear all that jewelry and public man.
It's dangerous.
Five six seven, oh five, not to mention heavy.
Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60.
We didn't have that one lady.
Got any more ladies?
Oh, we got a lady in Kendall.
Better grab her while it's still a warm.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, please.
Okay.
Very depressed.
Very psychotic about coming back here and putting up with this crap.
Let me tell you, I live down there in New Ranger.
I'm at Pisa Club by homestead.
Oh, wow.
I'm at Pisa Club.
I know one of the cogs in front of me.
I'm a Jewish Mary to the Mexican guy.
Yeah.
I know.
And let me tell you, it is unbelievable.
We're all done, sweetheart.
We're all done.
The traffic is, is it?
The show is done.
The traffic is done.
John Henry is done.
The white hops are done in the Tahos.
I drive them home.
Done.
See you when in.
I drive from New Ranger.
Well, Dr. Dunn, I have a little bit of soft and done.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
I'm Rambler.
I'm in Corridor.
I drive from New Ranger to the day of land every day.
Do you be surprised that yet does it?
I see the crazy people that I see.
It isn't credible.
Yeah.
And they, these people actually have license of the camp.
I believe you know, I drove home from the airport last night.
My flight came in at 10.30.
I'm on the road at 10.40 last night and I'm thinking to myself, what kind of crazy people
in my out here on the, I mean, you think on a Sunday night at nearly 11 o'clock, you think
it would be clear sailing, right?
Wrong crazy people all over the road.
I know.
And you know, these people come from foreign countries and they think because they just come here,
they can get a license.
Driving like they're all on acid.
I have never seen it.
You know, I'm not here for 20 minutes, John.
I'm in the car.
I'm on the road.
I'm going to be in the car, but you know, I'm wearing and carrying out again.
I know.
So there's a guy that I came in here this morning that told me in a better mode on this show.
I'm telling you just like that.
The guy says, it's a banana republic baby.
And I'm sure.
I'm going to tell you, listen to your show every day.
And I am a woman and I do listen every day.
Well, you're the one.
Thank God, thank God for you, sweetheart.
And just so you know, I mean, I do.
I don't care anyone thinks about it.
That's what I do.
98 degrees.
I do, I do, I do.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hang in there.
Okay.
I know what he said.
Yeah, let's play 98 degrees. That's what I'm gonna do every day. How's it going? Oh, they were playing a Nick and Jessica song up there
Walking on Young Street. They're playing either the back street boys or Nick and Jessica over and over and over again
Even though George hates that song like poison and I would agree with you if for once we do agree that song sucks
And he said Jessica sucks too is what he says, but I think that's wishful thinking on his part
You
You can suck. He's gonna be a virgin
That's what next thing
Yeah
Okay, I'm not gonna talk about him. You just
Get to me very very agitated
1218 at 560 wqm
Here comes the greatest facts in the history of facts is so important and so significant and so scathing
That I even didn't play the bit I was gonna play right there, which is pretty good by the way
From Carolina Mountain water and River Ero Beach. Neil
This is from Danny. Deed. We know Danny. Deed. No
Neil, I'm hearing your despair over the quality of the colors
Don't you know full well that you are to blame for the current state of your show
Let me explain since you returned to the airwaves from the buddy buttocks Dravaganza you have had zero interest in discussing anything of real importance
Don't get me wrong. I still check in usually on a daily basis
But you just don't entertain me the way you used to back in the old days
People have tried over the years to get you to discuss topics and you always said no
But what you seem to miss with that nobody wanted you to talk about daily contrived topics
What we wanted was for you to use your brilliant mind to address topics that were important to the South Florida community
The election of a neo-Nazi governor or the witch hunt impeachment for instance
Your first year back you talked almost entirely about one whammy. I show that no one in Palm Beach county could see
Two George's rays three ice cream. Oh and hockey
Meanwhile important news both local and national was occurring
With little or no interest in what's going on around you since we all know you're gone as soon as your five-year contract is up
Listers and colors such as myself found some order something else to listen to
Almost everyone with brains and that might have had something interesting to say took your lead and left the building
Still love you but what happened?
Danny D
Isn't that interesting? I'm the one who doesn't talk about anything important like the editorial that I read out of the newspaper from St. Catherine about America's obsession with guns
Like the goddamn tax that we helped the feet on transportation back in July
Then I talked about till I was blue in the face and the overwhelming majority of the public came out and voted
Gensmayer pinga picania and like the six-year-old kid that shot the other kids and things that I talk about every single
goddamn day on this radio show and you know it as well as I do
So basically what Danny D is saying is that all the stuff I did for years whether or so if it wasn't
Talking about ice cream. It was bokeh burgers
And it was the little pieces pizza. What what are they called a little uh big old bite?
Vagal bites. Yeah
Let's see if I do that if we are a hundred percent
I see I'm not going back to talking topics what you pick and choose Danny D in addition to which we don't this this radio program isn't primarily for the people in Palm Beach County
So whether the people up there could see whammy or not that's not relevant to anything
to anything
So here's a guy that calls in gives me a lecture on a facts who's still what does it say at the end still love you
But what happened so he's found something else to do but he still takes the time out of his busy day
The facts me a lecture on a facts Danny D from Carolina Mountain water and review your beach
Which by the way of South Elkona's listening we sure could use some goddamn water cell the tap is dry here
How do you like that?
I just don't entertain him the way I used to back in a good old days
Did we do topical talk on iod?
No
No
We had better colors than iod but was the show did the things I talk about with any different than they are now
No, it's always the same balance between some serious stuff some may up in it up whatever the hell it is
That's the show Danny D and you know that
But that's for you sweetheart
Yeah, all I talked about was the whammy tv show George's raised an ice cream
How do you like that? Yeah, and
And a little kid that could shot
And the tax and john Henry and a partridge in a pear tree. Oh and hockey that's right. I forgot I've we talked about hockey too. Sorry. Sorry Danny D
Neil is the one that made and you know something Danny D
It's always been like this it's just a matter of degrees
Whether we're serious topics back on ws news whether it was winz where I remember when I turned up the newspaper on a year
Because they wouldn't talk about the goddamn rights that we're having in the city of Miami
No, it's it's Neil that doesn't care about the important things the audience the intelligent people they care
I mean if you expect me to believe that man you must think I'm never done sawdust
I got 24 years of very good memory of knowing that they don't care
Take a look at the ratings on television take a look at the crap that they do watch
Are the new shows number one? No
Who wants to be a millionaire a billionaire a trillionaire and here's what all this money looks like here
You go show me the money here it is. We're shown it to you
Neil made him that way
Remember that t-shirt we had its niels fault that so here add some more stuff on air to Danny D is right
It's my fault
We chased all the thinking people away. I'll we have left there a bunch of uh mouth brewers
That's all we got
Thanks for the advice Danny D and by the way
560 560 560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
Here's hi, Lea hello
Good afternoon Neil yes sir
Neil this makes the second big game in a row that Robert
Robert Svela Gagadis in the dying second yeah
I mean in what what more does it take to involve him
Neater Meyer and
Olick Kalash and some kind of trade before the deadline why don't you ask this spokesman? I can't tell you
He was on around friday with the worst thing. He didn't uh, he didn't ask him. I mean this is getting desperate
I mean
Neater Meyer keeps losing face off after face off. Well guess what pal ain't gonna. He ain't gonna go anywhere because nobody wants him
560 560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
Out of town line 877 785 6345
See after I read that fact from Danny D you would have thought that these lines would have exploded
Wouldn't you have thought that? No, huh? Come on. I would have no nice no with some response
Sayin how dare Danny D right crap like that Danny D whoever that be and look at this
I'm looking at it
Some old bag called up a green with it
Bbang
Yeah, that was probably Sheila B
You know Sheila be an asshole
Here's a mobile at homestead hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't let that guy bother you too much bother me
No, he's probably a D as Danny D as he's probably an ovator. They got to blame somebody other but themselves
You know what I mean? Hey, what do you think about that that uh, you're probably done at homestead
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, hi, Neil. I think I cannot help you understand why there's some schools out there
They don't have enough books for their students. I went to a public school in Miami and because they feared what the kids were bringing in their book bags
They gave us one separate school and one set for home
So that leaves a lot of kids out there with a lot, you know, a lot of less books
Well, isn't that great? Yeah, that was wonderful. They don't do their homework don't use their books
And there's kids out there who actually want to learn and they don't get anything
And we went and this guy thinks we're going to build a mis stadium
Well, if that's what people get condensate, they don't want to think for themselves. That's what's going to happen
Okay, thank you, man. I have a great thing
Look at the explosion on their spawns since I read that skade and that penetrating facts from Danny D in review of beach at Carolina
I'm out whatever the hell it is. What is it Carolina mountain water? Oh, I've heard about that stuff by one
Have you heard?
Let me take it off the air
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. But this place is legally dead
You can smell it. Oh god
Finished finito
And I'm gonna say it again you ought to kiss the ground for all those crazy old Cubans and for alien on all that crap
Because if we wouldn't have had two or three months of that stuff, what else would we be doing here?
Oh
man
Thanks thanks to all your crazy old Cubans. Okay, you may be irritating most of the time
But at least you keep it exciting. At least you get everybody whipped up to a frenzy. Get them out of their coma
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, listen. I just got something I wanted to make a comment about
John Henry. Yeah, first of all it's my opinion. I just think he's judgment stinks
He's cutting back the payroll every year. Yeah, how do you expect to for him to draw you know the paint draw fans
And I don't know I just don't think he's I think it's judgment stinks
I don't think yeah, I think his brain cells are being destroyed and he's a liar
He's a liar he said that if the public wouldn't build a mistake him that he would do it himself
And then he he's changed that story 20 different times and now when they ask him about it
It's like he's hearing it is falling out. He can't he can't answer the question
Well, like I said is his judgment stinks
And he made a bad business deal and now he would like the public to bail him out of it and
5 6 7 0 5 60 is so obvious so obvious
What do I tell you about the John Henry people
Like him little put that on here is that going on here? No, no
Here's a mobile in Miramar hello
Hello, yeah, Neil yes, sir once in my first Panthers game. I'm from Michigan. Big wire at Redwing's fan
And I didn't I didn't know if I believed you about Peter were out, but he's got to be the laziest skater I've ever seen
And not not really great skater at that either and
I guess I agree with you
Okay, all right, bye
Bye
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t he agreed with me by the way George
He's a lazy skater when you know those guys they're lazy and chiffless and the we're big shoes
Here's a mobile in four-letter Dale hello
Mobile in four-letter Dale
Going once
Here's Miami hello
My any
Miami on eight hello, hey, Neil yes, sir. He doing what you doing everybody loves you
We've been listening to you for years
And we love that they hear from you for Danny. You love that you love to hear from me. What does that mean?
Well, you know, we listen to you every day. Why?
Because you're entertaining you make us laugh
And for Danny D Caroline and mountain water. Yeah, the worst water on the market
I've even sold public some wind I heard it tastes like Schmidt. Oh, it's got tree bark in it. Is that what is?
My dog was barking at it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t line. What are you sneezing about in there man? This guy's got allergy
I think it's allergy to the show today. Uh-huh. Yeah, it's dust
We know whoever was injured like the weekend was using the tissue and just left them on the counter
Yeah, along with the open salt packages on the board whatever mode
Whoever was in here on a weekend making a mess out of this place again
Josh Friedman was in here apparently sitting in my chair
Josh Friedman was in here and you wonder why you're sneezing and your allergies are backed up get the lights all oh
Squirt squirt squirt squirt squirt squirt squirt. God now he tells us
Now Tommy sticks his head in the drain you notice how fast he took pull this head out of here too
Man
Josh Friedman was in here, huh?
I'm gonna tell you that is you were right. I was wrong. He is an unbelievable miserable asshole, Josh Friedman
He is a tub of crap every ounce if he weighs 510 which I think he might be back up to this on his day
If he weighs 580 pounds he weighs 580 pounds full of
What a piece of turd
And why is he still here? He must be another one with naked pictures. Uh-huh
But
Anyway, Bluff Lindsey tells me that Orlando Al Zagiri says that the dolphin to sign in thermontamas tomorrow
Whoo heavy duty
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, that's the noon. I
So Ben and Jerry left week in a live
Performance they were giving us pizza the footloader their library and live performance a live performance
Live in in person and pieces of four-loader day a library
You well in four nobo
Nobo college
And um, I think they may be some hope they didn't make me a glimmer of hope for the rest of the world because there are two people that seem to have their
Schmidt together. Yeah, and I was encouraged by that and I wanted to you know just give you avoid
Well thank god for Ben and Jerry. I love Ben and Jerry and they gave out ice cream at the end
So they're gonna say what's not to like we were all happy
God, that's like I would like to give a shout to my friend Evan Brown who's a marriage hungry big and listen to every day
Have a white white up. Okay. Thank you. See you now. We're starting to get a little bit of support
This is like the goddamn election of our super two. This is stupid Monday
March stupid Tuesday. This is stupid Monday as we continue lobbying for a little bit of support
We're gonna get it out there from the people in radio land that Danny D says they're all gone
Because the intelligent people like him if found something else to do
Even though he's got time to fax me a whole goddamn litter a song and a dance on his litter head with a lecture about the god
They broadcasting business initial. No. How much you pulling down Danny D?
Ha Danny D. How much you putting in the bank every two weeks
You little putt whacker
Danny D. I wonder what the D stands for can it stand for dumb? That could be it
dumb
Yeah, if you would talk about the important things like
Like what what do you got Danny D?
When I shot all the kids in Colorado. Did we get any response on that? No
Anybody give a crap about the important things? They don't go out. No
They don't care about important things or what you think are important things mr. Hotshot
So you can sit around with all your pseudo intellectuals drinking at crap water. You're just up there in Palm Beach
Which I hear a lot interesting stuff. In fact, you know something since tomorrow is the last day of the quiet period
They might also be the last day of the quiet period about that too
Unless they want to send us some free water
Here's a
Mobile in cross-spring. Hello
You know I agree with you John Henry is full of schmit. Yeah, however. I would like to say something
You know, yeah, and by the way, I'm pulling down
945,000 dollars this year, bro. So this isn't some Yahoo call in here. How do you like that Danny D?
Here's a guy that's making a few bucks. I like should I need to get off the rag buddy
This is there are other cities in the country with bad government bad roads. Yeah, and also it's a bad stuff
Yeah, there's a lot worse places to live than here and and going on about it all the time is boring
Then why you're still listening?
Click
There's a guy what do you say is making 9000 or something like that? Yeah
Going on about it, and I ask him a very simple civilized question and he hangs up the phone
He hangs up the phone. See if I don't like a show. I tune it out. I don't send the guy a facts
I don't call up and give him a lecture about how boring it is and about how wonderful it is every
You know this place compared to every place else. I find something else to do
See these people don't want to discuss they want to give me a lecture
Which hey prices right to your dime pal
Marlon baseball in 17 minutes. I've been smelling
Here's a lady mobile in bokeh. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you great? You know that Danny D
You just stand for Danny dog crap
Danny dog turd. Yeah, yeah, you know you've heard
If he's got that much time. I mean
Got obviously this guy's got a problem
You know just tune out all these people that are calling like this
This last guy who wants to impress me with all the big bucks that he's making and the yadi yadi yadi and
How I should kiss my account my blessings. I guess nobody gives a crap about him or anybody else not Danny D
Danny get a life Danny Danny. You're going through life with Danny with Danny. Tell me exactly
Well, don't you're Dan Daniel or something you're a man
You know give us a f-ing break with Danny. I hate to men with Danny right enough already with that and don't forget about Jimmy too
And Jimmy and oh
Think of his meal. Yeah, I've had it
That's it. Okay, right feel better. Yeah, I feel good and you know what you're just fine. Don't you change of god damn thing all right
Bye bye god damn it
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny yeah exactly
Just like she said god damn it. Yeah
Everybody's an expert out there. Everybody's a program director and you're bad. The on you suck
You were good five minutes ago, but now you suck and bottom about yeah, I do suck. Okay
Send pictures
And I take it back don't even waste your time
21 before one at five sixty double to q-m
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Hey
Any questions
I know
Theatropath try
Just because
You're a big old man, if you're picked to play and you go all the way.
Use the lifetime love and friend or ask the audience.
Use your hip-deeply and my friend your honestness.
30 million people are being watching you.
What to do? I would just arrive home.
While here's a tempering case you win on what to wear.
Be lookin' fly, wear a tie, bring extra underwear.
Now keep your feet straight and clear and then bend it.
It's nothing to pay. You could be a brand new millionaire.
16 to 105, 60, we're only six minutes away from Marlon Facebook.
Oh my God, the pressure is building.
As you can see it, you can smell it, you can feel it.
My favorite, I even piece this thing back together again.
It's Danny D. Fax that I tore up.
Because my favorite line about, with little or no interest on what's going on around you,
because we all know you'll be gone as soon as your five-year contract is up.
Are you following this?
This is what makes me bad.
Two and a half years left.
Two and a half years left.
But because I'm going to be leaving at the end of another two and a half years,
that makes me now totally disinterested.
Anything that's going on just like John Henry trying to suck money out of the taxpayers here.
Some taxpayers, wherever it's going to come from.
Because I'm going to be leaving into only in this town.
In spite of what that guy said a couple calls back with his lecture,
the pseudo intellectual, let's make a nine bucks a year.
In spite of what he had to say, the fact is only in this town could somebody come up with something that convoluted.
I'm the bad guy. Don't you understand that?
I'm evil. I'm the anti-Christ.
I don't know that.
And I don't give a crap on what's going on.
Because I'm going to be leaving into an half years.
So why the hell should I care?
And why should anybody listen to a show when they know you're not going to stay here forever?
How about if I said I was going to stay until I died on the air?
Well, that's all that sir.
Danny, you idiot.
No.
No.
And by the way, about that water.
Oh man.
We just had a call off the air.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
I think it's some free water, Danny.
Yes, sir.
I just had an idea.
I don't know if logic works for Mr. Henry.
But I have had baseball tickets for five years.
I will not have them this year.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah.
And I live in the city of Miami.
I don't think that we should have to give up our last piece of water from property to an overcrowded area that you know you can't park at anyway.
I mean, they're already belly-ick and about they can't park at the NICI arena down there for the basketball game.
What's the other thing you're going to play for baseball?
You can't even go to base side now.
On a day where the American Airlines is being utilized because it's 15 bucks now just to go to base side.
It's all those little watch kiosks and surf kiosks and all that they're going to go out of business.
I don't know what's going on down there, but I have a logic thing.
The FIU is getting a four is it.
What is it?
Okay, he's gone.
He just, and his phone cracked out.
You can hear it.
Here's Hollywood Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
God damn it.
It's settled down, man.
What the hell's going on?
I mean, you know that there's everybody, everybody in the whole house.
Are you so flustered about?
I don't know.
I'm sorry, but I just heard you.
Everybody in the whole city, I mean the whole South Florida area is, you know, Gaga over you.
They know what you do.
They know what you do.
Did you Gaga over me?
Yeah, well, yeah, actually, yeah.
People, yeah.
I don't even know.
I hear talking about you in conversations.
Really?
Yeah.
So I mean, screw your station.
Screw your people.
Sir, you just hit the jackpot.
Screw this station.
You said it.
Yeah.
And, and, and, and, and what tomorrow I'm going to do that.
What?
Tomorrow I'm going to, I'm going to do just that tomorrow.
Four hours on the air.
Yeah, but yeah, that four hours on the year.
I mean, I'll tell you what, you know, sir.
It's unbelievable, isn't it?
Is it amazing?
Yes.
It's just, it's just shocking.
Even Joe Castellar just stuck his head in the door shaking his head.
And he never sold there, he best.
Oh, believe me.
The answer would be no.
Not a bad guy, but no, Larry.
I don't think so.
179 votes.
Don't forget to go to neorodges.com.
Our website, our daily pool.
Do you listen to Marlon's baseball on WQA?
And that's our poll question today.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
179 votes as of just moment to go.
Eric just facts me the latest total.
146 say no.
They know listen to Marlon's baseball.
How do you like that?
And only 33 say yes.
81.5% say no.
And only 18, less than 18.5%.
Yes.
That means that any second now, people are going to be reaching for the dollar.
They're going to be twisting it and yank it and turning it.
Are you going to be turning it?
Hello?
North Miami Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's an honor to talk to you.
Are you going to be listening to Marlon game?
Well, I'll tell you what, I lived here for 20 years and moved to Scottsdale.
I was done a six months ago.
I'm back for one day to say a lot of mommy and daddy and flying to Rome tonight on Alitalia.
Great.
And I want to rest my reservations, sir.
A restaurant, the recommendation.
A restaurant recommendation?
Yes.
What does that mean?
In Rome?
In Rome, yes.
What does that mean?
What does any atroctoria, they're all great.
Any atroctoria, all atroctoria is there.
Each one is better than the next.
Any kick will location or just go anywhere.
Anywhere you want.
Just stay away from Nevada, can they'll kill you?
Oh, great.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, have a great time.
Mind your mind.
So anyway, look at that.
That's just about out of time here today.
Because we got a Marlon game.
And you know something.
It's just as well.
Don't you think it's just as well?
Oh, yeah, today.
Today.
Based on this, even though it's my fault, I want to say I want to come clean right now.
I'm bad.
The show sucks.
I'm bad.
I'm a moron.
I was good Friday.
Good Friday.
Okay, so they're not open.
Good Friday.
Ask Wednesday.
Sookas, whatever.
But today, all I can say is.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
That would be bad if we played that right up to Marlon's baseball, you know what I'm saying?
No, not seriously.
That would be really bad if we played that going into a guy named Marlon game.
Because then he might get all upset with us that whatever the hell his name is.
This is by am I.
I mean, Fort Lauderdale.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
