This is Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale and WQAM.com for the world.
Sport Radio 560 QAF presents the best of Neil Rogers.
Neil is still on making use, so don't call in, okay? Just wait back and enjoy.
The best of Neil is on 560 QAF.
What I do is look.
The day is a very special thing.
Stop and buy. Show us all about something special.
I'm at the door right now.
Come on, I'm sorry, man.
I already are ready.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Oh, I wonder what it is.
It looks like a...
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
That's me back, boy.
You're in your pants?
Hey.
Oh, what can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Oh, run your hands.
Hey, that's a...
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
Oh, what's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with a blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
Blow it.
You blow it.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and you blow.
Oh, okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddy?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on, lad.
You got to put your mouth around it, lad.
Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
Oh, it might just...
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it on the way down your throat.
Hey, it means you do it right.
What's this over here?
That's me chanta.
What do we do with that?
What do you do with that, lad?
You put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Oh, no.
Hey.
Okay.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, laddy?
If you want to blow on the pipe, you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
Like, okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here, here.
Good laddy.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
That's good laddy.
He blow on.
Oh, harder laddy.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze, man.
I'm going to run your hands up and down the shaft.
You pick faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
You blow.
You blow.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
You can do it.
You're going to play some of those.
Oh, no.
Hey, you have one.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, you can do that again.
I have to do the kitchen, you put it for me, baby.
Hey, I'll tell you what a trooper I am.
I just got off the pole with my good buddy Mitch Hirsch.
My stockbroker bought 200 more shares of shithriks.
Oh, no.
I'm a moron.
That's okay.
Somebody's got to buy it.
Hey, guess what the magic number is today?
Deep.
Yeah.
Is that incredible or what?
Is that a fast finger?
Even George was impressed with that.
Deep.
That's the magic number today.
And you know something that's how much that shithriks
is going to be worth, too, when I get done.
Deep love.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's the magic number.
You realize there are probably a lot of people out there
who don't know that we only got eight shares left before I've had moves for the summer.
Get out of here for the entire summer.
Yeah, a lot of people didn't, they weren't here.
They don't read the newspaper.
Nobody reads you got him.
Newspaper.
And they still miss that story.
Eight more shows.
Not that I'm counting you understand.
Am I counting?
Yeah, I am.
By the second.
Hurt Port Diffo there at the end with the...
He better thank God that some of my people tuned in about the two, three minutes early.
So I think I'm going to have him to that damn lightning round.
Uh-huh.
Even a fudge packing kid was on there.
Oh, lots of stuff today.
Made the newspaper big time over the weekend.
Really post your ego.
Doesn't it post your ego?
No.
Robert Steinbach, I just want to tell you one thing about him, okay?
He's an asshole.
Actually, he's not a bad guy.
Occasionally he writes, you know, his intentions are right.
But he, he is probably missing dark skin.
It's thin skin.
That's his problem.
Thin skin.
Many times over the years, I've read the Robert Steinbach's commentary from the Herald on the
Year.
Good column.
Greed with him.
Said nice things about him.
He's not always right.
Any more than I'm always right.
I'm only right about 99% of the time.
But at any rate, so, uh, Thursday, I ripped him because he wrote a really stupid thing about
that 13-year-old kid.
And about, oh, it kind of, it really just tears at my conscience to think that he's not
right about that.
And in 31 years, when this kid is 44, which is what Steinbach is now, and when he's 44,
he's still going to be in a rotting away in a prison that, all of his other hearts and flowers
for a kid that blew away his teacher.
And I ripped Robert and asked for what I thought was an idiotic comment.
And I still, I still say it's a horrendous column.
So he doesn't waste any time at all.
Nice going there, Robert.
Don't let any grass grow under your feet because it's against the law of the smoking.
Can South Florida learn to talk if the Herald on yesterday's Robert Steinbach column in
which, of course, and the only reason he wrote this column is to take another shot at me.
Or it take a shot.
Did he ever mention my name before when I said nice things about it?
Oh, no. When I agreed with, and not only that, but many of the things that I've said, like about the alien on business,
he said the same thing in his column.
If he says it's okay, if I said I'm a bad guy, what you'll hear?
He talks about, uh, all people from different cultures.
We don't talk to each other. We can't get along. I'm not going to read the whole column.
He says, the only window into this process are a handful of volatile media operatives
who dare to say openly what is usually confined to private conversation.
Cuban talk radio hosts Carlos de Mont and Matthias Ferrius,
oh, I love that name, Matthias Ferrius, is on the VS.
For example, regularly disparaged black and white non-Hispanics.
Talk show host Nia Rogers has made a comfortable living insulting black and Hispanic people.
Don't be trusted out.
He says, the black oriented Miami Times routinely law backcusations of racism
and white and Cuban people employ mean ethnic references,
such as Cuban Mafia and Banana Republic mentality, mean ethnic references.
Is Banana Republic mentality a mean ethnic...
See, Banana Republic means, uh, means what it means.
Everybody knows what a Banana Republic is. It's, uh, Miami.
It's a place where, uh, you know, the politicians are like in a revol-
like our sales department are revolving door.
But it's a mean ethnic reference.
Let's face it, Robert, you wrote this whole article because you want to take a shot at me,
because I said something about one column.
Mean spirited thin skin, not dark skin, no problem with that, but thin skin.
That's your problem.
Nia Rogers has made a comfortable living insulting black and Hispanic people.
How do you like that?
How about the Jews? How about the Orthodox Jews?
How about the Old Jews in Hellendale? How about the Fags?
How about everybody else?
Because we're an equal opportunity, Bashar Anashana.
85% of the show is stick. It's a comedy show.
Okay, Robert, you jackass.
You schmarts are, oh see, there he goes, insulting black people again.
Right enough a little about three shades would be good in your case, sweetheart.
Man is that pathetic.
All upset. I'll bend out of shape because I had the audacity to re-attack his column.
And by the way, I'm right in your wrong, sweetheart.
The buzzer for your wrong.
All this hearts and flowers about that 13-year-old murderer, the killer.
13-year-old killer. See, it just like Fred Goldman calls, oh Jay, he won't say his name.
He calls him the killer. If we refer to the Thangal Brazil as the 13-year-old killer,
then it puts it into proper perspective as opposed to like the 13-year-old child,
a 13-year-old honor student.
As Fred Grimo, this hearts and flowers column in the same paper this morning or yesterday,
whenever this will, I will not even waste my time with that.
About the bleak options that await this poor kid and about the prosecutor,
Krischer, up there in Palm Beach County,
has left only one bleak option for poor Nathaniel Brazil.
And neither one offers the advantages given kids.
Advantage is the kid sentence in juvenile court.
Are we looking for advantages for this kid? Oh, no, how about advantages for the dead guy?
You idiots. Everybody's like bleeding hearts and flowers.
In fact, here's a letter to the editor in the hero this morning from Jo Keen in Keepa Skane,
who says, I wonder what goes through the minds of a state attorney and grand jury members,
whether he and that a 13-year-old honor student for first degree murder.
Not just a 13-year-old, but a 13-year-old honor student,
the implication being that because he was such a good student, how could you do that?
See, I think he's looking at it backwards this Joe Klein or King or whatever's name is in Keepa Skane,
because the fact that he wasn't honor student certainly makes it very clear
that he knows the difference between right and wrong. Asshole.
God. One is going to stop. Is it going to stop? Oh, all these idiots,
these bleeding hearts for the murderer,
but the family and the guy that's dead, nobody gives a rancess about him. That's America for you.
Oh, what are we going to do? What are we going to do about this poor kid?
This poor honor student, I'm sorry.
Anyway, don't get excited. Okay, only got eight days left.
Life's nine minutes, not them counting.
No forcing of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission
of WQAM, easily read acquisition court.
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Well, it doesn't have room because the picture of Tiger Woods takes up a front page.
Anybody know TANGER Woods?
No.
Front page invitation the first page of Governor CRình.
Guys, you're looking through that, you're look through that, right?
From my accusation that marking is in one page.
That yellow and one of nowhere is the real picture from Tiger Woods's
list.
All along, theseáo intimate otor
and pretty much all of those other微 Accountant events.
and then there were thousands of ballots all over the streets and are we always
reading the button didn't the hero tell us that they had a wonderful peaceful
election and everything is a great and great and hatey yeah who the hell you
can democracy my big fat back on ass so there you go i just mentioned that in
passing our poll on friday and this is pretty revealing by the way if the
presidential election will be held today who would you vote for
al Gore oh no sir that's an editorial comment al Gore five hundred and three
votes forty point three percent but the interesting the most fascinating part
of our survey was stay at home when it's strong second including me i'm not
voting for him i'm not voting for bush what no i will not vote for either one of
them and don't give me that look yo like uh... what's wrong with you i know i
will not vote for either one of them he really should i really should what
and i don't like it but the whole lesser of two you know no i don't know and i'm
tired of that i'm not buying this crap about lesser of two evils i want my
i'm not casting a vote for somebody who is eminently unqualified to be dog catcher
a lying devious turd burger of a uh... of a uh... wouldn't uh... cigar store
indian that's what he is at the other time well screw both okay i'm gonna be out
of here in four years anyway screw both that's my so anyway
go for five hundred three forty point three percent stay home four hundred thirteen
thirty three percent a four third you turn stay home both for George w two
hundred seventy one only twenty one point seven percent in this crowd
rathnader forty five three point six percent pat you can only fifteen
fashets out there one point two percent fifteen nazis or maybe
required i might have voted fifteen times i might have been it he likes pat
became like the name he's got a conclude with james buchanan our first
gay president but at any rate
was the james buchanan or franklin pierce one of those two is a fact
so here's our poll for today
uh...
one on the plate
and reason i'm taking this poll today is because of the story about the rat
fest on the uh... feast fest on the survivor show
i'm waiting to get to that story about the petta people
you see there are protesting what i want to what is wrong with people
protesting because they're gonna eat roasted rat on a show
to survive
don't people eat squirrel
uh... sure
don't be like uh...
cats and certain places on the channel on a mention
here's our poor question today how much would it take to get you to eat a
roasted rat
i'll give you five choices
thousand dollars
fifty thousand
hundred thousand dollars
a million dollars
or the last choice wouldn't do it any price
i was asking joby for the show start this morning how much you think we
take to get rid of the roasted right
that's what he said
how much would take you to eat a roasted rat a thousand dollars fifty grand
a hundred thousand a million dollars or wouldn't do it for any price
and of course i'm going to have to cast a personal on that i'm thinking about
it
doesn't taste like chicken culture everything tastes like chicken
rat feast on survivor tv showed draws are of animal rights group
all i like that their pissed off and fired up those rat huggers
someone is speaking up for the beligared rats of pop up all poor while
the guy how you pronounce it wherever these people are stranded that the island
that place
and how many demonstrators were out there
yeah demonstrators from people for the ethical treatment of animals
one of them dressed in a gigantic rat suit protested outside of a CBS office
Friday because the contestants on survivor roasted rats and a them
the protesters chanted rats have rights survive on veggies
rats have rights
the rats have rights
what a crack rats have rights
how about mosquitoes the mosquitoes have rights cockroaches
cheaty flies
locust or not
these are killer bees they all have rights
you have people who think it's fun to trap rats cut off their legs can them
and eat them said
rail in the rally and smith of petta
there's nothing funny about that it's disgusting
the rodent dining experience was part of this week's episode the adventure show
survivor
which has been a big hit for cbs they left the s off the word hit by the way
more than twenty three million people watched on one thing and other
how bored smithless the american public is i mean
board to tears
hungry contestants have also spirit fish for food
i hear Britney Spears
smithless angry that survivor cameras caught them laughing while the
fish ride in pain
well let me ask you this
all the other got a bunch of spear chuckers on it out
yeah they better run like hell before they get eaten by them
but seriously like one that what do you think when you're trouble hookets caught
deep in the uh... deep in the throat of that large mouth bass
you think maybe it's riding in pain a little bit
like this is something how about the phisha people we got to write people
how about those poor little fish that are riding in pain and twisting it
the night away
with a with a hook and how about the ones that get away and they still got the
hook logs in their gutter
they just can get out of their throat
okay when that happens
cbs spokesman Chris Anderson survivor participants were instructed not to
harm creatures indigenous to the pacific island such as monkeys and lizards
uh... you know
i can think of one monkey a lot of people here would like to harm
i'm a man's a monkey yeah that monkey
but anyway
the rats were invaders from passing ships they were not indigenous to the island
these were dirty rats and by the way
jame cagney never said you dirty rat but that just keep assuming you did never
said
we have tremendous regard for petta and their set however we truly believe our
viewers recognize that hunting and fishing is a means of substance has been
acceptable since the dawn of time
petta members had urged the protest against cbs archaic and barbaric promotion
of animal cruelty
if some petta members have been invited contestants they could have instructed
the others on ways to find food without killing animals she said
people need to think about rats as they would about their cats and their dogs
is their cats and dogs like she's lumping dogs and cats together
what a bitch
these rat these rats may not be as cute and cully as a cat or dog
but they certainly suffer the same
to when i lived in the back they embossed in the early uh... sixty sixteen sixty
one
we had a real rat problem in boss not only still do or not because they had
the dug up the back bay to build a potential center and there were these
networks of tunnels underneath that was a shocking
that the rats had built like their own city underground
and so they were rats all over at night
and like uh... you know since we park our cars behind the apartments there in
back bay you go out your car there'd be like rath and eight screenage you
get me away and the garbage pills that we get the garbage you can
and so you go like inside you take like a broom or a baseball that whatever
was laying around you whack the side of the uh... can just to scare the hell
them and they would howl like a cat and some of us big as a cat they would howl
we never ate any but we like to make them howl see people like to do nasty
things to rats anybody remember willard uh... yeah do you see willard
we never saw the movie willard would be stavison
where he like uh... anti social guy kind of like turned on everybody and became
friendly with a rat
he got into the people out there we can rats on that survivor show
but anyway that's what america is worried about their eating rats on cbs
that's the something to be concerned about
here's boker first call of the week hello
yes sir
yes i am
you've given me a bunch of things to talk about but but first i haven't started
yet i've only begun to a school
well very quickly
let me just get this out out there already
i know that proper grammar is important to you
no it's not well
it
uh...
i got another lesson the bond exchange i was listening to the uh... michael jordan
news conference
uh... news conference about what when he was
welcoming winter hamleton on board
and there's a word that uh...
is being used
it's converse
michael jordan conversation
what i was conversate well that's what i want to know that i couldn't put on
converse speakers i think so he said that he had had a chance to
conversate
and
and that uh... you know
allow him to get you know the necessary information to make up
in another way to talk and that would be to talk and i think so i would just
like to put this out to everybody listening please do not use that word
there is no such word exactly maybe there is such a word i don't know
i don't think so
getting to the pigs
uh... i'm not the pick the rat what's that dumping son on your phone here's
there's something
i i hear that too
yeah what the hell is that
uh...
maybe i'm being bugged
maybe somebody's conversating sounds like they're masturbating the
conversating like what you're
got
something to pump it on anyway
let me wrap this up quickly
first of all
before they finish yeah
i don't think i could
eat a rat
i just don't
at any price
i don't think even for million bucks
what would kill you to eat rats
but the disease no
well i mean they could be the disease that's true they could have rabbis
how do you know you know before you uh...
well i thought the people about the people in cats
cats can have rabbis
yes i can well i i live down
in other words that but how about you could have mad cow disease any animal that
you we could be the disease
it can be i i was listening to your story about the raths up in bag bag
yeah i live down while me for a while they had these things out there
they were
huge rats
and they would get in the garbage at night
and they call them whistle pigs
they were
i mean literally the size of you know small dogs
it was crazy but i just wanted to get the uh... the conversation word out
and try to you know okay i was the nice conversation with you
have a great day
oh no even now that that sound is still on the words that come from all you know
where that's coming from
how do you like that
i was coming out i'm not going to say what was coming from because if i say
something about this one the missle disappeared to i won't have any left
no i'm not i'm not saying what was coming from it was just a year glitch
we got the time jick a thing also made it in there today or yesterday and time
jick in the tv book
got the story about that uh... worker at the catholic church
in sailor mass massachusetts molesting hundreds of boys not just a few
boys not just one or two
hundreds of boys ages five or fourteen
how do you like that
but at any rate another isolated incident of course
you're listening to the best of meal roger on five sixty q a
ab
that your dad's Jewish
uh...
i've had some
shootings
followed them
it's been
i've been sitting at the
far
all day
i'm getting so drunk
i can't see my face
i can't see
where will come me okay
no one was at the sheat
coming up on me
that'll lay on top of the floor
so we'll never be in that
drop the stuff i don't need to see
yes i'll make you mine
because i'm not a bitch
can i believe one of the jair
now will leave
nameless
yes
oh
Hey, we got one of our little rats from up back in those Panther rat days.
Remember those great days?
Scott Mellon being the rat in the whole deal and the throwing all the rats on the ice
neck and like a bunch of lunatics.
Well, we got one of those little plastic rats and Joe is thinking about it.
Maybe we'll have that for lunch.
I think we'll have Atlantic City subs instead, but at any rate.
So far, 15 votes.
I voted a million bucks.
See, I'd be a liar if I said to you.
And she probably should have said this before we started the poll.
I don't think you have to eat the whole rat.
Now, one fork full, I don't think that would be enough either.
But like, you know, a couple of four pulls and make a good pretence and then move on.
Barf your guts out like we just played that thing.
And then move on to the next course, like the fried simis.
Million bucks.
I would certainly do it.
Wouldn't you do it for million bucks?
Heck yeah.
You bet.
I do it for 5,000.
We got three already.
You said it wouldn't do it at any price.
Now, those must be people loaded with cash.
It must be multi-millionaires.
Liars.
Yeah, either that or it is full of crap.
See, well, when we do these surveys, they're anonymous.
Why can't you at least be honest, anonymously?
Huh?
We're just conversating with you here in an anonymous fashion.
Why can't you just be more honest about it?
Wouldn't do it for any price.
I'm not buying it.
Five people, 50 grand.
Three would do it for just a thousand bucks.
Sleppers, desperate.
I'm all with your price being.
Grand.
How much?
Probably 5,000.
Five grand.
Five grand.
That's not on here.
You can do it at any price.
Three, shut up.
A hundred thousand, two and a million bucks, two, so far.
This is a great poll.
This is one of the pressing issues of our times because it has to do with survivor.
And of course, that's really hot right now for about five minutes.
They're getting their 15-minute second to fame.
I still say if they put some good-looking young people out there on the island doing
a little hoochie-coochie, maybe a combination of survivor and road rules on days when they
finally had somebody who looks good on it, which is in the distant past, but nevertheless,
these network people, even MTV, doesn't kid it.
You know, they think they get it, but they don't.
What this shows that we watch here every day, I'm sure there must be one on now and then
we got that other, that Cisco show coming up at 11 or no more people on the beach.
While people on the beach, young people on the beach would little close on.
That's a good start, but hot-looking young people on the beach.
That's what we want to see.
Not a bunch of ugly shfarts.
If you're going to put shfarts on it, I just said that for Robert Steinberg's benefit.
Okay.
Not a bunch of ugly Cubans.
See that.
There you go.
Just for Robert Steinberg.
Making a real nice living, ripping Cubans in blacks.
You know, Robert, you're so pathetic.
This is the same guy who a couple of years ago, he was going to go on Waxie to do a talk show
at night on Waxie 790 on that money station that sounds like it's coming through a pile of
shmit.
And he was really going to show you how to do a talk show.
He was going to reinvent the whole talk show game.
He was going to solve the problems of this community.
He wasn't going to be rooting up not just, blah, blah.
He was on there for about five minutes.
That was the end of that show.
So your intentions are good, Robert, but does the word naïve ring any bells with a sweetheart?
You can't go on a radio with some stupid-ass talk show and change the world.
Take it from somebody who knows.
So when Tom Jic is a TV radio column here today, and his question is in answers, Q&A,
here's a question.
Neo Rodgers and Hank Goldberg are brilliant broadcasters.
However, they are rude, arrogant, and impatient to callers who disagree with them.
Sensitivity training could be in order.
Why does WQA and allow this?
R-A in Pompeville Beach asks.
Tom says allow it.
Management encourages it.
It keeps you tuned in.
Doesn't it?
Sensitivity training could ruin their careers.
There's nothing worse than a bland talk show, or maybe one thing, a bland Q&A column.
Nice going there, Tom.
And by the way, he's also got Tony Cigarette was picture up there and he sucks Tony's
ass in this column.
Like I said, Tom, nobody's perfect.
Somebody says how long can WTVJ channel six continue to have Tony Cigarette was an
anchor.
He has the personality of a mummy.
He makes Jennifer fallopian Jackie Nesbrow look bad.
And what are their ratings stink?
Where have you gone Ralph Renek?
Towards Tom says WTVJ and Tony Cigarette probably have another 20 years or so together.
Oi!
You're in tabli or opinions, but I don't agree with any of them.
By the way, WTVJ's ratings don't think all things considered.
They're pretty strong.
Says Tom.
And by the way, go back to that thing about how brilliant Hank and I are and Ruden Irrigan.
I'll give you a classic example.
Friday, I had that broad call in the detail woman, the one that sells drugs, the pharmaceuticals
to doctors and gives me a son of an aunt of a, all doctors would never prescribe a drug
that you don't need or that, yeah.
All weekend long, I kept thinking about that because you're all boring it is here.
All weekend, I kept thinking about that bitch and that call.
Because I know we have a lot of detail people who listen to this show, like little Joanne
a lot about this, who sell drugs to doctors and give them the free trips and free TVs and
everything else to induce them to a pedal as much prescription as they possibly can.
Because that's the business that they're in, sweetheart.
You bitch.
God of that call, fist me off.
So for RA and pop it all beach, which I think RA stands for like real asshole, that's
what RA stands for.
We're not only rude to people who deserve to be rooted too when we're conversating on
them.
That's right.
That's the way it works.
Wait till I get to this thing about the molestations and Salem, Massachusetts.
That's a great story.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Robert's time back to total asshole.
Is he an asshole?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, you know him?
No, I read his column.
I mean, I don't think he ever has a good column.
He's way, way.
No, no.
Over the years, the last incident, during a whole alien thing, he had a couple columns and
there made some sense and I read them on the air.
I said, nice going to Robert.
Never wants to be acknowledged.
Which I don't expect anybody to acknowledge, but never mentioned my name before.
But now all of a sudden, because I took a shot at a crappy column last week, now he takes
a shot of me in his column yesterday.
I saw obvious, so transparent.
Let me pose a question to you Neil.
If this was a Samuel Brazil kid was white, would you think that out?
Do you think he ever would have wrote that column?
Never would have even written it last Thursday.
Never even wrote a column about the first place.
Well, to me, that's a total asshole.
Right.
I mean, he's very unobjective.
He's, this guy is, that article pissed me off so bad that I ran into a guy.
It's probably cursing out.
Would you?
Yeah, I mean, it was just disgusting.
This guy.
Would you say, what kind of a dumb spartan are you?
Would you say that?
I'd probably, I mean, I'd probably say something worse.
What kind of an effing dumb spartan are you?
Probably worse.
What kind of an asshole are you?
Probably worse.
OK.
Another thing is, I didn't listen last week, but it's good that those judges and water
they'll made the right decision with the Swinger's Club.
Not only good, they made the right decision, but I think the taxpayers are going to start
getting really, really tired of having their money wasted, trying all of these then,
the pleasure police going in there.
Go arrest some real criminals and stop by with the crap.
Exactly.
I love you, Neil.
Amen.
There he goes.
Although, Joe says you will find some hardened criminals in those swing clubs.
He knows.
Yeah.
First hand experience.
For DeFo there, the end-doin is show of solo all morning long on the worst team.
Joe's back is giving out.
And of course, Gia, he's off on his honeymoon.
Counting all the cash from that wedding.
See that thing with the wedding and the whole business.
Joe and I were talking about that before the show this morning.
I don't understand that.
People were, I mean, when you work with somebody, unless you're, unless you socialize with
them, unless you're personally a friend, see there are people that you work with, but
it doesn't mean that they're your personal friends.
In fact, Hank was talking out loud about that last Thursday.
I'm thinking to myself, or for whatever day it was.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
Why should you buy him a wedding gift and why should you show up at that wedding?
While he was invited, I guess he felt he had a beater.
But in the server, right, they sat him at the same table with Rimmer.
You know, like that.
And Rimmer has it that while Hank wasn't looking, Rimmer reached over and ate half a
Hank's food.
It's what I'm hearing.
That's the Rimmer I'm just hearing.
Don't I make a good point?
Why would you show up at somebody's wedding if you're not their friend just because you work
with him?
Show face.
Show face?
Is that Mike real or are you, is it me?
Huh?
How's that better?
A little bit better.
Show face.
Give face?
So maybe some of the people who are with the wedding on Saturday were there to give him
a good face.
I don't know what they were there for.
I don't understand.
He's a good kid.
I wish him all the best in the world that I give him a gift.
No.
I'd never even had a goddamn peanut butter and jelly sandwich with him.
Why would I go to his wedding?
I wasn't invited in the first place because he knew I wouldn't show up.
If he thought I would show up, he would invite him because he knew we'd get probably a
versed-meanable big gift.
Would I have gone?
No.
Oh, he's a good kid.
He's an over-cheater.
Hi, honey.
Guess what I did today?
He even went French in two hours.
Jesuato Nemore.
Moonshire in Joledo.
He is.
Until I got him hooked on the vine.
Ever since I got him hooked on the vine, he hasn't left the house.
He's a baby chairworm.
He's become a total slut.
Oh, and foreign languages?
Honey.
Just call 1-800-B-O-N-G-H-I-T to get hooked on Bungie.
You'll be glad you'd be here.
Now I'm the over-achiever.
Honey, I want to put my albos today.
Cool.
Getting my husband hooked on Bungie.
Works for me.
Here's the fact that I have a friend who's a doctor in Cambodia where many people eat rat.
However, they draw the line at city rat versus country rat.
Country rat being the preferred cuisine with city rat being considered inferior.
Now what's going to happen with CBS if these rats are out there to have a rat eyes?
Huh?
How are they going to know?
Are they going to test them for disease before these people eat them?
Of course not.
They're going to catch them.
They're going to stick them on the thing.
They're going to roast them on the spit or whatever the hell they are.
How they roast them over the fire.
And they're going to eat them.
Wouldn't that be something?
If CBS with his big but answer theirs that they're having a survivor piece of crap,
lines of getting sued for millions and millions because a bunch of people got really sick
or maybe died for eating poison rat.
Or maybe start running around like in a rabbit condition when they start conversing with each other.
I think after this plan, I think it would be a good time to debut the beast and his new smash hit.
Our very own beast.
This one, and then all you people know how a stoner's be here.
You know, real high.
Especially after brownies.
Look at that pot of glorious and the ancient idol is curious.
So I asked them out for some cannabis from people who are known to buzz.
My friends love the pot every day, even now we just can't stop one day.
We've been so up for the top.
We're going to bake side hooking up.
Say I plant my seeds.
See?
For my weed.
We can make sure we're free.
Bring it free.
Just roll it again and say I plant my seeds.
See?
For my weed.
We can make sure my bones.
Let me smoke.
Have fun.
All right.
Say you do.
That farm, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
I love it when I smoke the bombs.
Just like she can choke.
Yeah, yeah.
That farm, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
Look at that pot of glorious and the ancient idol is curious.
So I asked them out for some cannabis.
They just smoke people who are known to buzz.
My friends love the pot every day, even now we just can't stop one day.
We've been so up for the top.
We're going to bake side hooking up.
Say I plant my seeds.
See?
For my weed.
We can make sure we're free.
Bring it free.
We're going to roll it again and say I plant my seeds.
See?
For my weed.
We can make sure we're free.
For my bones.
Let me smoke.
Have fun.
Say you do.
That farm, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
I love it when I smoke the bombs.
Just like she can choke.
Yeah, yeah.
That farm, the bomb, bomb, bomb.
Take some of that.
Yeah, pass it right over here.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Recorded live.
I'm the job here in a studio by the Beast.
I hear it.
Number one with two bullets.
Next one, Beast.
I'm Tonya.
He won't be here long.
He's moving on up to the big time now.
Any minute, you can smell it.
Look at his phone here this morning.
Boy, there's of course a Monday in the middle of the summertime.
And you wonder why I'm getting the hell out of here for two and a half months.
What about the people like over the West Coast, didn't they?
Four Mayors and Port Charlotte and all those other glacier places?
You think they go somewhere in the summer?
No, where the hell are they going to go?
Maybe they move up to Venice, not Italy, Florida.
You know, Englewood, like the guy called on Friday.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's back here for this over.
Sorry.
I'm sorry, you'll like that show, though.
What's there to like about it?
All right.
I kind of get into it.
About why?
What's there to like?
I figured you get into the road.
What's you guys usually doing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You guys.
See what I'm saying?
The people that are watching that show desperate.
Can't even give me a real reason why he likes it.
They don't have any gerbils on that show.
Sorry.
People on Halondale, I guess you have to find a new show.
Something a little older.
Here's the mobile and crawl gerbils.
Hello.
Yeah, this is Bill.
Neil.
What are you agreement about, Bill?
I have a project on you.
What?
I hate to change the project.
Yeah.
But I got my telephone bill yesterday.
Yeah.
You have to be a street PA or a goddamn lawyer.
Yeah, well, Bill, let me just say this to you, Bill.
Just pay the damn thing and quit your belly, I can okay.
Nobody wants to hear some old fart.
110 years old.
Belly, I can about your goddamn phone bill.
Do we care about bills, phone bills?
No.
No, we don't care about your, just pay it and don't worry about it.
God, how many times have I told you the things that people like to pet people that are all worried about rat rights?
Lower kids are shooting their teachers, punks are going nuts in the streets and we're worried about the rights of rats and this guy's got a damn phone bill.
Thank God we got our priorities, our heads on straight.
81 people have voted so far.
How much would it take you to get a rat, a roasted rat?
$50,000, $24, say, loan me $50,000.
$24, say $50,000.
$18, they'll do it for just a grand desperate.
Six day, you know, I should have probably started with 50 bucks.
100 grand, 15 people said that and a million bucks, 15.
15 people are that pushy like me, it would take a million to eat roasted rat and eight people are liars.
They say we wouldn't do it at any price.
You know something, that's crap.
Everybody has their price.
Everybody has their price.
Like how much would it take you to have sex with Al Goldstein?
See now you're shaking your head.
Yes, I am, I'm asking that quite a lot.
There's no price.
Now in my case, there is no price.
I would not touch him with your hand.
I wouldn't give that close.
I have a good life now.
I don't make tons of money but $50 million.
No.
They have sex with Al Goldstein.
Just for him to do you, not for you to reciprocate.
No freaking way.
A hundred million dollars.
No freaking way, you're wasting your time.
A billion dollars.
I have a nice house, I have a Jacuzzi, I'm very happy.
A billion dollars.
What's the point?
No.
No.
How about if you had like a mask on?
You're barking up the road.
Okay.
Well, I can relate, I understand, because the thought of it is rather, how about Ron Jeremy?
Oh, same difference.
Here's a lady mobile at Homestead.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, $15 million.
Where do I sign up?
Yeah, exactly.
Either one of them.
I don't care.
Here's our first honest person of the day.
Okay.
Let me talk about the rat thing.
I've never watched that show.
I have no interest.
But I do work in a wildlife rehabilitation center where we work with birds of prey and we feed out rats and bunnies and, you know, the occasional hamster or whatever shows up.
And it really is funny to me.
I don't think it would, I do it for a thousand.
I mean, depending on how hungry I was.
I don't see anything wrong with it.
I mean, yeah, they're probably disease.
But I think a lot of the cows and chickens we eat are disease.
You know something I was just going to say that it's amazing how brainwashed we become.
If you ever see on TV when they show the exposés about the meat packing places and they show all that grotesque and they're scraping the stuff off the carcass and it's falling on the floor.
And you say to yourself, I'll never eat meat again.
And that lasts about one day and then the next day you go out and get your hamburger or your steak.
They say that reptiles have salmonella but I got news for you.
They feed chicken parts to reptiles.
That's where the salmonella is and the chicken parts.
In the chicken.
Oh, yeah.
Watch out for those chickens.
Yeah.
You remember the movie interview with a vampire?
No.
Okay. There was a scene in there where Tom Cruise sliced the neck of a rat and poured the blood into a glass and gave it to Brad.
And we had a lot of life center movie day and we went to see this movie and we were laughing hysterically and people were wretching all over the theater.
First we're sick and twisted but you know I can't see getting upset.
I mean a giant giant a giant rat suit.
Yeah.
That's pushing it a little pito.
People for the ethical treatment of rats.
We want ethical treatment for rats, mosquitoes, TT flies.
You can't get ethical treatment of people.
I can't see ethical treatment of animals.
Yeah, but we don't have any such organization.
That's true.
You better get your priorities straight.
I know.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Check's in the mail.
Yeah. See she's on it.
She'd do it for five minutes.
She'd screw out gold scenes for like 50,000 I guess.
Yeah. You know, these people I've been and like I said, we're brainwashed including me.
We're all conditioned to it.
Oh, nice juicy steak.
I love a great steak.
I love a great cheeseburger.
How can that like cheeseburger and cheeseburger?
How can it not like it?
Just don't show us what went into a bringing it to that condition that it reached us.
Okay.
Don't show us anything that happened before.
Same with the chickens.
Nice chicken breast.
Oh, saute chicken breast with some good crap on it.
You know, mmm, delicious.
Melt in your mouth.
Along with a salamander.
Along with the other disease crap you're putting in there.
Here's Evan Shura. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I don't understand these people of Peter.
How can they know what an animal is thinking?
Yeah.
Hi personally.
If I was hungry enough, I would eat the rest.
Yeah, sure.
And a necessity to survive.
No, not how about a little mouse.
Not a little mouse.
You wouldn't kill a mouse.
Well, there would be enough data to feed a person.
Yeah. Maybe just for a snack.
Yes.
Appetizer.
Right.
But if I was an idiot, I would eat a russet wrap.
And I wish I was going to work on a vacation.
You have a good time.
Okay, thanks.
How about the people that eat a venison, for example?
Then I'm always busting their balls about going out and shooting the band being able to kill them a nice little deer.
I mean, how could you kill a deer?
Look how cute it is.
But the fact is that since the beginning of time,
when man has been killing animals, then the end of the fall men, they eat mostly meat.
Meat.
They eat it raw.
And here we are, all these years later.
And there's still got people out there eating it raw.
How about, like, what do they call that stuff?
That, um, beefloat.
No, not beefloat.
I'm talking about when you eat that raw meat.
What do they call that stuff?
Not sushi.
No, not sushi.
Oh, that's...
Oh!
Ah!
Don't even get me started with that.
No meat that's like uncooked.
What the hell that it's like almost raw?
They slice it real thin.
They say, oh, god.
How can you do that?
How can you be doing that?
I'm just conversating with you about that.
It's amazing the things that people will put in their mouths, you know what I'm saying?
Here's Poppato, hell.
Neo.
We could turn green, for example.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy, did you see the thing on E last night with the John Holmes story?
No.
They had the whole thing about it.
Is he still dead, by the way?
Yeah, I believe so.
I'm not dead.
He's still dead in another country, but I thought it was pretty interesting.
Yeah, he actually was hanging out down in Miami Beach there for some time, I guess, with...
Down to his ankles, what I'm hearing.
A little 15-year-old tramp, he was running around with, I don't know.
But anyway, I thought it was pretty interesting, the whole thing.
And I guess he wasn't involved in the murders, but he was kind of set the whole thing up, so...
Whatever, for what it's worth.
Well, he's dead now, so I guess that'll teach him a lesson.
We all move up a notch.
Exactly.
All right.
Thanks.
By the way, speaking of moving up a notch against the Scum of the Earth, Salem, Massachusetts,
calling it possibly the largest single child abuse case in Massachusetts history,
Essex District Attorney Kevin Berksett yesterday, a Middleton man who has worked with youth
at a Catholic church in a YMCA, may have molested as many as 250 boys
in communities north of Boston.
Christopher Reardon.
Why do they always have names like that?
Christopher Reardon, 28, a member of a well-known Middleton family, was to reign this week
on charges of molesting two boys.
There's no fact in the church.
The case has expanded dramatically since then, Berksett, although Reardon has not been
charged with any additional crimes yet.
Reardon's lawyer refused to comment on the allegations, but accused Berkett of inflaming
emotions in the case.
Berksett, while searching Reardon's home this week, investigated a scandalist of 250 names
of boys ranging in ages from 5 to 14.
Berksett, that notes were found next to most of the names, offering detailed descriptions
of the children's genitalia and how Reardon had allegedly molested them.
In addition, Berksett police found a video at the suspects home showing Reardon and one of his
alleged victims masturbating.
The District Attorney said that tape was recorded using a camera in the ceiling of the rectumry
of St. Agnes Church in Middleton, where Reardon was youth ministry's coordinator.
The scope of the case has increased so much with the discovery of the list that investigators
have asked concern parents to call a toll-free state police hotline and attend a meeting
Tuesday to talk about whether their child may have been molested.
How do you like that?
There's no fact in the church.
Another isolated incident that we just mentioned in passing the course.
Like Lee J. Cobb said in the exorcist, I just mentioned it in passing father Perinoia.
God, was that a great movie or what?
Lee J. Cobb, was he great?
You see the exorcist of course?
Of course.
Okay. Just checking.
Over-gonna the NASDAQs in positive territory.
You know what that means, boys and girls, time to call your broker and bye-bye-bye!
Yeah.
Stake tartar.
Stake tartar.
Thank you whoever called her with that information.
Stake tartar.
We ought to do a poll on that, which is the most disgusting.
Head cheese, steak tartar or sushi.
Which makes you start gagging and puking.
Fastest.
Oh, sushi. Just to look at it.
First of all, I don't like fish to begin with even cookfish.
But just to look at sushi, it looks like there's like eyeballs staring back at you in there.
I mean, what is that?
Eggs.
People do eat caviar.
Whether it knows what's up in there, they think it's a great eating caviar.
Oh, remember that baseball guy with a dodger's preacher row?
My mind is mciccaw.
You're listening to the fest of Neil Rogers on 5'16wpam, Miami World Lauderdale.
It's safe in Miami town.
At 5'16w, WQA.
He's having a bunch of apples.
Or can you see that they're safe?
They don't swim on their wlinks.
I don't know why some people will say.
I don't know whether it's that.
I don't do go.
I do you dare.
That was so cute while down there.
It's like you've got your back straight down.
The nature does pour anywhere.
I don't do go.
And then I'm free.
I'll let you throw a call to you like you feel.
Like the tires on your socks.
They feel the same.
And the love goes on in food.
Or until the top six sequins too.
It's her that takes that fate.
Those rubbery mothers in play.
Some guys say that they like it that way.
But I just dare a dust man.
Why they might spill fake by mother and babe.
And buy products for free.
I don't care what others say.
I can't stand this way.
They look that way.
The way you are is the ugly song.
Don't get me off.
I don't mind if they hang down.
As long as I can be close in my mouth.
And when I cover up him.
I want my hand on the same song.
And when I cover up him.
I don't mind if I'm the same song.
I'll be a student.
I'll play the tubo.
All right.
Be on the auto-bomb.
That is the problem.
Go to the doctor.
You may be happy that I know.
This be my tutor.
This be my tutor.
But people don't make it day.
I killed my teacher.
He was an accident.
I killed my teacher.
I killed my teacher.
I killed my teacher.
I killed my teacher.
What are we going to do about that for 13-year-old honors?
We need to give him more alternatives.
Which hand are we going to pull the switch with?
Maybe in his...
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
The lethal injection.
You know lobster is the rat at a seat, don't you?
You know lobster is the rat at the seat.
That's right.
It's a blaze or it's like a catfish.
People do eat catfish.
and everybody knows catfish are like bottom feeders right?
They're nasty.
Yeah.
Hey, Nail, keep it up and the good work till the bottom feed.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, people eat catfish and in fact like in Louisiana.
Maybe that's why there's no dumb in Louisiana because they eat too many catfish.
Those bottom feeders, you know what catfish you don't you?
I don't want to say Schmidt on the ear.
That's what they eat.
Yeah, I can always keep you aquarium nice and clean if you have a whole bunch of catfish
and they're like, they just grow around the edges and down along the bottom and they eat anything.
Kind of like rimmers, long as it's free.
Here's Chicago.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Down in Guatemala at Teacon National Park, I was here a couple of years ago and we went to a restaurant
and a little town where the air strip was and we had these tacos and the tacos.
I looked at the meat and it was kind of brown.
I wasn't like chicken.
They said it was chicken.
Turned out, they used rad extensively down there.
And when it tasted like chicken?
Tasty, just like chicken.
What about Kenya?
It wasn't bad at all and after I tossed, when I looked at the place, you know.
My wife ate it and the two people we were with ate it and they'll problem it all.
I mean, they're down there.
They said it was chicken so I'm thinking I'm looking around.
There's a chicken within 100 miles.
So they used it extensively down there and it was as long as I didn't see it cut up and flayed.
It was fine.
So what are you going to do?
You take care, buddy.
Okay, thanks.
How about...
Radar, gun.
Yeah, we rad everyday.
Rad.
Oh, my track marks it.
Show up and skin that rat.
Wait a minute.
There is another way.
Radaroni.
Radaroni.
That's right.
Radaroni.
The Chicago Ghetto Tree.
Kids, rats on.
Mmm, I mean, this rat is good.
Yeah, the ancient gun real good.
Fast to crack tight.
Radaroni.
The Chicago Ghetto Tree.
How's the end of it?
You have to be the... that's the obvious question.
Of course, a lot of guys have asked that before.
How's the only have to be before you put this in your mouth.
135 people already have cast their hosts on it.
So, rat thing.
$50,000 seems to be the winner so far.
40 say they would do that's almost 30% for 50 grand.
They would either roast it rat.
They didn't say winner without relish.
$1000, 27, which is tied with the million dollars.
How do you... look at that.
Does that show you how dumb the thousand-th-dollar people are?
I don't want to say to any of you people are a little bit dumb.
But for quite a lot of...
27 of us said for a million bucks and 27 said for a thousand bucks.
See, you're selling yourselves short.
Sell in yourself short.
Don't take the smaller amount.
Take the bigger amount, okay?
100 grand, 22 people said that.
And we got 19 people or a full of it.
Either a full of it or loaded with cash.
19 people say they wouldn't do it at any price.
14%.
One out of seven.
They wouldn't need roasted rat no matter how much you pay them.
These are probably the same people that they eaten like chocolate covered ants
and didn't know it.
How much chocolate covered ants?
Would you eat that?
Yeah, I tried.
Sure.
In fact, what are the kind of insects that they have like caterpillars?
Don't people eat roasted caterpillars?
Grasshoppers, I thought.
Grasshoppers, that's another good one.
Chocolate covered grasshoppers.
There are some people that they don't cover and would like chocolate.
But when you come right down to it, almost anything in chocolate is pretty good.
How about covering a...
Chocolate, try that.
Chocolate covered cockroaches.
Tommy says he's had.
Tommy has eaten.
Was that our Tommy or that Tommy Green?
I'm sure Tommy Green is eaten because he'll eat anything.
Well, he says he hasn't eaten and he just knows it.
Well, don't get hostile with us about it.
Jesus Christ, come in and...
Just calm down Tommy.
Yeah, we believe you.
Well, that's why he looks like that.
So, make sure that he's on a diet of what is it?
Chocolate covered one?
Squirrel?
Now, people do eat squirrel with no problem at all.
People live on the country to go on shoot a nice cute little squirrel
and talk about rabbis.
Man, those things are loaded with disease.
Squirrels.
I would think a squirrel might be equally...
In fact, the squirrel is just a rat with a tail when you come right down to it with a big-bushy tail.
They're much cuter.
But they are a lot cuter. That's correct.
Here's how I lay it where they have a lot of rats.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
One of them is a mayor. Yes, sir.
Yeah. Do you know that steak tart tart spelled back what is rat rat?
Okay.
Here's plantation. Hello?
Ah!
And back to you.
I've got to leave the lunches coming back up on him.
Here's Hollywood. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple years ago, I couldn't sleep.
I got up about two o'clock in the morning, turned on a TV and they got a documentary on there
and black and white with no sound except the actual sounds of a slaughterhouse in New Jersey.
Oh, nice.
I want to tell you something.
If you ever want to stop eating meat, you watch something like this.
They got the cattle walking up the gang plank.
They electrocute them.
They put a chain around their neck, drag them up while they're still semi-alive.
They split them down with a chainsaw.
All this crap falls out there.
Some of them are full of boils and cancer and tools.
And that stuff all gets mixed in.
You're eating all of that stuff.
And then at the end of the day, they show these guys with these huge brooms
who are sweeping up the floor.
Yeah, I'm in.
They make maloney out of that stuff.
Yeah.
So it's all in the marketing.
What do you think the market dog crap and you eat it?
And can you imagine what's in the hot dog?
The stuff that's not even going to balloon it goes into the wears.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know where you're going to be eating over in Copenhagen, but I hope it's better
on what you're eating here.
Okay, thanks.
How about an Amsterdam?
You know something I think this guy convinced me.
I'm going off meat.
After lunch today, that's it.
How are you going to do addkins without eating meat?
Who said, what's the the addkins?
I thought you've been doing addkins as much as I can.
I'm doing pretty well, but too much meat.
Although in the end of the film, that eight meat.
Look how big.
She'd be back in those days.
There wasn't any cancer.
There weren't all these diseases running around.
Back when the end of the film, and we're eating the meat, that was before when God decided to give us all these diseases.
And you know, like mad cow disease, stuff like that.
Hi, this is Larry King.
And they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
There wasn't no farmer who lived on a rock.
He said in the middle just shaking his hip that some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the water there ends on their marbles and play things and that half-fat war.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spit.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rescue similiar from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye to the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her from lightly, she'd show him her little betdog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tapy made of butter sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go fuck yourself.
Another shot and what's the deal for cost of it?
I'm in bed with my wife and all I need to make it perfect is some delicious cider from old farmer peckering.
Farmer peckering cider is the finest anywhere.
In fact, I try to have my peckering cider every morning.
Although having some peckering cider in the afternoon is always a nice treat too.
Sometimes I had my favorite liquor to it and I can have some hard peckering cider.
Mmm, that's nice.
So, you're looking for that special something.
Why not get some peckering cider for yourself?
Hey, hey, hi, I'm Spike.
You know, when I'm driving down Routin W on a hot summer day, me and the Mrs. Always Stop the Dickens.
Dickens fruit stain.
They've got everything from fruit to vegetables, homemade past, but there is nothing like their cider.
Ain't that right, honey?
Uh-huh. Dickens cider.
Yes, sir.
Why, even though we were late in the church last Sunday, she had to have a little dickens cider.
She says the ring of the black.
Even my minister says this is why I've been doing a little dickens cider now and then.
Hey, why don't you bring some home that are protective plastic rib bottles?
That way it'll stay fresh.
Or you can lick it set a wild and have some hard dickens cider.
Mmm, it's good at lunch, good at dinner, and there's nothing like waking up with a dickens cider.
Dickens fruit stain.
Just off Routin W and cut through Routin 69.
Open 24 hours.
Because I have to run.
Chill is summer night.
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot dickens cider.
Mmm.
You know, that might be a good thing for us to know.
And I'm going to be telling you, forget what do you like.
What do you prefer better, pecoran cider or dickens cider?
So Tom Jicker writes on page 21, A, in the sunset of this morning,
headline is Castro could teach local TV a thing or two.
Tom says that all Castro might be a despicable person and an ineffectual leader,
but he's a better news director than the people making calls in the Miami Forlorn or the LTV market.
It took an ingenious gambit by the Cuban tyrant to force the local TV stations to acknowledge
that there was an other side of the alien Gonzalez controversy.
Since the Star Cross juncture was rescued at sea on Thanksgiving Day,
the rhetoric on newscast has been couched in the inflammatory black and white
of whether the boy stays in the US or has returned to his communist homeland.
This makes it easier to pan into a way sliver of the audience.
It's not so easy when the second alternative presented as alien being reunited with his father.
Until Castro trumped a militant segment of the ex-occupied late Wednesday night
by announcing that aliens father was willing to come to the US to pick up his son,
the local TV stations were conducting businesses usual.
Lowery Jennings open channel 7's late news guest by trumpeting thousands of Cubans rallying
along Kayaocho in a massive show of support for alien Gonzalez.
Since when do you show support for a child by demonstrating against him being with his father?
Diana Diaz said the people in the streets were hoping alien will be able to stay in the loving arms of his Miami family.
That would be cousins and aunts and uncles which Diaz apparently as some way of knowing
are more loving than the arms of a father.
Julia Yarber of channel 6 put him more accurately perhaps unintentionally when she said
the crowd was expressing faith that the dispute would end the way they wanted it to end.
Isn't that what this is really all about?
In any case today's really big story was treated as an afterthought.
It wasn't what was happening on southwest 8th Street at that quarters by an S in Washington or Havana.
It was the outrageous defiance of more than 20 mayors led by Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penga Pakenia
who declared they would ignore the oaths of office to uphold the law of the land.
This was no different than the George Wallis standing in the schoolhouse doorway
because he knew it would be politically expedient to take a stand against integration.
In effect the mayors were giving tacit permission for hooligans to react violently
to any decision with which they didn't agree.
This per WPBT channel 5 which has the comfort of watching the Shenenigans from a distance
to launch a pull on Thursday night asking its viewers whether federal troops would be sent in to keep order in Dade County.
Of course this isn't how it was presented on most TV newscast.
Angela Ray, crazy Angela Ray of WFOR channel 4, was typical in describing the mayors stand as a show of solidarity for what?
Anarchy?
Even though there was footage of the president of the U.S. gently scolding panelists of fellow Democrat,
only WTBJ aggressively went after the delirium of duty angle.
Tony Segredo led into the element of the story by pointing out the harsh criticism panelists was facing outside Miami
and Ike Siemens pursued a follow-up interview in which panelists no longer playing to a crowd
backed off slightly from his belligerence.
WTBJ's bravada when taking on this aspect of the story could have been fortified by a pull the station conducted
in which 65% of the respondents said the INS was corrected issuing an ultimatum to Aliens' Miami Guardians.
A similar pull on WFOR showed a smaller majority 51% expressing similar feelings.
In light of these opinions of the audience as a whole, as opposed to a small coterie of strident voices,
it's astonishing that the TV stations continued to tilt the reporting as much as they do.
It's also revealing that not one anchor or corresponded on any station note of the irony of Castro's new position.
In announcing that Aliens' father would be allowed to come to the U.S., the Cuban President indicated that Aliens' Cuban family would stay in America until U.S. courts issued a final decision.
In other words, the vile dictator declared a willingness to abide by the laws of our land.
This is something local politicians and those harboring Aliens have refused to do.
It would be interesting, paradox for TV correspondents to oppose the Panellas and Aliens' relatives.
It won't be, of course, because there's no upside. There are no Nielsen meters in Castro's household.
Nice going there, Tom Jicke.
How do you like that?
So you have to really look. You have to search. Get a search party to find beside Neil Rogers on this radio station and Tom Jicke.
And maybe you wanted to other people in this town who got the balls to publicly express their revolts and discuss with what happened a couple of days ago with Mayor Penga-Pakania.
And unfortunately, the INS, federal government, they keep dragging their feet and they had their meeting again yesterday.
And now because of scheduling problems, maybe they have some leftover home and touch from forum that they're getting together to eat.
They have to wait until Monday morning. And soon after the polls have extended until 9 o'clock Tuesday morning. And it goes on.
But at least a peaceful weekend anyway.
Thanks.
Neil God!
Panell God. A peaceful weekend.
Now, Enrique Fernandez's column, which is right about Tom Jicke, ex-al reaction must be taken in context.
No!
No! Unacceptable. There's always an excuse for the inexcusable. And the business about being passionate, there are every ethnic group in this country is passionate about something.
Every religious group, every atheist group, every group is passionate about something that doesn't excuse the refusal to obey the law or try to make up their own rules as they go along.
And at the end of this obnoxious article Enrique Fernandez says, a little Havana is not a community of flag burners or drapped dodgers, but Cuban Americans retain a passionate loyalty to Cuba, one that except in cases like this they feel is never in conflict with their American royalty. Well, guess what?
Loyalty.
Guess what? Wrong.
Unless, of course, he means by cases like this, the stuff that happens every couple of weeks with Los Van Van and the incident with the Coast Guard and on and I never ever ends.
And don't play that communist music. Stop it.
Except in cases like this, which they decide as we go along, as they go along.
When we wanted to have the God damn, the Olympic, the Junior Olympics, whatever the hell it was, whatever they call that crap. Pan American games. No, we can't have that.
When we wanted to have the God damn, Melatin Grammys here, can't have that here. I have to move it to LA because you got Cuban performers in it, like that crap that you were just going to play.
Don't do it.
And Rika, for now, this goes on to say Cuba and now I will take the liberty of speaking in the first person plural is our mother.
Yamama, the U.S. has adopted us. The latter we will defend the death. The former may be the death of us, but our law for it is a fire that no one and nothing can put out.
As if that has anything to do with what's going on here, with obeying the law and with holding an entire county hostage.
And by the way, the editorial as good as it was, the editorial in the Sun Central was very much an error in one respect.
And that is this business that the federal government is provoking the community to such an extended settlement so on, they will have violence.
Yes, what? That's baloney. That's garbage. That's caca. The federal government, this happened and thanksgiving that it came here, it is now the last day of March, December, January, February, March, four months plus that this saga has been playing out.
And now they even extended again until Tuesday morning so they can continue their dialogue, trying to convince Lazaro and his 85 attorneys and his 42 spokespeople that maybe they should cooperate and go along with the way that the Justice Department wants to implement the law.
So this crap, it's just an excuse. Well, we're unhappy with this, so therefore we're going to do a crazy thing.
Did you see the thing with the dump truck drivers? Yeah, the threat need to dump gravel on the roads to block off the roads. Gravity. Yeah, they're going to drop gravel.
That's beautiful. We're pissed off. We don't care about all the rest of you. Well, that's nothing new. We're used to that. That's why most of us with the brain live in Broward if we can.
But you know something here is an article I apologize for reading so much today, but there's just so much good material here that most of you aren't going to read and you do need to hear.
This article here, and I'll tie this right in with Enrique Fernandez's article, who's trying to make excuses, you see you're dealing with a group of crazy people.
That's what it is, crazy people. And if you need proof of that, wait till you hear this. This is very the little further inside by Meg Wothman in the Herald.
Religious symbolism linked to alien reaches new high. And here's a picture on the front door of the little Havana home where alien lives with his relatives opposed to reflex the fear on the street of saturday and designs on the boy.
And it says alien con elcio a crystal o throw slán y egan. Am I pronouncing that right? Nice going. And here's a picture of alien with the baby Jesus or whatever it is.
In Spanish, the words read alien knows Christ the others don't. Albert Odavela, a neighbor of aliens, relatives say the others are people in Cuba who believe in Santaria.
Religious symbolism linked to alien reaches new highs. The headline in this article, this is the best. God is on our side.
That was the message when the United the huge prayer vigil little Havana were the increasing religious mythology and fervor surrounding alien Gonzalez reached a new high as local Catholic priest and auxiliary bishop like in the 60 world child to Jesus.
In Cuba, some people have made alien a symbol of the new te gavara. So it's not unusual that some people in my near seeing him as the new Christ said the Reverend Gustavo Miade, so the macular conception church in Hylia, who is one of the organizers of the prayer vigil.
The tendency to turn the political controversy surrounding the child into religious symbolism began four months ago when the boy was tucked from the sea by fishermen and unconfirmed tail said dolphin circled around him keeping him safe.
This miraculous story paid the way for religious comparisons. Some compared the child's rescue to the tale of the drowning fishermen saved by La Cajada del Corre, the Virgin of Charity, the patron saint of Cuba.
Others like in the first greater to Moses, believing was put upon the ruling waters by his water's bias mother and rescued so they could eventually return to Cuba and lead his people that this Moses did.
Remember that expression mad as Moses remember that one? The religious fervor surrounding the child was further void by talk on the street that Pidel Castro must have the child to meet some conditions of his Santa Ria beliefs.
This rumor sir I'm going to I'm going to do the break because I got to come back to that it's too long. I don't want to interrupt myself once I get going this part. This is the best scrap yourselves in real tight and just start making the gruggling sounds.
And look around you maybe the Virgin Mary is on is on the window maybe she's on a mirror maybe she's sitting on the authority right now the Virgin Mary.
You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 QAM.
It's a Miami tell.
At 560 WQ.
Tired of the same old restaurants try the cafeteria Santoria, Malphalia.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail?
How much is that doggy on the menu?
I'm sure that the chef out of jail.
That's right no matter what the weather's like outside it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria Santoria of Malphalia.
We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing.
Talk about delicious mmm mmm your meal is always fresh. We kill it right on the premises.
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price it's the cafeteria Santoria. Try it once you'll eat there religiously.
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail?
Please bring me that doggy on the menu and bring a side order of cat.
Walk run or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria Santoria of Haya Lea where we give new meetings of the word pet food.
I got a great fax by the way from a guy named Gonzales a Cuban guy who's very eye rate but I'll get to that in a minute.
Getting back to this brilliant article.
It says the religious fervor surrounding the child was further boyed on the by talk on the street that Fidel Castro must have the child to meet some conditions of his Santoria beliefs.
This rumor surfaced after sister Gini Olaflin, the host of the boy and his grandmothers in late January, was given a note by Lancer Oganzales, the boy's great uncle, who asked her to pass it on to the grandmothers.
Olaflin who said she forgot to pass the noughton found it in her pocket after Lancer or alien on the grandmothers had left her house.
I was shocked by what it said. Olaflin said. The great uncle believed Castro would make a witchcraft sacrifice of alien and I became very worried about this.
Olaflin said her reversal of her neutral stance was partially provoked by the note and she told the attorneys for the Miami family about it.
Meanwhile, rumors spread on the street that the child would become Castro's Santoria sacrifice.
You starting to piece all this together now? A little bit better.
Yeah. According to the most repeated rumor, a Santoria priestess had warned Castro that he would be overthrown by a child saved by dolphins at sea.
Castro therefore had to get the child back in order to defuse the boy's potential power.
The Santoria rumors are ridiculous. The child was baptized as a Catholic and Cuba before he ever got here.
He would not go back and become something different, said Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches, who accompanied alien on grandmothers when they visited him.
But the belief that the savior child can only be saved from the underworld if he stays in Miami continues to rage on the streets.
See, that's what we're talking about. And we, Kifrenendis, we're talking about crazy people rubbing their rosary beads, informing the human cross and shining the flashlights up in the sky.
That's what we're talking about. Crazy green toothed people.
Last week an oily smudge appeared on a bank window near the Little Havana home where the child lives with his Miami relatives.
People gathered around at some weeping and calling it an apparition of the Virgin Mary who was showing herself they believed in support of the cross to keep alien on in Miami.
Then a few days later the apparition moved closer to home and a spot appeared on a mirror in the bedroom where the child sleeps.
It shaped resembling the Virgin of Guadalupe who was said to have shown herself to a Mexican peasant more than 400 years ago.
Outside the house, believe this way, it signs in Espanol to promote the idea that the alien saga is religious at its core.
One said, do not deliver alien to the Romans.
Another said, alien is Christ, Reno is Lucifer, Castro is Satan, and I thought he played for the Buffalo Sabers.
The audience says these religious connections to alien are a way for people to channel their grief and anger over 41 years of revolution.
This child is a way for them to envision resurrection for Cuba.
But the Roman Catholic Church isn't buying it at least not officially.
Nor is it pointing to abundant Catholic teaching that says the relationship of a parent to a child takes precedence over issues of state or religion suggesting the child could be returned to his father in Cuba rather than stay here.
Instead the art slices of Miami has taken no colon position, saying only that people should pray for alien and everyone involved with this future end of column.
So there's the column right there that everybody needs to have.
And take to the dead chicken on the outside of their door right under where the Mizzuzis sits on the door frame.
The crazy people, that's what we're talking about.
Crazy religious fanatics.
Now here comes this great facts from somebody named Gonzales, which I guess won't be a giveaway since we have half a million people named Gonzales or Rodriguez in this town.
Unfortunately listening to your show forces me to come become partly a professional Cuban says Mr. Gonzales, I find that most 70% of your callers originated from Broward County.
Would you agree with that that 70% no?
In fact yesterday I saw the calls that came from the Gables and Kendall and all kinds of places.
I'd say half and half.
But at any rate, I find it amusing that they complained about a couple of roads being blocked by Cuban protest in the city of thousands of roads.
And what is even funny is that this blockage doesn't anyway affect your Broward County callers.
Would you notice something? The last blockage we had when we had the antenna with a Coast Guard that got all these crazy religious nuts whipped up to a frenzy who won their own government within a government and foreign policy within a county.
The last time it seems to me that it weren't just a few side roads we're talking about the access to Miami Beach, the Julia Tuttle, the MacArthur Crosway that they had blocked off.
And it could have easily been people from Broward County or Palm Beach or Peoria whose lives may have depended on being able to get across that body of water to maybe have outside our hospital.
If they're alive, they've been having a heart attack or have been injured or shot or got to know what else.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah. And what is even funnier he says to the blockage like I said doesn't affect the Broward County callers.
Yet they call with such strong aggression. We both know their opinions have nothing to do with a couple of streets that have been blocked that obviously don't come in any way affected Davey plantation, Pemberpines or North Miami Beach.
I tend to Cornell University and most of my American friends are so very different than your callers. They have higher intelligence. They're very impressed in how well Cubans have done in the US.
Is obvious that the not well you know our audience. They're all more on don't you understand that Mr. Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. This is a listener.
They want to insult them. It is obvious that non Cuban South Florida community is using this alien issue to vent their frustration and be in jealousy that exists against the Cuban community in South Florida, how pathetic and petty he writes P E T I T, which is petite spelled wrong. How petty. I think is what you mean?
Mr. Gonzalez. Your callers want to send alien fact that because of any deep concern of reuniting alien with his father, but rather for all the wrong reasons, including non Cuban Hispanics want to send the child back simply because the kid is Cuban in in their eyes. Cubans get preferential treatment.
So what if he does the other Hispanics should get off their real fat rerans energy financial success like the Cuban said so they can lobby for the respective rights instead of whining about preferential treatment.
It is obvious any reasonable person that the other Hispanics in this community are very envious of the Cuban's economic success. Success story that has not been duplicated by any other Hispanic group anywhere in the US.
Some anglos in the community are just tired of hearing about hearing about Cuban don't want to see the Cubans get their way. I say too bad press the TV channel better yet don't watch so much TV and go read a book.
Personally, I begin to think that some anglos in the community are used to pushing minority groups around. Cubans are unlike most minorities in this country as Cubans have achieved economic success, have a significant professional class and are politically organized despite our small numbers.
Cubans are proven they can compete with anglos that work in in the classroom. I think it's quite admirable that we're fighting for what we believe in and what is right.
Unless you like to make it seem these protests are being done in a very peaceful manner. There were no fights, destructive private property, looting etc.
Unlike what you saw by anglos in Seattle just recently and the like what you see in a progen concert where there's an average of 40 arrests.
Every major politician in Florida including Governor Jeff Bush, Connie McEnvob, Graham have advocated that aliens should be allowed to go through the entire appeals process. In fact the next president of the US with a George Bush or Al Gore indicate the same.
Also if your callers ongoing are going to call about Cubans they really should do some research. They will find that Cubans fought for their independence.
Cubans exiles attempted to recapture Cuban in the Bay of Pigs. It is impossible to invade Cuba right now with the Mates of Farmy as Cuba's military forces significant.
Cuba before Castro was the most advanced country in Latin America and the Castro Revolution was a political and social revolution not an economic one.
Castro never made himself out to be a communist until after he took power. The CIA has attempted a year rid of Castro through more spots against his life. The US has attempted 40 years to economically strangle a regime in his failed and the Cuban exiles in the US economically and educationally upperformed the National average is in the US significantly.
Try to be objective and fear despite the fact that your audience faces mostly Anglo.
When you know the fact that the Cuban community has achieved all these things that he says it would seem that a little bit of gratitude would be in order.
Instead of slapping the rest of us in the face and always saying, well too bad, get off your fat ass and yadda yadda yadda yanja jealous instead of a crap like that.
And instead of trying to rationalize everyone unacceptable with behavior and threatening and holding the community hostage. Not just about alien, but about those band-banz and about the kill-scarred and everything about the god, the United States and the United States and the United States.
everything
everything here best to be based on
the threat of force if we piss off this group of militant so-called exiles it
is unfriken acceptable
three-level people of any background whether they're living dayed
broward palm beach a lack of accounting they got a bit of difference mr.
Gonzales
this is one of the most arrogant obnoxious fact is that ever received and
thank you for sharing your arrogance with us
you're listening to the fact that Neil Rogers on five-six feet Q-A-M
what up?
you're a wunger
hey
wow
hey guys where you fudge back in
kaka
whoop
listen what else what am I missing?
I want to bang in the butt honey
alright
I thought
christie
I was
fairy tale
yes
this religion thing was not for me
they held a big
suspension
let me
in for a
three
I don't like
what I was about to see
oh they were speaking in tongues
that may be a bellybutt
what kind of fun
to get out of high
it's about to be
speaking in tongues
they got people leaving
like some weird things from side to side
allegro
sliding
lickie
lago
vendora
and unhan
my tongue switches
of
what do I do
ill forgive me
now speak in tongues
but that may be a
and then having fun.
Stay in the mouth with time.
It's the baby Jesus.
We're out.
It's the birth of Eric.
It's the birth of Lucy.
It's the birth of Pete Pete.
14-4-11-5-60-WQ-L. I'm sitting at home,
I'm in my own business.
The phone rings yesterday afternoon and it's
Aero on the clock.
Our good friends and they say,
you're going to be there for while Mr. Rogers has said yes.
We have our driver who would like to deliver something to you.
Like 15 minutes later, there's an Aakka on the door
and they bring you a beautiful like a basket.
A Tisca de Tasca, all kinds of goodies in the basket.
What was it?
Good stuff.
A lot of which I shouldn't be, but nevertheless.
There was cheese and there were apples
and there were some of those good stuff.
Thanks, Lenny.
And a nice card in there too.
It's really, really nice.
Good people.
See there are some very nice people out there.
A friend of what's his name over at Randy Maltesch.
A big defense team every year.
He's one of the very few people that recognized my anniversary on March 1 every year.
Nice going to Randy.
So I just thought I would acknowledge that.
And also, I've forgotten to mention my close personal friend
from a beautiful mailboxes in Danya.
Sherry.
Sherry.
Balenci, yes.
Thanks, Sherry.
What a great job they do for me.
Thanks, sweetheart.
You're the best.
Beautiful mailboxes in Danya.
There's nobody better in the world.
I just noticed, by the way, in the front page of the same hero
that these other articles were in,
police helps your Danya reclaim the sun.
In the child custody,
if I closely watch because of its parallels to the Ilan Gonzalez case,
a Jordanian father took his two-year-old son away from the child's mother Thursday night
with the help of Miami-Dade police.
When police hesitated to carry out a court order in a company Ibrahim Shanti
to claim his son,
their legal office told him it was a court order they had no choice.
Police then responded by getting a break order,
permissioned to break down the door
if the mother refused to peacefully hand over the child.
The police involvement was in sharp contrast
to a vow by Miami County Mayor, Alex Penga-Pakena,
not to allow data officers to assist in immigration officials
if they attempt to remove Ilan from his uncle's home in Little Havana.
Juan Medieta, our former friend and spokesman for Penga-Pakena,
said the police presence of the mother's home was a normal procedure
and far different because the Ilan case is about a company,
on a company minor who reads the shores with a court
that basically been trying to determine who can speak for this child.
As opposed to this case where the Jordanian couple has gone through the appellate process
and exhausted the appellate thing.
Juan Medieta, of course,
who's one of these spokespeople and shields for Mayor Penga-Pakena.
How sad that is.
Good guy basically, but unfortunately he's got no choice.
That's his station in life.
That's what he's chosen to be, a parent on the shoulder of Mayor Penga-Pakena.
But just to go back one more time to that obnoxious facts from Mr. Gonzalez,
see, I am very objective because I have no answer,
and who could be more fair?
Right from the beginning, I've said I could make a really strong case
for the boy to stay here or the boy to go back with his father.
I could make a very eloquent great case either way.
I could have been a great attorney.
Trust me when I tell you.
Better than some I know.
That's right.
So I really don't care.
It is of no consequence to me whether he stays or goes back.
The only thing being, of course, that a lot of us who felt that way all along
have been really turned off because of the behavior of the so-called Miami family
and their attorneys and their public relations people and their political hacks.
And this community has to, we have to constantly suffer for this.
It's not just a couple of roads and it's not just one isolated incident.
It's people who want to live in a sane country, who want to live in the U.S. of A.
To want to live in a foreign country, believe me, I have a passport.
I go to foreign countries all the time, and there's a lot of good ones to choose.
I don't think he was one of them, but nevertheless go to whichever one you like.
And live in a foreign country.
This business that, well, just because we've been successful,
therefore we have the right to be arrogant and demand whatever the hell we want,
and in convenience, everybody else.
This is an obnoxious attitude.
So for you to send me a facts, giving me a lecture about my attitude,
I'm telling you right now, I guess not only is my audience stupid,
but all the people who watch Channel 6 must be stupid too,
and those 65% of the people in that poll and all the people nationwide,
80% and 90% of the people who think the boy belongs to this father,
they must be stupid and hate Cubans and be all the other things that you accuse me of being.
None of which are true.
Love Cubans.
Some, not those old toothless ones.
Like for example, Miguel, he's close.
Saw him in there this morning when I was in there bison out people
for being such a John Henry Suckel.
Miguel came in.
I mean, I would be more than delighted to show my love and affection for him.
What? What are you laughing about?
Do I have to watch? I can leave, right?
No, you could watch.
No, I could...
He could come in here right now.
I can come up here.
Oh, no, I'd squeeze it.
But don't have blinds on this one, Joe.
That's right.
You'd be ecstatic.
Knowing what a pervert you are.
You don't have to go to a swimming club to see excitement.
Oh, hey, Miguel.
Let's show him.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Hey, listen, at least, unlike Joe Castelli,
you wouldn't have to worry about nothing in the swinging in your place.
You know what I'm talking about?
Sometimes I think that Joe is nuts.
Or something like that.
Especially with that stock.
Well, anyway, let's move along.
Little levity, I never hurt.
Mr. Gonzalez, all I can say is your full of crap.
Your full of big, brown, oozing, duty.
Okay, this so far looks pretty interesting.
Although, another of them are flashing like it's supposed to be next.
So, I guess I'll just start at the top.
Four water deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
There's only 4,000 Cubans that are an embarrassment to the Cuban community,
which I admire.
And Mr. Gonzalez is part of that 4,000.
And Mr. Gonzalez, you better be ashamed of yourself.
Because 896,000 Cubans don't feel the way
that 4,000 Cuban still.
And that's my message.
And, Helian should be with his father.
And, just like Mr. Rogers says, I couldn't make a case for the kids to say,
but you people are such an embarrassment.
And you walk over other people's rights, which when you do,
that's when you're right stop.
Okay?
God bless America.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Here's one that says, hi, God, why answer?
You're the only one with the car horns to tackle this.
Says somebody who's, uh, can't read the name.
Arthur.
Or whatever.
Well, because Tom Jicke, he was right on top.
I mean, because Tom Jicke and I are the only ones with balls in his town.
That's basically what it's all about in the media.
We're the only ones.
The rest of them are a bunch of pandewars, a bunch of suckles,
a bunch of jump onto bandwagon phonies, a bunch of idiots who stick their finger out the window
and then still can't tell what the temperature is.
Maybe they'll stick their finger in there.
Correct.
We might be able to tell.
Here's a call in the grove. Hello.
Yes, who's this?
Yes, sir. This is me.
Oh, you're all just here.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was listening to you.
You keep talking about violence and all that.
And I was one of those people that was out there on A Street.
I just wanted to see what was going on.
And I went out there and I didn't see any violence or any.
What, what do you mean I keep talking about violence?
What was I talking about violence?
Articles that you've been reading, they've been saying that violence is going to erupt in date,
county, and this and that.
And I haven't seen any of that.
But not yet.
But what, what, what history do we have to indicate that it will happen?
How about when the Coast Guard got the same people pissed off the last time, just a couple of months ago.
Didn't we have violence?
Didn't we have people throwing rocks and bottles at each other out in the street?
Wasn't Mayor Martinez a highly of beating the crap out of people who were blocking the street?
Those were punks.
And that's not the, it doesn't make any difference.
It doesn't make any difference who they were.
Okay.
And if we have, if this could get sent back, and if it just is presented in the way that this pleases the,
the ex-occupied community, you're going to have a real nasty scene in this town.
They're already threatening to form this human chain around the house.
You think the INS has been put up with that?
Overfim.
They have a right to form a human chain if they want, and just like they have...
They have, they have a right to, to impede the law?
No, they'll get arrested.
Anybody that impede the law will get arrested.
They have a right to form a human chain if they want.
So, no, your government has a right to arrest the law?
Your condoning this thing.
Is that what you're saying?
No, no, I'm not condoning them.
I'm condoning the right to assemble.
Right for a peaceful assembly.
Not for, not for interfering with the law.
And not for, not for, not for the, and not for disrupting people's lives.
And not for having a bunch of truckers out there who are pouring convoys in a highway and blocking off the traffic and slowing down.
And not for dropping gravel in the streets.
You know what we're talking about.
Sir, don't pretend that you don't know what that is.
That's, that's, that's so minor.
I mean, that, sir, anybody that is a youth or a youth or a youth.
It's minor.
If somebody dies because of it, because they can't get to the hospital, it will not be minor.
And you're okay, sir.
To you, it's minor.
To a lot of us, it's unacceptable.
Which word don't you understand, sir?
It is unfriaking acceptable.
Period.
And like I said, it would be one thing if this is the first time this ever happened.
You could say, oh, it's an extraordinary circumstance.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
But it happens every time the same group of so-called exiles get displaced.
And talk about minor.
How about having a goddamn ballgame get in play?
How about the goddamn Cuban National Team Plenty Orioles?
How about the, like I said, the Junior Pan Am Games.
They can't come here because the exiles won't permitted.
Because they, counties got these stupid laws on the books.
We can't have the Latin Grammys here because they're going to be a couple of groups in there who come from Cuba.
We can't have art displays in this town because they're going to be artists and they're displaying their work who are from Cuba.
And on and on it goes.
Sir, you could try to couch it in any terms you want to rationalize it.
The fact is, very clearly, that they, county, is held hostage to a bunch of fanatical lunatics, period.
And it is unacceptable.
And you can't name me one other county and one other state in the US of a that's held hostage by any ethnic group.
If you could, I'd be willing to listen, but I don't think so.
Nauseating.
Oh, that's just minor.
What are you complaining about?
We're just disrupting people's lives.
And causing chaos and embarrassing and humiliating the city and costing it millions and millions and millions of dollars in tourist money.
A county that's always scratching, especially the city of Miami for every dime.
Where we can't send kids home with schoolbooks.
We are concerned about the kids who go home without schoolbooks in day county every night.
But we're concerned about some little kid that showed up here on a rubber raft.
And I don't want to be insensitive because a human being deserves to be treated properly.
But for crying out loud, what makes him so God damn special other than of course being Jesus and the baby Moses and all these other things.
Let's get serious.
That's what this is all about.
It's got nothing to do with a six year old kid.
It has to do with a pissing contest with Castro.
That's all this is about.
And anybody who gives me a crock of crap that they're so concerned about the future of poor little alien and how he'll be taken back there and being brainwashed.
Here we are standing there holding this little baby Jesus in his arms here in this picture.
Talk about brainwashing and going to a Catholic church on the days when he actually gets out of the house.
Maybe if he's really lucky, really lucky he can wind up to stay here and become an altar boy.
You're listening to the fest of Neil Roger on 560 W.C.A.M. Miami Fort Lauderdale.
For a training outside 16.
Oh!
You can play in my head for a Saturday.
I got to get out of this game.
If it's the last thing I ever do.
I got to get out of this gig.
I used to be a star.
I'm talking TV and movies, DJ Hooker, emergency 911.
You like Star Trek, right?
Scotty, speed me up from this nightmare gig.
I'll admit it, I got the call from my agent about this piceline.com thing.
One thing's we're going too well.
No way, things weren't going at all.
So he says, Bill, you want to do a few commercials?
They'll pay you a ton of money.
So I said, sure.
It went so well.
They said, hey, Bill, you want to do it on TV?
I said, what do I sign?
I'm back on TV, baby.
I'm going to be a star again.
I'll be big.
Really big.
And then I realized, on the TV sponsor,
making fun of that really awful album I made back in the 60s.
I'm a parody of myself.
I went out.
But my agent says, I already signed the contract.
You're stuck, he says.
I got to get out of this gig.
Girl, I'll have a better life if I do.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
5,000 unsold tickets for the Panthers Ottawa game tonight,
by the way, any interest?
No.
Okay.
Big game Ottawa at the Macarena night at 7 o'clock pregame,
game time 735, any K rounds with GA after the hockey game.
Yeah, that fact's really just sends my insides tingling.
I'll tell you that.
Irrigant and obnoxious.
And I hate to break the news to Mr. Gonzalez.
But the fact is that there are an awful lot of us in this town
who don't give a crap about your ethnicity.
There's no interest to me.
How successful you are.
I'm pretty successful too.
You know what?
And I'm not Cuban.
And I don't support fascism.
Here's my, here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Hey, I'm a 20 year old Cuban.
Yes, little Havana.
All right.
And I'll let you know one thing.
This is just about four people who want to have a fishing contest
with, with Castro.
That's all.
That's what I thought it's about.
And I just want to let you know that yesterday you were being shot down
on every Cuban radio station.
You're along with Bo Grison.
Yeah.
For, for standing up for the record.
That's not unusual.
I mean, you know, I'd like to see what happened if somebody would send a fact
to the Spanish language station saying, can't you be a little bit more objective
like this guy that just sends me a fact?
Actually, they were going on about how the Cubans run Miami
and everything has to go their way or does this go and just go all buckwam on everybody.
Oh, isn't that great?
So I'm Cuban, this guy, whatever his name is, you know,
go back to where you from.
If you don't like it here, you're so successful, go be successful somewhere else.
Amen.
Have a good one.
Thanks, pal.
Yeah, I think, like we're trying to say, and of course it's very difficult to lose the perspective on that,
but here's a small group of a few thousand people.
It's hard to tell how many they really are.
And the overwhelming majority of people don't feel that way,
in spite of what Enrique Fernandez writes in a sunsettle
and what Mr. Gonzalez writes in his facts, the majority of people.
In fact, the people that listen to those Spanish language radio stations
and call it and do their bidding and do whatever the hell they tell them to do,
they're all the old green tooth crowd.
You know what I'm talking about?
The old domino playing a goofballs with a green teeth, the so-called exiles,
who just will never let it go.
And the media here continues to pander them into portraying all these,
and this is the soft-rooted Cuban community, is it?
No.
No.
But they're the ones who will pull all the strings.
You know, I can, a Godfather had shown the thing with a pulling the strings.
They're the ones who pull all the strings, because everybody else in this town sits on their ass.
That's one thing that Gonzalez is right about.
Everybody else here sits on their ass.
Just like on Miami Beach, anybody with a Jewish name, they got elected in Miami Beach years ago,
because all the voters were old Jews.
Same thing in Hellendale.
And now the same thing all over Dave County, because the only people that bother voting in Dave County
anymore are old Julios.
Here's a pop-go, hello.
Yeah, Neil, excellent Palm Beach post editorial today.
14 months ago, Mayor Alex Pinyloss worried so much about safety on the streets that he sued gun makers.
On Wednesday, Mayor Pinyloss said that if the federal government returns to the Leonic Cuba and violence breaks out,
he won't help with security.
Yeah, he's the one that's talking about violence, not me.
Mayor Pinyloss's comments were reckless and contradictory, yet by staging this news conference,
Mayor Pinyloss became a provocateur himself.
So, I think that says it all, and this all brings me back to that famous final scene in the movie The Field,
where Richard Harris was going into the ocean, snacking his barking stick against the waves and saying,
go back, go back.
Okay, well maybe he's looking for that chicken on the door, I don't know.
Ah, Jesus, here's Dave the cop, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, this is not Dave, I'm on the wrong line.
Okay, hang on.
This thing is so cocky, but I'm not going to start on a phone again, because supposedly allegedly this phone system is getting sent back and we're getting a real one.
Allegedly, anybody believe it?
No.
Like I said, here's Dave the cop on 7.
Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
You know, you keep, well, a lot of people that keep talking about that the majority of Latin don't feel that way.
And my wife is missing two, but she's pretty liberal compared to the most and all.
But, you know, my contention is that a silent majority is still a minority.
Right, that's right.
Yeah, it's a powerful feel that way.
Then they need to stand up, speak up like like-
But they never have.
They never have.
And, you know, the other guy point well taken in Seattle, you did have a bunch of probably rich white kids causing mayhem in Seattle,
but a rest are very subjective.
After what all the politicians said here the other day, how many arrests you actually think are going to be made here?
Unless things really go to hell in a hand basket.
When you have the choice not to make the arrest.
And with that same sort of, let's just say, a lot of two begin to people of the Liberty City and Little Hades.
The same things are everything equal.
No way.
And, you know, and it creates a problem for a lot of people.
It's a sad situation.
You know, the people, if they're lawless, they need to go to jail.
If they're not, I agree with the guy.
Certainly, peaceful demonstration is welcome.
I welcome it.
I enjoy it.
But, you know, something, how many demonstrations do we need already?
Okay, they've made their point.
Everybody understands the way they feel, whether we agree or not.
But how many demonstrations do you have to have before a family is hit back?
And the law plays itself out.
And, in case the raw, the raw.
Whatever it's going to be is going to be.
And then when I read this article about all this religious hocus,
and all these rumors spread around, I mean, you kind of understand the nature of these people
that you're talking about, these old green tooth eggs on.
Well, like group practice, square one, then the silent majority needs to become a majority
and stop listening to this horse crap.
And, you know, by and large too, we're still living in a community,
and it's not the single-eyed, any one politician, but we're living in a community,
and I'll say, South Florida as a whole,
where they only have to suck up to one group of people,
because they have the vast majority over the rest of the people.
So they don't have to concern themselves with the other constituents.
How many times did Lincoln, Jackets, Ballard, or Rothlighten ever get on TV
to do anything with an African-American or an Anglo-American?
Never.
Or an Anglo-American?
Right.
There's the problem right there, and I would venture to say there's got to be some African-Americans
in white angles in their constituency.
You know, it doesn't put them on TV, so they don't want to deal with it.
And that's where the problem is.
It deals with what's going on in the leadership and the learning attitude of South Florida.
Okay, then.
And go corner.
And you said.
You got it.
Okay. He said it.
Did he say it?
I'm sure it was things to go best, the Rio Roger on 560 QAM.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
Move over, Marc Antivine and Lubega.
There's a new hot Latin pop sensation who's moving up the charts.
It's Hernando Valencia, three holy scum, Southwest Rodriguez.
With his scorching debut album, let's have sex.
Oh, I'm so handsome.
And now we may be done.
Rolling stone calls Hernando as a track track.
And then Ricky Iglesias with a certain Ricky Martin quality.
Spin magazine raids, forgetfully sings.
Hernando is going to make you sizzle with his fiery Latin looks.
I will love you.
Like the men do from the country, from where I am from.
Billboard magazine says since everyone's buying Latin music, this is another one people can buy.
So throw your parents money away on CDs with singers who are ugly.
Buy the hot new album from Hernando Valencia for holiest gondolas Rodriguez.
Let's have sex.
I am... I am...
In my CD contains many pictures for you to look at and imagine we are having.
Well, I am riding this...
During betraying that is Latin music.
Let's have sex.
A bit of a long capitalized record.
Oh right.
And here is another fact from Carolyn, our attorney friend in Miami who says, in response to Mr. Gonzalez.
She says, well, let's see Mr. Gonzalez, who am I a listener to the Neil Rogers show?
One, I am not too smart even though I have 19 years of education to practice law for 20 years.
Two, I live in Broward even though I have lived in Dave for 29 years and visit Broward only to go to court.
Three, I resented this like Cuban's even though I recently had a Cuban American law partner.
And four, I want Ailey Annabee return to his father because I am anti-Cuban even though the laws of every country including Cuba and the US.
Recognize the parents overwhelming right to decisions for his or her child not the right of a great uncle or cousin.
And who are you Mr. Gonzalez?
One, an arrogant Cuban who spits in the face of the country has given you everything.
Two, a person who cares about one upsmanship on Payelle Castro rather than the well-being of a six-year-old boy.
And three, finally a fascist and crazy person with a small band of equally self-suff-centered people who have made this city and county the laughing stock of MSNBC and CNN.
Nice going Carolyn.
As usual.
Yeah, and this business, the Spanish language radio, that doesn't surprise me. They've been doing that for years.
Tackin' me and Bo Griffin.
Anybody who's got the balls to go on a year and the disagree.
All you have to do is have a descending point of view in this town.
Come onist, they're communist and of course in this case, Medicol and communist, they are in a very convenient.
Same old, tired crap that's been going on since day one, since they got off their banana boat.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
I know this is Scott and West Palm Beach.
Okay, there it is. I can't read this thing Scott, sorry.
That's all right, great phone system.
This thing is a piece of crap.
Man, I've listened to you for years and it's the first time I've ever called.
I'm just so pissed off.
And far enough.
You know, for one thing, these morons that made Uncle Fidel look like this wonderful old grandpa.
You know, they've given him more PR than he ever could have paid for.
Yeah.
He looks sane. They look crazy.
And of course, this latest deal at his home where he's going to send the father over here now.
He's got any supply for the VCs.
He's going to be on his way any second now.
And he's going to come over here and even Mayor Penga Puccania says, oh yeah, well the father gets here.
There's no question that they have to turn the boy over to him while the custody battle goes on.
Yeah, but not this Gonzalez moron.
No, they're going to change the rules.
Their lawyers as well, maybe, maybe.
Now, you know, of course the kid wants to stay. He's going to Disney World.
He's watching Nickelodeon.
And he's being brainwashed every day 24 hours a day.
And if he goes back to Cuba, Fidel is going to parade him and make his life just wonderful.
The kid wins either way.
That's right.
But you know, for for Joe Bush and any of the rest of them to even intimate to the federal government that they will not support it,
just invites the National Guard and God forbid the Marines to be sent down here.
You know, and that's going to be great for those of us that have to do business in Miami-Dade or the other good citizens of Miami-Dade.
We live under martial law.
Yeah.
Well, that'd be fun.
So anyway, I just had to call Neil.
I'm just so fired up by him.
Sick on the death, the kid should have been shipped back immediately.
He is an illegal alien and he has no rights.
Okay.
Here I, thanks.
Thanks, Neil.
Mr. Gonzalez, maybe that was Speedy Gonzalez.
What do you think?
Yeah.
See, this thing, I mean, they're moving with the lines.
But I don't want to get started with this phone thing again.
God forbid I should do that.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
See, why you need that?
Yeah.
How does that, I know this.
As soon as I heard the voice, chronic, chronic, chronic.
He's an asshole, little child, little infant.
I say let's send this guy a kid back and let aliens stay here.
Wherever this kid's living.
Here's the mobile in Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Thank God I don't have to go stop at the border anymore.
Which is the day of Broward line.
Yeah.
A couple quick things, man.
I'm not Jewish or black, but I got to tell you.
Some of this, are you there?
I'm here.
Yeah, some of it's the comments I've heard.
Like Enrique and what is it for Nanda's trying to compare this kid with a child that was in the Holocaust
and being sent back to a concentration camp?
I was talking to guy I had yesterday who was trying to tell me that the millions of people have been murdered in Cuba.
Millions.
That's just not true.
It's economics.
It's, I'm fine.
It's hard for me to hear you right now.
I can't hear what you're saying.
Yeah.
Well, it's this great phone system.
But it's popping and cooking.
One other thing is it's so funny, this is not political.
How come not one single Republican is for this child going back?
Every single one of them.
It's so political, it's ridiculous.
There are wanting votes from the Cuban population.
But you can understand that because they're at least, at least they're pandering to their constituency.
Why Democrats like Bob Graham and Al Gore are getting sucked into this?
When they're not going to get those people's votes anyway, the exiles, they're in the Chinaman's chance they're going to get that vote.
They're getting some really bad advice.
That I don't understand.
And this is also, this is unbelievable in the national media.
It's all over the place.
It's not just the local media.
But like I see Correo the other day, I see an insane how they're having pre-vigils now.
You know, the hand of God came over, and the sent these dolphins in to save him.
That is right.
Now the hand of God.
You've got to save him from being a Santa Rhea sacrifice on Fidel's front door.
What is the hand of God to go over Cuban?
Take care of Castro.
He's so almighty powerful.
He's too busy placing the Virgin Mary on the other side.
That's what it was.
I was wondering why that was.
He's got a lot of other crap to take.
Here are plus all those ball games.
You know, the guys that are playing.
Well, how do they play football?
Yes.
In closing, Neil, I would just like to say to my Cuban constituents down there, are you offing down?
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Uncle Biel.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, I got to turn the volume down on this thing now.
What would it mean?
You can't hear on hold?
No.
Of course not.
We already checked this thing out this morning.
No, this matter of fact I called you from a mobile before.
I had to hang up.
I couldn't hear you, you know, holding up.
I don't want to stir the pot on you.
Oh, not again.
Maybe I got lucky twice.
Listen, before I go off and call this guy that's thinking of facts and asshole, I've got to check my facts.
If you're trying to tell me that because I live in plantation about 16 miles north of the county line,
I'm not supposed to have an opinion on it.
Right.
Okay, so they're not your highways anyway, don't you understand?
Well, besides the fact that I drive a truck for a living and I'm in a dayed county half of every day.
Yeah, but now you're nitpicking, sir.
So I'm not supposed to care about the car.
If it's only half the time that it should have like half of the right to have an opinion.
Okay, well, what about Cumbrian?
I shouldn't care that those kids got shot.
No.
And the poor guy in New York that got shot 40 some times by the cops.
Right.
I have no opinion on that.
So I'll just limit myself to what goes on in plain detail.
Well, I think you were right in the beginning when you said, these are an asshole.
I think that was getting closer to the next.
Well, I just wanted to, you know, I hate to go off call people, and we even said,
I got my facts straight.
But that has to be one of the classic facts that you've got for that.
I mean, that just absolutely arrogant and obnoxious.
And, well, we've been successful and you're all jealous.
And what's the few streets and you're not driving them on anyway.
And this is just unbelievable.
Me, even if I didn't spend one second of my life in Bade, which I tried to avoid as much as I can.
Right.
Even if I lived in Washington State on the other side of the country,
how could you not have an opinion on this and what's that?
I don't know about you.
But you're with the mayor says, how could you not?
I don't know what he's doing.
He's traveling enough, but I almost always fly out of my meter national,
because wherever I'm going, usually that's where I get the direct flights to.
And so I'm somebody who not only works in Dade County every day,
even though it's just below the county line, but I also use the airport a hell of a lot,
probably more than 95% of the people in this audience.
And I'm not going to sit still.
If I decide I want to go out of town for the weekend or on vacation,
I'm not going to sit still very quietly,
while a bunch of lunatics decide that I'm going to block the airport and disrupt my life,
because they're pissed off that they didn't get their way this time.
Yeah. This guy is just way off the mark.
Okay. Have a great day.
You too.
So they can't hear on hold.
Well, let's continue checking it out.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Could you hear on hold?
Yeah, I've been on hold and I can't hear anything.
Oh, no.
Okay.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I don't want to get emotional about it again.
Sorry about that.
I'm an American who's married into a Cuban family.
And I do have somewhat of an insight on the situation more than the average layman.
But I know there's a lot of decent law-abiding Cubans who live in Broward and Dave County,
but there are a huge contingency of silent Cubans out there that do support the radicals
in breaking the law and holding the city hostage and everything else.
So when they...
I don't find the fact that there's about 4,000 of them out there that support this,
and that's a...
And there's 480,000 that are against it.
680,000 is not true.
Back very silently, right?
It's just not true because every Cuban that I ever speak to are common.
Any contact with, say, well, they have to hold the causeway hostage.
They have to prove their point.
Even though they didn't participate, they completely support it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oscar Kaye.
Here's the fact from Kim White, Kim, who's offended.
He says, I love you at all, but what's with the pool?
Non-Hispanic White?
Why not just White?
What's with a non-Hispanic rep?
Hispanic is Hispanic.
It's not White.
White is White.
I never...
That must be that census lady that called up.
Oh, no.
It's White Kim, as it would be.
She's all right.
That's just our way of trying to define.
Okay?
To try to make it clearer for some more people might be just a little bit on the slow side.
A little bit confused.
Yeah, be sure to vote on our pool over the weekend.
What are you besides...
Well, non-Hispanic White, Cuban, Puerto Rican, other Hispanic, African-American, or other...
Oh, you know what?
Well, it's too late.
When you take a Spanish class, do you get darker as you look at this?
Well, we should have also put like Haitian and Jamaican in there.
We've got plenty of dark, complicated people who aren't African-American.
Oh, you're right.
Well, too late, because Eric's not there now.
Anyway, here's the fact from Bill and Deerfield.
This is how else will Aelion be able to have Castro set his people free unless they return him to Cuba?
Then it can confront Castro with the ten plagues when Castro gives the okay Aelion can then part the Atlantic and set his people free.
There you go.
Oh, right.
White Bill and Deerfield.
Yeah.
He's going to part the waters.
The muddy waters.
5, 6, 7, I apologize again even though it's not my place to apologize because Greg Reed ought to be on here.
He ought to have a message recorded that we ought to play like every half an hour.
Apologizing to me and to the audience for this piece of smegma that we're using here as a phone system.
Which you'll notice the phone calls sound real tinny and crappy again on the air today and they can't hear unhold again.
Even though we tried to check that out, we thought that it was working okay this morning.
Is it working okay?
No.
No.
It is not.
But nevertheless.
This isn't your mother's ring.
What the fuck?
Sports radio 560.
You A-Hats.
I don't feel full of it right now, Bill.
I don't like that.
You're nicked in a hole.
Her family lives a mess.
Her husband's staying at rest.
Called him cheating and he can sense.
She's powerful.
She moved to New York State.
Her husband said that sounded great.
That'll give him time to phone a case.
She knows he's unfaithful.
Nice Hillary.
You've heard about wildboughter.
You know they never caught her.
Take a look at her big hindquarters.
Ain't they found a vote.
Nice Hillary.
She wants to be a better actor.
But no one has ever voted for her.
You see, honey, what has done to her?
In fact, you wrote most of these words.
Yeah, Rudy wrote all of these words.
Yeah.
And he really is a fond of her.
Rich Pacti sends a fax to copy of a thing
that he faxed over the Mayor of Penga,
but I think you only send it to me because he wants his name on here.
Nice going, Rich.
Just off Paul Harvey, Jr.
Who I saw at the hockey game last couple of nights ago,
by the way, in sentences, regards to you, George.
Not.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
You know, I think you have a real great show.
I mean, I've turned the radio dial.
I haven't heard anybody address some of the problems here at Miami.
And I think that the ex-out community should not listen to other people
so they can begin to understand what people are really thinking.
I mean, they only listen to their own rhetoric.
And they need to put it away.
It's like a revolving door.
I mean, just a self-serving thing that goes on and on and on and round and round
in a mile like a dog chasing its tail.
It's the same people listening, you know, the expression preaching to the choir.
That's what Spanish language radio is all about.
You know, Neil, they don't address a lot of the problems like all the corruption here.
And it's not just alien that people have said about.
They're upset about all the corruption.
I mean, look at what's happening over at MIA.
It's a very one-sided issue.
They need to start looking at how Americans are viewing this.
They've been welcomed here in America and they should listen to Americans.
They won't do it.
They won't do it.
It's a shame because, you know, MIA could be a very, very interesting city.
They allowed it today.
They could make a lot of money.
They could make a lot of money.
You're never going to happen again.
Yes, it's true.
I'm interested in buying a house here and I'm scared to death because you never know what's going to happen to property values.
I mean, the corruption here is terrible.
You know, it's going to stop.
I mean, the Medicaid fraud, mortgage fraud.
You're going to buy in a house in Dead County?
Well, I'm thinking about downtown Miami.
Don't buy a house.
Oh, boy.
I mean, if you look at the dreamer.
You must be dreaming.
Look at the fraud.
You must be having a guy.
I'm having a experience.
The gentleman was talking about how well people are doing here in the Excel community.
How well, I mean, where did they get their money from?
I mean, how do they sell their teeth?
They come here flat roads, supposedly.
And in one generation, they're driving around a very expensive automobile, expensive homes.
You wonder where that money comes from.
Now, I've been in business for a long time and I...
You want to buy a golden bracelet?
Well, you cannot make all this money that they come here.
Can I visit your home and fix some teeth for you?
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks.
Okay.
Thank God there's no superstition among the ex-community.
That's what I say.
That old black man, that old Santa Rhea baby.
This article here, I'm saving this one.
Pray for Aelion.
A Santa Rhea priestess has warned Castro that he'd be overthrown by a child saved by dolphins at sea.
Therefore, he has to get the child back in order to defuse the boy's potential power.
Santa Rhea baby.
The great uncle believes that Castro will make an end.
And this, by the way, this is Lazaro.
This is who he's staying with.
He believes that Castro will make the kid a witchcraft sacrifice.
And passes this note along to sister Jean, who probably passed it on to Janet Reno.
Maybe not to note, but she passed it on.
I wonder if Janet was able to stay still long enough to enjoy that.
You think so?
No.
Probably not.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello?
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Here in the hell out of me.
Okay. We won't do it again.
Well, I'm expecting it.
A couple things I want to bring up.
First of all, the whole thing about there negotiating with the woman.
Is there a relationship with INS?
What's their negotiate?
I didn't know this was a negotiation.
I don't know.
I had no idea.
It's open and shut.
You know, and once the dad comes over, they should be returned to him right away.
To me, it's like a yes or no thing.
Are you going to sign this?
Or are you not going to sign it?
Exactly.
If the answer continues to be no, they'll say, okay, well, we'll have all of the INS agents will be there to pick them up 10 o'clock tomorrow morning.
And don't get in our way or else, and that's it.
Exactly.
And then when the dad gets here, they're saying, well, they have to interview the dad first to make sure that his intentions are good.
And make sure that they let him meet on neutral grounds.
No.
When that dad gets here, wherever it may be, Washington and Miami, the kid immediately goes to the dad.
And he shouldn't even have to wait till the process is over.
If the dad wants to take him back for Cuba at that point, then it's all said and done.
I would think so.
You know, and then...
That's what the law says.
It's unbelievable.
You see this thing with the Jordan case.
How quietly everything happened and the kids going back.
Right.
You know, and...
I don't see any Jordanians protesting in the streets, by the way, on behalf of the mother.
Had this been any other way...
You know, you have the kids staying in this country going back to a 10th world country like Jordan.
Right.
Had it been any other kid from any other part of the world, in any other...
Right.
And any other state in the United States, maybe back in 24 hours?
I don't know.
I never would have heard a word about it and had it been long gone.
And now you've got Al Gore coming out and saying...
Just like when the intercepted the Haitian both had happened right around the same time.
Back last Thanksgiving time, remember that?
Exactly.
Oh, right back.
I'm right back.
Immediately.
And now Al Gore is saying that he's petitioning the Congress to not only allow Ealyon to become...
A whole thing, that...
A whole thing, that...
A whole thing, that...
The God's in their Spokha, right?
Well, what is...
And then...
So then if he does that, then what's stopping the rest of the Cubans from saying, well, we want to come over.
You set a precedent.
That's what this case is about.
It's not only about the welfare of the kid, and the fact that he still has a biological parent alive,
it's about setting a precedent.
And then you...
I didn't say...
Al Gore is hoping is that they can do that.
The Pidell will send all of them over there, the father, along with the whole...
The God's in their Spokha, they'll all get over here, and then they'll say, okay, well, we're going to make you proof you're all citizens.
You all have whatever it is.
And then they're all going to defect and stay here.
And then they can say, see, we get the brownie points now.
We got them all to stay over here, and we spin and catch your face.
And you think that the exiles are going to vote for Gore, then?
No.
No.
You know something, if Al Gore went down to Havana today, and Blue Castro off the face of the earth,
and came back with a smoking gun in his hands and said, hey, look at it, see what I did?
And they say, oh, that's...
We're happy about that, but we're still voting for Bush.
Yeah, it's a communist.
It's a communist, a communist.
I don't understand how he...
You're dealing with...
Crazy people.
That's what you're dealing with.
Even Al Gore.
I mean, at this point, he wants the circumvent all processes to appease one small sector of community.
He's getting, as usual, very bad political advice.
You know, and it just...
Like I said, it's set to precedent, and then there's a 10-year-old that wants to stay in a 17-year-old.
And before you know what everyone's saying, well, if you let him stay, I can stay.
Yeah.
And I'm concerned now.
How long is it going to take before all this stuff trickles down in Broward County?
Amen.
Okay, have a great day.
I'm getting out of here.
Okay.
I'll take a look at the 17-year-old first.
Again, we apologize profusely for Greg Reed and the Beatles being totally incompetent and not being able for you to hear on hold today in a phone sounding like crap and real tinny like they're coming through a tin can.
But we're working on it.
I would say we're working fiedrously on it, but that would be like a little bit of a...
Overstatement.
If your carpets are in really bad shape and you want to get them looking just like brand new,
well, don't spend all the money to buy brand new.
The company just call our good friends a dry concept because they'll do a job for you that you won't even believe even when you see it with your own eyes.
Dry concepts are the best in the business, which is why I've been using them for about 15 years now.
They've been doing it right in this town since way back in 1979.
They're exclusive dry cleaning methods, sucks out even the deepest down dirt in your carpet that you can't see with the naked eye,
which makes your carpets stay cleaner a lot longer, last longer, and of course they smell a little fresh too because our friends a dry concept supply this infection as they clean, add no extra charge.
And don't forget, speaking of charges, they give you a written guaranteed price right up front.
No add-ons, no tack-ons, no gimmicks, no games.
And they also do a tremendous job of furniture cleaning, brick-brick cleaning, spot-dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs,
and plant-a-wean-a-rug service deodorization, even complete water damage restoration.
Called dry concepts today in day 305, 930-3636, wow, or 954-5814739, Palm Beach, 5619-3047-39.
This is 560-ULL.
Oh my God, I feel so good.
Oh, I'm so good.
Oh, I'm so good.
Oh, I feel so good.
I'm just rolling around and I'm so good.
Oh, I'm so good.
I'm so good.
I'm so good.
A little bit of a sideline here, Barry Jackass and Harold, whatever his stupid column is this morning, right to the very end of his article.
News notes, Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg.
Oh, there's two very zany-alive Jews who are on the stage that nobody listens to except the idiots in this building.
Who's CVS sports line show is picked up by 1700 AM from 10 AM to 2 PM, are leaving you to a sports talk show for New York City radio station.
I guess the station that doesn't have an AM, is that right, Barry?
Because you don't have it in here.
1700 will air their new program, 6 to 10 AM starting April 10th.
Wow.
Oh, I bet you're on morning guys, they're peeing in their pants over that.
What do you think?
Sounds like another lawsuit to me, Greg.
Here's a great article off the newswire here.
The 62-year-old grandmother wearing a sun visor and holding a parasol outside the house of alien Gonzalez made the heightening tension in Miami's darkly clear.
If what Jan orina wants is another wake-o, she could have it here.
Cuban ex-Hallele, Elena Aguilar said Thursday, we won't let her take the child.
Not now, not ever.
Reno killed children in Waco and Clinton marks with people who burned the American flag during Vietnam said Aguilar is friend Maria.
Alonso 73, who are they to speak about justice and patriotism?
If justice is done, the boy will stay here.
You heard what the kid said. He doesn't want to go.
It's a Cuban native in Estotaylor 61.
Show me where to stand so I can take the first bullet.
I'll defend his right to stay.
How old are these people?
60, 70s, 80s, 90s, 110, 120.
Old.
Old green tooth.
Millicent, un-American, assholes.
And just like Tom Dickens says, just like many callers said the last couple of days, there's no difference between what Mayor Pinka Piccàne did a couple of days ago.
And what George Wallace did and what Orville thought was no difference.
Here's a mobile in Bocca. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Every time I've heard the stupidest thing that these vague vials say, you know, you can read me something and it's even stupider or more ridiculous.
You know, I never thought I could want to stay behind Tom Jicor or Corcorino, but I can't say that.
No, I know I'm not too close though.
You're right about that.
Listen, who did Mayor Pamellas or President DePamellas?
In other words, he must think the police force is his own private police force where he can tell them that in other words, we're not going to do this, we're not going to assist.
Yeah.
And who do you think he is even make that statement?
He thinks he's a dictator and he's got it part right, he's got it halfway right.
I mean, I'd like to hear if there's any highly accops.
I mean, they can't be all anti-castro exiles who actually, in other words, were offended at that.
So, you know, they're paid to uphold the law and here, Pamellas is coming on today.
I'm not going to allow my police hit police force to another to assist not to allow the federal troops.
Yeah, they're unbelievable.
Okay, thanks.
I got one pollution meal.
Yes.
To the whole thing.
Listen, the killings are all big baseball fans, right?
Yeah.
They love the model.
Yeah, I think they've made alien back for a power-hitting third basement and a starting pet.
And send them to Washington.
Okay.
There you go.
Thanks.
Send them to a Buffalo.
They could use a baseball team there.
Yeah, they might not like the weather, but too bad.
South Alcone comes in today with some, a la Romanaela, Boston, a vinegar of Modena,
which by the way, red wine vinegar is the best, but also Boston, a vinegar which is very expensive.
Very good for your blood sugar.
I might just drink a couple of gallons of this right out of the bottle.
Let me just suck it out of there.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to try to help the audience to understand what's behind it.
It's really the key.
I think you said it right before when you said there has to do with cost.
This people, U.S.A. has always fought communism for the last 60 years.
We do it in Kosovo, which is how many miles away, but we've been doing 90 miles from here.
We weren't fighting communism.
We weren't fighting communism in Kosovo.
We were fighting because people were being slaughtered because ethnic cleansing was going on.
Exactly.
Because it started with the communist government.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Now we have the shizel customer, the thing left here, dictating a lot of things that go on
in this country where we shouldn't allow this people to live here.
Let me say this.
The people that live here, the Cuban ex-science, all they want to do is always throw their government.
And that would be perfect for you, according to you.
They will all move back to Cuba.
Wouldn't it be nice?
Why don't we help them?
Help them go with totally different things.
Because we don't have any reasons.
We don't have any reasons.
We don't have any reason to overthrow the government.
So there has nothing to do with our national security.
I've said it over and over again.
It seems to me you call it the same crap all the time.
But the same nonsense.
Why don't we help them?
Because we're not interested in risking anybody's life to go with a banana both down to Cuba.
It's got nothing to do with us.
And if we had a brains, we'd open up diplomatic relations with Cuba.
And we'd stop with this guy to insure aid to pacify a few thousand crazy exiles.
That's exactly correct.
And the embargo opened up diplomatic relations and cut the crap.
Seems to me there's still a whole lot of communists over there in China.
Do we have diplomatic relations with China?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
We do them business with the Chinese.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Communists are communists.
Well that's the reality of the real world, okay?
Instead of just this hard line, hard-ass attitude,
because we have mostly political cowards in this country.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil Godd.
Yes sir.
It's a pleasure listening to your objectivity when,
or on all the other menus or securities,
commentaries, everything just reaching footage books and the readings.
I have a quick anecdote and a comment if you make...
I was eating up one of your favorite places when it was at the Emote Coast and Tamarack.
And I was at the host's station waiting to be seated and your...
Well, the picture is on the wall.
I say to my mother, my dad's...
That's the...
That's commentated down here.
And these three people behind me started to go crazy about you and...
I'm not a friend of you and...
You don't go crazy about what?
Yeah.
You know what?
Is there...
How can you listen to this kind of a bit?
I said he's the best thing to happen before I...
How old were these people?
They were there, uh...
50s?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And I'm carrying on.
I was getting so angry at them.
I was trying to talk and I said, you know, then I...
I was walking to my seat.
I said to them, I looked back and I said to them, well,
you hear the type of people that voted for the...
For Bush and, you know, and for the other reaction,
everything.
And then I started laughing at them.
Anyway, my comment was that there was...
I just was just reading this really interesting book that was...
I got them up for the National Book of War two years ago.
It was called the Kidnapping of the Guardo Muatera.
Right?
So at the David Percewa.
And what it talks about is up until the 20th century and Italy,
the Catholic Church talks about the fourth Kidnapping,
conversions and baptisms of young Jewish children
by the Catholic Church.
And it talks about this one, the infant who's 60 years old,
they guardo Muatera.
And if there was going on now in Miami with this kid,
the similarities are like a frightening thing.
Because the next chapter I was to get really
to get the Catholic Church involved with this kid, right?
What do you mean by that?
Well, I'll bring that.
What do you mean the next step?
He's already going to the Catholic School every day.
Yeah, I'll take it a bit.
But I'm thinking that you see in the Virgin Mary on the mirror in the bedroom.
Yeah, that's true.
That's what I'm saying is that I guess that they'll have the priest
about to be really speaking off to prevent any...
Any return.
Now the Catholic Church is telling it safe like they usually understand on the side.
But what really retotes me a little bit?
I'm politically so correct.
Is that Yami Bapluoya, his lawyer, who...
I mean, how can this pay the fund and not even say anything
when that quote is today's pay?
You know, that it's like something that's not fair to not see
with the year-to-week child.
Have a great day, sir.
56670560, £560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Carol Siddy.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'll answer.
I've never called you before, but I've seen recently in the newspaper
and heard some commentators speculate that Janet Reno has something to be wary of
when she retires from her duties as a attorney general and returns to this community.
And I just like to say that she's the closest thing to a hero we've ever produced
and she's the only one in this whole situation that's had any backbone.
I'm not saying that in Waco, I don't think.
Well, no, I'm sure they're not, but...
Let me tell you this right now.
If Janet Reno were such a hero and if she were such a hot shot,
that kid would be back in Cuba.
Would this father right now?
They would have been dragging their feet
and they wouldn't be testing the political waters
and she wouldn't have made such an impassioned wimpy speech yesterday about,
oh, she loves this community and she was born here.
She had said, this is a country of laws.
We're not taking any crap from Little Mayor Pena Picania or any of these other banana boat dictators
and the people have to obey the law.
And that's the way the law has been interpreted and the kids going back.
But I've been and that's it.
If she had any balls.
Well, when the mayor...
I'm not giving any brownie points to Janet Reno.
When the mayor stood in front of the microphone to high noon on Wednesday
and made his comments of the whole situation changed for me, I think that...
That was the defining moment in the end of Dave County was when he got up on that podium.
And let me say it again, if anybody messed it earlier,
12 of the mayors whose names were put on the list or were standing on the podium
have in the last two days made it very clear that they don't want to be associated with his remarks
and their embarrassed and humiliated and it was totally inappropriate.
No, when the federal government should come down here with its armed force
and I don't know what the chain of command is in our local police
but they should ask Mayor Pena Pena Pena Pena Pena to ease out the top.
But tell him that our police...
We're not going to go and get alien good at us.
Your police department is going to go in and take him out of that house.
And if he refused...
No, they're not. The INS agents are going to go in and get him out of house.
We should be taught to go in and get them in if he...
Okay, have a nice day.
A lot of really interesting people today, a lot of people just really wiggies
if we don't have important things to worry about.
But we're back buried in the sea of this again if you pardon the expression.
Buried in the sea with alien.
On and on and on and on.
Will it ever end?
No, will it ever come to a conclusion?
No.
Like a guy named Soap Opera.
And you figure sooner or later they got a type of loose ends with at least one of the 48 storylines, right?
Is it ever got to come to a...
No.
No.
Never, never, ever.
And you wonder why I love getting on that plane and going just about anywhere
and getting as far away from here as I possibly can, as often as I can.
Is there anybody in their right mind who wonders why?
Oh, I don't think so.
This is not a real place.
This is a place where all of the energies, 95% of the energies are spent...
I'm crap like this.
And we keep getting dragged through the same old, tired garbage,
whether it's the burial, boat lift, whether it's the God in Coast Guard
and the refugees, whether it's the Los Bandai, whatever it is, every six months,
every three months now, another one of these guys there, but Annabot Historia acts.
And you got your Lincoln Diaz-Balart, in Ilyana, Rosanna, Dana, and Mayor of Ping Up the Kenya,
and Joe Carrroyo, and a whole bunch of crazy people that probably belong in the asylum together.
Dade County is an outdoor insane asylum.
That's what it is.
That's precisely what Dade County is.
And when I first came here to KAT in 76 and after six months,
and they said, what do I think of the beach?
I said, my new beach is an outdoor funeral parlor.
And here we are 24 years later, and I can say, be on the shadow of a doubt,
that Dade County is an outdoor insane asylum.
There is no question about it.
There is nothing rational that goes on here.
There's graft involved in everything from the roads to the airports to education
to you name it.
And every, nothing at all gets done in Dade County without payoffs and graft.
Nothing.
And once in a blue moon like the hero, you know, comes along with a big investigative report.
He meant too many two years, too long, and too late, but nevertheless,
a good job on the airport.
Anything changing?
No.
Oh no.
No, we got the Fox starting the chicken coop now.
Mayor Ping Up the Kenya.
All of whose buddies you got all the contracts in there.
Yeah, he's appointing a blue ribbon panel now.
They got to investigate.
They got the Fox standing right outside the garden of chicken coop to make sure we don't let any illegal aliens in.
So good luck to you, you live in Dade County.
Let me say it again, a result yesterday's pool had a big result.
762 votes, evidently, a lot of strong feeling about Dade County.
430 people said it was a banana republic.
304 people said it was a toilet.
28 people said a great place to live.
3.5%.
So in other words, 96.5% said it's either a toilet or a banana republic or both.
To which I would say.
Absolutely correct.
Amen.
You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Neil God, WQAM.
Where the bag is.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'm wondering, one of the talking about all bridges about large and boats that you're talking about earlier.
About one?
Briggers, cars and boats.
We're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
You got to look for it.
Those are regulated by the United States Corps of Engineers.
You think that could give?
No.
Well, it is.
All bridges over navigable waterways.
I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir.
But I said if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay.
Well, all I'm saying sir, is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways.
Over one?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the time.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at rush hour times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump of the boat can come along and back up traffic through two cars?
That's absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crappers that?
That is not a communist bunch of crappers.
Sounds like some kind of the antifascist sonny picco...
No, but five thousand cars will be those two one boat.
Right, exactly.
And the boat is going to stop for five thousand cars?
Got it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jack as in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you should adopt.
That's right.
I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both traffic and the hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed period.
Okay, I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch his MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
In other words, I want the bridge closed.
Let him use the junior tunnel, okay?
You know, I think you have the concept of the bridge.
I think they ought to go out to George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you sound like some stupid idiotic.
I'm not a baby.
I'm not a baby.
I'm not a baby.
So wait a second, please.
I'm staying.
Not till they fix your blood.
I'm not a baby.
I finally turned a day on you.
And I'm scared to be clear.
Yeah, for me, all you want to do is me.
Not a baby.
But I'm really hot.
Well, we'll be sure.
I'm not sick here.
I used to be.
And there is Google Dreads where you bought my new company.
When you think you're watching due to me, remember that I'm legal, baby.
That's no crime.
Let's cruise under ocean skies, where girls are with girls.
And sellers with guys.
Let's climb.
Right up the crow's nest.
Drop anchor with me.
On the old tube deck.
You love the gay boat.
Soon we'll be making another run.
The gable.
Promise us that the payloads are fun.
Oh, you can be killed again.
I'll be the skipper.
Ahoy.
Hi, little buddy.
The sea.
Is the place you should go.
If you stay on deck.
I'd like to go below.
You love the gay boat.
Welcome aboard the gay boat.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your boy now just like a saddened year old girl.
A little sports host.
What else are you there for?
Kelsey.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you answer, Sam?
You don't sound like a man.
Reboots a rubber band.
That joke.
Your throat's tough.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
Your lovely man is just a cell.
Kelsey.
You don't belong there on the air.
And, Kelsey.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your baby's dropped.
Kelsey.
Kelsey.
When you're gone and grow up.
You make that want to throw up.
You silly squeaky-blue.
Go to broadcasting school.
You're free to pass this boy.
Thank you.
Sounds like a pun.
You're a pun.
You're a pun.
You're a pun.
You're a pun.
You're a pun.
From our huge state of the art facility.
Somewhere in the Bible belt where no one seems to wonder where we get all the money for the cold in Laid Portager.
It's the Fortune 700 Club.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you very much.
And hello, I'm Mervin Pepper, Robertson.
And I'm the woman who nods in agreement and everything's at Sam's.
That's right.
She sure is.
Integrate.
All right.
Now, I want everyone to get out your holy wall street journals and open up to the stock quotes page.
A bit of get.
If you're on rent, go to www.fortune700club.com and sign up for our low cost stock ticker.
Bride the Lord.
It has really changed my life.
Okay.
Today at the Fortune 700 Club now, we're going to take a look at the company called Visica.
It's VZ on the NYSE.
Now, if you look here, Visica just rose three and a quarter.
My goodness, it's a sign that God must really, really love them.
I am not in agreement with you, Pat.
I'm in.
And I'm sure that you notice that this other company, Naita Tech, on the other hand, is down five.
Well, sounds like maybe they're trading with a devil.
Hey, man, Satan's work is definitely being seen here.
Oh, so if you have that stock, you're going to hell.
Or at least your portfolio is.
I may.
I may.
Well, friends, we've reached this all important and very serious time in the Fortune 700 Club.
When we all join hands, let's all join hands and bow our heads in prayer.
Dear Lord, let the investors who lost their way find the path of financial prosperity by
doing what they want to do.
Be more mindful of online trades for just a small monthly fee at www.Fortune700Club.com.
Amen, and amen.
Big Pat, you know, I feel spiritually and financially right now.
Amen.
It looks like we're just about out of time here.
Yes, we are Pat.
But now, you folks out there, you remember, it is never too late to become a trading partner in the Fortune 700 Club.
247, our investment counselors are ready to help pray for your staff for just a flash their charge.
That is good advice.
Not be sure to join us tomorrow.
On this Fortune 700 Club, and we'll pray for Disney's going second quarter profits to plummet.
Take care, but God bless tomorrow's NASDAQ.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Praise the Lord.
And here's another obnoxious fact.
Only this one is unsigned and with a couple of lines crossed out and like really almost too obnoxious to acknowledge.
But I will anyway, just briefly.
It says, for those who say Miami is dying, please address them with the following.
Property values in Miami continues skyrocket far above the national averages.
Property levels in Miami are concentrated among African-Americans and non-cubans.
Are you following that?
In other words, there's no property in Little Havana.
Is that what this person is suggesting it was that there are no shleppers in Little Havana or any other parts of date?
And then it goes on about the economy and this and that and the great entrepreneurial accomplishments of Cuban.
This is not about slapping your face.
How much is what we've done here.
And very ironic because he says Miami is the number one TV media and musical center for Latin America.
With most major Latin music videos and songs produced in Miami, most Latin TV programs are also produced in Miami, mostly Cuban owned.
It's not ironic that we couldn't have the Latin Grammys here because of the same reason that most people who live here and spend a lot of time here are nauseated and revolted and said the things we've been saying and what continue to say.
And a big song in advance about the airport is this and by the way, I hate to break the news to you about Miami Airport number two in the world for international passengers and freight.
The fact is that most of those passengers don't spend any time or any money in Miami or anywhere in the county.
I hate to break the news to you.
Just another one of these arrogant, oh look at what we've done and you know something fine, more power to you, but that still doesn't give you the right to dictate the way we run our God damn lives.
Trying to rationalize an unacceptable kind of behavior and you know something you're never going to sell it to this kid or to anybody with a brain.
Oh look what we've done. Great. Well, pack your God damn sandwich. Great. Patch on the back. Now what? What do you want to do for non-core?
Here's the column, Kendall, hello. How you doing now? Okay. Once again, you're the only breath fresh air and you know just give these macros.
Absolutely correct. Yes, right. You're the only one who at the one we had the one penny sales tax issue was knowing how instead of the herald.
But let me get sort of one point. My last nine MSNBC, Mr. Levy from the Cuban defense league, mentioned that the guns always family they're using the kid.
They're using the kids strictly as their own personal lottery ticket. But everyone seems to forget all the Cuban radio stations about three weeks ago ran a big fundraising thing where a couple hundred thousand dollars was raised.
It was put in the bank of Mary Aliso, where she works. Where is the money? Where is this money? I don't know. When he brought it up to the other person, some other woman was there defending it.
She got real hot and bothered that they should bring up where this money was. What happened? There's $200,000. It's probably the same place that the other $2500 from our OJ Gulf ferment went that was supposed to go to center one.
Yeah, there seems to be no counting for that money. All that money the people gave. Where is it going?
Probably going into pockets of all these due lawyers, I would think.
Anyway, it was one thing on a funny note. Then we get something else just for real quick second. My business associate Barry says that he wants to know if this kid is going to be here for pay's off.
Okay, and have a great day. All I can say to that is, pound five sixty on a AT&T line. The out of town line is open. If there's anybody in the free world out there who's interested in participating in this exercise in total and utter futility, get it over with.
Now, Janet, quit the podcasting around. Get on with it. Let's start the ball game. Let's get on with the important things.
Here's a couple of rage. I've been coming about this. He says that most of you colors are from Bauer.
I've been watching the, I see cut the rage Miami. I just say at least 60% of the cost today.
For his information, I'm key when I'm from date. And because of this whole situation, this happening Miami right now, I'm ashamed of it in both counts.
Okay, this guy is such an idiot. I'm out of my tier on the. Yeah, he's playing with it. 567, he would give one of those two.
Worldwide line for buyers. They're sitting over there yuck it up a store. I'm all those Yahoo's over there.
It's one of those rare times they can say that we're proud to be in for buyers and in poor Charlotte and in the Naples, etc.
If I were you over there in Naples, I wouldn't be too proud. You got the beastly to deal with. Here's Pemberpine. Hello?
Yeah, Pemberpine. Yes, sir. Yeah, I talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh speaking yet, Neil, I like to reply to this gun's always person that would you like to.
First of all, he only the only way the government can then that stand off is just cut off the food stance and the SSI checks.
There are people that are demonstrating in front of that house and you see how fast I'd line with Wingo to nothing.
Yeah, and that will go to Jackson Memorial Hospital and check on how much money the Cubans are costing the United States government and the taxpayers and they carry for the cost of a project.
When we're in hospital, going into the hole for millions and millions of dollars and all I've got to say to Mr. Gonzalez is Mama Lapita.
Okay. Should be on in a few minutes with us, by the way. That's the one thing he said that was right. Right.
Yeah, I have no idea what he's talking about. I mean, you know, just another one out there. What do I tell you?
Chronicle voice that have been listening to for 24 years, babbling a bunch of crap.
Your listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 QAF. The whole for South Florida sports.
Radio 560 QAF. The UQN. The **** is out.
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240s of the new GBA.
Here again, America's youngest talk show host, six year old Neil Rogers.
Okay. I just read on the news and I swear to you.
Yes, keep some costs. I don't know how.
Well, Neil, how's it going?
That's good. Well, sir, I can't for my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle.
I've got a good answer. I'm a version of people.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise and they said, no, my business.
Very, very, very nice.
Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Some are your own.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glu-sniffin' bedwater at a pansy.
They call. They say, far.
Did you say pansy? Don't you get off.
You're a mumbling.
I want my bike to the mouth every Saturday to the show.
And this guy called me named.
She and me are shame on you.
But we have you seen some of those bad boys at the New AMP?
No, what are you cackling about?
Hey, good to see you, my darling.
A million producers in the world are basically in here with me.
Hey.
This is my car.
Here in the castle.
Hello.
How do you know you're supposed to be such a nice boy?
And now you're so terrible?
Yeah, but you can't share it out.
You can't share it out.
I don't need this.
It's office from other stations.
Cathedral, Almira, Freddoria.
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque, sub-hueless, news bag.
Unbelievable.
To meet the hell.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone?
Oh, wow.
No, I have to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's knock it into the house.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night.
Somebody asked me.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I wasn't anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And do we need Truman, too?
Oh, shut up and drop the status.
And if you think he's bad now, it's what he had to do.
Oh, boy.
Okay, let me come back.
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
I hope not.
If you have someone who likes to listen to the radio, then Bill Bord's CDs has a brand new offer
that's so exclusive, we're only offering it to the general public.
It's top 40 on the tambourine.
Yes, get all your favorite top 42s with a focus and instruments stripped out.
So you hear only an auxiliary percussion instrument that most people find really unnecessary to begin with,
including songs like Smooth from Santana featuring Rob Thomas.
Meet Virginia by train.
Then the morning comes by Smashmouth.
Black balloon from the Google dolls.
Sugar Ray's someday.
Hangin' around by counting crows and many, many others.
Order in the next 38 minutes, 14 seconds.
And for significantly more amount of money, we'll give you a second CD called
Today's Hot Tentory on the Wittenblock featuring songs like Breathe from Faith Hill.
Cowboy, take me away by Dixie Chicks.
What do you say by Reba McIntyre?
My best friend by Tim McGraw.
So don't save your money for something important when you can carelessly squander it on two CD's
sort of collect dust in the back of your collection for years to come with top 40 on the tambourine end.
Today's Hot Tentory on the Wittenblock tour called Wittenhundreds.
Today.
You know, I think I could summarize that last fact that I was referring to.
It basically was saying Miami wouldn't be Schmidt without the Cubans.
And of course, look what it is today.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Well, listen, I believe that even though these guys are demonstrating, it's still a freedom of expression.
And we did not invent that.
It's been going on in this country forever.
So regardless of whether or not.
Let me say this to you, sir.
No, there's a difference between demonstrating and terrorizing, for example.
The threats of disrupting everything that these people don't like.
For example, the Latin Grammys or any of the other things that cannot take place here.
Consorts with lowest fanbend.
That hasn't been happening.
What's a good point?
You make a good point.
Right.
In addition to which threat.
You need to remotely.
Red need to disrupt the entire community because people don't always get their way.
It's not what it demonstrates all about.
It's not a question of getting your way.
It's a question of reminding people what is going on in that country.
No, sir.
We don't want to be reminded.
Okay, we're well aware of what's going on.
And I'm going to tell you, winning friends and influencing people.
If you really expect us to believe that they're trying to get people on their side by disrupting the traffic
and by dropping gravel under roads and blocking the highways and disrupting people's lives.
If that's the way to get sympathy for their position, then these people have got bad advice.
You are correct.
Yes.
If there is a political agenda behind this.
But it's a question of reminding people always.
Sir, we're not interested in being reminded.
Okay, we don't have all the timers yet.
Okay.
Go remind Ronnie Reagan.
He's having trouble remembering what it's all about.
We don't need to be reminded.
We can't get away with it for our way from it for a lover money.
We don't only wish we could get away from it.
And the, you know, see the bottom line is when you come here.
I don't see any Irish people carrying on a jug going nuts in the streets.
Because they're killing each other again in Northern Ireland.
And they just can't nail down that goddamn peace agreement.
The Protestants and the Catholics.
They keep protesting and killing and bombing and all the crap.
It's never, ever going to end.
I don't see it.
I just don't see these things from any other groups anywhere in America.
And stop making excuses.
Will you please all their reminding us?
We don't want to be reminded.
We already know we'll write it on the goddamn refrigerator.
We'll pull out of those goddamn Post-it notes on the refrigerator.
We don't need any more reminders.
You're rationalizing, you're excusing.
It is inexcusable.
We are tired of it.
This is a country of laws.
Well, and by the way, speaking of a country of laws,
here's a great editorial cartoon by Moran and Harold this morning.
It shows a place with a big theater with a big sign,
new dancing, a big marquee, live show, Triple X.
And right next to it, gunmart USA,
we blow away the competition, easy fast background checks,
Saturday night specials.
And it says above, which establishment does the Supreme Court ban
is a way of combating crime and other negative secondary effects?
That's right. Shoot them up, baby.
But that kind of shooting, scorch, corono, we don't like that.
Paste these in the G-string, that's what it's all about.
That's what's going to save America from Steve Allen,
all those other CNL parts that were on TV yesterday.
That was pathetic.
I mean, he really is lost as Marvel's.
With all those other right-wing Republican congressmen,
oh yeah, well, there's too much to violence or the sex
and the word crap was on it.
And they keep saying the word crap.
They know that it's being on the news and they keep saying it.
So just remember, the reason all those little kids are shooting each other,
not because everybody's got guns is because people are saying crap too much.
There's just too much crap going around.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Well, I'm down here about 10 years from New York.
I'm 26 years old.
Yes, sir.
White male.
And I was at the height, non-Hispanic male?
Yeah, non-Hispanic.
Okay.
And also, I called the mayor the other day.
Yes?
Yesterday, because I was kicked out your website.
I listened to you all the time.
But before I get to the mayor, I called you a little while back around December.
I was in New York and I came back down here and I said, what am I doing here after I came back?
Yes.
And I called you, I thought, because I think this is one of the early on thing first started.
But, you know, I've been here for 10 years.
I worked at the Hilton on my beach and my boss was Cuban and everything.
And he said he didn't want white parking there.
And now I'm like, doing them.
But that's just like, I'm so annoyed with what the way people are treated down here,
and especially the way that the community, the Cuban community, is axed towards everybody else.
Like they're more important than anything else in this community.
And it just...
It is arrogant, obnoxious, un...absolutely unacceptable, and ungrateful.
That's the thing that Bob has made.
When somebody gives you an opportunity, all the opportunities they're Cuban's a bad here,
and then to slap people in their face and say, hey, look what we've done and how successful we are.
We're going to have it our way now.
That's not the way the state rational people react and respond.
Right, I mean, I worked at the Hilton for 5 and a half years,
and then my boss, he's Cuban, he tells me he doesn't want white parking there.
And then he harasses me and harasses me and everything else.
So I'm suing him now. I mean, that's the sounds that I'm suing him.
Okay, now he's asked.
But, yeah, let me tell you about the mayor when I called him.
This is even better.
I spoke with him, Miguel.
Yeah.
And next thing I call him, I said, yeah, I read the article in the paper in the Sunsendale,
and I told him, I said, I read it, and I'm a little disturbed by the comments that Mayor Paneu was made.
I said, I'm not a resident of the county anymore, however I do work there, so it does apply to me.
I feel that my state...
And what are these saying?
Oh, he says, oh, well, well, this is a very sensitive topic and we're trying to do...
And I said, well, why are you trying to do?
I said, nothing to do with the county of David.
I said, this is a federal United States matter.
This is nothing to do with the county.
Yeah, when you're forgetting, the county's got its own foreign policy.
Well, I know, and I told him, I said the county's only in any of the cities that those mayors that were up there,
their only responsibility in this entire matter is just to maintain order.
And make sure that people are not getting...
Yeah, it's probably right.
Like, finally...
And to a farting into a wind storm, man, that's the response you're going to get.
Good luck, pal.
All right, thank you.
Okay.
Yeah, they claimed they had 400 phone calls, which I'm disappointed if that's all they really got at the mayor's office.
And that's 60% more anti-what he said.
Now, that's very sad.
That 40% could back him and could support...
I don't buy that.
Well, that's what they're saying.
That's probably coming from your good friend.
One man, he had a probably coming from him.
One of your people, of course.
Here's a fact from Bill reference Mr. Gonzalez and that fact that I read earlier.
I haven't even read this yet, but I'll read it to a cold.
It says, I've lived in South Florida my entire life.
It's become apparent that I and others like me born as U.S. citizens have idly sat back
and let your extremist, Kubano, brethren take control of our local government.
I'm ashamed of myself and all of their Americans have allowed this to happen.
Your opinion, Mr. Gonzalez, is typical of the barbaric mentality those in your community have chosen to take.
I'm not jealous of Cubans who become successful.
I'm disgusted with the way many of them have done so.
Land-owned companies, really, hire American employees with any ethnic group other than their own.
Their customer service over the years has gotten more and more discriminatory as the years pass.
I can't walk into a shop on Southwest 8th Street without getting dirty looks and bad service.
Every time your Cuban demonstrators block the streets or spit in the face of our democratic way of life,
my stomach heaves.
Your mentality is almost adolescent.
If anyone should be mad, it's to be those of us who have spent our lives in this city and seen it slowly crumbling the Schmidt because of people like you.
Last of all, and yet foremost, a warning.
I'll be the first one to admit that those of us who have lived in this country from birth have slowly grown numb to idiocy.
We see gaining a foothold on our shores, but be prepared to battle a sleeping giant.
It may take a lot for us to get off our ass and get involved, but you're coming close.
Early on, it's unfortunate you got caught in the middle of a childish tug of war.
We seem to all forget that the father and cuba has gone through the loss of his wife, even if she was estranged at the time it's still a loss.
The abduction of his son is not the kind of response one would have hoped for, but an exiled community who fights for the oppression of their own people.
You, some of your own success to get an army together with all your brave talk and patriotism, God I'm sure will help see a help for your country.
You may even see the vision of the Virgin Mary and the plume of smoke from the explosions in your vending rebellion.
You're a pussy, and so is every cuba who sits over here in the freedom of America eating more than their fair share by the looks of their fat asses says Bill.
How do you like that? Don't let a bit upset it sounds like to me.
You know what I'm saying? It sounds a little bit pissed off.
Yeah!
And fired up.
About their fat asses.
I don't know, let me go, don't have a fat ass.
Well, we keep coming back to him.
It just happens to be handy, okay? Maybe he does have a fat ass.
I don't know.
About it.
So sad, so juvenile, so devices, so hate-filled, so such crap, such garbage.
Thank you Mayor Pingafakenia for your spectacular, bossy leadership, not for pandering to a very narrow constituency, for being a professional ethnic.
As opposed to a man with vision and leadership, and all this will in the paper, well, Mike Abrams says this, and this political expert says that about this guy's political future, he's got no political future.
Take it to the bank.
See, one thing about this program, because even though I may be an atheist, communist, the fact whatever it is, the fact is that when we take these surveys and we see like the presidential thing, people don't aren't going to support a Democrat strictly because I'm a Democrat.
We get all kinds of Bush people and we had McCain people.
We have a vast number of opinions among the people in this radio show.
So as opposed to taking a poll on the Spanish language stations, basically with 99% of the people all are in agreement, and like I said before, they're preaching to the choir.
You're actually going to get a hell of a lot more representative of a cross-section of opinions on this program than you are anywhere else in this community.
And this is what you'd be wasting your time with the Spanish language stations trying to offer.
You know what it's like? It's like when they had the demonstration down there at the INS, when they alienated when they had the first wave of hysteria, and there were one or two guys who were down there with science, and he belongs back with his father, and they were wanting to kill him.
Yeah, and one guy, his hysterical commenters, you're an ethnic commenter. I'm never forget that. I think I would have green sure, just psychotic.
And then they had the thing, it's just their jeans house. And you remember that one poor slide that came in and a young guy with his sign?
And the cops said, you better turn around and get your ass out of here because you may not walk out.
See, that's not my idea of a peaceful demonstration. That's my idea of terrorism.
And anybody who thinks that Dave County doesn't exist under terrorist threat all the time is dreaming.
Here's Pemberpine. Hello.
Hey, anybody doing?
Okay. Good afternoon, sir.
Sir, today's my birthday.
Wow, how about that?
Yeah.
I'm going to actually give you a little one.
Thank you.
If I could find one.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Oh, my wife's listening.
Can I tell her I've gone?
She knows about a little one, too.
Listen, about Elian.
I'm tired of it also.
Oh, I'm a spaniard.
Okay.
I was born in New York, but I was raised in Spain.
And my family came out of Cuba through Spain.
And I'm a Paul that has all these old parts that are just like making a huge deal.
They're hanging on to this issue because they're just desperate.
It's been 40 years.
And I understand their side.
I understand it.
But on the other hand, I understand the people that are calling in.
Okay.
And they're concerned, hey, the roads and all that.
Listen, you know, get off the roads and-
And get down on it away from the airport.
That's right.
Don't keep threatening to do this and that and the other.
And then they have the politicians that have the mayor stand up there and say,
oh, well, we're not going to be responsible for what's going to happen.
Because the federal government is provoking these people.
And as if to somehow justify that they're entitled to go ape-
ape crap if they can't get their way every time.
And it's unacceptable.
Anybody with a brain knows that this isn't a debatable point.
And politicians, you know, turn coach that they are always.
Okay.
Now you got Albert, you know, Mr. Al-
What a joke.
That is a very big joke because all he's doing is-
he's going for the Latin vote.
And that's all he's doing.
And he's not going to get it.
He's not going to get it.
All he's going to do is piss off non-Latin's and that might cost him the state of Florida.
I bet you anything he went to above up before he did this.
And he said, listen, I'm coming out with this.
Okay.
You know, and it's just for the vote.
Yeah.
I don't want to come in out.
He's going to work for Barney Frank.
Yeah.
Hey, Leo, thanks a lot, Matt.
And I'm going to get ready to go.
That's Barney Fag, boy.
Bring him down here.
He'll knock these bastards in the shape.
Your listening to the best of real Roger on 560 QAM.
He's a new officer.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
This Sunday, on the sopranos.
So what, no f***ing DNA?
Hey!
Well, mate.
What's up, my f***ing sister?
This is it.
Here comes the pro's act.
You want to take the lips over the tent.
Tootle f***ing oof.
You mother f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing out of tune, Rob.
Don't you take me to f***ing ed?
The words will come blowing out your ass.
I'm totally sure I'm getting a trophy.
There's two things I'm good at.
It's full of vents.
I spot in good f***ing jobs.
I might not be able to watch my other ass.
You know that.
You're born to this f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing idiot.
Can you just shut the f*** up without his chest?
Stick it up your ass.
I'm gonna touch your f*** off.
Get yourself under the vapor, Roger.
You're stupid mother f***ing f***ing you, know that?
You f***ing piece of s***.
Oh, please.
Don't start with your name, business.
What the f*** is your problem?
What the f***ing audience would you vote for?
I bet you're very good to your mother.
F***ing ass f***ing f***ing wad.
You're f***ing f***ing f***ing old.
You're f***ing f***ing f***ing old.
It's nothing but a bracket for the Jews.
Yes, Christ. How you doing?
No, Z. Get your money, God.
I can't eat, Dad. It's got cholesterol.
Can I just get some macaroni and grape and f*** you?
You f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing me.
I don't like that kind of talk.
Anybody else want a mouth off?
F*** this.
I'm going to bokeh.
I got a couple of overlaps now.
I've been trying to get through here.
They're also the last practice.
Oh, and this is probably great for your ratings too.
You ought to be grateful to Ali on all the stuff.
Yeah, like I invented this.
Isn't it amazing how I managed to manipulate all the stuff that's going on around me
and we can exploit it in Yadi Yadiya?
Believe me, I'd be the first one to squeeze myself feverishly
if this would just all go away.
One way or the other, just bring it to a conclusion.
Let's go on with life.
Believe me.
Oh, but we got to remind you.
I don't want to remind you, okay?
Like I said, we'll put a post-it note on the refrigerator.
Here's the gable.
Hello.
Yes, Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
This is a best I'm calling from Call Gable.
The reason why I was calling was because I feel like you have a lot of control
about the issues that are talked in your show.
And I'm just curious of why you just don't press the release button
and everybody that calls in and you want to have to talk about the Cubans
and the whole thing.
I think that you enjoy this conversation because this is what gives you ratings.
No, I talk about whatever is going on.
I've always done that.
Well, you're always, you're all fed because it is a thing.
Whether it was a penny, we're going to have a conversation.
You just want to make a speech.
Go ahead.
Whether it was a penny sales tax, which had nothing to do with Cubans
that the mayor tried to impose on Dave County,
or whatever else is going on.
That's what I've been doing for 24 years.
I didn't invent the topic.
Well, maybe I heard wrong when you were saying that you were sick
of having to talk about this topic.
You don't have to talk about it.
You have a lot of control over your show.
And I think that you have a lot of strong points.
And why would you like me not to talk about it?
Because you don't like what I'm saying, is that it?
No, because you're the one that's complaining.
I'm fine.
I can hear what you're saying.
And I can disagree.
You have very strong points.
But the reason is, the reason why your strong points don't come out correctly is because you have a lot of anger
and hatred against certain groups.
No, no, I do not.
Oh, I think you do.
No, I do not.
Well, that's why you have your opinion.
No, no, no.
This has been an opinion.
You're describing certain attitudes to me that don't exist.
I don't hate my opinion.
This is my opinion.
I don't care what your opinion is.
I don't deal with groups.
I deal with people as individuals.
I've always said that.
I don't give a damn what's coming to your mind.
Everybody that calls in and they give in to your, you treat them like puppets.
You give them what they want to hear and they come back to you.
Am I treating you like a puppet?
I'm listening to what you have to say.
You're not treating me like a puppet because I am against what you're believing.
I have come up every point.
How come I didn't cut you off?
How come I didn't cut you off?
How come I didn't cut you off?
You have a lot of anger.
And you need therapy.
Okay, I need therapy.
Oh, here we go.
You need therapy and you have a lot of anger.
That's why she would like me to stop talking about it because I'm not singing the right
tune.
Too bad, sweetheart.
You can't handle the truth, Kenya.
Emotional cripple.
Maybe you're the one who needs therapy.
Oh, yeah.
Hate these ethnic groups and your fellow bitters.
You know something, sweetheart?
You just don't kid it.
You're another one of these brainwashed idiots.
I don't care whether you're Cuban, Nicaraguan, Portuguese.
I don't.
It doesn't give a main anything to me.
I've been all over the world.
And like my mother would say, and it's one of the few things that she's ever said that makes any sense, people are people.
That's it.
All you kids out there, people are people.
It doesn't make a goddamn bit of difference.
Choose and goiim and gay and straight all this other crap like I've told you, it's a million times if you listen to this show.
And obviously she does even though it pains her tremendously.
Labels sucking.
Labels sucking.
And like what we do in these pools, like we do in the day with the ethnic thing on our website.
And it just not a curiosity, just to see we have listening out there.
Which of course kind of, then you then you look at that and you match it up to the opinions you're hearing.
And it gives you a little bit of a better idea.
I just don't care.
It's one of the last things that ever comes to mind if I meet somebody, what country are you from?
Where were your parents born?
What is your ethnic background?
What the hell do I care?
What kind of fairy tales do you believe in?
I'm the one that's bitter.
But I need therapy.
Here's the growth.
Neil.
This is one dollar.
I sent you a fact earlier this morning.
Yes.
That you received.
Totally unacceptable.
Well, can I have my self for a minute?
I mean, I read your faction that's entirety and now you're calling in on top of it?
No, I'm not going to talk about the fact itself.
Yeah.
Okay.
But that's not to put with you talking about the faction.
I mean, the facts went on for like two or three minutes and now you're calling in as well as if I didn't give you enough air time.
But go ahead.
Well, first of all, the reason I sent, first of all, the facts, the only thing that the facts contained was just some favorable comments about Cuban.
That's all it was.
It wasn't condoning the protest.
But what is it?
What does that have to do with it reminds me of it's like every time it's like this Jewish defense thing.
Every time somebody writes something anti-Semitic, we have to write about old Einstein did this.
I'm going to tell you why I wrote that.
Can I finish this statement?
Please.
Yes.
I don't subscribe to that kind of paranoia, that kind of defensive attitude about your religion or whatever it is.
And it's unnecessary.
Okay.
Maybe it is.
Maybe it has nothing to do with the issue.
Okay.
Maybe it is with you.
Okay.
I listen to your show.
I've been listening to your show for years.
I'm going to continue listening to your show.
It's very entertaining.
Yeah.
And it's a damn good show.
Yes, it is.
Okay.
In spite of what that bitch said before, yes.
Yeah.
Well, in fact, if you will continue listening to.
The reason I sent that fact, which has caused about eight of callers to call you on that.
Why do you have a lot of response at least?
Yes, because they have a lot of response.
And the reason why I got a lot of response was because I was just pointing out some good things about Cubans.
But forget about that.
No, but you didn't do it in a very reasonable way.
They came about as very arrogant.
That's the word.
I'm going to say something to all the callers up there.
I am as American as American could be.
But anyhow, the reason I sent the fact was because that was outraged at some of the things
your callers say.
Because to me, some of your callers are as profound, at least sound as extreme as the same people
they are criticizing.
They call Cubans crazy, morons, barbarians, send them back to Cuba, all sorts of things.
Well, because they call them pissed off.
They're angry and they're pissed off.
I understand.
Just because you're angry and unacceptable.
You say just because the Cuban exiles are angry and unacceptable doesn't mean they have to get their way in protest.
Well, just because some of your callers are angry and unacceptable doesn't mean they shouldn't say some of the stuff that they say.
That's outrageous.
Because they're talking about that.
I think that a great mega.
They're talking about grandma.
I think you're a great mega.
You know something.
My grandmother was a very nice person, but she said she was crazy as a bed bug.
She used to stand in front of the candles on Friday night.
And by rules and color, and all that stuff.
She was also religious superstitious nut.
You know, but Neil, you know that a lot of the comments that are being very big of this comment.
They really are.
Because this kind of stuff, this business of trying to continually rub people's noses in this and terrorize them.
And they're like, so what do you think that is?
This is what it does.
I know that in Canada is a creates enormous friction that's tension and hatred.
Who wrongs?
Don't make a right.
That's correct.
Okay.
And I just want to let you know that, you know, Cubans don't burn the American flag.
They don't have a certain name.
They have a certain.
Cubans don't do anything.
Any more than Jews do anything.
Let me say it again.
People are people.
I'm sure that there are...
You could find a Cuban who is burned in American flag.
I could find a Jew who's burned in American flag.
You could find a Jew who's burned inside.
I'm not entirely speaking.
I'm just...
So what does that mean?
Okay.
Well, that means...
A lot of people...
A lot of people...
That's the case.
How come we see so many of these damn Cuban flags?
Every time we see these protests.
Well, let me...
That's not the flag of this country.
That's the flag of a communist country.
Give me one more minute and I'll explain it to you.
Okay.
I, if you're willing to listen.
I'm listening.
Okay.
First of all, if you're watching this on TV, you think the Cubans are protesting our anti-Americans.
That is as far from the truth as can be.
Cubans love this country.
Why are they...
Why are they waving the Cubans flag?
For us, it's a country in Vietnam.
Why are they...
That way you're...
All you're doing is giving me a re-K for Nandist column again.
Why are they waving the flag of a communist country in our country?
Okay.
Because they hope to bring attention not to the U.S.
but to the Cuban issue.
And they hope that by waving their Cuban flags, if it's broadcasted in Cuba, for example, that they feel...
It's a big stretch.
I don't agree with this.
I don't think it's a successful stretch.
This is just like the guy that called me before.
The young guy that said, we have to try to keep reminding.
You know something?
We don't need any reminders, my friend.
I have a great day.
We already know.
Believe me.
Nobody who lives here can get away from it for five seconds.
You go to the toilet.
There it is.
There's Fidel looking you right back in the face.
I think it's the tidy bullman.
It's Fidel.
Schmidthead.
Oh, God.
Your listening to the Feth of Neil Rogers on 560 QAAB.
Swordsack radio WQKL.
Another dead.
Yes, another dead.
Keeping through with the keyhole.
Watching mom and dad.
Keeping through with the keyhole.
And that's what we ever had.
Mom and dad were playing pegs.
My fair on the peg.
Mommy used to her probies as a teleport daddy's head.
Mommy's head was bobbing.
She almost got whipped.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a notebook.
She's been through the keyhole.
I'm sure what I see.
What I sure do like you more than anything on TV.
Mom and dad were hooked together like my drinking wands.
What's going on?
Something like that.
Mom went to yell it at the doors.
God was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He must have had a pooh-pooh cause she took them where he pees.
He's been through the keyhole.
Watching mom and dad.
Keeping through the keyhole.
The most thought we ever had.
But we watched her little longer.
And I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Helmer,
one mom asked for it.
Daddy's grown and his eyes pulled back.
Mommy wanted more.
She went back on top of him but oh he did was sore.
She's been through the keyhole.
I saw men in hat.
I can't wait to drive it down.
I'm so throwing my class.
I can't wait to drive it down.
I'm so throwing my class.
Seven o'clock to pregame.
730 Ottawa Senators in the Panthers.
5,000 unsold seats.
Gonna be there.
No.
I'll be there.
It's like when all these people come up to me with the hockey games.
And I meet them for the first time.
People I've never seen before.
Or I maybe saw like six months ago.
They don't say, hi Neil.
I'm Cuban.
Or I'm Neil.
I'm a Puerto Rican.
Or I'm a Jewish.
What's all the y-car?
It's like Jacob when he came down to shake my hand the other day.
Do y-car where he's from?
No.
No.
I just hope he comes back soon.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, no one.
Okay.
Boy, that air is fantastic.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
You have no idea how sorry.
Oh, what a place.
The comment that I just want to make real quick here and let you go is I know you're going to be leaving pretty soon.
I am.
There was something in the paper that disturbed me.
I'm going to be leaving pretty soon.
I got to get out of here.
I got to go to South Miami.
Okay.
Okay.
But there's something that disturbed me very, very, very, very much in the paper this morning.
And that is a picture of a man holding a two and a half year old boy that was snatched from his mother.
And taken back to Jordan.
Where were the Cuban people for this?
They don't care about that.
Why not?
She's Puerto Rican.
Yeah.
Oh, they even now the more reason that.
Okay.
Where were they?
What is the hypocrisy here?
Yeah.
If the Miami-Date police department went in there and helped and they're not going to help with the Iliant thing, I think there's a big problem here.
Yeah.
And that guy who just called up and sent you that facts, they tried to say that he is American as American or whatever.
And all he said was things co-cuban, then I suggest, yes, you should go back.
And that is still a communist flag.
Okay. And have a great day.
Here's a fat Ross, a proud law abiding American, factored and says mayor Alex Pingapicania.
How dare you pretend to represent a county in the United States and a panoramic of the lawlessness of your Cuban cronies.
In case you haven't noticed, we have laws in this country.
We are a country of laws that must be obeyed even if we don't like the outcome.
I always remember that you and your Cuban people are living in my country, not the other way around.
You say you will hold my president responsible for any civil unrest when the blame goes to all Cubans who chose to leave Cuba as opposed to fighting your tyrant in your country as my forefathers did here in this country.
Arianne has not been sent back to Cuba.
He's been sent back to his father who happens to live in a country that you and all your compatriots fled while tripping over each other to get here.
You should thank God and kiss the ground of the U.S. every day you live here.
My grandfather fought in WW1, my dad fought in WW2, and I faithfully served my country with the freedom that you've done nothing to enjoy.
You make me ashamed to have voted for you but never again since Ross was the last name, etc.
I was going to Ross, stick it to him that Mayor Pingapicania.
I guarantee you got a lot more than 400 phone calls over there and faxes, etc.
It's on our website by the way on neo-rangis.com.
He's got it all on there with the email address and the phone number for Mayor Pingapicania's office, etc.
His office.
Oh yeah, well we only had five calls and of course four of the five were very enthusiastically supportive of us.
They all said, Viva Mayor Picania.
Oh God.
And at one page in the hear over there, they're trying to rationalize about his political future and about all the great publicity he's getting.
It's mind-bought scary, terrifying.
Here's sunrise.
Some rise.
Going once.
Speak to me.
Yes, we really enjoy your program.
Thank you.
I saw it yesterday's paper where the flower of Ileon would be cutting probably Washington.
He's coming.
And it's said that he might be bringing a lot of Ileon's little friends from his school.
And I just wanted to say that the parents of those children from Cuba will never see them again.
Well, they should be very, very cautious because if any of those children who come here
will have a distant relative or a great, great grandmother living here someplace,
that battery of attorneys that Ileon family has will probably file for residency for all those children
that we're going to have another 10 or 15 Ileons more to contend with.
Well, let's hope that, let's hope the relatives are all of it in Jersey.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Cuban American here, man.
All right.
I'm embarrassed to tell what was going on.
I'm embarrassed, but I must say I don't agree with him going back home.
Yeah.
Well, if you're entitled, you could, like I said, you can make an argument either way.
You know, I don't have one thing to say to the human.
Stay out the roads, man.
Stay out the roads.
Stayed the hell away from the airport.
Exactly.
And the port of Miami, because I work in exports.
Stay away from the airport unless you get on a plane outgoing.
You know, they're embarrassing to all of everybody.
They're going about it the wrong way.
Right.
But the kids should now go back.
I don't know.
You know, I don't know what else to say.
I just don't think you should.
That police is a sh**.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
56670560, Pog.
I guess he hasn't seen the parts of the little of Anneli.
Either way, I guess.
Here's a Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Yes, sir.
Okay, you're, uh, you're coming to a little.
I know.
Sorry.
Okay.
I'm here.
We're always having to apologize because the phones never work.
But anyway.
Sir.
Yes, it is.
Oh, I'm sorry.
First time I called you.
I apologize.
I'm an American and you've had some excellent calls today and you've had some very excellent
factors and I haven't agreed with most of them except for Moan, Mr. Gonzalez.
I'll over the one that I didn't understand.
What I don't understand is nobody seems to bring up the matter of how do we impeach the mayor?
Shooting up the accountable for his action and for what he said on those inflammatory remarks.
Well, that was my first reaction and I agree wholeheartedly he ought to be impeached or recalled.
But, you know, it takes somebody who lives in Dade County, it takes somebody like a Dan Paul or somebody who's got some legal and political clout to it to organize, you know, a petition drive.
And I just don't see it happening because you can have an 81 year old woman then shoot up against Scott Cowan here in Biod County.
And I don't understand why our system, why our own government can't bring shoot against him on, you know, on the basis of this hood.
Right.
I mean, his actions are totally un-American, they're ordering on what I consider treason.
They're treasonable remarks.
Yeah, I agree.
And the same laws that protect the alien and Gonzalez, which he's not entitled to, aren't protecting me because I can't go to Dade County now because I feel that I'm losing my civil rights.
And like I said, you know, it's 12 more than half of those mayors that who he claimed were all on his side this morning and yesterday made sure that they distance themselves by a million miles from him who were abused and humiliated.
So, is there anything I can do as a borrowed county citizen that's to help bring procedures against him?
No, if I find somebody in Dade County, you must know somebody in Dade County who knows a lawyer or some rabble browser in Dade County and put a bug in here.
Okay.
I'll do that.
Good luck.
Thank you.
And you'll have my support.
I'll guarantee you that.
You'll have my 5,000 percent support, even though I live, I work in Dade County.
I got to write to have an opinion.
And like I said, I go to the airport a lot and use it very, very much.
And I guarantee you, it's wind up spending even just for magazines and candy and crap at the airport.
Spend more money than most of those goddamn green tooth assholes everweld in the lifetime at MIA.
Even if it is all going in the mirror's back pocket.
Not there's corruption you understand.
I'm international.
I'm in Dade County.
I understand that.
You're listening to the theft of Neil Rogers on 560 QAL.
