This is 4th radio 560 EW AM.
4th radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Clotterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh right.
You talked to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for Naden Rarard or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM beefy read acquisitions or the beefy broadon asked for.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Ray Whitney has appeared.
It's Friday, you're fast, dude.
I'm the label.
Good morning, Ray's side.
I'm 60, follow.
Oh.
I'm the poster of the song and the poster for you.
Oh.
Good morning, Ray's side.
I'm no longer alive.
For the time being.
I'll be taking a good nap in the bar.
Go ahead and shoot me this song for season 2.
I'm no longer alive.
My other hip was only from the prime of 15th row day.
I feel no one's home.
If you think you don't got a clue, any father, I'll write you down to keep your feet.
Good morning, Ray's side.
It's the sweat you've dyed.
My eyes are open wide, but I can't see the sky.
Good morning, Ray's side.
Right, Ray, I'll believe that I no longer have the faith.
This death is pouring, thinking song.
This was a gift for me and the song may change.
Don't play me as a tie by me in a charm.
Yes, it was me who did she and sang this song.
Okay, tell her three at five sixty W.C.M. Happy Friday to me.
Here's the fact that just came in.
It says Bill Bradley is more Wall Street money than any other candidate Republican Democrat.
He's the complete political hypocrite.
They didn't call him dollar bill in his plane days for nothing.
Where was he when Reagan was destroying the country's middle class?
Thanks, an Al Gore voter.
How do you like that?
Dollar bill.
Now is that one, two or three dollar bill?
That's the obvious question.
Okay, here we go.
Here's the final result.
Yesterday's poll on the on our website, theorudges.com.
We asked the does America need stronger gun control laws?
A lot of votes, 410 votes.
328 percent of the 328 people, 80 percent said,
and only 82 people said,
no, 20 percent.
Let me say it again, 328 yes, 82 no, 80 to 20 percent.
So how do you like that?
Are you gun huggers? Are you squeezers out there?
Are you red necks and Yahoo's?
And just keep in mind, by the way, where's that other fact?
I had about John McCain.
About the thing that's in USA today, which I did not look at.
Thank you.
It says you might want to check out today's USA today.
No, there's an article about why I get to be pressed if I did.
There's an article about Democrats who are voting for McCain,
even though they disagree with him on virtually every issue.
It says it'll make you.
Barf.
Also, doesn't the king remind you of the Martin Sheen character
from movie Dead Zone?
Yeah.
How did you kind of mention it?
What is that all about based on what?
Based on he's a former.
He's a new and different fresh face.
And he's not any of the other guys.
I don't know.
See what people are forgetting is in the beginning.
Remember like a few months ago, like Bush was 700 points ahead of Gore.
Remember that?
And Bradley.
And then all of a sudden, is it like people start finding out more about these people.
See, right now, John McCain is an enigma to most people.
They haven't got any idea.
Even though he's been in a Senate for 17 years, they have got any idea who he is,
what he stands for, what is voting record is, what he reads all about.
And when it comes to gun control, by the way, keep in mind,
this is the same man who won't even support registering of handguns
because he says that the Constitution, the founding fathers,
didn't make any exception for that.
Yeah, he says there's nothing to the Constitution about having your right to own an automobile.
Like I said yesterday, were they like psychic?
Did they know that somebody was going to invent the automobile and they wrote the Constitution?
No.
No.
But basically what he's saying is that there should be no restriction.
So if he's right about not registering guns and not having any more gun control,
then why shouldn't little kids be able to own guns?
Because there's nothing in the second amendment or anywhere in the Constitution that says
you can put an age restriction on it.
That's just arbitrary.
Not only is it arbitrary to do it, but it's arbitrary to pick the age.
How about five?
Five?
There shouldn't be anything.
Your kid is born, you should give him a piece and a gun too.
How do you like that?
Yeah, according to John McCain, you go down the whole list of issues,
whether it's abortion, whether it's guns.
Every single one of the right wing agenda, everyone, he's right there
with this strong thermite and the extreme right and has been for 17 years.
And his big new deal is now campaign finance reform.
And the meantime, the reason that he's been in the center for all his years
is because he gets all of this special interest money.
He's been taking it just like everybody else.
But he's a reformer now.
I had it.
It's really kind of scary.
Anyway, before we continue our poll question today, which will linger over the weekend.
And this is kind of because now that we just started doing this thing with the poll on the Internet,
which I love doing this, by the way, it's interesting and getting a lot of response.
But find a little bit more about the people we have out there because when you do it anonymously like this,
then it then nobody has to hold back.
Nobody's going to recognize your voice.
Nobody's going to be playing any games.
And so today we're going to ask a little sexual question.
Do you consider yourself exclusively heterosexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or not sure?
I see when I said that to George this morning, not sure he chuckled too.
And I don't see why because there are people out there who are confused.
I don't know.
I'm finding myself.
I'm reading around.
Yeah, I know it's true.
They're finding themselves.
I mean, we've got some pictures on the bulletin board back here that I could show you.
And I think if you reacted to them, you know, positively or negatively.
I think that would pretty much tip your hand, so to speak.
It tips my hand every time I look at it.
Kind of like down around this area.
Yeah.
Then we got some more information about this diet and speaking diets.
They had the big deal up there and watched it yesterday.
Fat busters joust over diet plans is the headline.
Yeah, they were tossing bacon and eggs at each other and tofu and alfalfa sprouts.
And then my old friend John McDougal was there too, which I'm reading in the article here.
I haven't heard from him in a coons age.
Oh, there he goes again.
He hasn't been on 10 minutes.
You know, already said the word cool.
John McDougal was very big on the what the hell was the name of his plan on W.
It's news years ago.
I had him on and I'm sure some of you might have the books from a hundred years ago.
The McDougal something, but I got and I may I used to think that was guilt.
McDougal let that did that, but it was John McDougal and it's basically around rice.
Is what it's geared around.
The only problem is that when you're diabetic, rice sends your blood sugars just like
a pasta skyrocketing to unbelievable heights.
So I don't know if that right.
All the way.
Do you like brown rice?
I love brown rice.
I like rice, too.
I like rice too, but it's not as good for us allegedly.
Or is that just a state of mind?
The brown rice has the fiber, which of course is good for you.
And of course, it will make you shmit.
So we have thousands of things to talk about today.
Also that Peter will ralthing.
Let me just mention this about that.
And by the way, nice going there Ray.
I thought Paul was my buddies come through for me last night with that game.
Boy, we're lucky to win that game.
Both newspapers, big thing.
The NHL says the referee made a mistake where ralc it was a clean hit.
It was a shoulder not an elbow, but you know something.
It doesn't make any difference.
Because your reputation in all sports precedes you.
And when you've got a reputation as a goon and you're constantly given out cheap shots and elbowing people and cross checking people away from the play.
Then sooner or later and more often than not, not just sooner or later, more often than not, you're going to get nailed.
Even when you don't deserve it.
And the bottom line has to go back to Terry Murray.
What's he doing out there in that Washington game, the biggest game of the year, three shifts in the last five minutes.
He played Russian, we're left with the biggest game of the year and he lost.
Nice going, Terry.
And you can get pissed off at the big portals and threaten them like you want.
But the fact is you blew it in that game, Jackass.
Did I mention by the way that the hit him like poison.
I'm very very very.
I thought I mentioned it again this morning.
It happens to be true.
Geldy likes him though.
Of course, Geldy likes everybody.
Ten minutes after 10 at 560 except for what's his name?
Jigs.
Ten after 10 at 560 WQM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM.
No.
acquisition course.
That is the fallout of the Florida Panthers, Wilson and Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560.
Oi.
This is Bob Dull, the face for ED.
Rick Dyle, the function.
Speaking to you, front of a classroom of children, the heartland of America.
You know, one out of every 10 American males has some sort of ED.
I've got five different kinds.
Matter of fact, my plumbing is so messed up, Bob Dull, peace out his belly button.
Hey, sir.
Yes, small person.
What's ED?
Ah.
Well, you know that feel when you get around your pelvis when you see Adrian Barbos.
Woo!
Ah.
Ah, how about Josie from Josie and the pussycats?
Woo!
Well, how about that genie and the bottle girl?
Oh, yeah.
I know that feeling.
Well, there you go.
Bob Dull doesn't have it.
Because of ED, no matter how much I rub, the genie stays in the bottle.
Ha, ha, right now I'm 10 chapters into a harlequin romance and nothing.
Ha, ha, not even a stirring.
I had a satellite dish put in so I could receive 600 channels of hardcore porn.
Still nothing.
What's that?
Uh, well, that's what your dad watches when your mom's upstairs reading.
You ever notice your dad changes the channel real quick when you walk in and slide to fellow over his lap?
Yeah.
He's probably trying to find a way to work through ED.
Either that or he's just a perv.
Ha, ha, ha.
Bob Dull, standing in that fits to America's youth.
Look at your kid.
Nothing.
That is a door now.
10, 16 and 5, 60, WQM, Happy Friday too.
Here's the fact that says what the hell is going on in this country.
Firstly, impeach Clinton for getting a few BJs in the oral office.
Now Larry King invited Tonya Harding for a full hour because she beat her boyfriend with a hubcap.
See, that's the whole thing.
They should change the name of that show instead of Larry King live or whatever they call it.
They should call it Larry King sucks ass obnoxious morons for an hour on CNN because that's basically what it is.
Once in a great while he might have somebody on there that I like or might be interested in.
Tonya Harding, Jerry Falwell, Lewis Beracan, AirBee Skumbag, AirBee Pat Robertson, over and over.
Reverend Schurr with his crystal cathedral 80 trillion dollars.
And it says what about that bitch Darva Konger?
She's on every channel.
Say she didn't do it for the money.
Do we believe that?
No.
I saw a couple of minutes of that with Matt Lauer which I never watched but I was channel surfing this morning and saw that bitch.
Although to be honest with her they had her made up pretty good.
They must have done something over in Kubrick that she's very modeled.
That was yeah on that show because they keep showing the clip from that show.
She had like a chicken neck, you know.
But at any rate, forget about how she looked.
The fact is that if she's so goody too, she was about it.
And she was so offended that he kissed her on the lips and the whole thing was a scam in her first place.
What was she doing there?
What was she doing there if she was so offended and if her sensibilities were so like that I beat her a little bit about it.
And he turned out to be such a scumbag.
Slut whore, you picked the word.
That's the kind of people that do that kind of stuff.
Professional.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
Prostitution is fine.
It shouldn't be the government's business.
What transactions go on between private individuals?
I don't see any problem with that.
For example, if Miguel has maybe 20 minutes of spare time this morning, I got paid today.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, what's wrong with that?
It's a private transaction.
Oh no, it's a...
Why have you been waste your time with it, right?
Hope urges religious peace.
Right next to the story about John Henry, which I'll get to by the way.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
I'm not going after a Mickey.
Oh, this is going to be good.
A battle beat.
You know what that's going to be like?
Mickey Erison against John Henry.
It's like an elephant stepping on an ant.
That's how much trouble Mickey's going to have in squashing his egg.
Oh, John Henry, who are you kidding?
But anyway, so the Pope urges religious peace between the Christians and the Muslims.
That's on the front page.
But buried little further inside is this lovely story from Kaduna Nicaria in Africa.
Religious strife in Nigerian city simmers down.
Isn't that a great headline?
Hey, simmer down on you crazy, Afro-kuners.
Christian and Muslim leaders promised Thursday to work together to restore peace in the troubled city of Kaduna.
Residents trickled back at the Breastroons streets after two days of religious clashes, left at least 200 people dead.
Oh!
The Christians and the Muslims, baby.
Good old time religion.
Oh!
Schools and most doors are main closed, but hawkers were back in the streets where police and soldiers maintained.
A heavy presence.
Fighting erupted Monday during an demonstration by Christians against a proposal to bring Islamic law to Kaduna state.
By Wednesday an uneasy comment been restored to Kaduna, one of the largest cities in northern Nigeria.
Christians and the Muslims and the Jews and the Creed like the song says,
Everybody hates everybody else because they don't believe the same fair retails.
I got to write fair retails, God damn it.
No, you don't.
I got to write fair retails.
And if you don't believe my fair retails, you're going to burden hell.
In fact, maybe we'll just burn you right now to prove it to you.
Goodbye religion.
I'm going to tell you right now if we woke up tomorrow morning and all the religion in the world disappeared, it would be a beautiful place to live.
As long as everybody lighten up a few shades.
Here's the mobile and cross-brings. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, you've got to wonder how many hubcaps ton you keep lying around the trail of these days.
Yeah, what a bitch.
Hey, what a disgusting thing.
You know something, these people are like a bad penny.
They just don't ever go away.
They keep coming back with you.
At least expected.
And that diet you've been talking about.
That sounds, uh, finally like the old scars day old diet that I know I played around with in college, man.
Black coffee and grape.
How's Dr. Ternow doing, by the way?
Is he still dead?
I think he's still dead.
Doesn't have to worry about any weight loss program.
No.
And listen, last year about this time you pulled a great, uh, great cap off of Hank Shill in the interview with Will Clark, which was obviously very bizarre.
Right.
Last night I looked at my watch when this happened because I thought of you immediately.
A call they're called up and said something about John Henry.
Hank got better than it said.
You know, the owner I admire the most in this town is Wayne.
He said because he's not a hypocrite.
He doesn't lie.
He tells you like it.
He tells it like it is.
He doesn't say one thing and do another.
He didn't say that.
I had Neil.
I swear to him.
He said that.
508 PM.
508 PM.
I had to show it.
I pulled a tape.
I mean, obviously you know the part.
He had to be joking.
He had to be trying to take care of it.
I was waiting for him.
I was waiting for him to say something like, yeah, right.
You know, when he was saying, no, I swear, I swear to God.
You got to pull the tape because that's exactly what he was saying.
He doesn't say anything right now and you can mark it down.
If Howard Conning would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility,
I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying,
here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
Maybe that's why we're having such a tough time filling this joint up.
Maybe most people remember that and they figured there's nothing going on there.
They're not playing there.
I'm just, I mean, I'm playing with a lot of us.
Anybody who listens to your show and listens to that call, yeah.
I mean, you had the pop into mine.
I was like incredulous.
I had a little bit concerned, but Hank, you know, is a big boy.
He'll make his own decisions.
But I did hear him a couple of weeks ago.
Last time we were talking at length about the John Henry thing and he said,
well, you know, this, the cruise ship tax, if they want to do that,
I don't think I'd have a problem with that.
So I hope he doesn't get sucked into that because the fact is that any kind of tax money
with all the needs that we have in South Florida, especially in Dave County with its biggest city bankrupt,
all the needs that we've got, any kind of additional taxes they would love you,
have got to go first to schools and education and textbooks and roads and important things
not to building a billionaire, God damn it.
That baseball stadium, no matter where they would get it from.
Absolutely.
I hope he gets sucked into that.
Yeah, I mean, public funding for private ventures like that.
Absolutely not.
But if you, I just, you'll be just a shock as I, if you hear it,
the call was taken in context.
He was dead serious.
Okay, well, I'm going to take a couple hours off today and go listen to some tapes.
Got a private date.
Thanks.
Thanks, Nick.
Marlins, cruise tax, good fun stadium.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Bill in the works target tourists.
The Florida Marlins want cruise ship passengers to pay for new ballpark in downtown Miami.
Is that going to, no, just took two days ago.
We just took the poll on any kind of tax money for a new baseball stadium and overwhelmingly 125% said no way Jose
and that includes you, John Henry and any language.
Okay, you asked told you.
Oh, and before admitted to me in the hallway this morning, by the way,
he's hoping to get to the new Marlin mascot.
That's why he's sucking up to John Henry.
He admitted that.
It's another one of those deals.
This guy, he opens up his wallet to give Tommy a check for some spotty or whatever the whole was.
This guy, there was no cash in there because that's all gone off the track.
He's got 72 different checks.
Be full.
That's how it maintains that expensive gambling habit and the drinking habit and wife because he's got no he's got all these different shows he's doing all the time.
This man's got more goddamn jobs.
One thing about him, you'll ever hear him say not my job because every job is his job.
Really, he's everywhere.
He's on a nika sookie thing.
He's on the half time at the football game.
He's everywhere you go.
And now he's going to be the goddamn Marlin mascot.
125 different checks he had in there from all from different people.
Nice going, B.F.O. Marlin's cruise tax could fund stadium.
The proposal is now being drafted for approval of the state legislature.
Senator Ron Silver, Democrat of North Miami Beach, had Thursday he'll file a senate version of the bill.
The tax cruise passengers, the bill would authorize date cutting to impose the tax subject to voter approval.
But the exact amount of form of the tax has not yet been determined.
Silver said a cruise ship passenger tax makes sense because it would target tourists in our resident.
See here we go with that crap again.
The idea that oh well, let me say it one more time.
Make it very clear to you if we want to tax tourists anymore than we already are.
Fine, okay, let's do it but let's make sure the money goes to something important.
Not to build a goddamn baseball stadium for a sport that almost nobody here cares about anymore.
And most people didn't in the first place.
I remember the first day that we there was an out that they were weighing was getting us a baseball franchise and I said on the air back at IOD.
I said you know this is very exciting but I'm really not sure this is a baseball town.
I remember that just like it was yesterday and here we are all these years later and we're more certain than ever that it's not a baseball town.
No matter what the stadium looks like, whether it's air conditioning or not, where the hell they stick it.
It's not a baseball town and all those Julios that were going to come out and support it.
Are they showing up? No.
Oh yeah, but when Alex Fernandez pitches with his 420 pound frame, they're all going to come out and support him.
Well, anyway, that much you need a lot of support but nevertheless are they coming out? No.
There wasn't one extra person in the stand any day when he pitched.
And it seems to me that all through the existence of this franchise, they've had an abundance of Julios on the team.
Has that made a difference? No. No.
I'm Tony John Henry. You've already got to deal there with Wayne.
You're already leasing out that stadium. Just forget about the baseball games and put some cockpights in there.
You'll fill up that stadium every night.
They'll be packing it and the stadium too.
Here's a call in Naples. Hello.
Naples. Yeah, they are. Yes, sir.
I take a position on your gun.
I take issue on your gun position.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you said that kill from first of all guns have never killed a single person in this country.
Sir, are you going to give me this crap again? That's what I'm saying.
No, I'm not. I'm not. I want to give you a reason.
I won't give it. I can't never kill anybody, they're just drivers.
I take my nancy, you're chatting all the time with her.
I got three guns to my guns and for her and one is for protecting me.
Yeah. I am from a gun state, a broken state.
Sir, I'm not interested with you for a gun state. What state is that? A crazy gun?
What is it? No, you want to say redneck state?
Well, call it what you want to. We got it.
No, it is North Carolina's a redneck state.
We got it. That's the big one.
The redneck state.
In Palm Beach, Florida.
Yeah. But I'm telling you is, children are coming.
Let me say it again. We did a poll yesterday.
I have no control over the way the people voted.
20% of the people said we should have stronger gun control laws.
Yeah, but that is yours. That is your own.
That is your bias. That poll does not reflect it.
Well, how come all those people voted for John McKinon, our presidential poll,
and George Bush and Alan Key, do I have favor of any of them?
No.
Well, you're going to get put in what I want to talk about is again.
Get out of here. Go back out in the woods and shoot yourself in the photo.
Okay. Go be a boy scout.
It was the Alpha Alba 69 or whatever the hell it is.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
What is that going about?
They ain't counting.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Alan Feathers.
You don't want to be a part of this team and you can just get the hell out.
It happens every week when the team sits in the gridiron.
I ain't going nowhere. This is what I was born to do.
It's what it means to be a man.
You have some reasons to me.
A battle of marital proportions.
Oh, come on. I just want to watch one damn game.
It.
Every friggin Sunday.
I just want to watch one game.
Every friggin Sunday.
Please. Just the early game.
Then I promise I'll paint the hall.
Every friggin Sunday.
What's wrong with that?
In theaters everywhere.
1032 at 560 WQM.
I was in a really good mood till I got this back this moment ago.
It says, Hi Neil.
From your voice, I feel you are in a good mood today.
That's past tense now.
Looking forward to meet you tomorrow.
See, such a thing is chronic.
And already this paw from Cameroon rhymes with Koon.
Chronic Paul.
He already facts me.
Yesterday, tell me he's going to show up there tomorrow,
which made me wonder whether I should show up or not.
Just to fill you in.
Do you know there's a good basketball player from Cameroon?
Six, eight playing for Berkshire High.
Did I know that?
No. No. No. No.
Not only are we good in soccer, but in basketball as well.
And being chronic is an opinion of me as, too, I guess.
I'll bring some pictures from Cameroon for you to take a look at.
I hope you like them.
Wishing you a good Friday show.
See you tomorrow. Thanks, Paul from Cameroon.
Paul, you're already a chronic.
We don't want to see you.
Okay, you're driving me nuts.
You know, it's like one of those people, air everywhere you go,
air everywhere you look to your left, to your right, there he is.
Like the tanya harding of Cameroon skis.
Have a nice life, Paul.
Too bad we couldn't see it tomorrow.
Then I got to think about the diet, about that ridiculous,
I mean, that the great change your hospital medical by.
I mean, first of all, when you take a look at this and see how little you're going to be eating,
you could put that amount of food into a thimble and have room left over for the Chinese army.
They're so little, so naturally you're going to lose a lot of weight.
I'm not so sure that the chemistry's got anything else I must do with it.
Like lunch is a cup of cottage cheese and fire salting crackers,
and you're going to lose weight.
What a surprise, huh? I'm shocked.
Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a spirited portfolio.
I was flipping through the channels last night,
and I caught the previews of tonight's entertainment tonight.
Yeah.
And it's going to be a part of it's going to be Monica Lewinch,
he's going around town with her newfound friend, MTV's comedian Tom Green.
No, no.
Yes.
Oh, no.
And it looks like it's going to be totally hilarious.
Tom Green's yelling at the pop around.
Yes, sir.
Well, he's desperate, I guess, since MTV has been destroying his show, I guess he's desperate.
Well, I've already set my VCR, so I'm going to check it out and see what it's going to be about.
Okay.
Let me put it on widescreen.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
All right.
See what I've said.
America's favorite scumbags.
This is going to be the Fox show to replace that who wants to marry a phony millionaire.
Yeah.
America's favorite scumbags.
They could just have it on 24 hours a day, because the bigger a scumbag, you are the more of a hero they make you in this country.
Monica Lewinsky, Tonya Harding.
No matter how much of a dirtbag scumbag Dennis Rodman, which I see he's added again, and there's no end to that crap.
Insighting brawls and riots and acting like a jackass.
Nobody cares.
They like scumbags.
It's the American F and way, baby.
Although I think one exception might be that fat Rosie.
Here's Bill Wyman, who is the editor of Salon Arts and Entertainment.
He says, oh, Rosie, shut up.
A silly organization gives a frivolous award to husbands and Evan S and pop for the 42nd year.
He says, I've never understood something about Millie Vanille in the Grammys.
If the two pretty faces in the band didn't get to keep the statue wet, why didn't then automatically go to the people who did sing the songs?
I mean, it doesn't matter whose faces on the cover of the album, does it?
This is the sort of question one ponders while watching the Grammys, the lamest of all award shows.
The Grammys are primarily voted on by a bunch of music industry oldsters whose main goal in life is specifically not to reward adventures in pop music,
much less adventures in rock or hip hop, and who have been remarkably successful in that endeavor.
This annual procedure is overseen by the truly WIC Administrative Court, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.
The organization is run by one C-Michael Green. He gets paid $1.3 million a year, which is considered kind of high in the realm of nonprofit posts.
He also oversees music cares. The organization's charitable arm. Music cares to distinguish itself in a slightly different way.
It took in $2.3 million in 1998 and gave out a whopping $235,000 in donations or almost $0.10 on the dollar.
That's considered kind of low in the realm of charity. A reporter with the LA Times has been dogging green on these and other issues for seven years, but green hasn't yet quit.
In the meantime, the group holds its annual debacle each year doing its best to reward FNS since without actually getting into Millie Vanilla Territory again. This year it went for the nostalgia trip.
One thing you can depend on is that the Grammy event always misses the vote even in on its own terms.
It is the wrong way Couragin of award shows. This year for example, it had before a pop-slot hit of almost universally appreciated blindness. I wanted that way by the Backstreet Boys.
This likable confection was aced out by a strange musician named Carlos Santana and his supernatural, his even stranger album of collaborations with various modern artists. Most of them half his age.
In the anti-tocom A to Awards, Time Michael Jackson for the most ever in one year, the hit smooth with Santana didn't write also won a songwriting award.
Santana was part of the San Francisco sound in the late 1960s and gave a searing performance in Woodstock over most of the 30 plus years since he has followed a strange artistic and religious uses and hasn't been heard from in the past 20 years.
But Aristos Clyde Davis put him back in the arena by pairing him with younger stars like Matchbox 20's Rob Thomas who co-wrote and sang Smooth. The result was a cobbled together fluke hit created by fully three dozen stars, producers and engineers.
The right to the show was filled with usual embarrassments. Best new artist went to Christina Aguilera, a vacuist and soon to be forgotten performer.
Post-Rosio Donnell was searching the unfunny. The opening number was Will Smith singing the title song from that big movie flop he had last year. Whitney Houston seemed to have taken a sedative.
Ricky Martin sang Maria, the song and the performance, undistinguished enough to suggest that we won't have him to kick around on next year's show.
Jennifer Lopez showed up with a very skippy dress and boyfriend Puffy Cromes would been indicted that morning for bribery. He was accused of offering his driver 50 grand to claim ownership of a handgun found in Cromes car after a now notorious shooting at a New York nightclub in December.
Puffy has left the building of Donald Sidney at the end of the show and I'm relieved and that was one of our only good lines of the night.
So there you go from the editor of salon arts and entertainment. The Grammy's blow and a classic case of that and it goes back to what I just said a minute ago about my miracle life's comeback. They like crap.
I'm watching and I'm sitting here watching the music I do every morning much music MTV and they got that awful awful awful. Mariah Carey and Joe 98 degrees and I love 98 degrees. Everybody knows that. I mean obsessed with 98 degrees right Nick.
But you know, even they can't say that. First of all, you don't hear them on there anyway.
But the new form of singing in the market's not hip hop. It's not rock. It's not pop. It's not that. It's that. It's spaz.
Spaz. Maybe that's why Nick Carter was doing that like a spaz thing on it. The number that we're doing the other night because I've never seen them do that. Yeah, be spastic. I think Lauren Hill invented that instead of singing you just make a lot of that sounds like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Which Mariah Carey and Joe both do all through that horrible song which by the way just to make you understand what I'm talking about. It's number one on the Billboard single chart number one. One of the worst songs in history.
I mean that thing is the worst piece of Schmidt you could ever begin to shake your wand that. And it's number one. So don't ever get like I said vanilla ice cream. It's big.
What is that then if you're trying to pawn on us today? What is that? Oh, that's for you. Just what is it? Beer first take it. Oh beer first. I like free beer. I'll bet 21 before 11 at I like it free to 21 before 11 at 560 WQM.
It's Friday. You best. Announcing the show you've been waiting for America. It's on your hiding ice.
Here's a mentalist catarena. Yeah skating to the classics. Oh nice blitz jump there comes your take off into a double.
Oh, she's down. He's in agony now it's Brian the Tano attempting a triple.
Oh, he really got a perfectly executed trip. She's in assault by Tony Harding. She's a precision team of Tony Harding Jeff
and a fat guy bodyguard wife out skater after skater. Oh, now. It's fun for the whole family, especially if you're the 40 owner got a family or your tickets for Tonyo hiding ice cafe.
He said we've got us accepted at 445 60 WQ. I am.
Fingers skating is got to be the silliest of all human endeavors can there be anything else that people do. I mean even picking your noses a lot more a lot more fun and watching figure skating.
Triple South cow. Oh, it's a double and of course you've nasty two is like one step way, although that at least requires some athletic ability usually depending on what it is.
Figure skating and you wonder why there's all these bags and figure skating because it's a pretty sissy thing is what it is.
Figure skating.
Go figure here's pop it oh, hello.
Pop it oh. Yeah, good morning.
I find a really interesting article in the sunset.
And over this morning on the back pages of the local session, the weather of all things to be interesting.
There's someone asked a question to our friend Brian Norcross. How far can you predict the weather in advance?
Brian comes back with an answer that you can't predict it too far in advance, but if you go to a certain website, they'll give you a five day forecast for any city.
Well, if you go to this website, of course, it comes up, but it comes up a hard core porn site.
I want to give you the real thing. Yeah.
So yeah, I thought that was pretty interesting there of you know, I've been telling my son to look at these sites of Brian brings up to see this on the website, but to pull up a hard core website.
I thought it was a little scared. Nice going there Brian. He's spreading it wherever he can.
Yeah, it's that to be printing that in the newspaper with a little shock to me there.
Well, I'm sure that we got thousands of people scouring him on the waistbands, getting to the bottom of their birdcage to get that out right now.
He has. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. Okay.
Thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line is 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 D 5 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 got it.
Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hank was serious last night. Oh, no.
He said of all the owners in South Florida that he admired the most. It was Wayne, I think.
Why do you have to admire any of them? Well, what's there to admire?
Yeah, I don't know. I'm not. Maybe Hank just right. He doesn't have any a Wayne stock. Maybe that's why he admired them.
But what's what's there to admire about him? I don't know. He's he's the one that dismantled the Marlins.
He's the one that gave us that sour bit that I played before threatening threatened to take the Panthers movement someplace else unless we built an arena, which we did.
He's the one that's constantly threatening. He's going to sell this team. He's going to sell that thing. He's the sour. He's a sour and he's a bad guy, which is why a stock is in the toilet.
When anybody hears his name now, he's taken what used to be gold and turned it to instant Schmidt.
He said that he's not a hypocrite and he's not too faced.
I'm just I'm just telling you what Hank said. Well, maybe Hank had a bad bullet grit or something. I don't know.
Hey, I'm a good friend of Scott the lawn boy. Yeah. And the circle jerk is at eight tonight. Okay. I'll be there.
Scott's going to be the pivot man is what I'm hearing right? Uh-huh. Good.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town. I will read not on you.
We didn't have a call there from Naples though. That guy that was stepping me a song at that redneck. There are no red necks on the west coast of Florida. Are there no?
No, there ain't no red necks and Fort Myers and Naples and Port Charlotte. Huh? How's your port Charlotte? There ain't no Naples over red necks.
So maybe the beeslees. I don't know red necks the term just good old boys. I think suits them better. Good old boys.
Had a great chat with my good friend Bob de Muth yesterday in the elevator as he was picking up loose chains that I dropped out of my pocket.
In fact, he and Alan for tell the corporate attorney were having a fist fight over who is going to pick up the loose change.
Here's a Davey. Hello. Yes, sir.
Quote on quote this morning. We all agree we want baseball in this time. Who said that?
The chubby one who was somebody's getting his death paid off on the mall and but uh...
Well, who are you? Who are you talking about? We foe.
Be foe said that? They all agreed.
We that we have to have major league baseball. We don't agree we want baseball. No, no, we don't. In fact, if people had any brains, he'd realize that you know if you want to be a little more self-serving,
we got to get rid of baseball because it's cost of us a fortune around this radio station. It's strangling us. That's right.
I know it is. Hey, not only that we got this seventh best best football team out of 30 in town, the sixth best hockey team out of 30 in town.
And our football team made the final eight out of 30 in town.
Yeah. And they're going to support a baseball team? No. No. Not at all.
And I think if you have a... What about if we have the 90s out of the top 150? That might not be too bad.
I think if Hank did a survey, does anybody give a rassass about baseball on his show? Because your show is too biased.
We find out exactly how many people could care less if we have baseball this time.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks. My show is too biased. You hear that? In other words, I got such from my disinfluence over people. Whatever you put down on that thing, that's basically what I want to tell you.
I want you to say anybody believe that? No. No. Because we've been doing this for a week now and it doesn't come out that way at all. At all.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's been a really tough week on these phones this week. Man, these people are in a major, major coma.
Well, all this important stuff going on. Although maybe that guy will call in and give me a lecture about Santana and his cutting edge, his innovative music.
Santana sucks. Okay. That's my opinion. So you're I'll listen to your opinion. But when you call and you try to force me to agree with you, it's never going to work out.
It's not going to work out. I'll listen and maybe once in a while, you know, I mean, I have an open mind. But in this particular case, I've been listening to his crap for like 30 years now and it always sucked.
He had a couple of commercial hits there. You know, I don't want to go into it again. He sucks. That's my opinion. If you like Santana, you've got a lot of company just like vanilla ice cream, just like that horrible song by Mariah Carey and Joe and 98 degrees.
I mean, that's how that's number one. Never overestimate the taste of the American public. That's why they're lined up at McDonald's lined up.
Cheap and fast and swell and really swell. That's what they love.
Here's a mobile invoke. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're going to hear me. Okay. I hear you're fine. Thank you, sir. Listen, you read a story a few days ago about some football player for the Washington Redskins and killed a couple people. What was that out of? Because I haven't been able to find that in the papers anywhere.
I have no idea was that a sum newspaper. I've had this long gone. Oh, okay. Okay. And by the way, I hate did say all those things yesterday. He's in a top of it. He's talking up to Wayne, huh?
A big time and he also said that his complexion wasn't so bad neither. Okay. And like NBC, he liked his hairdo also. Love it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. I don't know what's going on in a hang. Just when you think he's finally
trying to cover and come to the grocery. Reality. That was maybe his horse head wicked diarrhea or something like that out there. Goster. I don't know what the hang steal is. You know, he speaks his own piece. I'm not trying to put words in his mouth, but Jesus.
I mean, there's another one. I don't know how we would phrase that pull. Maybe we'll do that one day next week.
Which of the other. Yeah, that might be a we'll do that one day next week. Which of the local sports team owners will have Wayne and John Henry and the Mickey on there and then none the above.
Which one of the following do you admire the most and we'll see how much and none of the above would win. I could. Oh, there you go. Lead me audience again. They're not going to put down here. What I tell him. Okay. Charlie. That's not going to happen.
Especially on an anonymous pool like that. The reason I'm doing the thing today on sexual orientation is because there are a lot of people who say, oh, yeah, well, you know that near Roger. He's got the big ratings all these years because all the like the guy called a couple of months ago.
And all those guys who are loose a little light and loafers all the fagg listen.
We had all the fagg listen. We'd have an 80 share. They're too busy, you know, trying to scrape themselves off the sidewalks and South Beach.
Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I think I need a lot of you doing all right. Towards the end of the show. Yes, so you're talking about a couple of drivers. Yes. Okay.
First of all, that's what I do for living. Okay. I'm so sorry. The problem is, okay. I've been doing this for quite all my life. And I moved to South Florida from Orlando. Well, I'm sorry again.
Yeah, these guys are Cuban. Right. They get some patients. They get them Jamaican. And I'm on the right now. I'm Jamaican. Okay. Yeah. All right.
They start off by cutting the rate, right? Cut throw, cut throw, cut throw. They cut the rates so bad. Now they can't live on the rates they want. Right?
And that's the reason why they're striking. And I've given you 90% what you said yesterday. Okay. I have no compassion for them. Yeah. Because they did today. Well, what's the 10% you don't agree?
The 10% I don't agree. You do have some good truck drivers. That's what you know. That's what I agree. You say all truck drivers, gravel truck drivers. I didn't say that. I said I've had some bad experiences. I bet you there isn't one person in this audience who drives any amount at all who has that some bad experiences with gravel truck drivers who get right in front of you and the stuff is spitting out of their truck and like pelting all over your vehicle. It's not a pleasant thing when you get stuck behind that crap. That's true. Right. I have that.
That doesn't make all the drivers bad guys that doesn't mean they were all out there blocking traffic yesterday. I never said that. Okay. So I said, but like that. There was one or two good people in the bunch. Okay. But that's another awful. You got guys like me that has no equipment.
Yeah. These other guys that has a wheelbarrow with a hand and that's not your time work. But I also have no regard for the rules and regulations. Yeah. These idiot porkers are here. They want to stop the guys that have good, you know, good equipment. Yeah. And let these other guys go by with the crap. I asked one guy what's the reason for that? Well, we make more money with you. We know what kind of logic is that. So this one.
I'm going to comfort my opinion. Okay. Well, good luck pal. Hang in there. Okay. There's one of those guys who is spewing the stuff all over your company. It's a good guy. 16,000 open line. This is very depressing this week to me. I mean, coming right along on the heels of a wonderful vacation. 5 6 7 0 5 60. In fact, it's enough to make you want to go on another vacation. Is it about a half an hour? 5 6 7 0 5 60. What's in that package that Carlos just brought in? What's in that poison? What is it? Poison? No, seriously. What is it? Pays trees. Pays trees. For more.
Greek pastries. Boccava maybe. Oh, I love Boccava. I'm not really big into Greek. But I do love Boccava. I'll tell you that right now.
Well, what's the little good during the news? Let's do a news catch. During the news. What a joke. I must be losing my contact with reality. News on this radio station. This man losing his mind. During the news.
During the 45 minute commercial break, like I said. Well, I kind of like take a peek in there and see what's under that. I do like the purple color though. That is my favorite color purple. Or is it maybe lavender? That might be it. 10 56 at 5 60 WQM.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm the illustrious John Brownler. You may be interested to know that my lovely wife and I have written a book concerning our own theories surrounding the tragic death of our lovely little daughter. Now, as you will know, the police found no footprints in this snow around our homes.
So that leads us to believe it was the work of the Obsidian Order sending a fastened into our home by particle transport beams surrounded by blue light. The Ramsey's dream theory.
Yeah, I'm not available from random killing books. All right. It's 11.156. The WQM. I don't know if I'm just a gagging on that random killing books or in the box of Bob, but it sure is good. Thanks to our friends from the Greek festival.
No, not that kind of Greek. The 22nd annual Saints of the Cathedral Greek festival celebrating six Millenniums of Hellenic heritage.
February 25th and 6th, which is today and tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. and February 27th, which is Sunday from noon to 11 p.m.
The honest and experienced Greek. I mean Greece without leaving South Florida. Greek food music live folk dance kids activities tour of Byzantine Byzantine the cathedral pastries coffee and the buckler by the way is great.
It will knock your socks off. It's great.
Pastries coffee gourmet grocery wine and spirits. Greek art, jewelry, leathery, leathery religious art. I guess you have to do much Greek. You might get a little leathery and devotional items, books, raffles and more.
Admission is two bucks for adults kids under 12 free free admission before 2 p.m. today 50 cents off admission with this ad. We here you go George. Take the ad.
And this is happening at Saint Sophia Cathedral Coral Way in 24th Road just two blocks west of I 95 exit one.
So there you go. If you're into a little Greek for the weekend, you're all set. Well, I do love Bucklebop.
And I guarantee you will send your blood sugar soaring in any way to the but you know something I don't care because I'm doing this 20 30 fiber in fact I'm doing great on the lost two more pounds and I feel great and I sound like I have a lot of energy because I do.
And you know, I mean, I don't want to pee on Dr. Rackens parade because they had this big thing yesterday in the bottom line to the whole deal is nobody really knows after all these billions of dollars being spent after all the pills, all the books after all the studies, after all the quacks, everything else, nobody knows.
Which is a hell of an indictment of medical profession by the way that the greatest health problem that we have in America today, which is getting worse by the minute by the way.
Because people are eating in this country like it's going out of stuff.
I mean non stuff.
Eat it. What? Eating and filling their fat places. Disgusting fat Americans like me because we can't stop with the food like Don Deloitte said in fatso.
We can't stop the food. God damn it. We're surrounded by we're inundated by them.
They deliver it to your goddamn house.
Oh, the boy that Buck Lamasher is good, but the medical profession you guys have you done it? You haven't done it.
You failed. You're a big fat flop when it comes to helping us lose weight safely and intelligently we had the fend penting.
And all a few people died, you know, big deal. We had a liquid protein crap back in the 70s.
Few people died because we're desperate. We all want to look beautiful. Okay.
We don't want it. Well, maybe we don't. Maybe we want to be big and fat and the pubs are large because I do find like when you go to the hockey game and you see certain kinds of fat people.
You know that a lot of those people are people who enjoy being big fat pubs. You know, you know the kind of people I'm talking about.
There were fat people who are desperate and you feel for them, especially though I do because I've been fighting it for years.
But the fat tubs of lard who want to be fat tubs of lard and then say, oh, don't they'll call me names. No, discriminate me against me because I have it to be a big fat grotesque tub of lard.
Swab.
Here's the mobile and coral spring. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Yes, thanks here. Okay. First time long time by the way. All right.
You know, regards that you're making guy who called a little while ago.
You know, with the dump truck thing. Hey, I'm driving up the saw grass.
They're flying by you doing 85 and 90 miles an hour and you're fishing about the cost of fuel. Right.
Yeah, let them slow down a little bit slow down you idiots. Yeah, I'm sure that load, you know, of course you know those you're making is always burning one.
Another thing I didn't catch you show yesterday regards to people over all I'm sure you talk him and no one. Yes, I did. Yeah, you know, even though the paper today says, you know, the NHL apologize and it was the wrong call.
It doesn't make any difference. The fault was Terry Murray sticking him out there three times in the last five minutes because this guy keeps taking cheap shots and cheap shots.
And sooner or later you're going to get called for one when you didn't do it regardless. And that's the price you pay when you put the gun out there when the game is on the line.
And why don't they get rid of him drop allows back on defense and try to pick up another score for the four. That's a pick up a real skilled player. Now you're talking.
That's right. Go, Lee, go, baby. Amen. Thank you.
Very sad scene. Although it was great for the least that Tampa beat Ottawa last night, five, four nice going lightning. Thank you. All you lightning fans.
But Mike Johnson, boy, just breaks my heart. Even though Darcy Tucker scored two for Lisa Wednesday against Phoenix. Here's Mike Johnson, boys. That could a player or what?
Uh-huh. Two goals and an assist for Tampa last night. But thanks for beating Ottawa. Thank you so much. Nice going, Mike. Maybe he was thinking about the Leafs.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a fact about the music and the art. Love this music thing because when I tell you like the guy called me yesterday that militant Santana sucker.
What I tell you about music, then you got the real answer. Whether George agrees or not. And that's another thing like I've always told you before.
I don't care whether anybody agrees or not. I like what I like. And what really disturbs me is people that have to get the affirmation of somebody else.
Oh, isn't this really good? Don't you like this? I don't care if you like it or not. If I like it, I think it's great.
I can't stand people like that. Always have to have somebody pat them on it. Oh, yeah, you got really good taste. You're right. I like that too.
Doesn't interest me in the least. Just every time George opens up a mouth and starts about my taste of music couldn't care less. Not interested.
I mean, I realized that the groups are like ain't no like lintic biscuit. But hey, listen, that's just the way it goes. Different strokes. We're different laying folks. And how they do them by the way lately.
Pretty weak. Keep bringing them up. There's so five minutes ago. Yeah. And because you like them. Yeah.
And that's over with. Then I want to people that are good. You know hearing gone. Yeah, that's right.
Hearing gone like Ricky Martin gone. Bye bye, Ricky. Don't let the door hit you in a right in the rectum way out.
Of course, it wouldn't be the first. They're wacky got back there. I'm sure. Rectum five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 maybe he's just going to float off and do his thing with George Michael.
I do want to do a little number with him. Maybe in the tea room. Here's a coral gables. Hello.
Neil Papa. Yes. See two things yesterday. I almost busted a fish laugh when you were talking about media one. Yeah.
They are the words. They suck man. Every time I got a call and for something you're on hold for days. Yeah. You know, I said ridiculous.
I said to my friend David was in the house. I said, I said, this is like a feel Henry bit that I'm stuck up in the middle of now. I'm dialed and put you in. I'm a hole. The music is playing. I'm here. All these different voices. And all I wanted was to talk to a living and breathing person. That's all.
I was laughing so hard because it happened. They talk. The other thing. But I do like the road one. That's great. The review that you read on the Grammy. That was pretty harsh. Man. It was right on target. Well, that's a couple of good performers. Did you watch it? I saw some of it. Did you see the little kids? No.
Oh, they were great. The four little kids came out. But he wasn't ripping the performances. I wasn't talking about that. He was just saying the awards and the whole way that it's presented. Well, you know that's come. I mean, that's what it's all about politics. Yeah. But I mean, there was some. There was some pretty good performances. I mean, it was really cool. I like the out in John with a backstreet voice thing. I thought that was great. I would think he would do something else. I don't know. I feel a dust. You don't like that song. I like that song. I can laugh. John's song. I like it. Why would he do something different? I don't know. I just thought that was more. I don't know. I just thought that was more. I don't know. I don't know. I just thought that was more. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don
know. I don't know. I like it. I like it. He is. Another thing. An old bag. Right. I'll go on on the thing with the Grammys and the little kids. Yeah. I teach. And it's really weird because when I was growing up and I was in middle school, you know, there was all different kinds of drama. Of course, graphic arts, you know, trades classes. You don't see that anymore. You know, I teach in a middle school. And it's all about computers or and that's it. You know, they even cut down the PE. Okay.
There's one because they don't have a lot of money for it. Right. That's correct. But these kids need to do physical ad. I mean, you got that's the age where you're developing absolutely correct. You're about to listen. All this money. Anybody that any person that supports any kind of tax money for this stadium for John Henry, I'm personally going to break their legs with a crowbar. How do you like that? I really is. I'm putting my kid in a private school. It is. I don't blame it. Good luck. I'll hang in there because our country that doesn't care about their kids. We're always hearing about this. Oh, our most valuable resource.
Our kids. Yeah. Well, let's see some evidence of it. Okay. Let's start doing something for those kids. And by the way, did you see the son of a bitch? I don't want to start getting into a racial thing. Did you see the guy who was driving the car that dragged that kid? No. I'll find you during the break. I mean, he wasn't just dark. He was the stereotypical dark scumbag disgusting, rotesque lowlife that all black people wish and pray that nobody would stereotype them by him. And I'm going to
hope you don't, but nevertheless, I mean, just oh, man, the lowest sub human form of crap. And yeah, she should be blamed too for leaving a kid in the car. But you know something. Plenty of kids get left in a car and nobody drags them to their death five miles down the road just to your car. So I say we only give it. We don't we fry his ass like on her all the night. And we just give her lethal injection. She's the son of a bitch. 10 minutes after 11 at 5.60.
How young is too young? This has been an amazing adventure for me this whole year. And along the way, there have been so many people that have made me feel so special. So I'm going to take this opportunity to make some so special.
First, I want to thank my classic surgeon for taking me from those poor little a cups. He's nice, full of things. I want to thank my dad for suggesting me the idea and the first one to tell me that yes, they do look real. I want to thank my manager for for doing my mom's signature of the infant consent form. And I want to thank you all for appreciating my music.
You're what? Okay, my book. Yeah. Oh, right. I saw Britney sweet. Are they just showed on whatever hell I'm watching? I was this VH1 some lame channel. I just showed Elton John with his comments after the Grammys year of the night. And he was going on and on about the backdoor boys and about how the other groups a lot of them are really lame. But these guys can really f and sing and they're great and yoddy yoddy. And they asked them, well, which one do you like the best? He said he liked all of them. Nice going. What do they call her? Sharon. Nice going Sharon.
Anyway, the WQM van. Oh, here's a chance of a lifetime. And the QM van will be at the Bell South mobility and Coral Gables 2299 Ponce, they're on between noon and one stop by for great deals on Bell South mobility products and win some QM goodies from Miguel from noon to one.
He'll be there worrying a suit of armor today. Spending wife and up to all you old fangs out there. All you old trolls noon to one at the Bell South mobility Coral Gables 2299 Ponce.
Here's the South Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. First time call. All right. I just want to mention something that changed your pace. Yes.
Yes. Yes. There isn't an athlete around this area that he doesn't defend from anything they do. For example, or a team owner too. Also, yes. I guess it's even on or two. But you know, from everything from the Florida State football player who went into the village department store. Right.
To any pro that excuse me beats up his girlfriend or whatever. Right. He says, well, it's not so bad. It's not so bad. You know, he didn't kill any. He never stole a free train. Right. Yeah. So I just want to mention that as a he's an apologist that if I, you know, if he had a child, he shouldn't he does. He shouldn't bring up a kid with no boundaries of that. He.
Yes. Well, I want you to feel a lot better because I know his son doesn't listen to anything. He tells him so you'll feel better about that. Okay. No tension. Like most of the rest of us. Well, I just want to.
He has a lot of checks in his wallet. I'll tell you that that before he's just maybe that's why maybe all these guys are paying him off. I don't know. But he sure got a lot of checks in there. It's unbelievable. The way he defense the most pile thing. Right. And then.
Called defending the indefensible. Yeah. And then today's paper mentioned Eric Thomas. Yeah. And we're. He had seven children by five girls. And he didn't leave a will.
Yeah. So his mother is going to take her. I don't know what's going to happen. But you know, that's terrible. I. You know, to just. And there's so many. And they just got through eulogizing him like he was the king of the universe. Like I just don't understand it. It went on and on and on day after day. I mean, you know, it was a tragic accident. He died at a very young age. But what was his great claim to family side? It was a football player. That's it. Yeah. He. He didn't know. Also was very prolific. I made a lot of babies too. Yeah. Okay. Listen. These two. I think. I think I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going
to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that the thing I'm going to say is this is positive. I'm not saying that is very positive. I'm not saying that is ok. I'm going to say that at the end of the year when the festival is on, next.
That would be all right.
Then you'll see me kiss him very serious ass.
I mean, I could kiss it with the best of them, but not just, uh, or a day in and day out
as a matter of routine.
Forget it.
Not just for the Nichols and Dimes that Bifos, uh, although he didn't have a lot of checks
in that wallet.
I mean a lot.
And every one of them was from like some different outfit.
I think I saw John Henry's signature on a couple of them.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning.
You have a lot of material for about a week if you just pick up the date, Harold today.
You have it the day to this.
Date edition?
No, Bob.
I'll send you what to look for.
And those are spending all this time on the phone with it on the B section.
First of all, on page five at number two, cop and date, uh, Frank Boni went with the
secretary.
He was clear.
That's a whitewash pure and simple.
The other one, the high alleo offices about the robber's death.
I must, if you have the time, if you don't have it, that it's been over one of the cops.
He wasn't sure whether he fired his gun.
It was four shot, but he wasn't sure.
And when he checked, he checked the sea when the gun was loaded, he said it was dark and
the confusion.
He must have inadvertently replaced the partially spent magazine with a full one.
It was in the dark.
Yeah, yeah.
In the dark, in the dark.
Then when he realized the next day, I'm skipping over the long articles, a good article.
The next day when he realized that he realized when he was cleaning his gun with toothpicks,
dental tools, a toothbrush, an emery one and some oil, the firing pen had been tampered
with.
He said, I must have been with a toothbrush, but the investigator for Dade County, a firearms
examiner, says it's no way you could have damaged the firing pen with a toothbrush.
It'll be whitewash too eventually.
Sure, no.
And by the way, is there any update in there on those, that prostitute ring that's
No, no.
That's only a year ago now, you know?
That'll be my next year.
We'll find a little more forget about it.
Okay.
And the only other thing on the first page again, Miami Dade, took away $50,000 from
FIU Film Festival because it's showing a Cuban movie.
And to FIU's credit, they're going to continue to show it.
You get all of it really.
You got to not stand for a week.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Part for the course, baby.
Take it away, you're money because you're showing a Cuban film there.
You know about those Cuba companies to come and it's the only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
See, this guy now, he's wrong about one thing.
He said, they'll forget about it.
Not if they listen to the show they won't because I'll never let him forget about it.
That story I'm going to mention is often as I, every time it pops into my head, I'm
going to mention that.
I mean, one of the truly nauseating stories that last couple of years that's come down
the pipe, this story about the prostitute ring down there that cops from all different
departments all over Dade were parking their cars there morning, noon and night and they
were just going in for a cup of coffee, okay?
In a biscuit, a limp biscuit, although they more walked in with a limp biscuit, probably
walked out with a firmer one, but nevertheless, 16 year old prostitutes lost prostitutes.
In the meantime, they're still running their goddamn John Raids out there on this game,
Boulevard, federal highway up and down.
Same old craftsmen going on for a hundred years.
Not to mention, of course, the Raids in the swing clubs.
Ken Jenny, you asshole.
Not to mention that.
But here, the cops, the police, the people at your pain, your tax dollars to protect
us.
They're horn out young girls, underage girls, and that's okay.
And thanks to a bunch of real corrupt cops, this all gets swept out of the carpet and
the media has no questions about it anymore.
I don't know if anybody else in this town that's asking any questions about it.
All these great journalists we have in this town.
Where's all the digging being done?
Why doesn't somebody ask, what's the follow-up on this?
What was the internal investigation that we were promised it's a year later?
And the answer is there is no internal investigation.
There is no follow-up and there is no more information.
Because if you recall back a year ago when it was real hot and heavy news for a couple
of days, they were saying, air re-department in Dade County was represented by people
who were customers.
Well, at least they were kind enough to come by and keep this ring going.
You know, they could have gone and frequented somebody else's or ring and they didn't do
that.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Jupiter, yes, sir.
Oh, this is the book of needle.
Can you help me out?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
877, 785, 6345.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm giving you a call.
Actually, it kind of piggybacks on to your kind of your hostility to the lack of follow-up
from our media and whatnot.
I'll try and make this brief.
I'm a first time caller.
So are you aware of what's going down in the homestead air force space?
How they have to turn over the vacant air force space and that the Miami Dade is trying to
pretty much railroad an alternative airport in the homestead air force space?
Yes, I am.
The reason why I bring it to your attention is because everybody that I seem to talk to
about this, nobody seems to have any kind of awareness about it.
Sierra Club has made some kind of a splash like a new time with ads and whatnot but they don't
seem to get across the most of the people.
And I was hoping that maybe you could address the situation and at least dig into it and inform the...
Dig into it?
Well, in a sense.
Just basically, I'm not a knee-jerk environmentalist by any means and I don't mean to come across as one.
I try and come across as pretty moderate, pretty conservative.
But what they're planning on is to come to the manatee in the road you might sort of do avoid it but maybe not?
Yeah, exactly.
It depends on the velocity that I'm traveling at, of course.
Just basically to summarize this whole thing.
Well, the summarize effect is that they're proposing to build a commercial airport that...
We know that.
230,000 flights.
No need to use covering any of this.
Nobody seems to be in the...
Okay, can I tell you why?
I don't want you to take this the wrong way unless you want to.
The reason being that nobody cares about homestead.
No, no, no.
Listen to me.
After they hurricane anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail and anybody with more than $10 in their pockets all moved out of there.
They're all gone.
There was nobody left there besides a few great pickers and no pickers.
Nobody cares about homestead.
I mean, I don't want the people down there to feel bad about that but nobody cares.
Yeah, but Neil, I'm not concerned about that when I'm concerned about a Skate National Park and Everglades.
Nobody cares about that either.
What are you serious?
Yes.
Wow.
I didn't expect that from you.
No, I didn't say I don't care about the environment.
You like me to tell you that people are up in arms about this and they do care.
I mean, there's a small handful of people who care about that.
But generally, the public is not interested in that.
Yeah.
You're more concerned about who wants to marry a millionaire and they're really getting married.
Damn, and sir, listen to me, you're laughing, but that's the public.
That's what it's all about.
They don't care about the environment.
And it's very unfortunate.
I mean, we have to travel me up in the morning.
When we wake up in the morning, one of these days and take our last gas per fresh air,
maybe then it'll be important.
Well, yeah.
Unfortunately, you got a point there.
Okay, well, good luck to you, pal.
And just to cheer up.
26th after 11 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
QAM drops the clean flag with Motorsport Saturday.
Saturday morning set to fix with Joe Castello right here on Sports Radio 560.
QAM.
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
No.
All the Clinton spent their first night in Jeppacois.
I'm getting on it.
No, I'll get it.
Don't worry, buddy.
Just grab it.
Come on, I'm coming.
Come on, come on.
Hi there.
Well, hello, Mr. President.
I'm Sarah Roovin.
Yes, you will.
Yes, my family lives in the Victorian house across the street.
It's a very nice house and you have very nice legs.
Well, thank you, sir.
And welcome to our little planet, Capacly.
Hope you're standing on the giant living here.
I think I will.
My daughter, I'm there, then.
I have a picture with a little welcome to the neighborhood.
Our family recipes are pineapple upside down cake.
I like to take your pineapple anyway, upside down, sideways.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yes, thank you, Mr. President.
Oh, my mom, then.
It was just a lady for next door.
That's all.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I said I'll get it.
Get it, I said I'll shut up.
What are you doing?
Hey, there, bye.
I can't believe it.
Well, hello.
Hello, Mr. Clinton.
I'm Elaine Crippkin.
Hey, just keep your voice down.
Are you the escort?
No, sir.
Oh, ha, ha, ha.
I'm sorry, Mr. Crippkin.
Look at how beautiful you were.
I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood.
Well, the escort's not here yet.
If you want to jump on a little charlie.
Oh, no, sir.
All right, well, I'll sleep later, I'll eat.
Oh, ha, ha, whatever you're doing.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
No, it's just another neighbor.
You can make some food or what?
Oh, sweet Jesus.
Hey, the doorbell's going crazy.
I'll get it, I'll get it.
I'll get it, I'll get it.
Great Caesar's ghost.
Hi, Billy.
It's me, Marca.
Good.
God, all money.
What do you think of my new bond?
What are you doing here?
What?
What the house next door with my shitty Craig money?
Oh, my God.
We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Five the temptations.
Frankie Valley in a four season.
Simon and Garfunkel.
Well, there's no question that the
mom has a deposit or a lot that are in
Simon and Garfunkel.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
Correct.
diction in on dmg3
Bismipim David Macomb images of
I don't even know who that is.
Freaked out.
No, that lay chic.
But that's done.
Lay chic.
The freak.
Lay freak by chic.
Yes.
Lay chic.
Lay chic of your freak of your...
Brackum.
I don't know.
I wouldn't put them in the top 10.
Lay freak was by chic.
What else did they have?
Good times.
These are good times.
No.
Ditto songs.
Well, he's already gone.
Mostly wrote for other people,
Nile Rogers and the...
And, but there only one not your head of the who.
Yeah, he's got the head of the who.
He's got the chic is number nine and ten is who.
Oh, he's...
I think he meant chic of Arabie,
like with an SH.
And we know what's coming there for the SH.
Yeah, Schmidt.
His top 10 group of the 80s, number one.
Oh, wait, you better hang on tight.
Okay.
You better hang on to your seat real tight.
Number one, Van Halen.
Woo!
Lay freak.
Lay freak.
Number two, the cars.
Number three, Pat Benetar.
Number four, Blondie.
Number five, Michael Jackson.
Number six, the Go-Goes.
There you go.
Oh, yeah.
Number seven, Madonna.
Eight, Holland floats.
Number nine.
Oh, this must be from a suds.
Number nine is Prince.
And number ten.
And again, excuse me for my musical ignorance.
Number ten is Matthew Wilder.
Who is that?
He has a half a hit.
Who is that?
I never heard of Matthew Wilder.
Was he a lay freak like the Dalton temporary pop hit?
That's the joke list.
I'm sure he's fact in the real one right now.
She followed Brick closely by the who they were only one behind.
And Janet Dean Marvin Gaye was right on there behind too.
How's Marvin doing, by the way?
Seeing him lately?
Wow.
Like I said, don't complain about this taste of the American public
because generally speaking, they don't have any.
See him McDonald's, baby.
Don't forget the large fries.
I don't guess who this is.
I just want to hear that.
I love Big Brother.
Oh, man.
Now, where did he have them on the list?
Where they behind it?
Where behind like the monkeys?
I'm surprised he didn't put the Arches on here.
Hey now.
No, I'll show your sugar.
Not hey now.
Um, jingle, jingle.
Oh, the Beach Boy is better than the guest who is what he says.
I mean, that's it.
Even you would know that.
I love the guest, though.
Even you wouldn't make the audacious comment as much as you like your Brian Wilson blow up doll.
21-kill-noon on all music radio QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
I like that.
Fucking blow.
She fools the people when she's acting nice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But Hillary Clinton is as cold as ice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I make a little maniac with the airmen.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mr. Julie Annie yelling at so well.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now, Rudy, did you hear about this one?
Where she suckered Bill as a punch?
Rudy, what would you say to Clinton?
Hey, lady, are you screwing much?
If you believe Hillary Clinton you do.
Man, are you too?
Yes.
If you believe it's not been a first thing you've been fooling.
I'm going to say that.
1145 and 560 WQ.
I'm going to thank Goldberg, show it to me.
We got the booster with six.
Speaking of handfighter, let me just say this.
If he really did say that, which I have a heart,
we've only had 600 calls confirming it about Wayne.
I mean, does anybody remember blockbuster park?
And the stadium he was going to build us his blockbuster park and all that for the Marlins.
The baseball team to play in and yada yada yada.
Everybody dancing that he promised to the sports fans of this town.
Basically, other than bringing the franchises in here,
the Marlins and the Panthers, other than that,
every other thing that he's promised has gone down to Toilet.
Everything.
And then even after he did bring a World Series winner with the Marlins,
then he sold off the whole team and screwed everybody and dumped it off
in this poor, love, John Henry, who thinks somebody's going to build a stadium,
which he is crazy and he is nuts.
So if you're a big fan of...
...the way I am, I am...
They made the Lord have mercy on your soul.
Did anybody call into Tell George's name of that Mariah Carey would Joe 98 degrees song?
Even though when you tell me, I'll forget into seconds, I'm pretty embarrassed for this crowd.
Now you want to hear some great music.
Your Bob's to do, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, for the world, for the world, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey... hey, hey, hey, hey... hey, hey, hey... hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey... hey, hey, hey, hey how do I look like that, hozef resonating on me now, I know how to look like that... hey, hey, you see without focus, heycular, hey problem rib, hey... hey, hey, hey, hey... hey, hey, hey... hey fluid, me premium success stories, okay. hey fluid, hey liquid, he's tired, he's gonna crash, hey fluid, on me,
5.6.7.05.60, 0.5.60 on a year.
We got a dead crowd today, baby.
I mean dead.
What is wrong with this town?
What would it take?
A neutron bomb?
A goddamn good swift kickin' eight.
Correct him.
Ask.
I can't even get my finger on it over there.
I'm so wild I put these goddamn people this week.
See, this town is like yin and yang,
but they never like they're never in sync.
Or did he say in sync, oh I'm sorry, I apologize.
That had nothing to do with music, of course,
because they sure don't.
No, this town is never in sync.
When the phone is working and I'm feeling great,
everything's going good.
I got all my checks, my bonus check.
Everything's going right.
And then these people, they're dead.
And then when we finally get to a response,
then the phone gets all screwed up.
And we go like that on the goddamn phone.
And everything is fallen apart of the scenes.
And they're goddamn OG at the golf tournament.
You can never get like all the good stuff
together at the same time.
Not like for five minutes.
Here's a mobile and four-letter, Dale.
Hello.
Any, oh, yes, sir.
The guy who wants sports updates is another station
at the end of the day.
Yeah, tune this 2200 on the dial.
You'll find all the upchuck you on, OK?
Now, now they're building themselves.
The South Florida is only 24 hour sports station.
Great.
You don't have anything.
Any, you know, something.
And they still don't have any audience.
And it's amazing.
They find, they put some of them.
They finally get Jim Barion and arrest these and guys
I got off the air to put someone
against Hank from four o'clock on.
Yeah.
Have you heard this guy?
I don't turn that thing on.
I'm more proud of you than one.
John is a freak rendshaw.
He's like a furrow on the bench during the daytime now.
Oh, yeah.
No, freak on the bench.
He's a great time making a whole like a lasher, yeah.
If you thought Mad Dog was a homer,
this guy makes Mad Dog seem like a jet fan.
I'm going to tell you something again.
I said it.
I listened to it a couple of times when
a first one on that station makes amateur hours
and understabbing.
They make the kids at Piper High would be embarrassed
if you ever compare them to their station, OK?
I mean, that is the most embarrassing,
virtually the operation you could imagine.
And they think that they're going to have an audience.
And now that they're making their push now,
it could be competition.
And you think it could put someone out with some kind of town
there to go again, Hank.
But you know what, Neil?
You know, they're not showing up any show.
No numbers at all.
I bet you know that they go against the first team.
Number six in this market, the first team,
out of like basically a five station market.
That'll be the only time that they'll show.
No, they will not.
They're never going to show up.
Don't you understand, today, but on since August,
August, September, October, November, December,
five months, they're having had one diary filled out
with their station on it.
Don't you understand what that means?
Curtains, Adios and have a nice day.
See this guy, he keeps knocking him,
but he's obsessed.
He's listening to them.
And he's telling me that they're going to show up against the first team.
Are they going to show up in the morning?
No.
In the midday, in the afternoon, at night,
on Sookas, Easter Sunday, good Friday, bad Friday, Joe Friday.
No, they're not going to show up.
OK, sir, get over it.
I'm glad you have a good time listening to him, by the way.
You love those two live Jews.
That's what Scott Todd Drex said.
Oi!
5, 6, 7, 0, and that bastard Bob Eisenberg,
that Jack Astounder with a Massey, a Musquehade on his head,
boys, he an asshole or what, Bob Eisenberg?
He's an asshole.
I'm glad you told you that Mark isn't related to him,
because Mark seems like a pretty good guy.
Thank God.
Don't doubly blame him, you know.
Same name.
Different family.
Four minutes before noon at QAN.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560.
QA Pan.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I got my windows down on the hot summer day because the hazy dough with no rain.
The sweating pressure of our seats cuts the smell and gets the dust and work at over time.
I'm back in Newfound, a shiny ground and smell like glass, like my carpet china, due to something washing it with all the rokes.
The lucky  birlies
The rope that come outta Jerry Jerry people do that for the dogs.
My-shockin teams throwing both his ciek blow asleep oversguitar.
The hanging is the shimmer of the baleadoon, 
The mailman is the best for supplying a communicate company
Somewhere, where I Charlottes St Pan
Where are you little darland?
Wow, wow.
I mean, I realized that the elegance were no Frankie Lyman and that was the medley of their smash, but I'll get anybody say Frankie Lyman was maybe one of the best thousand singers of all time.
One of the best 45,000 maybe.
Yeah.
Speaking of Frankie Lyman, by the way.
Do do do.
I love you baby.
And what.
Come on baby, let's go down.
Okay, it's a 1204 or 50.
That was where that came from.
Remember the flying saucer.
Who the hell did that the flying saucer by?
Come on quick.
I don't know.
I'm watching the new alpha.
You can and a good man, right?
Or tonight it you can and good man the flying saucer and they have a little clips from the and he said, come on baby, let's go downtown.
That's when that came from.
I never knew what song that came from before.
Oh, Voke of Brian is a God of genius.
That's the same thing different to anybody.
No, never the last five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And how come you can and the good man were down there for the 50s?
Did they belong on the list?
No.
How about Ed the Buchanan and Ellen Goodman?
Rest in peace.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Did that guy have a arrow Smith on his list?
You know something now I know why I'm so angry.
No, he did not.
How do you like that?
I know.
No arrow Smith.
He's got he's got the chic on there.
Lay freak with her chic which the language you don't dare to speak.
He's got that on there but no arrow Smith and a whirling stone from the 70s.
Yeah, I would also want an asshole made this list.
I would throw Boston there in the 70s too but that's just me.
I put him ahead of the well, no, I don't know about the BG's.
I do like the BG's music.
You just have to post it and make you like it.
Yeah, they're good for your image.
They have a good use of parties and stuff.
Yeah.
But speaking of remates will Madonna redoing American pie just.
I have to make you cry.
Oh, that American pie.
And closing John Henry get behind the rest of the tourist muggers in line.
Okay.
Yeah.
John Henry, if he got a shot, he don't even have a shot like James.
You know Jimmy thought they had a shot and he's gone.
This guy don't even have a shot this John Henry.
Oh, I, you know something.
This is the first time in my life.
I'll ever pull for Mickey Ererson.
I hope he squashes him like a net.
Like a goddamn meteorite from outer space squashing a net.
Hitting it square.
Let's in.
Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Here's another one somebody faxed me from poor Charlotte.
Matthew Wilder, one of the top 10 in the 80s and no mention of the police.
The police.
Huh?
I think we need to sing is what we need to do to investigate who the hell sent us to stupid facts.
But nevertheless, he killed some good time with his crap.
And did I mention I love that Mariah Carey saw.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I didn't catch the beginning of that list.
Is that just the American bands?
Yeah.
Well, no, the Beatles were in American band all bands all over the universe.
My opinion, I just think the best thing to come out of Canada is rush.
Is it on that list?
No, he's not on here, but they they don't allow fat people on the list.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on rush.
This guy don't know from rush.
He don't even know from from hunger from arrow Smith.
And I'm going to tell you Steve Tyler is pretty pissed off about this list right now.
He is pissed.
He's going to send his daughter over here and knock the crap out of you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 moon glows in Lloyd Price.
This man has got tasted his to a shred.
Oh, God.
Oh, no, no fat's domino.
No fat's domino.
He's got the moon glows.
He's got Frankie Lyman.
He's got Lloyd Price.
He's got that fruitcake little Richard.
A little too too deep food even for me.
No fat's domino.
What about big boppers, big, big fat black eyes who could say dead?
Here's pompano.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
List or boring, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let me ask Christian.
Let's talk politics.
Who are you going to vote for if you voted today?
So in other words, you're changing the show.
You're because it's boring to you.
You're changing the topic?
Absolutely.
No, you're not.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
We're not doing lists.
We're discussing now.
I read the list.
Now we're having a discussion.
Which you're obviously incapable of doing.
Okay.
And I'm afraid that nobody wants to hear your rendition of Osu Santa.
I'm afraid nobody wants to hear that.
I just want to know what you're up to today.
Why am I not here at no.
That's real exciting.
Who would I vote for if the auction were today.
Everybody already knows that.
I've already said it.
And today is the 25th of February is the election today?
No.
No.
So go take a poll, okay?
Here's the leading four-letter.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Neil.
Hi.
Hi, I'm calling on behalf of all the men in my office that make me listen to you all day. They force you at gunpoint
Yes, and I've kind of grown to like you. Well, thank you for that and
Just one word for one particular man
Isn't that sad isn't that said
She's surrounded by all her co-workers there and she comes on a year and says, correct them
Maybe she wants to go to the Greek festival. That must be what that's about
Five six and oh by the way this is a nephew. He's gonna kill me
Oh, at least it's gonna kill out of good time pumping two of these at the same time
Hi, this is Brett Hediken and you're listening to South Florida's hockey authority Neil Rogers
Oh
You
Crazy
It's crazy to win.
It's the crazy you crazy.
After all of my hit record, all that my dad ever said was
so thanks, thanks, you find the job.
When you get back from being a numb, yes, my dad is an asshole.
Yes.
A big cell.
You think I'm an asshole?
Yes.
You think it's fun.
You think it's worth the fact that you're not a drug.
That's it.
That's it.
It's too late for long.
That's a heart.
If you like to come up and say, oh, today, say, you know,
that's the worst.
But in all seriousness, I would say that we have to focus on my kids.
Come on, show them a few bucks to those little re-tires.
Bye bye.
Keep smoking, Jerry.
Keep smoking like a 2030 packs today.
Hey, here's the fact that it says you just had a commercial for a telephone company that
used a person by the name of Throck Morton.
I'm in the medical profession and Throck Morton is a syndrome where a man's penis will
point in the direction of his injury.
Says Mary from that this hospital.
What happened to hit points straight at your rectum?
Also, she says, PS, what the hell is with this monk crap?
They've only won one game since the Schmidt has started.
As a matter of fact, Mary, they're out into it home since they started with a monk crap.
Monk pleads guilty to indecency in Johnson City, Texas right on the heels.
And that will I figure it would be time I fit right in so to speak.
A monk pleaded guilty to indecency with the child and was sentenced to 10 years probation Wednesday,
less than a week before he was scheduled for trial.
State District Judge Glyphor, Gilford Jones, accepted the plea entered by Samuel A.
Green 55 known as father Benedict.
No relation of course to father old tool.
I don't think charges against green and another monk Jonathan hit.
We're filed last year in stem from the mother of he knows Chio the hitman,
where we're a file last year in stem from their actions involving a 14 year old novice monk
studying at Christ of the Hills monastery near Blanco, Texas in 1997.
Hit 38 known as father Jeremiah also no relation to father old tool was convicted in October and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
The victim testified he had had several sexual encounters with hit.
In other words, he was hitting on him.
The youth said he didn't object to the advances on the advice of green, the spiritual leader of the religious enclave.
He said, try it. You're like it.
So there you go. So there's another good reason to be having those monks as a mascot.
There are a bunch of pedophiles.
560, 560, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile them kindle. Hello.
Leo, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great show by the way. How about them panthers?
Yeah.
Trevor could play the excellent the other day.
Yeah, we won a game.
Well, it was late last night though.
No, no, not before.
Yeah, I was a good one.
Coming back from an injury like you did, I thought he was outstanding.
It was amazing.
Neil, can you say a favor I had with buddy of mine, turn me on your show.
He's always talking about the bags in the church conversation and also the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Could you help me out and play one of those eventually?
How about if I played them both?
Great. That would be outstanding.
Okay, have a great day.
All right, you two things.
These are the bags in the church.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
There you go.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's this call in Milwaukee that's been sitting there on the airline nine for longer than the Coons age.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing from Milwaukee, Wisconsin?
All right.
Hey, I love a transplant from South Florida up here in Milwaukee now and my entire office now loves you because I listen to you on the internet.
All right.
Who is this man?
He's the answer on the radio, yeah.
Well, they don't have anybody like you in Milwaukee.
I'm sure they're sure you that.
Of course, they're drunk all the time anyway.
Well, that was a make.
Yeah, that is true.
That is true.
Hey, about that 70 list.
Oh, well, they didn't have Jeffrey Dahmer up there for a little while, but he ate himself out of house and home.
What is it about the list?
Yes.
What about Steve Miller band?
It's on earth number six and the 70s on this list.
Oh, it might be okay except for the fact that Erosomet's done on there and either of the Rolling Stones, which shows you this is a bozo that sent these lists.
Agreed.
Agreed.
Hey, Neil, can you do me a favor?
Maybe.
Can you do the Neil Godson?
No.
Have a great day, pal.
You got any.
See you.
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AC.
I've never understand me.
I know people say things by wrote.
But when you say have a great day and he says you got it, Neil.
If I were I'm saying, I mean, people say things.
He's a good guy.
He's in Milwaukee.
He's under a lot of pressure.
They drink a lot of really bad beer up there.
A lot of pea water, but man.
I just don't understand why people say things like by road because we're.
In condition, not we use some of you here, condition to saying these things.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy.
Yeah, I'm hurting.
I'm back to you.
I didn't hear you mention pink Floyd.
Because it's not on this guy's list.
He's kidding.
No.
And probably because I hate pink Floyd, but beside that.
But well, I'm on the shock that they put me in the air.
They put me in the air.
And everybody out.
What about, I can't believe he said you don't like rush.
I didn't say that.
I was talking about the talk guy.
It was a joke.
Yeah, it was a little joke.
Okay, I appreciate that.
Thanks for clarifying.
Have a great weekend back to you.
You got it.
You got it.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Out of town line, eight days.
Let's not talking about this music crap.
Okay, they got to come before was right.
The list are terminal.
In fact, not only is the list bad, but the concept is bad.
You spoil my whole day.
It's there with your crappy list.
And that Frankie Lyman swill.
Jesus Christ and Lee Freak and chic.
Although, at least I learned something today.
I mean, I know my disco, man.
I know my Gloria Giner.
But Lee Freak, I just, it's one of those things.
The more you keep saying it now, it makes sense.
You follow what I'm saying?
And who gives a crap anyway?
I'd rather talk about Mariah Curian that really, really a bad record
by Mariah and Joe Mama.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
For Lauderdale.
Yeah, let me ask you.
It was Sublux.
What's on the list?
No.
How about green?
No.
Thank God.
Did my greens hate hate not to dislike hate despise.
Not as he added.
I think back in the 70s, of course, I was starting in my 30s.
Bombed inducing.
That's the most popular band that I can remember.
More popular than the Beatles.
More popular than the Rolling Stones.
But why?
Popular than Aerosmith.
By a different group of people.
Oh.
In other words, people were doing different drugs, yeah.
Yeah, well probably because I believe in it.
You got to do a lot of drugs to like that music.
Rolling, rolling, rolling.
Oh, if I needed to see that.
Because I was working on Zayda that one year,
and because Pete Bolger had a, he had a blow up dial for each member of the group,
we had a place CCR like once every five minutes.
That's why I don't ever want to hear their music again.
How about that?
I thought it was all that good in the first place,
but I don't want to hear it again.
Have a good weekend.
And back to you.
Although, who'll stop the Wayne?
That wasn't too bad.
5,670.
5,000 times.
Why?
Huh?
After the first 25 million times, yeah.
Who'll stop the Wayne?
I said.
5,670, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877.
Yeah, but you know something that's antenna.
He was an innovator.
Great.
Talk about me seeing music, pseudo and electrodes.
That really does.
It's like movie, pseudo and any kind of suit.
Oh, yeah, but what great direction and what great filmmaking
and the shades of black and yellow and white and purple?
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say.
5,670, 560.
We're talking about nuclear fish today.
We're talking about political persuasions.
We're talking about friendly persuasion by Pat Boone.
Anything but that stupid music list
that I want to apologize to that real jackass
that called about who am I going to vote for if you like some word today.
He was a moron, but nevertheless, he may have had a point.
This is almost as bad as the doggy list.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I think you just made the statement of the century right there.
What is that?
Music, pseudo and Delight Shul.
I mean, I like my own music, but I don't go up to my friends
and I stick my nose up in the air and say, hey, you know,
you don't understand the music.
Exactly.
That's why, like I said before, I made the statement
because this is where you're supposed to feel.
Whatever you like, you like, you don't want somebody else in explanation.
You don't have to defend it.
If you like to guide the ambitals, if you like the carpenters,
no matter what kind of crap you like, if you like it, do you like it?
Absolutely.
I mean, my girlfriend likes Savage Garden.
I can't stand him.
Oh, Savage Garden, Jesus.
Man.
Wow.
And I'm myself completely opposite of me.
I like the doors.
I like black Sabbath.
Right.
You know, and stuff like that.
And that's how it is.
I was like, I like black Sabbath, heavy metal.
Right.
You know, the soft stuff.
But, you know,
she likes the soft stuff.
Maybe that's why she hangs around you a lot.
Anyway, and also you were talking about the Grammys.
And you were talking about like the new music today.
Oh,
yeah, the Lauren Wilson Room.
Everybody now makes those monings sound, and that's supposed to be a song.
A friend of mine said that they called it twitch songs,
because there's twitch or something.
And I'm like, yeah, that's a lot of manner to fit through that thing, you know?
they are something all of those songs ought to be torched and the people of
kingdom to
and starting with Lauren Hill
and what is it?
Jim Rom chronic
and and and
Jim Rom chronic
and I've heard you're a Jim Rom chronic okay he's gone
what what does that mean Jim Rom is on right now why do we be calling me if he's
a Jim Rom chronic you got a spy report on him yes
he probably hangs out with Murray every day probably hangs out with Murray
so I would just a chronic caller who calls talks to us the other side of his own
boys so we don't play that game on this show okay bye bye
follow actually was making some sense
you make any sense no I don't always
hey listen we're just here to help you get through the day every day five
days a week that's all we can do in this time I got to change the world
we're not going to change anybody we're not going to change your mind we're not
even going to change your underwear
all we're going to do is the best we got then can that's all we can do
go out there to a champsamer counter restaurant 64-01 North Andrews 7-04
lottery between now and one thirty
and your last chance to get tickets to the third annual
new times international beer festival is happening tonight one of the QM
vans is there and the other ones at the Bell South mobility in the Gables 2299
punts which maybe they don't have as much stuff to give away I really don't
know but Miguel is there which makes it worth a while to me stop by for great
deals on Bell South mobility products win some QA embodies from now till one
o'clock at that location and maybe we'll have to year four more if we only
had about a hundred vans we wouldn't have to do a show which is to eat all the
goddamn vandal occasions and do a bunch of hits every day rhymes with Smith
26 past noon oh my god 26 past noon that list that was the guy was right that
just killed me it put me into a whole different frame of mind I feel a
suicidal at this point I'm ready for a goddamn Snickers bar
the minute
Every night I check him to make sure he's breathing.
I want to have children someday.
Put aside your syringes like kissing their obtaining knowledge about their own lives and best wishes to their own Persian father.
I just hope that his voice ain't enough.
Just in, they say I'll have twins, but I know what to do with.
Not true for all, as in fact, we'll survive.
Alright, here I'll be safe, come back away.
And I can't get you off my mind.
No one knows I hide inside.
I keep on searching for I can find.
The courage to show, to make you know.
I've never felt the love before.
And once again, I can't get a bite.
Can they hear me where I?
But if I let you go, I'll never know.
What's my life for me, only if you close to me?
Will I ever see you smiling back at me?
For yes, I know we'll always be.
And why is you going?
I have some life, I hear my mistakes.
For I can't just do it just daily.
There's no one like you to do.
I just think of my part, I don't know if that's the same.
We'll work hard.
I'm too excited to lie.
I'm too bad to lose.
I'm too late.
I got you.
And once again, I think it's fine.
Think it's an easy way.
I do find it's fine if you close.
I will never know.
What's my life for me, only if you close to me?
Will I ever see you smiling back at me?
For yes, I know we'll always be.
And why is it so hard to let you go?
If I let you go, I'll never know.
What's my life for me, only if you close to me?
I'm thinking about, thinking about easily out.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about, thinking about easily out.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
For yes, I know we'll always be.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you.
Medicaid wasppotoid
Theinoot
Medicaid wasnpebe
like what, three years ago we were at PAXN 3 and a half years ago.
The morning show there, a gigantic flop, Ron and Ron, the humongous flop.
Big fat flop.
We were doing great in the beginning and then of course that started tailing off around
the time the whole station went in the crapper when we had that contract negotiation and
everybody was suicidal.
And then we're concerned that the afternoon we're like holding on by a thread and they're
off the air basically.
Air air, and then they switch from PAXN to the queer channel and they keep the same losers
in there running the place and it's worse now that it was then.
They don't have one single day part, persons 25-54 where they break a one share, where they're
around in fractions, 50,000 watts.
Why do you think they call it stupid talk for crying out loud?
Stupid talk.
And then they can put it up guys like that phone we had yesterday, they got it's
plugged in the list wild.
Remember that guy?
Just like they got it's giving me the story with a fan before.
Oh, they're terrible.
He's giving me the whole lineup, you know.
Round the clock.
He's the one that's listening.
I'm going to say it again and I never could say this too often.
The sports nerds are the most lifeless, the most pathetic, the most embarrassing and we
don't thank God Ron here give you a four hour break.
I don't want anything to do with those sports nerd people.
Oh, couldn't you do some sports updates here?
No, no, no, no, how do you think they're going to do it?
No press conferences, no sports updates, no crack.
No, no.
The head cap with no scores, starting at 10th of the last game in week night, only on
sports radio 5.6, QAM.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
and see your dirty and both grandmas live at the sun.
I did it, did it, did it, did it, did it!
Six-year-old kid gets dragged to death, dragged five miles,
but that low-life scumbag in a car up there.
And does anybody talking about that?
No.
Irresponsible mother, that's the similarity there,
in both cases, irresponsible mother,
risking the life of a child.
And the kid up there is dead,
dragged five miles to a horrendous, screaming, bleeding,
a horrendous, grotesque, unspeakable death.
There'll be no conversation about that.
There won't be any hearings about that.
In the meantime, they ought to take that scharcher there,
that was driving the car.
And they had to put, like I said,
put them promoted on the day and rather evening news at 6.30
and have a special 60 minutes, 2.3 and 4 at 8 o'clock
and fry his ass on the air.
Well, instead of frying his ass,
how about just picking the pluckin' his eyes out?
And picking him apart, sell by sell.
We can let that cruel and unusual clause up for that day.
Yeah, let it pass, okay, let it pee.
Let it kind of slide.
Put it right there on TV.
Nobody cares about that,
but here in South Florida,
alien, this, and then there isn't anybody who cares anymore.
Nobody, we're pukin' from it already.
And the local news media doesn't still haven't caught on.
We don't care.
We don't give a crap.
We don't want to hear,
and not another word about it.
Ever.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just had a call and tell you how much I sympathize with you.
I was listening to your show yesterday,
and the guy called in about Carlos Santana
with an innovator he is.
Yes, and I got the...
The maddie?
Yeah, great.
I'm a little bit guy who was pissed off
because my taste isn't the same.
Yeah, you guys, I just couldn't believe he got maddy.
Just because I said taste this, you know.
Exactly.
And I mean, you mentioned Andre Sugovia.
He is dead.
He's been dead since 93.
Who?
Andre Sugovia.
Oh, I know that.
Yeah, he's been dead since I know you were asking if he was dead or yet.
But yeah, he's definitely dead and...
Well, we always liked a double check.
Carlos Santana couldn't hold his jock strap
as far as musician goes.
I mean, and that's just my opinion.
Yeah, but Andre Sugovia wasn't going to be winning any Grammys either.
So what difference does it make?
Oh, that was a thick...
That was a thick...
That was a thick penny.
That was a thick penny.
That was usually a good lot of Grammys.
Although they probably have some category for that on.
Well, I think that was like his last for off Santana.
What did you, like, 85 years old?
I mean, 10-10.
He hasn't put on an album in, like, 25 years and again, 13.
Go figure.
Anyway, it's all I got, buddy.
Okay, thanks.
But they do like the fact that, well, you know, he likes the Santa Ria rituals.
He likes choking a chicken on the front lawn.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, but he's an innovator.
But you're not...
You're rolling your eyes, but it's the same thing with you.
Did they write music?
And it doesn't make any difference.
That's got nothing to do with producing, with making music, with making sound.
A singer is not necessarily a musician.
Right.
That's correct.
And the awards aren't for the best musician.
They're for the best song, the best vocal group.
That's right.
We're talking about singing, making sounds.
The best penis is obviously for...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
You call that a penis?
On the AT&T wireless line.
Toll-free line for you all over the world, all over the universe.
That this company put in a great expense.
And believe me, they're not too happy about it.
Although they are happy that it doesn't ring too much.
877-785-6345.
Only call we had to think from the West Coast all day,
was that Redneck right off the bat from Naples, that...
Guns, please, are over there.
Oh, yeah.
He's just making the rounds.
That Guns, Squeezing, Yahoo, Redneck.
I feel so sorry for you, few living and breeding civilized people on the West Coast of Florida.
I mean, we talk about this place could use a bunch of transplants.
Forget it.
Few people on the West Coast.
Why not just ship all the Yahoo's out on busloads,
and we'll bring some living and breeding people over there on the West Coast.
And maybe some of us might even come over and check it out.
Did he say, check it out?
Oh, my God.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Yeah, it's Hollywood.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, um, let Zeppelin's out on the list.
Yeah, it was.
What was it?
This is only in the way space.
Get it, it was on there.
All right.
He's not too not that bad at it.
Okay, the fact that he left off the Rolling Stone tenero Smith as long as he had to let Zeppelin, which this guy is like.
And by the way, anybody know who that song was that I've heard?
No, then I tell you.
No.
That's, and did you write down a guess?
Yes, and the lady on two has a guess.
Oh, well, thank God for that.
Yes, who?
Here's a lady mobile and sunrise.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I was wondering, did a group that you played earlier?
Right.
Is that the new group that there's three guys?
I think it's called Youngstown?
No.
Oh, I'm going.
I thought that was it because I figured you wouldn't do it in sync or backstreet because that's the same old thing.
Two out of you, yes, same old.
Yeah.
But I thought it was that Youngstown or Janestown.
I don't know what they're called.
My daughter is not the bad of me.
Dumb town.
I don't even know who that is.
Well, there's three.
There's three gentlemen.
Oh, there's so many of these punky little groups now.
You got five and you got four and three and two.
I know.
And then you got that S Club seven and S Club 69.
I mean, there's so many.
You can't keep track anymore.
Well, three was taken.
So it's three, three guys figured they just picked Youngstown or Janestown, something like that.
Yeah.
Maybe after the Janestown murder.
I might have put them over the edge.
Okay.
Thanks for your hard.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Now, nobody's going to know who that is.
It's a great song by the way the Lord George doesn't like it.
See that?
That's why I'm pleased because I love that song.
I love it.
I think it's, in fact, not the R&T.
It's better than smooth.
That's smooth song by Santana and Rob Thomas guy.
It's annoying.
I mean, it's not just a song.
I don't like it's annoying.
It's just, oh, it makes my skin crawl.
I've only seen it 72,000 times.
Luckily, though you put it together, it doesn't amount to too many seconds because, boy, I can, I can surf those channels real quick.
My finger can move real fast.
You know what I'm saying?
Brackdom.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a pay phone and the gables.
Hello?
I learned it.
Yes, sir.
I'm a mentor of NIGGY, I do this, uh, student editor.
What is it?
How did you do this?
If you, uh, stopped 10 days or whatever.
Oh, some jackass in the audience.
I don't know.
It's anonymous.
Of course, you don't think anybody put their name to that, do you?
I wouldn't.
Uh, man, rush.
Rush up to the year number one.
Rush up to the year number one.
Hey, everyone.
Yeah.
Dr. Lorna.
I mean, come on.
I mean, uh, the music is great.
I'm going to tell you something, sir.
When you hang this phone up, they should, they should give you $30 in change,
come through that thing.
That's how bad the quality of this phone is.
For real?
It was a pay phone.
Hey, everyone.
But the new experience, the name of our phone is a rush.
You like it, man?
I, uh, what's right?
Didn't say I didn't like rush.
I made a joke out of it right away.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
I'm not, I'm not.
There's a ride.
There's a Canadian A.
What's, what's not to like there?
Canadian.
But then again, so is Ann Marie.
So nobody's perfect.
Hey, great day.
Yeah.
I'm from free will.
I thought about, uh, these were either, uh, bullcrap.
Yeah.
Yeah, you should play it, I mean.
Okay, how about R.E.M.?
Uh, yeah, alright.
Okay, see ya.
By the way, did you ever see, talk about mincing floating queens?
Did you ever see the video losing my religion?
Yeah, Michael's, uh, a stight?
That is the name?
Yeah, he's a mincing queen.
Oh, no, oh, man.
I had never, I love, I mean, I've had their music for years.
I love their music and that song especially.
But I had never seen that, but have you ever seen that video?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Nice dancing, yeah.
I mean, there, you're, they're just talking about float away.
Remember, just fade away by buddy Holly.
This is kind of take off on it, just float away.
Maybe, Ellie, I could listen to that.
Take a little point or two.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
R, E, N, baby.
Pretty good.
Awww.
There are a bunch of queens.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Tamarack.
Where's the lift?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Sounds like he had a mouth full of, it's meant to me, didn't it?
He must not know how to attack the buffet.
I think he's starting in the team room if he acts me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Although he does, he does make a good point if I could ever get this damn thing to move here.
One moment please.
Where the hell is that?
Where's the good ass?
Yeah, not too good pal.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What happened to Deep Purple?
Not on there.
Not on the lift.
No.
You're right, heep.
No.
Not on the lift.
Hey you know the reason Andre's to go here doesn't sell enough albums or enough compared to
Corva Santana is because he probably doesn't look good in tights.
That might be a plus the fact he's been dead seven years don't help either.
Yeah and you know classical music with the copyright sort of stuff.
Yeah that's Carlos Santana, he sure turns me on.
Yes, yes.
And I robbed Thomas.
I'm telling you if he stuck his tongue any further down his throat it would have come out
his rectum.
This car also is on J. Leno last many went up to Hoj and his half fell off and you can see that bright shining
bolts butt.
Okay.
Love you Neil.
See ya.
Nice going Carlos.
Not too bad for a guy celebrating his 123rd birthday today.
His 123rd.
You turt.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
That's 60.
Hey if you like Santana you got a lot of company out there.
Like I said, there's a lot of people that would rather have vanilla than Rocky Road ice cream.
You eat them and allow have the Rocky Road.
Thank you.
Be my guest.
These people are getting into a bit of a side split people with sports teams.
Oh you know like you go to a football game in this town and if you're not there don't like the right team right away they're going to blow your brains out.
Talk about juvenile and asses nine.
I mean if you want to kill each other over religion they've been doing that for a long time.
Not over some stupid record or you know crap like that.
Although if you don't like that record I played a little while ago.
That's the use sweetheart.
So who sang it?
Yeah.
Very good.
Did you know that was that just a that was my very good effort.
George is right on top of it of course.
The fact that the picture of the group is on a wall back here might have been a conflict.
When I close my eyes that's the negative image.
And it's a good thing that you nail that picture down because they were floating away a little bit last time I take a piece.
I use thumbtacks.
I'd say three out of five ain't bad okay.
The other two you can have them.
Okay so before we do the ID George and I must say this is very important.
And if you really want something delicious and it's got to be like full of carbohydrates.
But something that'll make your lips pucker up.
No not that Miguel.
But oval team right out of the jar right from the whole team.
Oh you can suck on that all day.
WQA M.
My heavy boy car tail.
It's the band to two hour.
Hi V.
There's a lot of pasta.
Just can't flush today.
Too much of those copper hydrate.
Put my hair for me.
Welcome.
But since the found new Rogers.
The doctor at Kim's food.
I can take at least 15.
The day better get the school.
And tell me you feel the change tonight.
You really feel your best.
It's another to make fat hang cold burger.
Shit on QA M.
It can't be a feel the change tonight.
How your kiss keeps turning.
Listen up.
You can make that sex bitch monologue.
And grab her electric worm.
Yes.
Yes it's an old.
You can make the sex bitch monologue.
And get her electric worm.
Well I'm sure that this word out the absolutely sure what he said.
I'm sure that it must be okay.
We're still debating that one.
Yeah I think he was shedding the pound.
Well that's timely.
Between Elton John, I'll be sharing whatever it's name is.
And the epicant seminar yesterday.
With all these other big shots.
Dr. Dean Ornish.
She just saw them boring.
And of course Dr. McDougal, he's a ball of fire.
And then Dr. Rackens, he's the most boring of mall.
And they're all sitting around there.
Like that.
You know trying to pedal a lot of books and stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I think I'm going to go home and suck on some oval things.
Well I haven't had that in years.
Wow.
And you know it's also real good as those things that are made of egg whites.
You know those little hard.
What do you call those?
The meringue.
The meringue.
Those little things.
What the hell do they call those?
Oh my god.
They're real sweet and just.
Oh well don't you remember we had those from all.
Like I said, forget about it.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
In regard to that guy called before who was compared to me.
This sounds like a real chronic to me.
In regard to that guy called before before before.
Let me check it again.
This sounds like a real chronic to me.
It is 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See how not interested in chronic.
So okay.
I can't really put my finger on which one you are.
But just tearing like two words out of your voice makes my skin crawl.
Okay.
So have a great life or not as the case maybe.
Whichever you prefer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
Leave the chronic to the sports nerd shows.
Okay.
We're not interested in chronic's on the show.
Are we?
24 years and we still got people that were calling 24 years long.
Then we can't get rid of.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm calling about these rehabilitation centers that these athletes go to.
Do you have any success stories?
You're talking about like the oral strawberry.
I mean, drug.
That could be one.
You got famed more of these self drugs.
But I guess he doesn't go to rehab centers for things like that.
Yeah.
I mean, when Mark Dupor, I guess he didn't have to go to rehab for pedaling drugs.
I don't think you have to go to rehab.
Danny McClain had a little nose problem.
And of course he wanted to squint all those people in business.
He's back in a slammer.
So I guess he was in a wrong rehab house.
I mean, Pete Rose doesn't have a problem with gambling and Darryl Strawberry doesn't have a problem with drugs.
And all these guys, we just keep rewarding them.
Why don't we have to listen to this and just keep calling?
Well, then we have people like Andy Kaplan on our station defending Darryl Strawberry and saying he was only hurting himself, not hurting anybody else.
I heard Hank talking about that yesterday.
That's the most ridiculous excuse and rationalization.
How many chances does some scumbag have to get?
How many chances do you get in life?
I get people who find the guitar to your crap.
Wasn't Darryl framed this time though?
Oh, that's true. I forgot about that right.
I can't get over these framing bits.
Somebody stuffed it up his nose as well.
I'm hearing.
Well, there are some successful rehab places in Massachusetts or something.
But the one is in Florida and New York and Betty.
I think the best one is that one where they send the priest out into Mexico.
I think that one works real well.
You know what I'm talking about?
The priest.
The priest.
Yeah, the nice thing about the Catholic churches, if you do something in Miami,
they'll send you to think Louis.
That's right.
At least they won't do it here again.
Okay, you can have a great life, pal.
Call from Naples.
I'll be like that.
And that guy didn't sound like he was going out.
He's like anybody like our first Naples call this morning in that wild red neck.
Well, the second amendment says, the second amendment doesn't say a goddamn thing about crazy red necks in Naples.
Florida shooting up everybody doesn't say a thing about that.
And he couldn't debate the point I made, which was a very good argument if he asked me.
And I'll say, yeah, it was pretty good.
And I'll tell you that.
And that is if the constitution is the only thing we go by, it doesn't it doesn't allow Congress or anybody else to limit the age.
If it's an absolute right of all American, then little kids should own guns too.
I'm sure that I would say, good idea.
Good idea.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, regarding the guessing of the band.
Yes.
98 degrees.
98 degrees is wrong.
Then the second thing I wanted to talk about in the seventies was Alton John mentioned.
And that list.
That's right.
Not even on the list.
Very good point.
What a what a bozo.
You know something.
Now you understand why he said it anonymously.
Would you put your name to a piece of direct like that?
Not at all.
No way.
OK.
Thanks, pal.
Bye.
I mean, speaking about in John, we just heard that thing from that Cornball movie, The Lion King.
The Lion King.
The Lion King.
The Jewish movie The Lion King.
The Vith Rathong by the way.
The little Vith Rathong.
Yeah.
What?
And isn't that interesting, by the way, that we've got this one group of young punks.
They'll never admit to like an Alton John because he's a foul.
Oh, yeah.
What do you look at me like that for?
How young.
Six.
No, no, seriously, I would say like from, oh, I don't know, teenagers to like 30.
There's a whole group of those people who absolutely will tell the Alton John that they had one
up there with the music because he's a fag.
And they would say, oh, there goes the whole of this fag music again if I played Alton John.
And great, or at least he was.
He is.
He's still great.
Did you hear the thing from the soundtrack?
You didn't see that.
No.
And the performance he did that filled it up.
Oh, there are freedom's great songs.
I'm not afraid of that.
What I'm telling you, what he did, and I know the Backstreet Boys, they didn't the overwhelm that they were like in the background.
They were standing and hanging over a piano and he kept squeezing none of the piano there, squeezing their parts.
But it was great.
And he was live.
You'll never see him lip sync.
I'll guarantee you that.
He that's the difference.
Let me tell you right now.
You see a group or a performer who lip syncs.
I mean, unless it's a situation where they're like doing a lot of dancing and huchi kuh whatever.
But if somebody who routinely lip syncs, which does disappoint me a lot about the Backstreet Boys,
because they do lip sync a lot.
And if you're in Nick Carter that's the thing that the night, I think you'd understand why they lip sync a lot.
I mean, I like their music, but they're like, they're a recording studio group is basically what they are.
So even George, you didn't hear him what I just said, but he would agree with that.
Yes.
But 98 degrees, even though you don't like him, but they sing, they never lip sync and they can sing.
Acapella with music with whatever they can really sing.
What?
I just use that as an example.
Okay.
I'm just using it as an example.
Forget about those groups.
I'm just talking in general when somebody.
Okay.
And you'll never see Elton John lip sync.
Oh, she ain't lip sync.
She might move lips a little bit.
So move back please.
And anybody who can play anything at the same time.
Yeah, not to mention his great penis ability.
Nine minutes.
Well, that's what Billy Joel was talking about was the a penis thing.
He said he's one of the great penis in history.
Even better than that John penis, he used to be in the QM sales department.
Is he still here?
He's gone.
And what was the guy?
I don't even know the guy's name.
They left us today.
What else is name?
That who what?
Our sales guy that left today.
I forgot.
Sparky.
Oh, Sparky.
That's right.
Old Sparky.
Bye bye, old Sparky.
We'll see him no more.
Well, this sales department man, it's like a spinning like a dreidel in heat.
It's just like a pop spinning and spinning and spinning and spinning.
It just went up like a goddamn snare drum.
Man.
They're flying out the door.
Gym mandates toss boards.
We can write news on sports radio.
Yeah.
Classics in QA and...
It's Friday, you bastard.
Yeah, if I would step my tongue down your throat,
would we read it on the front page?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a fat eye.
I know.
I'm gerr is good for show, but she's not like him.
Oh, man.
So is that I know.
Which only likes to blow when a light gets.
I only dig a hole in it.
I know.
We were dancing in the season and we liked that.
Oh, man.
I know.
He's only saying it's falling, but I can't rely on him.
Well, 16 at 5.
62.
I'm going to have to hang over to show it to the guy today.
Fat Boogshambi show.
I mean, the show is 6 to 6.
45.
Bill Oval Wildcats and the Miami-Hercune's baseball 6.
45 the night at 8.
K after the game.
By the way, I wonder if the Bill Oval Wildcats are related to the Albian Wildcats.
I think there's a chance.
All right.
5.6705.
60.
Pound 5.
60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I wonder how Wayne writes doing the Albian Michigan.
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
I bet he did.
Wouldn't that be something if he was dead?
Here's a Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
First off, on that list, was Marvin Gaye on there, by chance?
Yeah, he was number 10.
Beach Boys were number one.
He was number 10.
At the Beach Boys.
I don't understand that.
They were both the Beatles on this guy's list.
He's got his Michael Lough blow-up bell.
He's pumping it right now.
He's a Joker.
I think he won the, you know, being that movie.
I think that's where it is.
Probably.
Anyway, you're talking about Hank.
I don't know if you got, I know you've had a few confirmations about what Hank was saying yesterday.
Absolutely thickening.
I mean, really.
So, in some other words, he didn't just make a passing comedy with such a way.
He was, what you're saying?
Why would he do that?
I don't, it was the contracts brought up about Henry and everyone done.
Then he makes the comment that, you know, all the owners and everything like that, that he thinks that, you know, he's a straight shooter and everything like that.
He tells you exactly.
He's talking about Peter North, if he wants to talk about a straight shooter.
Not Wayne.
But, you know, he's saying, you know, he'd be so, he said, you got to sell a team, you can get real part of the, you know, I know that.
But I guess Hank has selective memory and you forgot about that one comment you were playing earlier about the, uh, the rental center.
Yeah, the rental center and about Blockbuster Park.
And he was going to build his own stadium and it was going to be all part of this big grandios plan.
And then he sold all his Blockbuster stock and the tears were running down his cheeks while he was counting the money.
I mean, he's lying every step of the way to the public here.
And then I guess he forgot to think he said in Parade Magazine or whatever my traffic, whatever it was, about he's not in it for the fans.
He's in it strictly for the money and basically couldn't give a crap less about the fans, which he's proven over and over again.
Exactly. I mean, I think, you know, he's got a good little proger there too and, uh, Henry, you know, Henry's going to do exactly what he did.
You know, he's going to just, you know, just, you know, line line line.
John Henry's a pimp.
Don't you understand?
He set this guy up.
He conveys sold it a bit of goods.
He convinced them that he was the bad guy, Wayne.
And that John Henry would, would the good world of the public by not being Wayne.
And then all he had to do was buy the team and give him a big solid answer and that everybody come in and build him a stadium.
Yeah, I think, uh, I think Henry got the chef like, uh, Isaac K said, well, good luck to him.
And, uh, one last thing.
Welcome live.
Okay.
Long show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 80 and the wireless line.
Oh, God.
See, this is what happens when Dolphin season ends in South Florida boys and girls.
This is what happens.
It gets really the word is desperate.
Even though we don't discuss it here on a show, there's still this like vacuum.
There's this like somebody reached in and pulled half your kishkis out like when your dog dies something like that.
Yeah, that doggy litter.
I was talking with people about that yesterday.
Little dogs just like the point you made.
They kick up the kishmuts behind them.
Yeah.
Can't you just see all that litter?
And of course, whatever is in the litter, too, is probably flying around to.
Do they also sell plastic for your furniture?
Maybe that's where they got that term kick up who joy juice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 80 and T wireless line here.
Here's a mobile and sweet water.
Hello.
Hello, Nia.
Yes, sir.
Let me tell you something.
No one apparently has caught about saying what a bitch Rosie or O'Donnell was with Whitney Houston.
You see that?
No.
Really?
Probably Whitney Turner did that.
No, no.
Rosie O'Donnell, she was saying, oh Whitney, Aloha.
You know, they caught some drugs or something in her suitcase.
Right.
And some people are saying that Whitney Houston during the performance at the show.
She flipped her off.
Yeah, I heard about that.
Yeah.
Oh, well, no, I saw it.
Don't you think it was well deserved?
Yeah, but I mean, Rosie shouldn't have done it in front of everyone, you know, because when do you think?
Why not?
Because you don't have to put it there.
It was a joke.
Okay, it's a joke.
Okay, light enough Whitney.
About two shades would be good.
But in addition to which way, if I as much as I despise Rosie O'Donnell, if I have to pick between her and Whitney Houston, no contest, I'll take that fat bitch Rosie any day and I despise her.
Whitney, they ought to send her ass to Houston and the rest of her to Uranus.
Okay, get her out of my life.
Can't sing for Smith.
Wailing, disgusting, obnoxious with an nauseating husband slash boyfriend slash abusive, whatever.
Now piece of crap he might be.
Fag.
56670560, Pond 560, well, of course she's a dice, so why shouldn't she be married to a Fag, makes sense to me.
It's ying and yang, it bounces out.
Maybe I'll have an Asian kid.
Here's a Colin St. Petersburg, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, Neil.
Speaking of Schmidt, man, I get a good Schmidt story for you real quick to let you know that everything's alive and well in Pinellas County.
This woman had a, brought her neighbor to court for having a, for building a spot to close to her fence.
So the neighbor in turn sued her for having her dog, her own dogs, Schmidt and her backyard.
Yeah.
She lost the case, so now she's in her own backyard.
The judge ruled against her in clear water.
Now that she cannot have her dogs Schmidt and her own yard or she'll go to jail.
Great. Isn't that great?
That's typical.
Justice is a lie.
Well, I guess Florida.
You got that right.
You know, I have a good weekend.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Anybody know what he just said?
No.
56670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, I think that was probably one of the highlights of the evening if she really did the, she and Whitney were and Whitney flipped her off.
Or maybe there's just like a little signal for him.
You want this later?
Yeah.
Oh, I thought that was a V for victory.
She was doing 56670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, man. Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
All right.
I got the Bush family.
I got a little story of my, um, the drugs run in the family.
One of my friends.
Okay, great.
56670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's the call and Coral Gables.
Hello.
Coral Gables.
Hi, I knew I wanted to call and talk about Wayne Heisenga.
It's the same guy that's knocking off a marino in extension.
Our great, the great owner of the, uh, my meet-alpsons.
The same guy that's what?
I'm not going to offer Dan Marino a contract extension.
He's not the worst this time anymore.
What do you think?
Well, let me just save this, too.
Don't two people understand Dan Marino is finished.
He's done.
He's history.
Yeah, he put 17 years into the dollar.
He puts, but you know something's supposed to put a hundred years in.
He's done.
Nobody plays forever.
He's finished, sir.
Give that arrest.
I don't want to hear any of the sports nerd crap.
It makes me want to barf.
He's all done.
And this is the way in, of course, it was done very clumsily,
just like the thing with Shula, but, of course, they couldn't come out and say,
we're firing Shula.
So instead, all he's retiring, and let's call an NFL films,
and then make a little presentation and a speech.
And let's pretend that we're really letting him resign.
He wasn't resigning.
He got his ass fired.
Because everything this organization does is clumsy.
But please don't, don't start giving me a solid answer.
He's just whining about Danny deserves another chance.
Goodbye, bye, Danny.
You were great.
If you're too stupid yourself to retire and hang it up when the time has come,
then I feel sorry for you.
Okay?
You're not going to miss any meals.
Don't go out like a clown, like a fool.
Just say, thank you.
I'm retiring.
I'm hanging it up.
Thanks for all the good times and all the money, especially, and up yours.
And that's it.
Say goodbye.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT.
See, and that's another thing.
It's far be it for me to defend Wayne.
But when a guy is too stupid to voluntarily say, I'm retiring right now,
what choices the organization got but put him in a position.
They're like, wow, gee, I gave him a chance to bring him back at last money.
And they don't want to, they don't want to.
That's right.
They don't want you back.
And if they thought that there was any chance, don't you think that if they believed that there was any chance
that he could pull his magic foil next to you, they would have him back?
No, but they don't.
Don't you understand?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Great.
I take it to watch those worthless Grammys the other night.
I saw some of it.
I can't tell you the truth.
I mean, I haven't watched the Grammys in years.
And the other night was the first time in a thousand years I've watched the Grammys.
Because I'm just so disgusted with the music these days.
I mean, did you get a look at this band of thugs that walked up there and these black people from Philadelphia
one had a comb in his hair and then the other lady had something up in her hair.
You look like she could grow spiders in there.
And what the hell is music come to?
Yeah.
I mean, it's disgusting.
And then you get, you're right.
You get Whitney Houston who can't sing a thing.
You know, she barely wine.
She's married to that thug.
It's a bunch of little ones up there.
I mean, the only decent person sitting on sitting in that audience was sting.
The only decent person sitting in the audience was sting.
Was sting. That was it.
Everybody else was garbage.
Like Andy Garcia.
He's all right.
Okay.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Does anybody have any idea what this man is talking about including him now?
26 after 1 at 5 60 WQM.
You can kiss my rear end.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to go anywhere.
You're buying water tomorrow and I'm going to buy water.
10 deadlines to avoidmail right after 3 months of exposure.
I'm pretty too, but I've got a lot of time to feel like all these TV shows now, it's
called making mountains out of Mola Hill. So every little thing that comes along, we've got to make
into a big show is like Diana Ross that got first and she didn't like it, and he threw airport in London. Yeah,
they squeezed it a little bit too hard and her boob too or whatever it used to be there. And so Larry,
King's gonna have a run for a whole hour if he's got to go through this big psych addict song and a dance
and everybody, but you know, just move along through the line like anybody else bitch and cut the crap.
5 6 7 0 5, I'll tell you for 98, you're looking too bad Diana 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Tom City. Hello.
Tom City. Hey, you know, you're mentioning the carpenters the while back. Yeah, they made a song that if you're not prepared for it, it will induce immediate dry heaves.
Have you ever heard God bless the beast and the children? Sure. Oh, this is pathetic from the movie. Yeah, that's got to be in the top 10 worst
songs of all time. I think number one, I have to go with that song wildfire for my number one wildfire. Oh, yeah, the girl who had the horse and the
worst song of all time is smooth by Santana and Rob Thomas, which they just got through with the video. I had my hands over my
hours until I was safe. Well, hey, I was at the music store the other day and I picked up the best of current can't
copy your CD and her pictures on the edge. Okay, thanks. The edge of the CD 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile
in North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I haven't been listening today, unfortunately. Did you talk about that
with the kids with Santana? Yes, it was mentioned. Yes. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. So what does that mean? No, I thought it was very nice.
But what does it mean? It doesn't mean to maybe them more than friends or maybe they're more than a group. Uh-huh. And how about when
Europeans because each other? Does it mean that they're more than friends? Yeah, but this is America. It's not European. Well, there is a Santana. He's not American. He's like from
outer space somewhere. I don't know. After what he said he's going to spend time with his wife and children. Yeah, he was like making some excuses.
It's not like he's not. He's not going to make any excuses. He said, is it make a difference to you whether Carlos Santana swings this way upside
down or sideways? Does that make a difference to you, sir? No. Would you like a date with Santana? Well, you need to haircut first. Okay, we'll work on it. We'll get to get a little
trim. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's another big topic for you. Okay. Santana kissed the schmuck. He said, hit the
schmuck with a puck out of townlines open 877785 6345. And you know, I was on a turnpuck day and they gave me this small ticket only about four inches
long. What did you do? That guy was he was special. Came in the attack to Chinese buffet guy. Here's a mobile in
Pompato. Hello. Yeah, I want to talk about the pants and see what your take is on the one my take is. You didn't really say what my take is. You didn't say that. Did
you say I think they got a great team here and you sportswear is a good to write horrible things about them. The fans don't go to the
games. It's ridiculous. They're 8 points out of the away from the best team in the league. And everyone's writing them off.
After three losses. Right, writing them off for what? Like they're a horrible team like they're drafted. They don't even have read anybody saying
that they're horrible team. I didn't read that. I didn't read in the paper. That's what I'm looking at. What did you read? Where did you read that? That they were horrible
team because I read. Yeah. Michael Russo never wrote that. One mic. Oh, he's that positive thing to say about him. I don't know.
But you miss her. Let me say this to you. Have they been playing well the last couple of weeks? No, I wouldn't say that they've been playing well,
but some of those. So what would you do? What other than the day that they both rip Ray Whitney and ask which was uncalled for, but other than that,
what is it that they wrote that was inaccurate? I don't know. I can pull out anything out of my out of my hat and say anything specific,
but it's every every time they go through some kind of a little downsell. There's always something negative about them. Like they don't
necessarily. I think they like it to lie. You think that any more people will come out and see that if they lie and say that they're playing great
right now, they're not playing well. Their defense is not existing right now. I would agree with that, but you know,
where their power play is if you know of what it was, where would you pick up the talent, considering the talent pool in the
league to make up for that kind of a different two's out there that can really help this team right now that they can that they can get
and bring them in under with a with a fair salary that can really help them. They have a good Vladimir Malikov on Montreal. We could sure use a hell of a
defenseman like that. You think they could pull that kind of a day off? Why not? What's what's keeping them from doing it? Maybe they will do it. It's a, you know,
a waste of liberal trading deadline. Got a couple of weeks yet. I just think that they have good team chemistry is the fans don't go to the
games and they just. But what's the porting the way to what do you mean nobody is supporting them? What does that mean? I don't believe that there are enough
of fans attending games and things that they do to support this team. Maybe there aren't enough hockey fans here. I don't know. I don't buy
that. There aren't enough of the money to afford 67 bucks for a ticket and a little. Yeah, so then what are you saying? I know it's
right. I think I just this frustrated as you are to go into a place that's like almost half empty a lot of times like the
Ottawa Game last Monday. But I got news for you that the community didn't schedule that game at three o'clock any
afternoon. I guarantee if they would have played that game 7 30 at night, there would have been another at least
3 4,000 people in there. Maybe more. Yeah, well, it's kind of weird though when I'm driving to work and then making my
sales calls during the day that there's nobody on the road. I'm sure that there could have been some more fans at that
game. I think the ticket prices are absolutely horrendous. Yeah, that's probably so what are you saying that you want to buy the
tickets for all these people so they can afford to go? What are you saying? I'm not saying I want to say. Well, what are you saying? I'm saying
that I think that they ought to drop some of those upper tier tickets so that people were regular. It's on the one hand you're telling me about the media
and the town is so bad at them and now you tell me they ought to drop the ticket prices. I mean, I just don't know what your
point is. All right, but have a great day. Besides your wine and a lot. They won the game last night. Open up a little bit of daylight. There are five points on the
caps. Things that you know, everybody goes through these spells and if they ever decided to show up and play a little defense from
here on to the rest of the year, they might be okay and maybe they will make a dealer too. But this guy sounds like the world is coming
to the win just calm down. So it's only a game. Okay, calm down. It's only a freaking game. You got it? No. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five
60 on the AT&T line out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five 6345.
Q a n drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning to six with Joe Castello right here on sports radio five 60 Q
way. One of the laundry pop little boy.
All right.
front of a football page.
teacher
You say all is well, or you'll go to hell, it's all up to technically uproof.
Now you can play a half-and-half-and-a-half-and-a-browed.
One of them for me, all of the ground.
Being in an NFL genre, if you never hear the jail cell lock, check out in every small screenchild.
They're for better criminal, they should have liked.
Now if you can catch the ball, look with the ball with racing murder, they're all right.
As long as they can feel the beat, you can fill out some big scheme.
The old guys who catch bloody golf is there making money and the land is like you do the way.
If you divide it, divide it, or land on ground, throw it down there for me on the ground.
Being in an NFL genre, if you never hear the jail cell lock,
be in an NFL genre.
Be in to the middle of the jail cell lock.
145 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, I got this back early this morning, I almost forgot about it.
Since I want to let you know, they can go online and do a search titled,
Three Day Diet, and you'll get another copy of that diet.
This is the Sanctuary Hospital Medical Center diet that please don't call Georgia Buck,
but it's on our website, NeilRangers.com also.
It says, the only difference is that this one does give you the option of having beats or carrots.
Now I do like carrots.
Huh?
So I think I got that part beat.
The only thing is the hard boiled egg.
Oh man, the thought of it.
And you have to peel it and you peel the shell and you like,
you put a little salt on it, some people like oil and vinegar on them.
Oil and vinegar on an egg?
Yeah, when they're on a salad, you put oil and vinegar on them and it tastes just fine.
But this is all by itself.
Yeah, dip it into a little oil and vinegar.
A hard boiled egg, a slice of toast and a half a banana for breakfast.
That's on the second day.
I mean, the third day you really go nuts, five saltine crackers, a slice of cheddar cheese and a small apple for breakfast,
for lunch, another hard boiled egg.
Oh.
And a slice of toast.
Well, I guess maybe if you had just AP egg would like,
a fork and then the other side of your mouth served in the toast.
Well, I can't put the egg on the toast.
You could do that.
Like in a first day, you have a slice of toast and two tablespoons of peanut butter,
which I'm sure if you're smart, you slide the peanut butter on the toast.
Or you can just eat it right off the spoon, which isn't bad.
Now, is that like regular peanut butter?
Is that like chunky?
Skippy or smooth?
See, there it goes again with that Santana crap.
Subliminally, he wants to go out and buy the record.
Anyway, it says I would like, I knew you'd like this since you don't like beats.
I sent them an email requesting an alternative the day where you could have the banana.
I can't eat them because they give migraine.
And they did reply back saying I could substitute the banana with a half a catalog.
How do you like that?
Happy dieting, Lori and Richie.
Thank you, Lori and Richie.
So there's the good news for you.
You can look under the word search topics, or three day diet.
Or you can just look under NeilRangers.com on our website.
While you're voting on our full question, which by the way, I'm glad you mentioned that.
Thank you.
Our question today, do you consider yourself exclusively heterosexuals?
93, that's 76.8%.
Exclusively homosexuals, 17, that's 14%.
Bisexuals, seven, that's 5.7%.
Not sure, four, 3.3%.
And you were laughing at me when I put that not sure thing on there.
So it's laughing because I know that there's people out there who would click on it.
They're clicking on it right now and the thing too.
We want pictures of those people.
So we want at least a thousand votes by Monday over the weekend.
And unless we can get kind of a grasp on who we got out there.
And evidently, for those people who say we got mostly fags listening to this show.
It certainly doesn't appear to be true.
Does it all?
No.
And don't forget, it will be a several Indian gambling tomorrow between noon and two, four, 41 in Hollywood.
And at four, 41 in Sterling Road in Hollywood.
And Miguel will be there.
And I guarantee there won't be any fags there beside me.
Well, now what are you laughing about?
I've got to come out and paw all over him just because he's there at the Indian joint.
Because he'll have to step over me.
I'll tell you that.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
That's Bokeh.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Good. How are you?
Great.
I've got a question for you.
I hear a lot of people call and talk about dieting and all these various diets.
Yeah, because they're all fat.
That's right.
We're fat and we're desperate and we're lazy.
That's what I was curious about.
Do you have an exercise program or not?
No.
I have a treadmill.
I have an exercise bike.
They're both state of the earth.
They're both great.
And am I using them?
No.
No, because I'm a lazy slob.
Good door stops, right?
Right.
Well, that's what I was curious because you know, I eat pretty much anything.
And when I try to eat good, I try to eat healthy and everything.
And I've had the same weight size as high school.
But I consistently run an exercise.
So, you know, that goes to show you your diets.
It's going to fail here and there throughout.
But if you just keep exercising, that's going to keep your metabolism at the right rate.
And you won't probably have many problems.
Well, you know, this seminar they had in Washington yesterday with Adkins and the Ornish and all these other diet experts arguing.
And it says the only thing they agreed on was the need for exercise and they're right.
Right.
So, you know, I think I've got the main thing because, you know, if you diet and the slow-motion metabolism down, you might gain more weight.
Right.
Just one of that as my two cents.
I'm going to go home and hop right on it.
Okay.
Thanks.
And the exercise bike too.
I am.
I'm going to get on there and pedal it.
Fine.
Look at this.
We got 75 million lines open here and 10 minutes to go.
This has been a very, very extraordinarily week week.
Week week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5 that we're getting.
You made a good point this morning and that is if we got as much response on the phone as we're getting on that website.
Now, see, it's easier.
That's what I'm doing.
Some of the polls like this one because nobody's going to call in and want their voice to her down here.
Oh, yeah.
I'm on my home.
I'll text you.
Well, whatever the hell it is, you know.
So, it's all anonymous on the website.
That's great.
Doesn't take any balls.
All you do is you click it on and the guy, damn thing too.
But to pick up the phone and call and actually speak.
Oh, boy.
I'm telling you.
I'm going to start writing my book.
I think this weekend.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Are you doing buddy?
Okay.
Two comments.
I totally agree with you on the whole thing with Damirino.
I mean, the guy is.
He's all done.
It's not even a talk about him.
He's done.
Yeah.
I mean, he's probably going to do anything for the team two years ago.
Or three years ago.
I mean, let alone do anything.
Wow.
He's all done.
It's all there's nothing to talk about.
Yeah.
Well, I just want to say one thing.
Adrian, I got to tell you my brother.
I love you, man.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'll read the news.
Danny.
Don't you get the message, Danny?
Just say two words.
I retire.
Thank you.
Two more words.
Here you go.
Thanks to everybody.
It's been a blast.
It's been a great time.
And these people are called.
What about you thinking they deserve the ring?
Good thing they deserve a ring.
Oh, like I said, the sports nerds, man, they terrify me.
Even worse than the religious for our right wing fanatics.
There is no group of people in the world, especially after two years working on this radio station.
I'm hearing these lifeless sports nerds.
Oh, can't we have that press conference?
Can't we hear the updates?
I mean, if that's on your life consists of that all I can tell you is rest in peace.
This is 560 QAF.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to it.
And go bird.
We tap the news today for 3.0 560 QAF.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Norgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never puts up in it.
He's running for the White House, so he took a hundred minutes.
Don't drunken that's not all even down the fused people.
In college, Johnny, Drugs would do. He would even drop some mountain shoes.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut their mouths.
But if some of you got them business.
He did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he does.
And he make his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe.
That he didn't do anything.
Norgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never puts up in it.
Kati's running for the White House.
He just can't get mad at George's clean.
George's clean.
George's clean.
George's clean.
Hey.
Hey.
156 at 560 WQM.
It's interesting.
We had at least 172 calls today because claiming that Hank said this and Hank said that about Wayne and sucked up the Wayne all the sudden.
How come they call us?
I'm going to be listening very carefully with great interest on the way home when I leave here to Hank show.
And see if any of these great ballsy guys have got the balls to call that can front him on it because I didn't hear it myself.
And you know, I think I don't want to assume anything.
I mean, if he's comparing them to the other two guys, that's his opinion.
He's entitled to it.
If he was sucking up to him, that's another story.
I don't know.
We'll find out in about three minutes.
But it's just a mid like a bunch of little children in the sand by all Hank said this and T-Pose said that and the little box said it.
Yeah.
We'll call them up and take issue with it.
Say, hey, you're full of crap or whatever.
Or yeah, we like his ball spot too.
Whatever he is you want to say.
As long as you don't talk about Danny in the middle of it.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I called for a week ago into my first Panther's game couple weeks ago.
Yes, sir.
And listen to your show today.
I just want to tell you that.
I sat in the goals on it.
It's a pretty good seat.
I was in section one, thirteen or something.
Right.
And it's pretty good seats.
But the fans out there are saying, well, it's too much fun for the game.
I agree.
I mean, if you're going to have high, I mean, at least you're going to have high-placed tickets.
You're going to lose your fan base.
And the thing with John Haring the Marns, you know, well, I think it goes, okay, either you get me a stadium or I move the team.
And Haring doesn't have the balls to do that.
He's just going to say, well, you know, we're going to have the supposed fans in Florida, which could give a right to ask about baseball.
Right.
So say, okay, we'll fork them one more money than you already have.
Or fork them one more way that you don't have.
The fun and the stadium that we're going to play in is, well, they have revenue sharing on the other clap that they think it's going to happen.
So the John Haring you're a douchebag.
Well, wait a minute.
Good. Just going back to the thing with the arena, okay?
Okay.
Okay. He's going.
Hang up.
To go back to the thing with the arena, they didn't need to have that many seats.
And they also need to have so many high price seats.
They've got the club seats, which are priced, you know, fairly high.
And then you got your suite and your sky boxes and all this other stuff.
That's why they had to build a new arena in the first place.
That's why every market's got to build new arenas.
Because they got to have these extra millions and millions and revenue to pay all these goddamn spoiled brats.
These obnoxious scumbags.
That's what it's all about.
And I'm not saying that certainly not the hockey players are all obnoxious scumbags.
Are they all?
No.
Just a couple, but nevertheless.
That's the problem.
Instead of pricing the fans out, line up just back to win, charge more for the corporate stuff.
Okay. Charge a little bit more there and give the guy their maverick smuck out there a bit of a break.
And then maybe we'll fill our asses in the seats like that Carolina game tomorrow night.
Do I think they're going to sell out tomorrow night?
No.
No.
I don't really know what the ticket to count is at this point.
But do I think they'll sell out?
No.
Kataniac Sicily, Sicily, a parish priest in Sicily was in critical condition today.
After sipping Sacramento wine spiked with herbicide.
Oh, his sacri stand was under arrest.
What the hell is a sacri stand?
Is that like a sacri crap?
Or a stand major?
Police.
