Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We're talking Neil called 560 560 toll free for day-to-drawering or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil and his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beansley read that position.
The broadcast group now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
Yes.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
No.
All right.
He won't end with a chunk of it by anyone's reading.
That's it.
Here I be gone.
And if I have to bust a cap, I just say I need to use that's it.
Here I be gone.
And I'm surrounded by a gloomy pile in my head.
I'll be going to crack city to the floating nightclub.
Yeah, I'll be going to crack city and be stabbed in my blood.
And I'll be going to crack city and unload my junk.
I never go to crack city without packing my guns.
Yes, do not poke every pile.
You know that every time I sit I sell some crack to a wide dude.
Raxing.
Here I be gone.
Some with buckboy in the intersection working for free too.
Raxing.
Here I be gone.
Reloading through the garden of purple house with no windows.
And the nagging on my wisher she must have rid home.
Home.
Home.
Yeah, please go to crack city and I'm going to sell my crack.
I'll be going to crack city.
You can count on that.
I'll be going to crack city and pass my wrap.
I'll be going to crack city because I'll be fed.
Yes, do not poke every pile.
And I'll poke the guitar.
Nobody talks that.
You mean you can't play no guitar.
No, I'm safe.
I'm going to crack city.
It's 10.03.56.
And maybe George can explain to us in 50,000 words of us how come we had a tape on yesterday and he wasn't able to do the show yesterday which he was supposed to do since I was out yesterday still on vacation because they wallpapered this place over the weekend.
I'm going to go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go
the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go
to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then go to the show and then
the salon for the sale of the hoarse, how would you want the salon for sale and so it was so cool and it was so cool and here
and here and here and here and here to you are going to do the new program.
system. This is the interim system. Here's our first call from Highland Beach. Hello.
Have a burry is God. Yeah. No, okay. Well, that was pretty good. Welcome back, Neil. Yeah,
I've pretty nice game last night, huh? No. Yeah, big deal. He scored a goal. He's, uh,
he's got, he's great, but the team pretty weak. Pretty weak. Are we going to talk about hockey
here? No. I sure as hell. That was it. That was our experiment here on the guy day and
phone after I'm gone for 10 days with our new phone system. Let's get these things lit up here.
What's wrong with Jimmy and Danny? Yeah, I get in my current year,
poor yesterday in Miami International. I get out of the parking thing with no problem at all.
I get out of there real quick and I punch up the radio and here's the nice book by the light
hopper. Yeah, the hopper writer when he good book there. That was fun. It was a lot of
Cecil Collins fan must have had the diaries, but at any rate and the first thing that I hear
it's a quarter to six last night and the first call that I hear talking to Hank and by the way,
Hank started like he was eating a side of beef or something on the year last night,
where some of us can eat on the year and do a little discreetly. What was that all about?
Don't celebrate that good book too early, hopper. Don't eat your chickens before they lay one.
But at any rate, so the guy's going on about, oh, well, I'm from New England, but I've been
down here for 20 years and I've watched in marino every game, but I beat, but I'm both,
and he's going on, oh, and I thought the guy was going to break into tears. He says, don't you think
he deserves a ring? Don't you think he deserves a ring? Maybe he knows. He might look like he
was bringing his shirt. He might have a ring in his, I like to be kind of interesting. I'll pass
on that though. And maybe he grandma could like unzip his flying look in there and see if he got
any bigger. Oh my god. Now what's just happened there in line four because I don't want to start
getting nervous on line four right off the bed here on our brand new phone system. I want to make
sure that this cell phone is nice and clear and it's going to start feeding back or making any
funky sounds on the area in Omsand. How does it sound to you? Does that sound, uh, uh,
little touch of gold there is what it sounds like to me now. Maybe it's just because it's like
feeding back into itself or maybe because it's still on the same computer that I told you before
hadn't been changed. Did they change the computer? No. No. Now maybe that's just a byproduct. I did
leave it on. Let's just try that one more time on line four. This is just orderly expert. Oh,
I just pressed it up there so it can't be because it's feeding back into itself.
Does this line sound acceptable? Like it's thick? Oh, I get supposed to. Like maybe it's the computer
that I mentioned before that this company is too f and cheap. I didn't have any funky sounds on it.
Except for line eight coming on spontaneously all day long every day.
Last week. You mean on the old one? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, but you know that that just comes and goes.
It's a byproduct of a whenever it feels like it.
Here's Tamarack our first call of the day on our new phone system. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey,
glad to hear you back. Here I am. All right. Ready or not? How's the trip? Good. Great. Hey,
the quiet period's over. Let's get it. Oh, no, it's not. No, it's not. 25 more days, sweetheart.
Can we talk about that thing? No. Am I buying anything? No. Oh, I am vitably speaking at which I
can't talk about that. We'll talk about stocks. Whoo. I'm not going to mention the guys. You remember
the guy in Atlanta that went nuts today? The day trader that went nuts and the winner and
there's started shooting everybody up. I can relate to it. I may just do the same thing before
this day is out. I got a guy I don't want to mention this name on a year. I left him a message
at midnight on his office voice mail last night midnight. Psychotic apoplectic. This man on
paper on paper in the month of January cost me $46,000. Okay. There are people who blow each other
away for a hell of a lot less than that. 46 bucks. But everybody is an investment counselor.
Everybody's a financial advisor. Everybody's a big shot. Everybody's an expert. This man does
know his breakfast. My ass. Okay. Nice going there Wayne. You idiot. I'll be talking to you
today sweetheart. Nine minutes after 10 to 5.50 WQM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced
without the express written permission of WQAM beefy weed acquisition court.
Is
you
see
the
Janet Reno
now take them to the
little
take them to the right
Janet Reno take
with all the
all the best
and do the
Janet Reno
Janet
Reno
Janet Reno
1014 and 560 WQM
to watch
and express
and express
and express
and express
pretty good? Anybody can do that. Any shister, any asshole, any jackass can do that.
What do you do with a piece of crap? Like he said in Godfather 3, what do we do with a piece
of crap that's running around town saying, F. Michael Crowley on? What do we do with a piece of crap like that?
I say, yeah, shoot them in the leg at the very least. At the very least. So if there's anybody out there that's gotten some
real bad advice from a financial counselor, from a self-proclaimed, especially somebody that like, you know,
came and hustled you to get a hold of all your money so we can make his nice commission every month.
I say, shoot them in the leg. Yeah, teach him a good lesson. Looking good fellows. You know, the guy didn't bring his drink.
Shoot them in the leg. Fast enough. Shoot them in the F and leg. That's what Joe Pesci said.
So the fall book is finally out. The ratings book. It's only the 15th of February and a fall book is out.
A little bit of problem up there. Beltsville, Maryland. A little bit of a problem with some very suspect numbers here.
We really took a dive here. And I'm warning they did. They went up. Hank went way up there. He went zooming up. All C.S.O. Collins' buddy.
All the jailboards got to die. I reached that. That was funny. And evidently, day like what he was saying about that about how he was just going in there to take a sniff.
Is that what he said? To sniff it out? When it doubts, sniff it out.
And the important part is men. We still got our men, baby. We're number one and men. That's all we care about because that's what our bonus is based on here. That's all we care about. The rest of it is we don't care. Scrum.
Men 25 54. That's where it's at. We're number one. Buy and that's not even close. How do you like that? So even though that we had this disaster book the rest of the time. And guess the Marbert Tron's got a new deal now. Every rating book.
They have another Phantom radio station that allegedly is killing the audience, especially in men. Last book, what was it? It was smegma.
This go music. Does anybody believe that? That straight men are listening to this go music? No. That even us old fags want to hear it very much anymore? No. No. Don't want to hear that.
That now all of a sudden that's like in less than in one book. It's already come back on earth. What's the station this time and maybe somebody in the audience can explain to me what this I know it's Spanish language WXDJ.
Is that the Russell Waces station? Because once upon a time they swapped a year ago. One of those marginal FM was it love 94. I don't know what it was.
In fact, I get that can W MJ X and W XDJ magic in it. But anyway, W XDJ is number one in men 2554 in the afternoon with a 6.7. They went up to point inexplicably.
Yeah. And I don't even know what the hell they play. They play spick music. Is that what it know? But what do you even George don't know?
And after grandma puts it back in your pants, then let's ask her what would it be all about? Now see that these are the same barbarians, not just scumbags. That's too kind of a word.
They're the same barbarians that are down there with the wooden teeth and the yellow teeth standing around in front of the house when it's expedient and convenient and then go away with everybody says, okay, go away. It's embarrassing. We're going to put up a fence.
The same trash. So why should it come as any of these are the same people like which you told the stories yourself years ago.
Take the toilet paper and stick it in the goddamn when they're finished with it stick it in the box, you know, for next time. Yeah, for safekeeping for a rainy day.
Maybe that's why their favorite song in the little Havana's titty titty bang bang. Maybe that's why they like that so much. Yeah, because they're Betty Betty, titty.
So it comes with some great surprise that the grandmothers in there and you know on the day that I left the provocation at the airport, I pick up the New York Post, which I never read the New York Post that must have been psychic again and sure enough, here's an article by some Cuban writer in the New York Post.
All about the fact that this wasn't so shocking, it was taken out of context and this is commonplace among certain scumbag people in Cuba.
They're diddled around with their little kids and bite their tongue and zip up their phone. Now let me just ask you this because I've tried that trick before and it worked like a charm. Yeah, not so much the biting on a tongue thing, but unzip in the fly.
Let me see if that thing grew since the last time since two months ago. Yeah, look at gruesome. Yeah, gruesome. Well, it looked pretty gruesome to me, especially that famosa deal on there.
But in any rate, I thought it was from Cuba. If it's just not that surprising, he says it was taken out of context, it's not that unusual. Yeah, because they're scumbed, they're trash. This isn't some classy glamorous family. These aren't some brilliant educated spilled people. These are scumbags.
These are the trash in the universe that everybody was getting so emotional and whipped up about here until Danny decided he was going to whatever he did. That's the best.
Oh, you don't understand. He's got to get a ring. I can just see him hobbling around on crutches 90 years old. He still don't have his ring and they're still calling this radio station crying and carrying on like this guy with Hank yesterday.
I thought that guy was going to have a breakdown right there on the air. How about a bathtub ring? I'll ring a ring around the collar. How does that sound, Danny?
This guy's been making millions and millions and millions. He is sending articulate at best. He was great. Once upon a time, he doesn't have it anymore. He's finito. He's finished. He's done. You understand. Can you relate to that? He's done. So anyway, getting back to the book.
The best part of the whole of the whole life is going to be a voter. Nobody in the world is perfect except him. He's an asshole. He is. Everything he does without exception. When everything he touches turns to a smith. I mean pure instant process.
He's the Schmidt head of radio. Now let me give you an example. Not that there's anything to write home about. There's no story over there because what they do, they keep moving stuff off on station and they move it to another station and it finally catches up in a few months later.
They like Dr. Laura that the bitch and the lord asked they moved them from I and Z to I.O.D. Guess what? Now they got to say numbers in I.O.D. They had an I.O.D. How about that?
And I and Z if they got any numbers. No, they got numbers. All right. Rick and suds men 25 54 in the morning a 1 point.
Oh, those still Henry tapes and Jim role that was supposed to give us such great competition in the midday from 10 to 3. They got a 0.9 in men 25 54.
A 0.9 in midday and in the afternoon wait until you hear this. They got a 1.2. That was the only day parts that went up in men in anything.
Oh, nice God. Pete. And is she on a year? No. She's having her back broken or something like that. What is she having done?
I knew it would like a new peg leg in her back dome something. I don't we can't figure it out. But anyway, she's having her body rebuilt which I can easily understand. And they got his wild bitch on there who say in penis like every two minutes thinking that's got a good audience.
And here was the only number that they had. And he's off the air. Nice call it air. And going to get him when she comes back.
Absolutely mind blowing that anybody could be as perfect as Pete Boulder. He ought to be working here. Really because everything he touches turns to pure smelly big oozing excrement.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Sorry, I just cough. I read the funniest thing after the paper. Ray Lewis had a quote.
He feels bad for the family of the two victims of the stabbing and want to call them to give him his sympathies. Is that a major?
Did you read the quote about how God and the devil and all this other craft the devil keeps picking these times to do this stuff in the test and yeah, he's testing him.
Oh, that's just that's just sick. And one other thing I read an article in us magazine about the name big pop up from familiar.
Yeah, I read them. Yeah, I never knew anything about the background. He's got. Is he gay? How do I know? I know the article is he gay?
Yeah, gay like how do I know? Is he a home all? Is he a faggot? I don't know. I don't care if he's not my type. But the article intimated that.
I mean by by saying what? Well, you know, he's a pit that he was intimating that he was a pedophile and going out there and collecting all these single man.
They made a point of saying single man never married. Let me ask you as Hank Goldberg. You ever been married?
Good point. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
I mean, I don't know what you're all ridden the face about. I mean what is that prove? The guy is like a middle-aged guy has never been married.
I'm a middle-aged guy like a little man. The old man is George says the old man. I heard that today. I was driving the airport. And by the way, I didn't hear those intellectual collars that I was here that you supposedly get. I heard a bunch of morons. Yeah.
Oh, it wasn't the one that said that. God. What a bunch of idiots. Oh, Neil. Where's the old man? He's on vacation. I love 94. Here I come. See, this is South Florida.
Not just the fact that, okay, I'm on vacation, which I take a lot of vacations and believe me, I need him when I work here and I deserve him. But nevertheless, whether you like that or not, it's the fact.
So you're calling us to do whoever's running the board, which I'm sure was Joe in this case is Neil on today. No, and the one's coming back. He'll be back on Tuesday, February 15. Okay, great. No, this guy waits on hold to give you the store. This is the South Florida way.
The guy waits on a love 94 here. I come in other words, Georgia's on, meaning I'm going to be turning it off right now until the old man gets back. And by the way, not only did I play the Bloodhound gang. Yes.
I give you credit every time I played it, by the way. And it's the same album. There's only one album.
People calling up saying there's like three or four or five. I don't think so. It's the boobies album. Yeah. And the cut is the what the house name of the cut.
Oh, come on. It's like a gigantic hit. It's the unclean, the whatever, whatever it is.
How about how about I feel 65 and blue? Who played that before anybody in America, not just in this market months and months before anybody and move your body, which is their new hit and lots of other stuff that isn't just a bunch of fag music.
I saw the video, by the way, for the bloodhound gang. What is there something thing? What does it call?
See now I'm getting started on that thing and I don't even care about what that thing is unless it grew in last couple of months.
W. X. D. J. We're going to get a calls about that. I know what that is. Some Spanish language subversive. Stay away. I'm sure it's just a music station.
The evil touch. That's what it's called. There you go. The bad touch, bad touch. Evil touch. Touch this. Is it the bad touch? Yeah. That's it. There's only the one album. I'm almost positive with that. And these guys are from Philadelphia, by the way.
Have you ever seen in the bloodhound gang? Have you ever seen the video in the most of it? No.
They were lucky suits. Oh, they actually are showing the video here? No, on the box. Oh, I think I don't think they're going to be showing that video anytime soon. The zebras and the drafts. Humping. Are they going to be showing that here? Not in this country.
26 after 10. So let me ask you to put mayonnaise on your fries when you were in Amsterdam or what? Come on. Tell us about what we like. Did it rain there a little bit? Huh? Did it rain something? Uh huh. It was great. What's sensational?
Except for those spartan with their crack problem. And now the new deal is they follow you like a half a block. They don't want to take no for an answer.
Crack, crack man. Oh, no, not interested. Why not? Why not? What does that mean? Why not? What kind of a question is that? Why not? Like an Alfred E. Newman question. Like Dayton, Alan. Anybody remember Dayton, Alan? No.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The 40 toads of wet sprocket better than Ezra, all Simon, Carly Simon, Neil Simon, simply red, David Lee Roth, your rhythmic slam, Beethoven, Bach Mozart,
Dipsies, Miss Nightrunners, a new kid on the block, the tours, all the people who ever played in Minuto, Jake Isle Van, a Rolling Stone, Aerospace, and many, many more who are not Britney Spears,
Paul McCartney, David Bowie, the Car, Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, Parliament Juan Cadillac, James Matthews, Ricky Martin, Garth Brook,
and dozens of others who have never performed under the name Britney Spears, such as Little Richard, Finn Dockers,
E.D. Bracantlin, New Bohemian, Lionel Richie, Billy Idol, friend plus railroader, Thomas Acerid, Warren Hill, Bob Seeker, Tom Petty,
Steve Miller, Tiss, Sweetwood Mac, Peter Francis, Leonard Stinner, ACDs, and ZZ-Tox,
what if you act now, you'll get Tatels, Artists who aren't the Backstreet Boys, over 300 high-energy twos, with bands like Bad Company,
Hark, Fondie, Alannis, Morissette, you, what's Halica, and many, many more who aren't the Backstreet Boys,
you're free when you order Tatels, Artists who aren't Britney Spears today, operator standing by, none of whom are named Britney Spears.
So what was that guy trying to say about the big popper, anyway, you know she's from Louisiana, Britney Spears,
did you know that, she's from Louisiana though, or does that mean, that means she just dropped a couple of notches.
5,6705 in the Nances, 5,6705, 60, 05,560 on the ATT, let's find out about WXDJ, see this is the story of my life, doing this show.
I come in, there's one thing, I look at these ratings, I see this mysterious station comes out of nowhere that nobody ever heard of before,
it's number one in men in the afternoon.
Number one, a number that would not too bad in the rest of the day either.
Bogus numbers there, that all of a sudden they got all these wired diaries.
Can one person, this audience tell us what they play on WXDJ, what this is, can one person do that?
No.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Okay, thank you.
Hollywood, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I've really missed you, you seem like you've been got like four years.
Uh huh.
It seemed like about four minutes to me.
Not me.
Have you been following anything with the Republican primaries?
Have I been following anything with the Republican primaries?
Now that's an interesting question, especially the way you phrase it.
What does that mean?
Have you been watching Gigi or you feel there's any of the candidates?
Well, I was in, do I want?
Are you familiar with any of the candidates?
Am I familiar with any of them?
Let's see, there's one guy named Bush, right?
Well, there's a guy named McCain who's a right-wing foany pretending to be something that he's not, yeah.
No, I have to like McCain.
I just want to talk about him.
I don't.
I don't.
He's even more right-wing than Bush.
I disagree.
I don't care whether you disagree or not.
His voting record is, uh, his right-wing as you can get.
Well, I'll say he's right-wing.
He's the more on Alan Keyes, that black idiot.
Yeah.
Have you listened to him?
But why are we talking about this?
What is the point?
The point is this, we have, there's really only one to candidate, that's John McCain.
He's the best you got?
From the Republican party?
Sure is.
You were Republican?
I'm an independent.
Yeah, but you're going to vote Republicans, for obvious, because otherwise you wouldn't be talking about it.
No, I can't stand going.
I can't stand the vote.
Okay, so you're going to be voting for the Republican candidate.
Yeah, this is, this is, this is, well, my condolences, too.
I don't have a better choice.
Sorry.
5.6.7, don't blame me.
I got nothing to do with that.
5.6.7, 05.60, 05.5.60 on the AT&T line.
McCain is the biggest voice.
Phony is the $80 bill.
When it comes to abortion, when it comes to anything, I was reading that article in the Atlanta paper
and the right-wing and boy, you talk about bad newspapers.
I was in the airport there yesterday.
The Atlanta urinal constitution.
Cox newspapers, by the way.
Oh my god.
They make you die for the hero of the sunset.
That's how bad they are.
Yokel papers like like Papi Yokel wrote them.
God almighty.
But it listed all his voting record.
He, he walks around.
Oh, he wants to bring government back to the people.
He says, but I mean, he's full of crap is what he is.
Another right-winger in sheep's clothing.
And how about that reform party?
That's what this guy would be talking about.
They're having fist fights out there.
They're rolled up their sleeves.
They're not dude-do-doin anymore.
They're rolled up their sleeves and beaten a crap out of each other.
That's the way we like it.
Sign them up.
The Panthers could use them on defense.
$567.0560, pound $566.00 on the AT&T line.
Can't even get one call.
See, I'm concerned about this line here.
This four and this thing again.
It sounds like, I'm not really sure.
What about seven, two?
Seven, we're going to have a problem with seven.
Because if we have any problems with this instrument here, which is our interim new phone,
it's going to be pretty disconcerting to me.
I can tell you that they're right off the bat.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You touched upon the Panthers.
Man, stuff like that wouldn't know a real superstar from the rectum.
Yeah, so what's the plan to keep repeating?
They don't care.
They have no interest in it.
I mean, no, and they don't care.
I mean, I'm not sure.
I heard you, tennis from the San Jose game last Wednesday was so bad, you could have had your own section in there is what I heard.
I'm telling you, I mean, I was...
I have a lot of respect for them, Marino.
But right now, we have the MVP of the old star plane down here in Florida.
Does anybody care?
Does anyone...
No, and they're assholes like Doug, Daniel, a bastard, and Dave Hyde are right in about Dan Marino's the greatest actor that they ever made here.
Are they kidding me or what?
Are they out of their mind?
The Harold can't even spell Panthers right this morning.
Right.
I mean, he just ridiculous.
I mean, South Florida would know that.
What's the plan to keep repeating?
They don't care.
This is not a hockey place.
It's not a sports place.
It's a Danny and Jimmy place and guess what they're both gone.
So does that leave anything in the world of sports?
No. No. No, not a sports place.
This is a tragic here today.
This is unbelievable.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
How can you test a phone out when you don't have any phone callers on there?
Are we on the year?
Here is another guy, Dan Bob de Mood, dry run today.
That must be it.
Oh, yeah, I got plenty to say about him.
That asshole over there in four Myers.
You're not fooling anybody.
You and your Beasley boys, okay?
You jackass that we had a sit up here for like a year with phone crafted wouldn't work
and maybe still doesn't because you're a bunch of cheap pricks.
You're not fooling me.
I'll tell you that.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
How about a line check?
How about a test?
How about something?
An indication somebody is alive out there and listening to this radio show.
Now, otherwise I can go back to Amsterdam and eat French fries with mayonnaise for another couple of weeks.
I got my check with L.I.K.
W.X.D.J.
Very simple question and you're the one that's always telling me all these spicks listen to this show, which I don't believe.
And I know they don't.
That's a bogus book.
They don't.
X.D.J. is salsa and meringue.
Nobody will go on the air and tell you.
Why not?
Because you know, they're cowardly.
Cowardly spicks.
Isn't that redundant?
Oh, they're the ones that turn tail and ran, right?
Are those the ones we're talking about?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Must all that toilet paper behind in those big cartons?
Oh, my God.
This is unbelievable.
Every single time I come in here and I get with great expectations.
Why am I some kind of an idiot?
I'm kind of a moron with Alzheimer's.
Uh-huh.
What am I expecting from this crowd?
They got no material.
Very simple question.
W.X.D.J.
Here's the ratings.
This is the business that we're in.
You're obviously listening on a radio or a pop-up poster.
So radio is part of your life.
What does this station play?
What does it do?
What is it?
What changes did they make that all of a sudden?
They're giving away a lot of money.
Please tell us something.
Anything.
What do you do it?
No.
Thank you.
And the best part of the deal is 10 days away from here.
Did I have one little twitch for my IBS?
No.
For my, uh, no.
For my intestinal, for my kisky problem?
No.
Not a, and I ate all kinds of junk.
I didn't eat that much, but I, you know, stuff that was neck-rate.
Even McDonald's a couple of times over there.
That's right.
Did I have even the slightest little, uh, intestinal, uh, fart?
No.
No.
Great ball movements.
You'd have been very proud.
They were beautiful, copious and beautiful.
Yeah.
And then I come back here and I find out who put the BS in my IBS.
Right here in this place.
And I'm not so sure if it's so much on the inside,
or maybe it's on the outside, maybe a combination of both.
This reluctant crowd that just absolutely refuses,
adamantly refuses to play the game.
It's okay.
I got a lot of that fag music, you know.
Twenty before 11 at 5, 60 QA.
Only once out Florida radio station has the hammer.
And your list is going to be over weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 QA.
Alonzo, you're so big.
How many times has this happened to you?
I am sick.
Worship me.
Eat double food, kids.
I'm not.
Another evening of listing the records backwards,
ruined by satanic messages.
Now protect yourself by insisting on quality recordings only from backside records.
The records made to be played backwards.
Get that hits of a happening 60.
Come on, not no 70s.
And I'm a pointless 80s.
Cheater.
That's a catchy tune.
What's it called?
It's a foot that one.
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
I should have known.
Don't let those irritating blasphemous messages spoil your listing.
Anything worth hearing is worth hearing backwards.
On backside records.
All right.
1045 at 560 W.
Krem Hanklebe here in a studio at two o'clock in their police studios over there with a
Hetsom real equipment and a phone that works most of the time.
Luke Shamby will be here six to 10 tonight.
Give them up to good stuff and then any K at 10.
Here's the fact that says, please give us the numbers for magic 102.7 to play the same
50 oldies all the time.
I hate to break the news to you, sir, or man, or whatever you might be.
But they had a good book.
Men 2554, which basically actually only demo we even need to look at.
Any more nobody cares about the woman doing.
No.
Like Jerry Lewis said, they're only for making babies.
Did you read that?
Yeah.
The wife was telling me about that.
Yeah.
That there are no funny female comedians.
They're not going to lose the evolve.
You must have been crazy about it.
No, she has stocked.
They're just for making babies.
They're just masturbation receptacles for men.
They can all be kind of geniuses like him.
Right.
God.
And you wonder why that is kid didn't speak for five years?
And nothing to do with Vietnam.
So anyway, two, nine to a three, three in the morning, a magic two, four to a three, five midday,
two, two to a three, nine in the afternoon.
So magic one, oh, two point seven with those same 50 moldy oldies doing it, baby.
Especially now they got rid of that sunny fox.
Well, seriously, that's what put him back on top again.
I got rid of his ass.
Oh, did you know that Bob McKay has left?
Did you know that?
No, I didn't know.
He's going to fill it off here to try to save the Beasley country station up there.
That's dying on the vinyl on with all the other Beasley stations.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
Well, I had nothing to do with that thing that we can't talk about yet for another 25 days.
Does it?
No.
The fact that they're losing their ass and he had to go up there and try to patch it back together again with some scotch tape and glue and the hillbilly stuff.
So won't see his bad hair piece no more.
Bob McKay.
But anyway, and here's the facts from some clown in sweet water for a sweet water construction.
Randall, take a look at that.
Joe Rose first thing.
See, I hate to break the news to you, sir, but you're setting it first of all at a time when they're already off the year, the number one.
And number two, our fax machine.
Are they ever going to see this?
No.
Are they going to get it?
No.
The fact that Joe Rose paragraph after paragraph after paragraph as if this is important stuff about the dolphins this and the dolphins that and he was a fan and chula did this and Jimmy did that.
Regarding Dan Marino's future, I believe that Dan still has something left.
I believe no one knows Dan's limitations abilities as well as he himself does.
And Yada Diq, that a boop, that a bop, that a bop.
You know something Randall, get a frickin life, okay?
You silly person, you get a life.
He's done.
He's finished.
Stick a fork in him, okay?
Write in his rectum.
He's all done.
Oh, he turned down the last two years.
What if the hell they call that on his contract, hoping that they would resign him.
And save money out of the salary cap and about a beat by the boop, but above and kangaroo, if he doing years only going to make 12 and a half million dollars a year in Cincinnati and all this other insanity.
All this craziness and people think this is important stuff.
Two more dead kids in Columbine High, by the way you saw this.
I know this is going to come as a great shock to you, but I was over there in Europe for 10 days.
Did I see anybody get shot?
No.
Did I see anybody with a gun beside the cops?
No.
Did I hear about anybody getting shot?
No.
Did I see anybody here?
Any gunshots going off?
No.
Warren'sburg, Missouri.
A woman and four of her children were found shot to death at their home Monday.
Two of the women's other children, an infant and three-year-old girl also were shot.
The two girls were expected to survive.
A man was taken into custody Monday at the scene of the shooting, but police would not release his name nor the relationship to the victims.
Victims were identified as Teenywood 31, Jared 10, Joshua 877, Emily 7 and the Hannah 5.
The students occurred in a rural heavily wooded area off of dirt road in Warren'sburg about 50 miles southeast of Kansas City.
Grief hits Columbine.
Here is this guy over there at Sweetwater Construction that takes the time out of his busy life to Factor Rose, a 7,500 paragraph heartfelt thing about the dolphin and Dan Marino and a bunch of crap, a bunch of Schmidt.
Two students found shot to death in nearby Sandwich Shop by the high school in the Taliban Highs.
They didn't already have enough, which I wasn't even aware by the way.
February 1st, the body of an 11-year-old boy was found in a trash bin near the school.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
They're killing kids in this country like stepping on cockroaches.
And what's this guy worried about?
Oh, and is Danny going to get a ring?
Is Danny got something left?
He's only got about $45 million stacked away.
See, this is a country of crazy people.
And like the Swiss have proven there's nothing wrong with guns themselves if responsible people are the ones who have them and put them away and make sure they stay away and don't use them for fun and games and leaving them laying around.
These are not responsible people in this country.
Just take a look at the way they drive those automobiles out there.
They're not responsible people and they're killing each other like flies.
And this guy's worried about Danny this and Danny that about a bait, but a boop, but a simple parent crap.
Okay, I said I get a get my car yesterday at the airport right out of the box first day back after 10 days and you all have been watching CNN International.
I know what's going on and read my USA today.
So I have a pretty good idea generally speaking to what's going on, but what's the first thing I hear?
He's Danny going to get a ring.
This guy's so upset.
I'm sure I thought he was going to blow his brains out right there in the year.
Probably would have gotten the hang of numbers up to a seven.
Yeah, come on, you can do it.
But get some of these colors these distraught Danny people that blow their brains out right on the year get a 15.
You're easy.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and lots of hatchy. Hello.
Hello. Welcome back to you.
You mean you bad bad phone. Yeah.
I'll wait out in the middle.
Yeah, okay, come me back on a phone that works.
Okay, sir.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line 877 785 6345.
This is real pain.
Here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
I know you're probably on the flight, but the funniest stuff on TV yesterday was the bond here in Furay Lewis.
Everybody in their mother coming up saying you said to a wonderful child.
You never did anything. Never stole the face.
So what does that prove? What does it mean? Who cares? Who cares what they said?
No, it's just funny.
I mean, let's be glad there.
Well, I'm glad you had a good time watching it. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami. Hello.
Yes.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Okay.
I was out of town myself. I wanted to get out of here. Like I usually do twice a year.
I was in Canada.
I was in Canada.
And I come back here to what you always say, the field of this freaking earth.
Like to the same crack. Thank God they haven't been talking about Ileon.
Okay. But I also heard a guy yesterday on the Humper Show.
The guy about Marino.
The office of the old Marino nothing. He made a hell of a career.
He made a lot of money with the office. The office of the home crack.
What he's doing, he's got left over his money.
No, let me ask you. Why is anybody talking about this?
Oh, I don't know. Why is this important?
It's freaking crazy, man. Who cares? Who cares about that Marino anymore?
Get a life, people.
And you know something when he was still playing, all they wanted to do was call up in the trash and talk about how he was a daughtering old man.
And they were losing because of him.
And now that he's probably going to be retiring, hopefully he's got any brains in his head.
Now it's the OG. They are screwing him and sticking him kick him out the back door.
What is wrong with these people in this town?
You know what it is? When I was up there in Canada, for example, you know, I was thinking about this.
And you preach it and you say it over and over.
People down here, 99% of the people don't have a life.
They don't travel. They don't go around the world. They don't go any other place.
All they do is Miami and they don't have nothing else in their brains, except for the crowd that happens here in Lake County.
See ya.
5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 7, 6, 7.
This is just like the day that I was before I left on vacation. What goes around comes around.
It's like they have who all over again. Just exactly the same.
They have no material. They must have given you all a good material while I was gone.
Oh, no. No.
You were telling me before that the one was right.
It was fine. But it wasn't gangbusters.
Well, what is that mean? This isn't gangbusters. This is, this is, this is death-defying. This is unbelievable.
I asked a question about a goddamn radio station, WSDJ, which I'm still waiting to hear an answer about.
How come they got these big numbers and what's going on with them?
Can I get one person to call in on this show and then speak for like 20 seconds about it?
No. Tell us what it's all about.
No. No.
Forgetting about all the other stuff. Just setting that aside.
Forgetting about, did it really grow in those two months or not?
See, that's something a little bit curious about. Not not very curious.
But how much was it going to grow in two months?
But he don't, don't give me a, I'm going to be very embarrassed.
Maybe a little bit longer than that. I'm going to be real upset.
Here's a mobile and crawl springs. Hello.
Mobile and crawl springs.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you? I have something very important to discuss.
Uh-huh.
Food. What are your favorite topics?
I went to the Chinese buffet last night. I didn't have a plan. I, I, I got full. I rushed.
What is your strategy at the buffet? Please.
In other words, you want me to tell you how to eat?
Yeah, how do you attack the plate? What is your, how do I, how do you, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the strategy?
What, what, what areas do you concentrate on?
I can't do what areas are on my foot in your rectum.
That's primarily my number one strategy. Okay, sir.
Once you get your boyfriend's fist out of there, let's make room for my foot and uh, rectum.
Yes.
How do you attack it? Don't you use the rifle and then the bayonet when you get close?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Well, I tell you one thing. I sure wish I could get those intellectual colors like George does.
God damn it. Maybe even at Love 94 guy I'll call me today. The guy that pretended that he was listening to Love 94, but just coincidentally kept finding his way out of the phone during a week.
Must have been more phone accidents, huh?
What did I miss on guiding light while I was going? Do we have any women on a phone here? Maybe I see there's one of my kid on here today.
This is what is with you people? What is with this town? How is this possible?
We got this new phone system. I've had 20 years of my life to get forget about the brand new phone system that's supposedly two weeks away just this interim phone system that looks like just maybe it might work.
Now all we need are some goddamn colors with something to say.
How do you attack the plate at the buffet with a goddamn bayonet?
You jackass? God, I sure hope it wasn't the animal coast. My friends over there don't deserve his ass.
10.56 at 5.60 QMs.
4.16 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5
at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at
5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.60 at 5.
I'm going to spell my name. Nice going Tom. Better late than never. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Mobile invoker.
Yeah, hi Neil. How you doing? Okay. So I don't really think that getting rid of violence
is all that difficult to think in this country. Get a minute, really, really, really
what? Violence is all that difficult to think in this country. One of the things that we
have to look at, that's right. One of the things that we have to look at is getting rid
of the guns out of people's hands. See how novel an idea that is. Secondarily, if anybody
commits a crime with a gun, they should be put to death, period, and the story. Do you think
too many people are going to actually, with those stakes, be committing crime? You get caught
with a gun in your hand when a police one pulls you over and you get convicted of that crime,
and you go and you all put to death. You know, the Constitution is a...
How about we just put you to death? Wouldn't that be a lot easier? No, you could. Yeah.
Not that kind of a lot. It's less work and less expensive. Let's take that... Okay. Matters
in the world hands right there. Yeah, just let's just more kill everybody, huh? Because
that's the way that's what we like. We like that capital punishment, even though they're
finding out Illinois, for example, and other places like Texas, by the way, Governor Boyce,
where they got more people on death row, where they like frying them like crazy or sticking
them with whatever they're sticking them. Finding out that a lot of these people, well, maybe
they weren't killed in the first place. Well, let's... We can't be bothered with details,
because the American public will not sit still, forget where to the death penalty, because
let's face it, we're pissed off, we don't have any other answers. So that's to be... That's
to be smart to get just like this guy. It's easy to get rid of violence, just kill everybody
with a gun. Brilliant thinking there, sir. Thank God I finally got one of those great intellectual
colors that I've been savoring for so long. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
By the way, Barry Jackass, your favorite station there, 17th-ever Defan. They've been on the
year now since the... Before I was linking out of bad headache, do they still show
an erating? No. No, not one diary, not one, nothing. No, no, no, they don't show. They
have no audience. None. How do you like them, apples, huh? Here's a lady in Fort Lutterdale.
Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I was just listening about the fact that you were talking
about the schools and how much violence there is, and I'm with Earthkind, and I go into
the schools... Here with what? Earthkind. It's a nonprofit organization. I go into the schools
and teach students about how we treat non-human animals and vegetarianism and all that sort
of stuff. And what I've noticed when I go into the schools is there's a lot of isolation
with other students because of the size of the schools. There's thousands. I went into
one school with about 2,500 students, like a small city in there. And a lot of the students
are teas because some people think they're gay and therefore they're teas, whether or not
they're gay or not, is not the problem. So that's something new? No, I'm not saying it's
something new. And that's why people are blowing our kids away and they're killing each
others because of being teas. Yeah, I'm not saying it's new. It's been happening all
the time, but I believe it's increased because of the schools being so huge and encourages
isolation. The way that we treat non-human animals and other people here, not having enough
rights for gay people, for instance, we're still not allowed to get married and have the
same rights as other people. There's a lot of discrimination still, and how can we foster
compassion in that kind of a climate? I believe there needs to be classes in compassion.
Passion and tolerance for all we have not going to happen. I don't know if this is a country
based on hate. I guess I'm trying to be optimistic. It goes in hate. That's the American way.
I'm going to be optimistic and continue the work I do with Earth kind and push. What was
that again? Earth kind. Okay, thank you. 5.6.7.05.60. Pound, we've had enough for her kind.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe she's got very good intentions. She and her
girlfriend, whatever, but that's their thing. 5.6.7.05.60. Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless
line. This is as dead as the proverbial door nail here today. Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello. Hey, Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. I can see that. I know something. There's
nothing wrong with this radio station. There's town. You're sucks. That's all these people
are a bunch of dead heads. They have no material. They're not capable of having a goddamn
conversation. It's going to slowly pick up. Remember, you were on vacation. George was
on. Everybody was tuned into love 94. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah. All right. You're right.
Including this. This is the, it was that the asshole. Oh, yeah. Everybody was tuned
into love 94. My ass. You're a moron. And I'm not interested in having you sucker
around me, sir, because you're a jackass. All week long, he's calling. Oh, well, Neil's
about back. I'm going back to love 94 right. And he has to get in yet another shot here.
They because he's the scum. He's the scum that makes out for what it is today. A big
oozing pile of scum. You can smell it way out in the middle of the guy. They have ocean.
You can smell a drifting out there as the plane approached for my Atlanta yesterday. And
by the way, I got nothing but good things to say about Delta. How do you like that? That's
a shock to me. I'm telling you. Well, you know, frequent flyer miles. You got to use
them somehow. So I went through Atlanta and came back to Atlanta business class outstanding.
No problem. Food was great. The business class. You got enough room. You could lay down
flat. Stick your legs out your toes as far as they would go forward and not hit the back
of the seat in front of you. How do you like that? I liked it. My school and our Delta,
maybe they're making a little bit of a comeback, at least on the international flights.
And Atlanta, no problem at all. Comes your customs in Atlanta. Zipped through that thing.
Beautiful. Wonderful. Maybe it was just blind luck is what a wild. And then of course,
I came back here. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami. Meal. Good morning. Yes, sir. One time listener first on caller.
All right. I'm one of your dark, complex Hispanic listeners. Yes. And when I hear a
solvier WXBJ, Spanish radio station like Jerk and Fran, I'm playing. You mean somebody's
actually going to answer my question, even the only one who took an hour? Oh my God.
It's been a while. Working. And finally, got a break so I can give you a call. Maybe
solve the mystery for you. Okay. What is the big deal with that station? Are they running some
kind of a special promotion hour, giving away a lot of money or? No, nothing like that.
I guess their major winning part is they got a pretty good morning show that's very comical.
And yeah, but that's not what they did real good in the morning. I mean, yeah, they,
what they do, they're in the morning. How do you like that behind Howard and behind Jada?
In fact, tied for second with Jada. Casting over better look over a shoulder, man.
Well, as far as they're after the show as well, it's, you know, it's the same there. Just the
constant variety of South-East-Unbiting. Oh, oh. Oh my God. Thanks for the bad news.
You're welcome. Okay, spread the good day. Okay, you too. Well, there you go. I only took us an hour.
Oh, as usual here in this God for second. And was that, was that that difficult for them to tell
us what they all they played or what they do? No. But you just won't do it. You won't do it
because you're a bunch of hardasses. You know, something if this was a real town already,
I would have had 50 different investment and forget about that. 50 different investment
advisors calling and looking for my business. Seriously, seeing all we can do a lot
better than that asshole over your bank that's losing you all that money. That doesn't believe,
he doesn't believe in tech. He believes in Drek. That's his thing. He'd rather give you Drek than
the tech. The man living in the, he's, he's still got the dinosaur bone playing around his desks
there. The day that Matt left that bank, that was the day I should have walked right out. I'm telling
it. That was the day I should have walked out the door. Oh, man. And here I thought Jews knew
something about money. 10 after 11 at 560 WQM.
Jim Mandage talks for. Oh, yeah. Right here on sports radio 560 Q. Hey, I got two sets of
rips. Are you on edge walking that fine line back up against the wall, running on empty,
trapped in the rat race, burning the candle at both end. Feel like just another face in a crowd
who lost in the shuffle. Another cog in the wheel, a rung in the ladder, an unpopped
kernel in the bag of microwave popcorn, treading water, running in place, stepping one step forward
in two steps back, not realizing your full potential, not making the grade, not off the snuff.
Don't think you can make the final cut going against the grain. Feel like the odd man out,
the black sheep, the third wheel, a thorn in the paw of your employer, budding heads, rubbing
each other the wrong way. Uh, well, actually, oh, uh, then never mind.
1115 at 560 WQM. So let me ask you, Nila, what did you do there in Amsterdam? Do you do anybody good?
How big was it? What's your typical day? What was your day like? What time did you get up in the
morning? Did you eat breakfast? What kind of toothpaste did they use it? And how about those,
those beautiful waffles, those Belgian waffles that they got over the strawberries on time?
I didn't have one of those, by the way, one night, about one in the morning.
Yeah, because it's like a real city. You know, you can walk around and there's these different
shops and a lot of them stay open like real eight till two, three in the morning.
And I got a Belgian waffle. I took it back to my hotel room and I ate it and watched it on my
TV and it was great. What's that? Huh? With whipped cream and strawberries. It was delicious.
560 and I attacked it with a knife and folk. Actually, I just attacked it with my push.
560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line. I see nothing has changed here. Thank God for that.
Same old rat race.
Here's Tamara. Hello.
Tamarack.
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you?
Okay. I just want to inform you about this hot new show on MTV with a bunch of young
naked people running around on it. Yeah. They viewed last night. It's called Undressed.
And it's not a new show. Yeah, it's going on for ages. It's not a new show and it didn't
they view last night. I've seen it a million times. It's not new. Yeah, the show is called Undressed.
Sir, it's not new. Did you hear what I just said? It is not a new show.
So how come last night they said the world they viewed the new show?
Beaks out of me because they lie a lot. It's the one in here. It's like a small horn.
Yeah. It's like a soft horn. It's like soft horn.
It's off for a year. Oh, it has?
It's an unforegious. You're kidding. Did it work for you?
Well, yeah. I got all excited last night.
Good. Okay. Thank you. I'm happy for it. It works for him. Nobody's naked on it.
I've seen it. It's much into about nothing. MTV blows. MTV is crap. Give us TMS, the music factory,
maybe. Give us that good stuff. Give us the Bloodhound gang. Give us the real videos.
Not just chopped up, cleaned up, more porn on TV. That's what we need to see.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. I don't know what to do with this crowd here today. It's a lost cause.
Because they were, I mean, they're out of material now. Danny and Danny,
once Judy was gone, I left Danny and now Danny's out of her. You're being gone.
There's nothing left. It's all done.
Right off like a big gigantic erasant. Here's Fort Myers, speaking to that. Hello.
Hey, what's going on? Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, you're just saying about Georgie Busce and the executions in Texas.
Yeah. Well, I just got this up here enough at MiamiHerald.com.
Yeah. George Bush says these same years, but today,
Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Jeb Bush says, yes, he no evidence that Florida has put to that
an innocent convict. So he will not be imposing a moratorium on exotus fusion,
like the Illinois governor did. Yeah.
I call that you have shameful and Florida 20 executions been halted three within 16 hours
of being carried out after evidence surface, but the condempers are wrongly.
Yeah, but you're not supposed to say these things. The American people are very angry and pissed off
and they're gung over the death penalty and they want to, you know, put as many people
in the frying pan as they possibly can. And you just can't say these things.
Well, yeah, I know I make a few mistakes along the way. Tough crap. They don't care.
They're angry and they don't have any other way, any other solutions and they don't want to
spend a lot of time thinking about it. So let's just execute a bunch of people.
And supposedly, like Florida, like George, like Texas, as a poor, very poor system
of public offenders because majority of you guys on death row come from low income area as a
job. So aside from that, do you see these off-terrannominations? No.
You interested in that? No. All right. I'm Chanty and the movies. So why would I be interested in that?
All right. Well, listen tonight, Larry King's moderating the debate.
Okay. Thanks for the bad news. I will I be watching that?
Oi! No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And by the way, thank God for that Leo Decafrio movie is not
doing as good as they thought it was. Why don't they just make him go away?
Please, just please go away. They keep showing the promos for that thing over and over.
And he comes out of the water like a 15 pounds. He must be related to Christina Aguilarra.
They must eat the same meals together or do whatever they're doing because they're both way
about 22 pounds soaking wet. Here's a mobile in Halliday. Hello?
Mobile in Halliday. Okay, sir. Welcome back, sir.
First time, a long time. I got some material for you. Yeah. How about that FBI agent that killed
those two black kids on 95? Do you hear about that? What about them? What did they hear about that?
It was they gave them bailed. They bailed them out. He's on the road. Yeah.
You don't think that's ridiculous? Another example of why we're living in a police state?
No. Here's our last call. A mobile in Miami. Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Okay, that takes here the show for today. Someone, you know, overwork yourself on the first day back.
That's it. That takes here all the response we got from this town. This is seriously.
We are on a shadow of a doubt. The dentist, the most pathetic, the most useless place on the face of the earth.
Barn on it. That said, 60 to 80 minutes. And it wasn't easy, 80 minutes. And I have one
half in all my music that was in here by the way from last Wednesday, from a week ago, Wednesday.
What music? Did I leave some CDs in here? I think I stuck them in your cabinet. Like I said,
we had to get everything all, you know, pie out. Because it's obvious I'm going to need it today.
W-Q-A-N. Hello? Yes, sir.
Okay, thank you. Excellent. That's your material. Go to hell. Got nothing to say about anything that's going on in the world.
About anything that went on during the 10 days that was gone. How do you organize your plate when you go to the buffet?
That's the kind of call you get from the soft load audience. How do you organize your plate?
How do you attack the buffet when you go there? How do I eat? Tell me how to eat? Tell me about that soft porn show on MTV that they
viewed last night, even though it's been on for a year. Tell me was it soft enough for you? Was it hard enough?
Or in between? And did you ever grab a semi? Oh my god, this is the pain is just unbelievable.
Here's a lady in Lauderdale. Hello? Lady in Lauderdale? Hi. Yes, ma'am. My name is Shilliam.
The first time call, how are you? I'm okay. Good. I'm down in the flood about 22 years now. We've been
listening for a few years. Yeah, well here I am. I'm sorry. I wanted to just tell you a little story.
I was saving some money to buy some hockey tickets for my husband for Wednesdays came with the ranges,
you know, for Valentine's Day. But he's a big listener of QAM and he heard Hank talk about his
horse that one last Friday and the other one that was running on Sunday. They should let me down the
Gulf Stream Park on Sunday. I wanted to bet on Hank's horse, which he did. And I could talk
to that and I put the money that I was saving on it too when I think the horse was still running
Neil. Uh huh. It came in like dead last. I was wondering if I can get tickets for the
Pants Against on Wednesday night. You wonder if you could get them? Yeah, if you can get them to me.
And where would I get those? I don't know. Don't you have them? No. Do I have them in my ass somewhere?
I hope not. No. Oh, okay. Well. Did I say anything today about hockey tickets?
Did you? I don't know. I wasn't listening. I'm working. You're nice. So in other words,
you're not even listening to the show. Well, I listen on the North. I, you know, I work in an
office. So I have a tune then. So you just thought like in the middle of the day, this spontaneously
would pick up the phone. Right. Have nothing to contribute. Nothing to say to the show. But you
ask me for hockey tickets. Right. I'll need because I've been listening to you for 20 years already.
So therefore I owe you hockey tickets. You don't owe me anything. No, you don't owe me anything.
Have a nice day. Two. Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five,
six, the only 18 T wireless line. I rest my case. I mean, if this were like a case in court,
I win hands down. Don't even have to send a jury out to deliberate. Hands down. The judge just
bangs the gavel. Award this man $50 million. And let's go on to the next thing.
I mean, what are we talking about here? She wants fricking hockey tickets.
I got news for you, honey. Any game you want to see here this year before the playoffs start.
Plenty of tickets just call up ticket manager. Call out the box office. Call up anybody. Go out
there and scout some cheap before the game. Even with arrangers here Wednesday tomorrow night.
There'll be plenty of seats on sold. Here's a mobile in dear field beach. Hello.
New guy. Yes, sir. No more calls. No more calls. We just love hearing you hearing me what?
Talk. I mean, it was great. When you did. I'm not doing that anymore. I did that for three weeks.
I'm not going to put myself in a hospital. I'm doing a show here with a phone. That's what they
show us all about. It's a telephone talk show. Unbelievable. I'm not going to sit here and talk for
four hours every day. Nobody in history of the universe has ever done that. Hey, your boy,
Andre Bocelli's coming to town. Yeah, not my boy. Can't see my way cleared by those tickets.
I neither can he and have a great day. Yeah, my boy, Andre Bocelli. You know who likes him? Greg
Reed. Does that tell you everything you need to know? Oh, man, he was in here this morning.
Yeah. But I beat by the boot, but I bought by the back. Oh, yeah. And I I placed my trust in
some of the wrong people and this and that and Bob the Moose is an asshole or whatever he said.
Something like that. Isn't that what he said? I'm not sure that I heard him say that.
Bob the Moose was totally inept in a total asshole over there in four Myers.
Boy, this has been special. This has been really special. Not just your ordinary pedestrian
crap. This has been special crap. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. What's the most popular take a blind out of gay bar?
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Mobile in North Miami. Want to nail? Yes, sir. A couple weeks ago you were talking about the
yet some problems with your inner chin. What having up everybody was calling in about
collitis and so on and so forth. Yeah. Some doctor was talking about your poop and how you're
supposed to have floating turds which kind of find that it's hard to believe. I keep thinking about
that and just wondered if that's a reality. How do you mean you find it hard to believe? You're a sink?
Yeah, everything's sink. I don't understand. I have collitis myself. Yeah. But I have a
wrap it up my affairs right now if I were using it. Well, I just, that's a well. Yeah, I get you
well those nice designer pine boxes, man. They're having a sale on it at pennies this week.
Good luck. Good luck. Okay, bottoms up. Here's a guy they, he said not only did they sink, but they sink.
Is that incredible or what? Let's get the sink and float lady on. That's perfect for this town.
Yeah, because one thing about this town, they may not know they're a Schmidt all the time, but
every now and then when you least expect it, they really come up with some good Schmidt.
26 past 11 at 5.50. So let me ask you guys, how do you really attack the buffet when you go there?
Sure, usually you scream and then you charge, you charge in there with a chatty. Like like
Monty Python, you just all go running in there, you know, and just hop head first.
Like Tom Green would do. Let me feed your war face.
Yeah, he pushes that his nose is clean and never puts up in it.
Cause he's running for the wide house, so he just can't admit it.
Stone's drunk and that's not all even down the beautiful ball.
In college, Henry, Drugs would do. He even dropped some master pills.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it.
He preferred the prep would shut their mouth.
But if some of you got them business, he did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he does.
And he made his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe that he didn't do anything.
George, he pushes that his nose is clean and never puts up in it.
Cause he's running for the wide house.
So he just has to make it.
Turkey's free.
Turkey's free.
Turkey's free.
Oh, right.
1131 at 560 W.
Here's a fact that ties right in with the calls we've had today.
I think it's perfect from Rudy Munoz, one of your people.
And about says to Neil, Neil, you don't like it.
But you're going, you're going to go back to Todd the topics.
We have lost interest in the show.
Love you, a spick.
Now, can you interpret that for me?
Cause it was written in spictok.
Can you interpret what that means?
I don't know.
You don't like it, but you're going back to the top to topics.
We've lost interest in the show.
Well, he's still listening.
I've spicked.
No, he's listening to love 94.
Oh, I'm sick.
Cause that wasn't a spick by the way.
There was the love 94 car.
I guess.
Yeah.
Hey, but the free lady was one of yours.
No, she was not.
She's an obnoxious New York.
She has a husband.
She's not like Joe Witt.
I like five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
Don't be laying the Jews on my ass, mister.
They kept showing his sign fell clips on the guy.
Damn plane coming back.
If that man isn't a walking ad for anti-semitism,
he's a male nanny is what he is.
God, just dripping with that New York
doing this all over his puts man.
Where do they find people like him?
Oh, but you have to watch that.
Those are the shows were great.
Yeah, right.
He was really was he funny or what?
No, no.
All he would do all he need was a little schmata on it.
So just like Spencer or what's his name?
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Did you see the nightline last night with the religious?
No, I did not.
No.
They got these people to come on there and say that the American people are mostly
or majority of which are evangelical and religious.
No, it's not true.
I know, but they keep saying it like it's true.
Yeah.
You know, the Bennett's and the Cal Pomises and the Ralf Reeds.
It's just, you know, they're trying to pollute the people.
It's unbelievable.
Oh, that's something new.
No, it's just that that's the that's the business that they're in.
That's a business religion is in is polluting the public's mind.
That's what it's all about.
And they're very tales and they got a take that was written by it.
It's thousands of years ago.
Bubble Mysees.
They and they've got to take over happening here.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
It's Bush or Gore.
One of the two.
Bush or Gore?
They're both evangelicals.
They're both born against.
Yeah.
And Gory what is Gory's agenda?
What is his political agenda?
Have to do with the Christian right.
Well, his agenda is no big deal.
But when push comes to shove, you know, he's got this wacky belief.
He had a, you know, it's not that I care.
I'd rather have him than Bush, but he had this wacky conversion, he said.
And as well.
You know, John Kennedy had this wacky religion too.
He was a Roman Catholic.
And what the difference is that make it for all the same.
It doesn't matter what story you believe.
No, but it's not all the same.
The difference is that if somebody gets elected to be the president
and has that power and decides not to use their
to try to impose those beliefs and implementing whatever the hell laws
they're going to be passed by Congress, that's the difference.
Right.
If you can't see it, how can you compare Al Grober with George W.
when it comes to being a religious nut?
You can't.
But why did you say that?
Well, think probably what they're going to do.
They're what they're going to do.
As long as you don't want to try to impose it on me.
Well, on the show last night, they
talked about both being born against both of them.
So I mean, from that standpoint, there's the same.
That they both had these conversions in their life.
Yeah.
Or because of whatever.
Because he did too much coke.
Yeah.
Probably both because they did put too much coke.
I know that.
All of our gore does have a bigger nose.
OK, have a great day, sir.
Anybody have any idea what he said?
No.
Also last night, Gore went out of his way to state very clearly
that he believes in the separation of church and state.
That's my point.
That's what I'm telling this guy.
I don't give a crap what he wants to believe in or how he in
Tipper-1, who at least he won't have to worry about any
blow jobs in a White House there.
And Bush wants to give tax dollars to religious institutions
to do good work.
Right.
Bush is another show for the political right.
The Christian right and keeps him
going further and further to the right.
And now that the reform party, which I started to mention
before is blow themselves up over the weekend.
Maybe that Pat Buchanan, but won't be a factor after all,
which they better get their act together again because just
to be on the safe side.
Come on, Pat.
Go Pat.
Do a little left-siphoning job for us.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Morning.
Neil, how you doing?
OK.
Well, come back.
We are in the state of the United States.
Right.
You know, one out of like killing kids out in town,
and buying.
Did you read the paper today?
Were two people guy killed repossession in 1987, Chevy?
Yeah, George, would you just tell me about that?
I couldn't believe that.
Yeah, you got to read that article.
I mean, they had some way automatic weapons,
and the wheels fell off the car as they were doing it.
So how do we get the guns off the street?
I guess we can, huh?
OK, thanks for the good news.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
See, I answer very simple questions at the beginning
of the show today about this crack and black thing,
what that's all about.
And did I get any response to it?
Did I get an answer?
No.
No, of course not, because nobody wants to talk about that.
Because nobody wants to be perceived as being racist.
I think it just to be called being civilized.
See, this business about being like white people,
or being like whitey, I don't think that's
got to do with it at all.
I think that's the one word we're looking for is being
civilized, educated, respectful, obedient, lawful,
et cetera, and so on, especially the obedient part.
5, so get you a black ass in the kitchen and get lunch ready.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Palm Beach, Hilo.
You?
Yes, ma'am.
Welcome back.
I'm Nesky last week.
Here I am.
I was away from the phone for, I mean,
the radio for a few minutes good.
Did anybody call in for a young, unguiding line?
No.
OK, hard to capitalize what happened in a week.
But basically what happened was the sales trial
was going terrible.
And the NASA doesn't wake up pretty soon.
It looked like he's going to prison.
The prosecution rest is at the police.
So that's just doing the defense.
And he picked the guys from the ice cream stand on the other day.
Oh, boy.
And then he said, you know, he saw Michelle.
He was sure.
Yeah.
And then the prosecutor got him to know that he was lying.
Oh, see you.
And then Danny Colourston and the say-and-a-not.
And so after he came off the witness stand,
lost what the Danny said.
You just see him in the shelf state.
She's going to prison.
So that's not going very well.
And then the other thing that happened
yesterday was Edmund finally did his blackmail on Phillips
and showed him the video.
So if you don't make me the head of the company
and give me everything I want, this is what that's
wedding day.
She and Jim are about to get married.
Yeah.
It's a spawning mansion.
They're downstairs.
We're getting ready to start in ceremony.
And so I tried to fire Edmund.
And that's when he showed him the video.
That's when he lifted it out and the video too.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's only two story lines right now.
Well, what about Richard and what's your name, Cassie?
Oh, God.
Wow.
Oh, I hate that part of the story.
That's silly.
Yeah.
Very offensive, right?
Especially the measles part.
Yeah.
Well, the doctor gave her a thorough examination
and found out she may not be able to have more children.
And when she found out, she's like, oh my God,
I can't give you an heir.
And that's the only reason you're marrying me.
We have to back out the marriage.
And no, no, he's there.
No, he won't admit that he was an officer.
And she wanted him to see on him.
Yeah, it's another one of those scenes.
All the soap operas do that.
They make you so furious you want to scream.
Yeah, no, but they have no.
And you open up your ears and get with it.
Yeah.
And then in the meanwhile, Edmund arranged for this,
for there to be a horrible explosion and some plant
in San Cristival and all these people are injured.
And he's trying to sabotage everything Richard's doing
and then he can take over the monoclon.
Just to act great, the audience, right?
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you, how long have you been watching?
After ever.
Who would you say of all the people that's on the show?
I was thinking about this yesterday.
For some strange reason, you got a lot of time
to kill on the plane.
What actor or actress is the longest standing character
on the show?
Who's on there now?
Right.
Maybe Waffer Vanessa?
Possible.
What about Lillian?
Yeah, for sure, but he doesn't have a storyline.
Right.
She goes back a long way.
Your wife's Vanessa.
Josh goes back away.
Oh, I'll tell you who it is, though.
Holly.
Oh, yeah.
Holly.
Yes, for Waffer Vanessa.
Holly and Roger were like the original Roger
who's not dead, of course.
They were on here for 100 years.
But Holly, Waffer Vanessa, I don't know if that's out.
How about Papa Bauer?
Oh god, rest in peace.
OK, have a great day, sweetheart.
Wait a minute.
One more thing.
Thanks for the update.
Yes.
You ever kept any cloud of that.
The story that comes on before guiding light.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen this lucky guy that's on there?
A character's name is Christopher.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm going to put my Christopher metal on right now.
That's crazy.
I'm going to squeeze it real tight.
Have a great day.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
You know what the Christopher's used to say?
It only takes one little candle to burn a big hole in your
breakfast.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a 18 T line.
Jerry Lewis says, when they're only good for one thing
and that's making babies.
And Janorino is pissed off.
The sports leader sports radio 5, 60 Q.A.M.
Get off your duck.
Now, two strict sports fans may go.
If you're a dollar in the garden of a tattoo, go.
He said, honey, cut, honey, go, you.
So when you get to the back, get to the bride with food.
We'll hand down.
Hand down.
Hand down.
That's it, that's it, that's it.
Hand down.
Take your clothes off, you little fish.
I'm going to hold you down like a dude is fish.
Thinking of a big roll of his fat.
You don't think about the smell, can you tell where it's at?
And go.
And go.
And go.
That's it, that's it, that's it.
The girls are kind of listening, fat guys.
You know how to make the boldness ride.
That's the taste of the shower in the house.
We'll leave the fish part on the towel.
And go.
And go.
And go.
And go.
That's it, that's it, that's it.
And go.
So speaking of that, who were you telling me got suspended
from our sales department last week?
Couldn't have been fat boy, could it?
14 till noon at 5.60 W to QA.
Here's the fact that since I'm really upset
with the fact that the date county school system is forcing every student
to learn about black history, students are ordered to make a report on a black person.
Why can't they report on lots of black folks that I just saw in Amsterdam?
Black rhymes with crack.
It says if it's black history, then let the black people learn about their own history.
I don't recall the Jewish history being taught in school or Cuban history
or any other group for that matter.
How about Hungarian history?
No.
Danish history?
Dutch history?
No.
I feel each of the groups should learn about their own heritage history if they choose.
But a specific group should not be imposing on the groups.
My freedom of choice is being violated since this anonymous factor.
Who's pissed off and fired up about black history?
Well, how much is there to learn besides, you know, coming in change from Africa?
In a bunch of lynchings.
And then crack.
And what else?
What I leave out?
football?
Low-town.
NBA?
That pretty well covers it.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got too lonely calls there and aboard we're not even at the halfway point here
of what's going to be a long, long, arduous first day back from a wonderful vacation.
So let me ask you, Neil, how was the weather over there?
Was it like above 40?
Was it below?
Was it how about in the night time about three in the morning?
How cold is it get?
Now, how do you approach the buffet line over there when you step up to the big
of a fainless sky?
How do you approach it?
That that that could have been the best call of all time.
That was the best.
The best.
I mean, it's covered a lot of territory, a lot of idiots over the years,
a lot of real morons, grade A class,
top of the list.
But that's the best.
How do you approach the buffet?
What's your what's your game plan?
Actually, I do kind of like a football coach, like Tom Landry is doing up there in
his sky now.
Poor Tom Landry with that hat.
Never stole a freight train.
Real good Christian guy.
A little bit too good.
Too Christian for me.
Wonder if he ever looked at Danny White naked in a locker room, you know?
Something I've been thinking about a lot lately.
Tom Landry just died from leukemia, just 75 over the weekend.
You think he ever like eyed Danny White when he was naked in the showers?
Good Christian guy like Tom Landry with a wife.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
You know what he asked about the blacks and crack?
It's because that's where it's sold.
Remember in the Godfather?
Let them have their drugs or whatever the thing was.
What do you mean that's where it's sold?
Well, I can western and carol springs.
I mean, I keep driving around all my long two, three in the morning.
I'm not going to find people out selling me crack.
In those neighborhoods.
Well, how come an Amsterdam word this neighborhood?
There are no black people who live there.
And there are all black people selling crack.
And they're selling crack there as well.
Yes.
What do you mean that?
What do you mean as well?
No, I mean, it just made, I mean, you've told them about blacks.
I mean, blacks as well.
Black people, people from the Netherlands and Tillies,
Schwarzer's, black darkies.
I guess it's just a definition that we've been.
I mean, Ross the people with bad hair
who look like they haven't seen a bar of coast in 25 years.
Those are the people.
Crack, quote, quote, quote, that's their life.
That's their existence.
Is it just the distribution network from where it starts to where it goes?
You're asking me?
No, I'm just saying.
I don't know.
You've had an investigative report on this.
No, I don't know.
I do only place I wanted to go as far away from me.
Get away from me.
That's all I ask.
I get you.
Get away from my ass.
You know, one thing, you know, David Duke,
you know, he's been on a couple of shows lately.
And he's been talking about European Americans.
Now, wouldn't that include most Jews?
Yeah.
But yet he makes that distinction now that it's European Americans.
He's the European American to accept the Yiddloch.
Didn't you hear him say that?
Oh, accepting Yiddloch.
Right.
I hear you.
One last thing.
Irwin Schiff, have you ever heard of this guy?
The Pay No Taxes Ever?
Yeah.
Have you ever heard of him?
Yes.
Any thought?
Crack.
Crack, okay.
Because he was saying, you know, put zero down
because you don't show a profit.
Crack, crack, crack, crack, crack, crack,
if it looks like a duck, have a great day.
One last thing.
Yes.
McCain says he's going to outlaw abortions
as well as any companies that make hangers.
Okay.
Right.
And if he has an abortion, hangers.
Well, they want more capital punishment here.
They're pissed off.
They want a lot of executions.
Come on.
Let's start right now.
Let's start with that guy that cost me
all that money in my portfolio.
Now, one call for many investment experts out there
in this audience today.
I got every dime I have in the world tied up
with the man who I have absolutely zero confidence in.
I mean, just just just I can't even go into it.
Just just one mutual fund.
This man cost me so much money.
I can't even begin to tell you.
And when people start screwing with your money,
they start getting serious, you know.
They start reading, getting pissed off.
How's Dan Major doing, by the way?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What's that tool free number?
877-785-6345.
Yeah, where do that crack be coming from?
That crack cocaine.
Where do all m. rocks come from?
A bunch of white people come in areas.
The white devil is the, they the people have done it.
Uh-huh.
Made them darkies.
Yeah, that's right.
The white devil with a horn.
The horny white devil.
They're the ones that bring in all m. rocks
and put those roster people out there in the streets
to pedal that crap.
Aren't they?
No.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Bokeh, yes, sir.
Hey you.
Your phone test.
How's it going?
Let's try Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the reason I'm calling is, you seem to brush over the fact
about those two blacks that were killed by that FBI agent.
And now that both the Florida State Police and the FBI try to
cover it up.
Sir, I didn't brush over it.
It's an old story.
We talked about that at length.
It's nothing to brush over.
But what do you, why rehash it now?
What else is there to say?
Well, more and more, as it comes out,
how the FBI covered it up by moving to a different hospital
room.
Changing his name.
Right.
So the press couldn't get at them.
Right.
So is that something new that the FBI is a corrupt institution?
Ask Gay Edgar Hoover.
He'll tell you.
Well, I'm not talking about, I thought that Louis Free, though,
was a much more honest type person.
Well, he's, I didn't worry about that.
Well, maybe he's not.
Is that ever done on you, sir?
That maybe he's not.
Maybe there's still the same corrupt
institution that it was when Gay Edgar Hoover was running it?
No, because I lived in Washington after the Jay Edgar Hoover era.
Yeah.
And I knew some FBI agents, and I wouldn't try to trust them
with anything.
Well, no, so you're talking about individuals.
Let me say it against you.
The institution is corrupt and have a great day.
Oh my god.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Too many old people here, baby.
Too many old wrinkled up people.
Old, crusty, fart smelling.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, still reeling from the law yesterday in Panthers to
Montreal.
You're reeling from the law?
Yeah, we got our asses kicked.
And what do you mean you're reeling from it, though?
I mean, it was a crappy game.
I saw the game last night.
I saw the Leafs kick their ass fourth in the roll last night.
I think before the game is two minutes old,
they're always done two, three nothing.
That's a game.
You know, they're not doing well right now.
Take it.
I know you're about to say that you're reeling from it.
Don't you think that you're really a little exaggerating?
OK, I'm trying to use a little artistic play there.
I mean, the team has got 71 fricking points.
They're in second place in the conference.
They're the third best record in the whole God damn league.
Instead of accentuating the fact that they lost again
to a girls team in Montreal last night.
And at Schmuck Jesse Bellagia came back to bite the hand.
Neil.
They want Spetta?
Who cares?
Neil.
Yes.
Quick baseball question.
And would somebody please wake Rimmer up?
Give him a wake up call.
Come on, Rimmer.
Stop whispering in the game.
What is it, sir?
Who got hit by more balls?
Thank you.
OK.
No, the question is who got hit in the face by more balls?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
I don't believe they got bad old-stale material.
They can't even deliver the lines right.
Yeah.
These people can never sell no cocaine.
They can't deliver the guy named Lines Right.
Christ.
He's still reeling from last night's loss to the conid yen.
He's reeling from it.
Anybody believe that?
Oh, God.
The sports nerds.
And by the way, now that football season's over,
I hate to break the news to you.
It's over.
But what about sports nerds going to do now?
What then he finally makes that final announcement?
And there will be a final announcement of some kind
if this man comes to a senses.
Then what?
Yeah.
Good point.
Oh, I got a headache from this place.
Wow.
If I could tell you how great I felt the last 10 days,
like a new person, like a born again.
And now I'm back here in between opening up my mail
and seeing that that schmuck at my bank
is losing my money factor that I can earn it.
Like it's coming out of a ferrofosset.
Like it's going to right down the turlord.
This man wouldn't know an investment
if it crawled into his rectum.
He still wouldn't recognize it.
And then coming here this morning
and seeing we got this new interim phone,
which seems to be working so far.
Oh, the wrong way to phone.
It's what's on the phone.
It's like what Harry Neal told me about the Leafs
about five years ago.
He said, there's nothing wrong with the uniforms.
It's the bodies that's in them.
That's where the problem lies.
Nice going, Harry.
That's one thing about the Leafs.
That's what success.
They must think they're in a radio business.
Things were going too well.
Let's get rid of all the fast young guys on here.
Goodbye, Stevie Sullivan.
Goodbye, Mike Johnson.
Goodbye, all the real good young players.
Let's get about your old hacks on here.
Don't get started on that crap again.
Neal Rogers shows sports radio.
Five, 60s.
Q, A, M.
W, Q, A, M.
My name is Gordon Dale.
I got all this goddamn money.
And I live in a free house.
I know my lips look kind of funny.
Like the ones on Caesar Romero's mouth.
But I never want a super bowl.
Should I stay or should I go?
I have an intimate affection.
Why am I demitas glass collection?
Anything I want, I can afford it.
But I want my lips to say the story.
Should I satisfy my ego?
Let's call it quick and go.
I just might move back to Pittsburgh.
But I'll hit the change the name to Lipsburg.
Now those guys in sports talk radio.
The ones with a fecal ring around their nose.
Say, and everybody wants to know.
We'll like to say or we'll like those.
Bye bye, Danny.
Good luck to you.
Okay, get out of here.
1202-560 W to QA.
560-705-60 on the 18T line.
Out of time lines been real quiet.
Today I think we had one four Myers car.
We still on the air over there or what?
Four Myers.
877-785-6345.
Not that they own that line.
But I mean, that's where you'd expect.
Wouldn't you expect it from there?
Four Myers.
Naples.
877-785-6345.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back from your vacation.
You know, sometimes you get some very ignorant callers.
No.
The guy who just called it a water girl is talking about the drugs and blacks.
Of course, please.
You're going to course, please.
You got so much drugs there.
Exactly.
It's the Haven.
It's like a shopping mark outside.
What are you talking about?
You know, you know, in New York, in Upper Westside,
the people that buy drugs, the people that come in from New Jersey, Connecticut.
Right.
And there's a white upper middle class.
What are you talking about?
White to the world.
Yeah, it's where you get all the good stuff.
Absolutely.
That's all I have to say.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
And say how you do your.
Bye-bye.
566-705-60.
What do you say?
Quite right?
And pound 560 on the 182 miles.
I'm playing blue by IPLE 65.
I played it first before anybody in America months ahead.
And you never even gave me credit for that, the old man.
I did so.
You dick.
I even did that last week when I talked about bloodhound gang.
Well, what you talked about was bloodhound gang.
I said bloodhound gang and sometimes you don't like blue.
And I like blue.
And he plays all the time like the bad people.
The better crap is that awful.
The better crap is that awful.
In West life, in West life, in West life, in West life.
Oh, it's awful.
The worst.
The worst.
You're going to be very big here, by the way.
You're full of crap.
Whatever.
No straight people.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
The worse.
We're not talking about whether he wrote anything or not.
We're talking about his music that he sang.
Yeah.
That was not what he'd write.
It was better.
Well, that's just on the face of it.
It just insulted my intelligence.
There you see that.
Next, you're going to be telling me that the beach boys are better
than arrowsmith.
And he's.
The best part of this is if we run television, he's thinking about
this one, okay.
different stuff. Yeah real music is opposed to bubble gum right just like
Marvin Gaye and the Beach Boys. Real music is opposed to music. Why? They used to play
real music. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18-t wireless line. This man doesn't know music
but then again when grandma used to keep pulling your wiggly out when you were
little kids here what goes to your mind it's hard to think too clearly.
That was a special treat. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Welcome back to Paradise.
What's your idea? Easy for you to say. So what fun did you get tied up in
case if I can ask? I beg your pardon? What fun did you get tied up into that
you don't like? Oh it's the right Netherlands Equal Fund. I was in the aim. I was in
the aim Europe fund which was what was you doing great? Not for yeah but some
came down with it right? I don't want one of the guys in the fun got trouble. No. The
aim Europe fund it went from 16 up to 23 dollars and 10 cents but the problem is
that I was forced to liquidate it to get a it's a long story sir you don't want
to hear it it's a long said story of incompetent of incompetent by a guy who
who hustled me and has got all my money now with my bank and my money is
vanishing in front of my eyes. Really my guys doing okay there I can't put a lot of
me like you probably but and but that's not the point is it's somebody that
knows what he's doing that's right that's what I'm looking for. Please not a lot of
those. Not a lot of those. No. My guys are potential but I don't want to
photos name out there he's pretty good though he's made about 10% in a month so
it's not bad. Really? Yeah not good. I'd be able to lose 46 grand in a month. Sorry
I can't do with that. Don't you think don't you think I ought to be busy on
441 right now cruising the pawn shops to find a good piece don't you think
about time yeah make sure you get a zero number off there though okay all right thanks
yeah the right equifan Netherlands fund just because I want to live there
someday because I want to move there does that mean that I should be investing in
that little tiny market of theirs over there's got like about six point no this
is a crazy person I'm dealing with 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line got 50,000 open lines no waiting here today on a bitterly bitterly
disappointing response on my first day back did they call it say hey welcome
back to you guess what happened while you were gone I was today but I mean
but a whole bunch of stuff did they do that no no they call me up and ask me
how do I approach the buffet the Chinese buffet how do you attack it how do I
attack it well first of all I go get that old Chinese guy that's always hanging
out with it Ralph what's what's his name the karate kid guy and the worst part
of it is he's dead not Ralph Machuio the old Chinese guy Pat Marita Pat Marita
he's dead so you see I can't even go see him and find out how you attack the
Chinese buffet because he's dead Japanese he's turning Japanese pretty good for a
dead guy and Ralph Machuio of course so he's got a wife you know Ralph Machuio
what is he about for 45 now here's the plantation hello you never look to
Machuio to me plantation hello hi Neil yes sir welcome back and thanks for
telling like it is now I can't articulate as well as you but the thing that
bothers me about the situation is Jesse Jackson and the Maxine Warters is supposed
to be the leaders of the black community where are they well I mean but where
are their priorities when it comes to you know standing up for different issues
why can't they stand up for initial like a black kid in high school who can't
add two and two who can't speak and when he gets out of high school he has
that's really no idea what is gonna do yeah what what he be gonna do and then
he falls into this pattern of just you know he's lost and that's it they're
going forever do a crime and then doing the time right yes we're we're
the legacy of black and murder there is no leadership there's no black
leadership but there's no white leadership terrible the same thing when you
think about the African countries I mean that one African country I read about is
well governed all you read about is strife and killing yeah and who would want
to go to and I'll then I'll use the barbarians impregnating the young girls
because they think they're better each other that way right using the head
needs virus like crazy you can't use that just to kill other people yeah even
South Africa the world of spiritual workers well even now South Africa which
is supposed to be you know I read an article yesterday I think it was also in
that Atlanta horrible Atlanta paper about the culture clash between African
Americans and Africans who come here this country and about how they're
having a difficult time relating with each other and how about African
Americans here think that most of the countries over there are barbaric and
these old ugly stereotypes that I thought to myself they're not stereotypes
that's exactly what they are right right on the Stone Age well you know I just
when I get talking about all these polatial places like in the Algeria they're
talking about the pay with the money people all the oil bearings over there that's
not how the people in the jungle live because absolutely no leadership
and how the grassroots live believe me I heard their midnight confessions which
I got a great story here about a priest who's really a woman by the way no you're
making it up no I'm not I got ten pages off the internet the things get a
little bit slow soon if five six seven oh five sixty well I ain't listen I'm
doing the best I can I feel great I got some energy I'm eating this crap from
your buddy Peter Leonard which he should only rot in hell he's the one that made
me sick in the first place you know Peter Leonard he has got to go he's got to go
I'm not talking about leave I'm just talking go it's because he's eating too
many of those candy bars he is going or is it a secret I shouldn't say it on
here ten minutes past no at five sixty WQS
why are you saying they have a
ticket
where
One day she threw away
To Tio Wano, where the movie is going?
No, I'm going to shoot
But, there's our right wing censorship
There are worth the fuss and slip
To reach out to you how I feel
Far came, far came
So, to get you to K&K Wano
I'll see you at Tio Wano too
How black is that if you see games?
Tell her I'm at Surrey State
And the FCC won't let me sing this
So, I'll not rotate the game
How if you see games?
Take her in, gently say
Then after this transition
I'll be out in 90 days
Oh, if you see games you wanna
Then I'll see you at Tio Wano
I'll go, go, go, I'll cut a piece of Tio Wano too
Yeah, that's the dedication to the FCC today
By the way, I should have played that right at the beginning
That's where I'm friends with the FCC, if you see K
The number we just said
Anyway, it's at 1215 at 560 WQAM
Yeah, we can say the word penis on here
We can maybe even say sh-long
But we can't say dick
I want you to stop and think about this
About freedom of speech
Because these people like George Will
Or always screaming the arm
Oh, freedom of speech
You know, political of campaign finance before
Is really a free speech issue
Right
As whole right wingers like George Will
Trying to rationalize the fact that big business
And special interest have controlled his party
From the beginning of your goddamn time
Since they stuck Abelkin in the box
Come up with this crap
Like he's a great defender of free speech
But if we say dick on here
Is that a name or is that like, you know
We can say Willie Horton, but can we say Willie?
No
How about Wony?
No
When Father Dennis Brennan, the long-time pastor of St. Margaret of Cortona Roman Catholic Church
In Rotterdam Junction, New York goes to his weekly trip to the grocery store
He looks unusual
The five foot inch, eight inch, balding Irish-born priest
Where is a dark full-length dress
An ill-fitting lady's white wig
And a silver necklace
Or that necklace
He also sports a lady's shoulder bag
Obviously Brennan and Albany diocese preached for 33 years
Sixteen, which has been spent as pastor of St. Margaret, isn't quite what it used to be
Or is that some of the old Jane Marigianne what she used to be?
In fact, Brennan 65 is in the process of making history
As the first priest in America to undergo a six-changed operation
Oh, wow!
Let's hear it!
His name is Dennis
He must know that Denise Popham, because his new name he's listed as
Denise J. Brennan on a newly issued New York State Driver's license
Denise
Parishners in this tentative old railroad settlement five miles west of St. Margaret's connected here
Not exactly pleased nor is the bishop of Albany that's putting it mildly
At a time when the Catholic Church is reeling
How they reeling from that lost to much of your all-ass night?
Oh, no, they're reeling from stories of priests who our gay have aides who are involved in improper relationships with young men
The incredible story of Father Brennan is one that the Albany diocese could certainly have done without
Parishners here first learned of the dramatic change in their past his attitude
Just a few weeks ago when Brennan long seen as a straight-laced traditionalist
Said a remarkably candid and moving letter to several long-time parishners
In the letter he announced the start of what he called his personal journey
He then disclosed that he had been tormented by sexual conflicts for most of his life
He said he had only recently been diagnosed with an extreme condition of sexual ambivalence known as gender dysphoria
Wasn't that a Jewish thing to dyspora?
It was determined that this condition began before birth, Brennan wrote the faithful
It was never a matter of choice I had always been conscious of my inner female gender
Although I managed to hide it or bury it
In his rectum and the gender too
Brennan then bluntly disclosed that I began on this past October 4th, a period of one of living
Continuously 24 hours a day in and out of home as a female
This time of transition is required before undergoing sexual reassignment surgery
Michael Masculoni, a St. Margaret's parishner, long-time Brennan friend and recipient of Brennan's letter
Is among many local churchgoers who say they feel betrayed
I've known this man for 20 years and we've been friends for many years at Master Rana, a Rotterdam Junction resident
Prominent local businessman
Dennis Brennan has been an asset to the Catholic Church all these years but what he's doing now is against all our beliefs
A prominent Albany priest who learned of Brennan's decision from the post
Had to take a seat before we could openly discuss his reaction
He had to take a seat, rectum, probably in alter boys
I'm just stunned to the priest who was known Brennan for more than two decades
He was a very conservative guy, always considered very much from the word of the tight concept of what the priesthood was all about
The tight concept as in they like him young and they like him tight
Rectum, yeah
So there he goes, a little bit of that story, saved the rest for later for after lunch
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile and steward, hello
Mobile and steward
Okay, and look at that, we got two mobiles and steward back to back now, what are the odds on that?
Are they sitting there like side by side? Here's another mobile and steward, like this, hello
Hi, Neil, yes sir
Yes, I'm Daniel McAcher from Philadelphia, I listen to you on the internet all the time
Yes sir, and I tell you one thing, the beaver, he couldn't stop at Beach Blower with the red line
He's got to go, he's terrible
He's done, why don't you just say it?
Well, why do we care about him?
Well, you were even about a last year and I was down here because he was hot, he had all those shutouts back to back
I was raving about him in a playoff against the lease when he let all those greasy goals
And I said, nice going there beaver, that's when I could rate him out there
He's no good at any way, I got it
All due respect, we don't care, okay, we don't care about Philadelphia, do we care about Philadelphia?
No, not at all
A bunch of rowdy assholes
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line with the exception of my good friend Ron from Philadelphia was a good guy
But other than him, trying to think, how about the a paramedic?
What was the guy's name, the paramedic from Philadelphia? David, David, whatever's name was
The paramedic from back in IOT days, Jesus, is your Alzheimer's kicking in again, mister?
The paramedic that you saw, I was down here
I don't fight those dupes down in the way of my whole memory like you
Well, I sure did
Here's a mobile and candle, hello
Yes sir
Glad to have you back
This is Vester Yours, I think he needs to have a visit paid to him by Mr. Luca Brasi
Or you might need to turn half on yourself
Yeah
And...
Turn half on
Yeah, it sounds like it's going to get worse and better
Yeah
Okay, Neil
Is that the advice?
Yes, okay, take two and I'll call you in the morning
Okay
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T, he's going to dirt nap him, there's anyone for you?
Out of town line is waiting on you, 877, 785, and we had one meaningful response to my question for a somebody that's got a financial advisor about there
A financial planner that knows something, we had the one guy that was on the borderline tip-tilling around
Said something about financial securities, they don't want to give me the guy's name or who knows
That was it
That was it, as the search goes on in his town for somebody who knows something
I know, I realize that's a pretty radical idea of a wild concept, somebody who knows something
Isn't just another Boltzmann artist of which we have an epidemic
Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello
Hello
Yes sir
How you doing?
Good
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me
Hey Neil, John, how you doing?
Okay, John
Check it out, are you talking about a financial advisor?
Yeah
There's so many things people don't know about stock brokers, it's unbelievable
And it's financial advisors
They're like used car salesmen
Exactly, I'm a partner and a hedge fund
Okay, last month we did 6% the month before we did 7% last 4 months
We did over 28% I mean these guys are getting rich in stocks
What the thing is with commissions and everything
What's supposed to happen is you're supposed to get paid on performance
Not just get paid
You get rich in stocks and 8th of quarter of a half a dollar
You're buying it at the end, you're buying it at the bid
And you're getting screwed, that's the bottom what does it do?
Yeah
Or does this cost you in the bottom line?
I mean bottom line for me being a manager of a hedge fund
What do we do?
For the last several years I had none because I know nothing
I'll be the first one to admit I know nothing about the market
And I've made my own choices and I made a couple of bad ones and some very good ones
And I was doing a million times better
I mean I was doing pretty good for a guy that knows nothing
100% correct
And all of a sudden I get involved with this guy and he gives me a bill of goods
And they call me from the bank and oh they ask I want to meet with you
And he gives the sole prospectus
And he's got all these numbers down and all looks real great
And now all of a sudden here we are
What I went through just in transferring my retirement fund
From Smith Barney to this guy
The amount of money that I lost in the process
Because he was in FN couldn't make them give him the money
Is mind boggling
Plus now on top of that
Look at my statements and it's like this man is costing me my life
The guy's a major bottom line
I mean the guy is a real major because first of all
This is the man who doesn't believe in text stocks
Okay, this is at a time when the NASDAQ is going through the roof
The text stocks are the only things that are going good this year
And this is the man who doesn't believe in me
He believes in the old fashion way
But you know does your book tell you about short and stocks when they're at their eyes
I mean look at Yahoo!
You're talking Yahoo with $500 has come down consistently split the other day
And it's found another eight points today
I mean you're talking about short and stocks
Broopers don't know this
They don't go to a special school
Believe me a guy at Prood Batesh
Wherever I work the whole street
And one thing I do know
That all it is is a hard sale game
It's a boiler room
Because you're pushing stocks
You're pushing stocks for the company
So the big clients get out
In the hedge fund situation
I get paid on performance and performance alone
I get 20% of your profit every month
But if I take $1,000 and make you $200
Let's take $1,200 at the end of the month
And I take off for you $40
Do you want me to deserve it?
No
You don't think so?
Same thing again
I'm making you 20%
You're making 20% of your bet
I was looking at the market
I wasn't paying attention what you said
The NASDAQ's in the toilet
Of course today but that's the thing
I'm short and stocks today
I'm looking to make the product
I'm worth it eight two
Okay thanks a lot pal
Good luck to you
Hedge this
What do you say something about his hedgehog
The $1,000 has 47 points
The NASDAQ's down 110
Which I get tired of watching this crap
How many times have I said that?
Even when Ted David calls in
And he admits it
He gets a dozen different guys on here on CNBC
And they tell you a dozen different things
They don't know what they're talking about
All they're talking about is doing transactions
That's what they're talking about
Because every time they do a transaction
They take a piece
They take a slice
Like going into a goddamn dominoes place
They take another slice
They haven't got any idea what they're talking about
In the meantime they're taking all the money
You've worked your brains out
You fought a good fight for a hundred freaking years
And now you're hoping to retire someday
Maybe soon
And you entrust them
You put all your money in the hands of these grave robbers
And it's like
Well, I'm about to be
But I'm about to be
But I'm about to be
They've got stories
They always got stories
SEI funds
Anybody in this audience
The only thing about SEI mutual funds
Because I'm going to tell you something about SE
They suck
26 past noon at 560 W.K.M.
Kim Polk effort talks
Oh, right
We can write years
On sports radio 560 Q.A.M
Push bravile, south-western
Push bravile, south-western
All right
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
No
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
No
He's running six feet far
Play for basket fall
Boy, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him Bradley
He's going to win the race
No
People of him caught me
Is an outboard door
Yeah
Did I mention that he is an outboard door?
He played for the nick
He doesn't borrow stick
Yeah, we love him caught me
Is an outboard door
Not outboard
Not outboard
Not outboard
Yeah, he's not outboard
I'll say it one time more
We love Bill a lot
But because he's not
Boring outboard door
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
No
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
He's just old and stale
1232 at 560 W.C.M
I don't mean old and age term is just boring
You know?
Al Gore is boring in a more exciting way
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the 8-tick
Well, he is
They're both boring, but Al Gore is
Lee T's got a little fire in his veins
You know, a little blood
And the only problem is that every time he tries to act
Demonstrate, he makes a fool out of himself, you know?
He becomes even more wooden
Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello?
Hello, Neil?
Next you're going to be telling me the beach boys are better than the doors
And I'm really going to get upset
No, I would only say that
Oh, thank God
Yes, sir
You should take all your money and put it into American Century Fund
Ultra
All of my money and put it in one basket, huh?
That's it
35% over the last 20 years of the fund
What's the name of it?
American Century
And it's the Ultra Fund
American Century?
Yep, Ultra Fund
Go to Morningstar.com
You know something, Morningstar should only croak
I've had money and more 5 star rated funds from Morningstar
And it means nothing, okay?
That in 45 cents will buy about a half a cup of coffee
But do you go to the 10 year analysis?
No, I never get that far
Anything's proven 10 or 20 years, I mean, you know, you got something
Need two funds that come out that are rated strong, they mean nothing
Right
But something that's been around 20 years and is in the top 10, you know, I said, check it out, Neil
I'm going to check it out today
And Tom Grease is going to have Monica Lewinsky, what do you think of that?
Okay, thanks a lot, pal
Bye-bye
And where's he going to stick that story?
Correct him
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the American, see now I'm going to get stuck in all kinds of advice
Which is okay because I asked for it, but it's got to be better than what I'm going through right now
With this wild man
Oh, well, he couldn't do this and he couldn't do that
And Smith Barney told him the moon is green with purple cheese on it
And put a beep, put a beep, put a beep, put a beep on it
And the meantime, I'm losing all of this money
And what kind of crap is this?
How could all of us be so stupid and gullible?
They handle all of our hard-earned life savings over to some stranger
Some stranger
Here you go, here's my money, I believe you
Some stranger who just happens to have a Jewish last name, big-stinking deal, okay?
So did my uncle Mugsy Solomon had a Jewish last name and he was a bookie
I wouldn't trust him with 50 cents, he was a good guy, but don't give it to him, he'll lose it at the track
In fact, you know something, I could have had a better time with that 46 grand
Even though it's only on paper, thank God, but I could add up
But can you imagine the time I could add in Vegas and at Poppano Park with 46 grand?
Could have played all day, yeah, half the next
God, or can you imagine what I could have done with 46 grand at Amsterdam?
No, why don't you, how do you attack Amsterdam when you get it?
I attack anybody I want
And usually with great success, you'd be shocked
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound, 5,60 on the internet, what can you describe it to us?
Yeah, okay, draw us a picture, draw us a pornograph, please
We're so bored and we have such a terminal life here in this town, would you already know?
Yes, I do, too bad
My advice is get out of it every now and then
Here's Poppano, hello
Poppano
Neil, yes sir
Hey, I don't have an answer to your financial problem
That's good, that'll get boring, I don't want to get into that again
But I do want to thank you, a few years ago I started Allied Health School
And I kind of can't tell you which one it was
But you changed my position on legalized abortion and also on forced sterilization
Right
I worked in one of the community hospitals here and every single day
I saw abused kids and these crackheaded parents coming in
And it was just unbelievable
And I learned the hard way, I should have listened to you before
I just want to tell you there was an article in Scientific American
It's called Legalized Abortion in Crime
And it talks about how legalized abortion has decreased the crime waves
That the FBI statistics have gone down
And I just want to thank you that you changed my views and actually after reading
And looking up some of these things, you were absolutely right
And you know John McCain has started to look more like Joan Crawford every single day
They both hated those wire hangers
Have a great day, pal
Thanks a lot
Congratulations
There's a guy that's open up his eyes in his ears and got a brain
That I listen to all this right wing religious crap, this swill, this garbage
And by the way, take a look at Northern Ireland again, how about that peace treaty, huh?
Take a look at the Middle East again, how about that peace treaty?
How many years have I been telling you the same thing?
And it all comes because of the same crap, religious fanaticism, lunatics, crazy people
Killing each other
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Where's Mario Cuomo when we need a Mario, you're going to tag your boy from Cecilia
We need you now, sweetheart
We need a leader
We need somebody who's articulate, somebody with a personality, somebody with an IQ
Somebody we can respect, somebody with a brain, somebody whose wife knows how to make a good ball of pasta
That's what we need
Not these boring turd burgers we got runnin' out, got it
Yeah, like that
He's all hard as what I hear
So you never trust a white guy to play the black man sport
22 before 1 at 5, 60 WQA
The sports leader
We should have the leader
Sports radio, 5, 60, Q, A, F
I want to bang you in the butt, honey
To like on ABC, it's who wants to be a white supremacist, millionaire
Okay, here's your question
If you see a black man running down the street, he will be carrying A
An Olympic torch, B
A relay baton, or C
A TV set
What is your anthem?
It's the game show where ordinary right-wing extremists can win millions
To fund the overthrow of the government
Who wants to be a white supremacist, millionaire tonight on ABC
18 to 1 at 5, 60 WQA
I think John Rocker may have had a pointer too when he come right down to it
5, 60, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 60
It isn't that unbelievable
Just unbelievable
that this guy is even a chance that this guy still might be suspended
When the hell are we gonna find out about that very soon I guess
just incredible because the guy is a bigot and he was stupid enough to open up his mouth and
express the way he really feels about stuff huh? Too bad!
Bud Seligman, you're a moron, you're a bubblehead, you're a simpleton, you're a jackass!
And now that they come up, what was the latest one? It was the junior Griffey thing that
bogus deal with Cincinnati because he wants to play with a daddy where daddy used to
play in, where daddy's the coach, about to beat better book and all this other crap.
That's it! Won't be no more baseball games coming on my TV set this year.
Down to hockey, I'm just down to my hockey and you know something that's, that's, uh,
we'll see. Another couple of years I think that's going to be ancient history too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T while I find that, are you hearing the same
music that I'm hearing? No, no. I feel like Carl Wilson only still alive. I can hear
music. Here's a mobile and a four-letter deal, hello?
Yes sir. Yes, Neil. Yes I am. That'll book for you to read about investing. It's called
the Motley Fool's Guide to Investing. I'm going to 38% tax bracket and there's way too many
experts out. Right, there's way too many experts out there to want to, uh, what's the 38% tax
bracket? I don't know, there's a 39 point. I think I might make with my income. I'm basically
paid 38% income tax. There is no such bracket, but anyway. 39.6. Well, very nice. Yeah, but
who are, why argue over a point and a half? Yeah. Anyway, a Motley Fool's Guide to Investing
about two brothers. They talk a lot about the S&P 500. They're not big on mutual funds.
And it's almost everything I have is in bonds and mutual funds. I have no individual stocks
anymore and I'm, I'm psychotic about it. I hate mutual funds. Well, I'll tell you, if you read
about it, if you just took the five top stocks and the S&P 500, yeah, this past, you know, over the
years, they being in a better return to mutual funds. The average mutual fund was 11%. Yeah,
this year's the guile of them. And, uh, that's Motley Fool's. It's an interesting book and you
have to be an MBA and finance to read it. Okay. And they're not promising them. You're going to
make, be a millionaire, but they basically give you good sound advice and they, they, they
talk a lot about getting out of the mutual funds. Good. Okay. That's, that's for me. Thanks a lot.
I'll go on and get it two days. What do you say, Motley crew? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
right? Mary and Motley used to play for the Cleveland Browns big fullback. Mary and Motley. No,
no, auto grand Donnie LaVelle. Anybody that old out there? No. Here on sports talk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on I'm just pounding away here pounding away pounding away with these
numbers. And I'm picking up myself, you know, this, this getter that we got in here, this interim
phone system, this seems to be working fine at least today. I mean, one day doesn't make a
lifetime, but it seems to be working fine one day. And I'm picking up myself. Why did we have to go?
Why did I have to go through all of the stress and the angst and the IBS and the SPS and the SPCA
and a bullshmit of the last year in this room because of the fact that George Corsa was a sim,
is a Simpleton who's an underling, who are shmuckled over there by the name of Bob Bud with the mute.
Which Greg Gareed this morning told me Bob the mute's a major flaming asshole.
So he said he said he smells like Smith. That's what he told me right to my push.
And because of the fact that the beesleys are so cheap, such a bunch of penny pinching pricks,
we've had to put up content with this crap. And you know something,
he doesn't even have to do with cheap. They were afraid of my costume, something. If you,
if somebody puts a system in your office or your business or your home and it's defective,
if it's their equipment, they got to replace it for free. What a concept, but they're paranoid
because, oh, I might across this some money, which we don't have. And boy, I sure wish it wasn't
the quiet period. You have no idea because, uh, yeah, that too. Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, Neil? Yes, I am. Uh, three comments. First of all, the Wall Street Journal
used to have a contest where a monkey threw a dart. The Wall Street Journal is a right wing rag,
but anyway, I agree, but they had a monkey throw the darts at the journal at the beginning of the
year. And we had the top analyst compete against them and the monkey usually won. I believe that.
Secondly, the first six letters in brokerage and broker. And that's what they make you. Right.
And the last thing is the first four letters in analysts are anal, which is what they do.
Brackdom. Yeah. So, uh, I'll tell you one thing. That's what he did to my portfolio, to my
investment, he wrecked him. Absolutely. Tell him. He can't kill him. He took away your grade. Okay,
thank you. You're broke, but you're great. $46,000 on paper in one month.
And this guy that called before, well, what fun it wasn't. I'm telling the right Netherlands
Equal Fund or whatever. He never heard of that. And no matter what I would have said, oh my god. Yeah,
you know, like he knows what that is. Nobody knows what that is. I was just over there. They don't
know what that is. And the Netherlands, they never heard of that. They said, it's not the right
fund. It's a Chinese fund. It's the wrong fund for you, baby, because it's in the toilet. It's in
the crapper. Here, Europe is going through the roof, the DAX and the Futsi. And leave it to the British
to be playing Futsi with each other over there. Although I did meet a very interesting British young man
who's the parents are from the Philippines, but I won't talk about that on the year. Well, I,
maybe tomorrow, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. But you know, it's really always bizarre when you meet
somebody who's ethnically like when you meet Chinese people who speak German, or you go to Germany,
and you meet in Berlin, or you see black people speaking German. It's culture shock. It's like,
like here, you know, if you run into black people in the convenience store, actually speak in English.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, how are you? Great. It's nice to hear from you.
And it's hope, whatever. Listen, now two things. How about the hero? Whatever happened to the
herald as a newspaper and in-depth, investigative journalism? The other day, for example, the Simeon
issue, which I didn't want to mention the name. Oh, but in your time, the new times, all the newspapers,
they all publish all the information. We get nothing for them. Now, that's what the herald is. It's a pile of
things. They really sold out. The second thing is, why do we have to go through the gay rights ordinance
when these are basic constitutional rights that the gay community is entitled to? What is the problem
with that in this community? Because the gay people have to be a scapegoat. I mean, every now and
then it's the Jews, and then it's the blacks. Now it's the Afaz. We have to be a scapegoat.
Oh, but the right wing religious pious people. Oh, believe it. Why? Thank God you're back. And please,
go leave to lie down. Okay. Take care. Okay. We'll buy your box.
I don't think till he dies. Well, I guess he's on the edge. Listen, I'm telling you, if this
phone would ring, this would be okay, even in spite of these people. If we get a respite,
it's too much work to try to make you people say something. March 1st, the two short weeks from now.
What day is that of the week? Twenty-second. What day is going to be? And don't call up people
and have them call in like I told you. Don't ever do that again. Wednesday, two weeks from
today, from tomorrow, whatever. I have no idea what day it is. Two weeks from tomorrow. March
1st will be 24 years. I've been on 24 years on the year in this town. Just had the worst rating
book I've had in years and years and years because all the sports there, I guess, got to die.
It's although they they they hanged it good. I think they're pretty good with that Cecil Collins
craft. I guess a lot of people had a good position for that. You know, he was just looking around,
taking a look. You just want to get his a wick tip. They like that. But and you know,
something who cares. What difference does it make? You know, when you when you're basically doing
something that's obviously dying out anyway, look at Rick and Spud. They can't break a one share.
They're on that station with 50,000 watts. Look at the great Phil Henry with those, you know,
with the Phil Henry tapes. Are you sure? I mean, yeah. And you know something I never thought to
let's look at night seven of midnight when he's on live. But maybe he's doing the number in there.
Persons 2554 seven of midnight. Maybe people's here actually has got some kind of a story on here.
Seven to midnight. I'm looking. I'm looking. Yeah. Tied with us. One from a point eight to a 1.9
tied with QAM. Whatever crap we got at night. Oh, sorry, Ed. The gambling show. So there you go.
People want to listen to Phil Henry. They're listening at nice. They got a 1.9.
Nice going, Eric Pete. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T world of them. What I'm starting to say is that
basically, I mean, you know, I should be the last one to admit this, but I don't care. I don't
really care. I'm not like a fledgling starting up who's got another 20 years to go. This is passe. What
I do is passe. Once upon a time was a lot of fun. We had W snooze. We had ING. We had Zeta. Yeah,
there's a lot of fun. But this is passe. Because nobody here's got anything to say anymore.
The only people that call us on a regular basis are people we don't ever want to hear from again.
You know, the ones I'm talking about like. And yeah, the ones that have pretty much vanished
and then of course, yeah, too. Don't forget. And then the guy with the
****. Here's a mobile in Delray Beach. Hello.
Mobile in Delray Beach. Neil. Yes, sir. Long time first time. All right. Hey, American Century.
I've been with him for about nine or 10 years. Just a slipper. But I'm telling you it's a home run.
Really? Big time. 30 some percent return last year. And I think the guy was right over the last
10 years, filling the 30s. This is the ultra fund. Yeah, I'm in the ultra. All their funds are doing
well. But I mean, the ultra seems to be really doing well. Yeah. Strong numbers. You can't go well.
You can't look at them. All there's too many. Take a couple of good ones and look at them hard.
Now are these are these load funds or these no load? No load. No load.
Slepper like me can't afford load. That's right. Yeah. No loads believe me.
So nobody's good too. I got a little bit with fidelity. Fidelity's been great. I'm on it as it today.
All right. Thanks a lot. Hi buddy. He said no load. Squirt. Squirt. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
0 5 60 on the end. Not if Ken Jenny can have anything to say about it. No loads, baby.
And out of the FCC is going to say, you know, I was thinking I'll let that six weeks. I went through
with my IBS, which I know was terminal. Nobody wants to talk about.
Polymovements and intestines and kiscus anymore. Although a lot of people share that common problem.
Stress by the way. Stress. But here the FCC a bunch of funny studies that nobody ever voted for
by the way. Nobody ever elected them. They're all appointed. And they just arbitrarily sit around
in a room of bunch of these old parts and they just pick and choose what's acceptable and what's
not acceptable. What's in decent. What's not in decent. And as far as this business of
excretory activity, I mean the sex thing we do understand there. A bunch of prudes and obviously
in America, if it's got anything to do with sex or body parts that have to do with sex even
peripherally, it's obscene. You can't say it. You can't do it. You can't think about it.
But excretory activity, what's the one thing?
Besides the air that we breathe, that's the strongest common denominator among all human beings.
Exgrids are not blood. They're different blood types. Maybe they're different pit types. I don't know.
That article you read said there was. That's seriously. Here's something that we all have in common.
No, it's not a wonderful thing. I guess you live in sunrise. You're all
enough. It's a Ohio. It's a great thing. Yeah. That's what my mother says. And she's in Hollywood.
She said, it's great. Yeah. But it's something we share. And the FCC sits up there and they decide,
oh, you can't talk about that on a radio because it's in decent speech. My FN ass is in decent speech.
And the American public is conditioned. What's that this crap?
Because some bunch of assholes up there in Washington sat around and decided what we can talk about
and what we can't talk about because children might hear it. Well, guess what?
Children do it a lot. Infants do it too much.
Oh, but it's indecent. It's disgusting. It brings down the level of dialogue.
It brings down the level of dialogue to reality.
To the real world as opposed to the put your hand over your ear and in tone for the audience
craft, which is their idea of broadcasting, which is nothing but bullshit.
And all my fellow broadcasters out there on you guys would balls the size of ball bearings,
db's, shame on you because this is nothing but a goddamn whore business. That's all it is.
And find it anybody with an original thought or anybody with some balls out there to do something
different. You might as well be looking for a needle in a haystack. And especially now with this
new deal where they got 10 companies that were on the whole goddamn industry.
You don't want to work for these guys because they're a bunch of cheap pricks and they're a bunch
of assholes. They don't, and they make your life miserable. What choice do you got? Go across the
street and work for the guys that are even cheaper and less competent if that's possible.
And that's it because they own every goddamn station in town.
Or of course there's always the other alternative.
You can always go and work for a cocks.
So much db- Can I say that?
Or there's Joe Costello just came in, I guess, to a takeover last hour of the show. We're
going to do an auto racing show today. Well, no, I had four hours on the first day back.
Too much. It's too heavy.
Auto racing, swinging, and Cubans. And what was the other thing you said he talked about?
Religious. Oh, and religion. Yeah, let's pass him religion. God damn it.
1256 at 560 WQM. Amsterdam was great. You know, by the way, there were some really good stuff there.
So I made a good shmit. Want some crack?
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
People exchange all of their presents when they get cupping and she affects no one wants fashion.
Participate one one. Grab your receipts and stand in line to exchange.
Underwear made out of mesh. Just exchange.
New CD from John Tess. Just exchange. Please exchange.
So exchange.
Exchange.
The present. Your mother and larger gave you a month.
They bought you a small but your six with seven.
They got you ball, but you don't like alcohol exchange.
A basket of importer cheese.
Go exchange.
A coffee mug that fed the weed.
When you're changed. Go exchange.
Please exchange.
Yeah, exchange Leo DiCaprio for a real person.
Okay, please they're showing at promo and much music again here and all of a sudden I'm having a
again and I haven't eaten today. I was very good today.
Wasn't I didn't even eat any of the sandwiches from that's because of the stress.
These are the people that put the stress and the BS and the IBS.
These are the wannabeas.
I can't talk about that in 25 days.
I will.
Five six seven.
Oh, and didn't I warn these people might away hearing the building even though I can't talk about.
What is I'm talking about?
I said, don't do it. Don't be suckers. Don't get sucked in.
Of course, who the hell might have talked?
I got that broker that.
What's his name?
Oh, man.
You know how angry you have to be to call some of these voicemail at midnight and just leave a screaming hysterical message.
I mean apoplectic message on their voicemail.
Here's Cooper City. Hello.
Nail. Yes, sir. How the hell are you?
Pretty good. Welcome back.
Listen, I'm kind of like you.
Greek with the investments, but I kind of learned by peck and you know hunting peck.
Hunting pecker, yeah.
Yep. But listen, you know, every reading of the Wade cookbooks.
Wade cooks.
Well, Wade cooks lash books.
He's got some good books out there.
I'm kind of like you.
I blew off, uh, use any investment and uh, I've done very, you know, not, I'm a millionaire,
but I mean, I'm up like, since they 30% in the last year.
Not bad.
And what I do is just hunt around you.
Yeah, yeah, your friends or whatever to me.
Not to give you a pick.
Like people give you advice.
You know, I always just track it on paper first before you, you know, go ahead.
You know, you got your computer.
You can figure it out and deal with it.
But I used to have the mutual funds like yourself.
And what the worst part was is what I'm finding is if you have like, you know,
whatever growth income and like the market takes a dump 200 points, you're out, you know,
two grand, whatever the percentage is, at least I noticed when I'm holding stocks,
if I'm watching that every day, you know, I'm not taking the hits as I was.
So I basically kept two or three good mutual funds, Janus and maybe one fidelity.
And I started loading up on, you know, other stock maybe five or six, but I watch it.
And it not to be greedy, but you know, I kind of go like in and out all the time.
You know, if I think five or six hundred bucks a week, pop it out, put something else.
Top it in, pop it out.
And for you like in gambling, it's kind of like a game.
But you know, you can only stop.
I see it, but it's not, it shouldn't be a game.
Not a game, but what I think it is gambling and the right about that, but it shouldn't be a game.
Well, let's just say I'll give you an example.
Like there was a stock and I'm like a pharmaceutical stock.
It was a $30 last week by 200 shares.
Today it went up to 35, you know, I dump it sort of speak, make you $5, $600, look for something else.
And with the mutual funds, you can't, your handcuff, because a lot of them have, if you deposit,
you got to wait six months or there's a charge to get out.
Right.
You should definitely do it no load at all.
No low funds.
I had two really good mutual funds.
I had the DRIPIS Appreciation Fund, which was doing sensational and has done even much better.
And I also had that AIM Europe Fund, which has gone up from $16 to $20,000,
just a few months.
And I had to get rid of both of them so I could, you know, consolidate.
I could liquidate all of these holdings and put all the money together for the schmuck
that's put all my stuff right now.
And the amount of money that I've lost from getting rid of my great funds and going into these
SEI funds is so staggering that I just, I really would like to take a hatchet and at least chop
his desk up this afternoon.
Well, I do agree with you that, you know, the last call was your saying that,
when people give me a picks like that, they're just in to make their commission or whatever.
And, you know, that's fine, but, you know, it is like, so when you deal with your money and you're
watching it go right out the window that you're working hard for.
But, you know, what I'm just fine is, if you like, you know,
and especially when somebody approaches it with the idea that they're going to be fairly conservative,
because I don't have another 20 years to work, you know.
So you're going to be really conservative and not, you know, go out on a limited
wild stuff and stay away from the tech stocks, which in my opinion is a bad mistake, but nevertheless.
And then to be conservative, what if this guy would have been a
one of the most popular left month?
I would have lost 460 grand instead of 46 grand.
He's just kind of a lunatic of my dealing with here.
Well, you definitely deal with a lot more income now, but I will tell you that, I mean,
I got some money from like, I left the company and they kind of gave it all to me.
I kind of was kind of in a dark.
I started reading some books.
And the last year, I kind of really started picking up a little bit.
And I just go on a computer, you know, maybe once and
an hour to see where things are.
But if I see something starting to slide and I'm up, sort of speak, I'll get rid of it.
And just keep searching for it.
But you're gambling, you know.
It's okay.
Well, you could say it.
Don't say it's not.
Okay, okay.
Okay, so of course, yeah.
But the stock market is always driven by new.
Somebody has a new product, a new thing.
But I will tell you one stock, if you want to watch, it's called Cree.
And...
Calls what?
C-R-E-E.
It's high right now, but it's like, it's got up like 25% in the last two weeks.
Yeah.
It's a great little company.
I'm going to tell you something that'll make you vomit.
Okay.
Somebody gave me Puma.
One was an IPO.
This was a few months ago and opened it.
I could have bought it at four.
The sneaker company, Puma?
Puma.
Athletic wear?
Puma.
Okay.
I'm the...
What the national felony has on the jerseys?
Whatever it is.
I don't even know what the hell it is.
I'm just telling you, Puma is stock.
Okay.
Opened at four, it went up to 142.
Right.
Did I buy it?
No.
Have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, what?
It went from 4 to 142.
Are you ready for that?
So what is that?
30.
30 times if you put in like 30 grand,
it gives you 900 grand back.
Even George could have handled that.
And it would have given them the stiff arm salute here.
I don't know what you're worried about.
The day that I walk out of here,
you'll move right in here and tell me.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Not.
And you better pull up on your sports, mister.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8,
I'll show him.
He'll tell you he's the auto-weight.
You pick especially like golf would be good.
You get your own show in here doing golf.
I think curling.
Curling would be excellent.
Especially at this time.
It gets to know my good friend,
San Rich Merler, the Canadian Curler.
She's the best.
How you doing?
San Rouse is a good, hey.
How about those burning leaves, huh?
I don't want to get started talking about that.
I'll get really depressed.
Boy.
Don't know a good thing when you got to go and do
you there, Bill Waters and Pat Quinn and the Ken Dryden.
You had a good thing going there.
It was a little bit too good, hey?
Start tinkering around, tinking around,
sticking up the joint.
Wendell Clark, Darcy Tucker, all these old hacks,
screw up our great team.
That'll teach you to trade away my voice.
Stevie Sullivan and Mike Johnson, you bastard, you.
The only time in history before the game actually starts,
they're already down to nothing.
That's how bad they are lately.
Eight minutes after one at 5, 60 WQM.
That chapter knows the scores.
Starting in 10th of the last game in.
Week night, only on 4th radio 5, 60 QAM.
Wanna Lonely Pop, little boy?
Get lost, Tucker!
My name is Columba, I got off the plane.
I have for shopping in France to get your money away.
I bought designer clothes, expensive bubbles and jewels.
And you in a fancy, you think,
pack with you.
I tried very hard to smoke all out.
And they would just let me buy.
But I did not get in trouble.
Cause I'm the gardener's wife.
Get some jet-coperience, why do you want to live up my life with special tables?
After all, my husband's brother will soon be
your big data.
I'd like to have a little bit of high-five anything I need
and just one thing more.
I'll reach a risk in family value
when I get fast from the storm.
Two different.
One, two, three.
One, 13 at 5, 60 QAM.
What is this schmutz I'm getting all over myself
and your boy, this is a, um, blue?
Is that what it is?
It's in the gloves.
Ah, from the gloves?
Is it like powdery?
No.
Anyway, here's a fact.
Eight million of these, of course, have been sent out.
Oh, look at this.
He even got the words of the songs
that we were find by the FCC.
David, Kate, and Florida Family Association
writes to one of our sponsors,
this form letter, June 17, 1999.
I'm writing to you this letter
because your company advertises on the
your Roger Show WQM-560,
Radio Station, Miami, Florida,
its broadcast, sexually explicit programs
involving bondage, homosexuality, etc.
I've been close to transcript
and the sample cassette recording
of some of the new Roger Show, etc.
So, and I hope you'll agree
that the Roger's sexually explicit program on QAM
is an inappropriate form
to promote your company's products in good name.
Please call or write us to let us know
if you plan to continue to advertise
during the new Roger Show on WQAM.
I look forward to your response
so I can share your company's position
with our constituency.
Sincerely, David,
he, Kate, and President of the Florida,
what is it, the FF, the Fist,
what is that association?
Here's the response from this businessman,
by the way, it says,
have the little one change the radio dial
and make sure he doesn't find your guns.
Nice going, AirSir.
God bless you.
That's the response they get from all of our responses,
but they keep plugging away.
And the FCC is Tom Jicke points
out into their infinite wisdom,
turning the clock back 100 years,
never coming into the 21st century,
and they never came into the 20th,
so why should they come into this one?
Oh yeah, everything,
we got these dirty things that you're playing
and you're saying this and...
All right, FU,
FU, CC,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got some open lines here.
They have been a real battle the first day back.
That's the way it always is.
A real struggle.
Here's Kendall, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Never been too Amsterdam,
but I'm planning to go this year.
Okay.
Looking forward to it.
Well, I think there's a really neat McDonald's there.
Oh, thank you.
Not censorship.
This is me off.
Yeah.
Without a doubt.
Nobody else gives a crap about it.
Not an audience.
They don't care.
And the ultimate fight against that
with that South Park movie,
have you seen it yet?
No, but I'll tell you that it's
the gigantic over there in Amsterdam.
What a view.
Why it?
You got to see it.
Just for kicks.
Okay.
And listen to me.
I saw the clips from it.
It's worth seeing.
Not too long.
My native season had the foulest...
I got kits from all over the place,
you know, every, you know,
black, white, whatever.
And they had the foulest mouths,
8, 6, 3, 12.
But, you know, these kids accursion like
maniacs.
Oh, yeah.
Did they just fucking care, Nate?
You know, you know, we're getting it from,
but at the same time,
there has to be some kind of
in-between with parents and there.
But what differences do they make
where they're getting from?
Does anybody...
Here we got two more high school kids
got killed in Columbine out there
over the weekend.
Two more kids got shot and killed
and people are worried about words.
Yeah.
Well, they don't really...
And then they found out also this weekend
that the two, the two lunatics
Harrison people,
that they had a thousand times the
bunch of bombs and all the stuff
that they had was unbelievable.
Yeah, they did, yeah.
They didn't blow the whole school up.
They're all the gasoline and that's...
Unbelievable.
And they're worried about words.
Yeah, kids are going to get hurt
by words and by descriptions
of excretory activity.
And now, with the words, don't hurt me.
I mean, but, you know, the kids shouldn't
be screaming around.
I mean, there should be some kind of
at that age at least.
But, yeah, when...
Well, what age were you talking about?
Three or four?
Well, between maybe six, ten,
you know, whatever they are running
around out there, screwing up.
You gotta help, you dad!
Okay, I'm gonna do this.
Listen, Neil, let me ask you also,
I don't see anybody see the,
the Matt Damon movie.
No.
Mr. Ripley?
No, sure.
Okay.
Neil, have you had any feelings with
Marilyn?
No.
I've got a guy's name and phone number
for you that I really trust
and have done very well with
if he'd like to put me off the
year I'll give the George.
Thanks a minute.
Hang on.
Okay, and I'm line six.
Add his Amaral Lynch guy to our
list there.
We got a growing list.
Check the old Johnny Carson TV show,
Who Do You Trust?
I don't know.
I don't know when you're dealing
with your whole life savings.
Who do you, he's on line six?
Who do you hand it over to and say,
okay, just don't lose too much of it.
Try to make me a few bucks.
I'm not looking for 25, 30, 40%.
I don't have unrealistic expectations.
At this stage of my god damn life,
I'd be happy with 10%.
10 stinking percent.
Just don't lose it.
And I got a guy a schmuck.
5, 6, 7, oh man.
I'd like to take a meat ax and just go
into his office this afternoon and just,
you know, no physical harm to him yet.
Not yet.
I'd take another 20,000.
I think that'll do it.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Um, I'd like to talk about radio for a minute.
Tell me does the FCC at anyone
responsible for deregulating the radio?
Yes, yes they are.
Another mark against the media is obvious
by this market with, excuse me, with clear channels.
Are you aware of what's happened
over the last couple of months with the WJNO?
Sure.
Sure.
Every, everything they touch, they destroy.
They're like, it's like a, uh,
search and destroy mission that they're on.
Everything they touch, they turn into,
they make it vanish.
Whatever, whatever you like, that goes away.
Exactly.
And the only good thing that's come out of it
is that when you're listening to a Henry at night,
you can't pick it up on that
abomination 940.
At least you can go to, to 1040 and hear it clearly.
That's the only thing, but everything,
but, but just, it's evidence by all the
time-all casting.
I mean, 940, 1040,
four or five times during the day,
the same program as well.
It's ridiculous.
Incredible.
And, and this is the FCC's idea.
It will, it's like all these mega-miragers
that are going on, you know,
but if this is the same government,
it's all pissed off with Bill Gates,
the same government that talks anti-trust,
anti-trust, but in the meantime,
there's like, I said this before,
I went on vacation and it's,
we've been worse now,
but 20 companies are going to own the whole world.
Right.
I get another thing.
I think the thing-
I used to think that trying to break up
Microsoft was a good thing,
but you realize how many jobs that
that one man has created when he's done.
He's created an industry that's,
that's just made this economy boom.
But I'm not buying Windows 2000.
No, of course not.
I mean, you don't rush out to get it.
I mean, no.
One other thing I wanted to make-
Not like Windows 95 when we were running out in the stores.
It was at 95 or 90,
which was 90.
It was the big one they ran after.
And the 98 was sort of anti-crime.
I can even know what's the better.
95, there were Sten Texas where they put them on sale.
First, they were standing in line
at midnight to buy the damn crap.
Exactly.
I've been meaning to talk to you about this
for a long time.
Way, way back when Unhannibal came out,
the book.
And you got some negative feedback
from some of your listeners.
There's some things in that book
that I just thought you might like to know about
that are kind of ironic relative to you.
And that is that, first of all,
Thomas Harris does live in this area.
He's a resident.
And there's a passage in the book
where it describes Stenable Lecter
flying back to the United States from overseas.
Yeah.
And he disguises as a Canadian tourist.
And he's wearing a hockey jersey.
And the team is the Maple Leaf.
The other thing is there's a passage from his book
where he talks about things that you've mentioned
in some of your shows-
Get lost.
It's a large and in the basket.
Like that, yeah.
What relative to God and man?
And it basically says that
Lecter hadn't been bothered by any considerations of deity
other than to recognize how his own
modest predation pales beside those of God
who is an irony matchless and in wanton malice beyond measure.
And I just thought that maybe-
That's what they say in the Chinese Befeasewes
in wonton malice.
Maybe Thomas Harris is a listener.
Because that's why I generally approach my attack.
Okay, listen, have a great day.
God bless us.
I hate this never.
Look so properly.
I'm a nice candy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Nice tongue action there.
Well, what do you think they call them?
Dick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond 5.
So we can't say Dick on the earth or we can't say Dick.
We can say all these other words.
Let's start, you know, laying it right out there on the line for you
and let's you know what we can say what we can say
in the land of the free.
Free my ass.
Free my big fat F&S.
What?
No, that was that was a plea from what?
That's a plea free my F&S free from the FCC.
From a bunch of censoring,
dottering old assholes that won't let us speak and entertain
like adults.
Everything we do has to be geared toward little children.
Oh, the children might hear it.
The children might see it.
I guarantee you just like that channel 10,
nothing that they're promoting the hot up because it sweeps weak.
The your kids are watching more stuff on the internet right now
than they're ever going to hear on the radio.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Delray Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to you about Phil Schill or what?
Once was Phil Schill.
Are you sure?
Yeah, yeah, I'm sure.
I used to listen to it from nine to 10, you know,
before you came on, I'd never miss your show.
Right, of course.
And I swear for three days in a row,
I heard the same hours.
The same hour that was on the day before they had it on three days in a row.
Oh, brother.
Now, now, now this is like, you know,
I've heard you talk about Boulder.
I never knew he could be such an asshole.
You know, it's like, you know, how can you,
how can you mess up a wet dream?
But he did it, you know?
And I want to tell you something about the stock market.
I don't know much about it.
But when interest rates are starting to creep up just a little bit,
yeah, you should get out.
You should get out and put your money somewhere.
And then when they start to connect.
Like under a mattress?
Under a mattress.
Very in the back door.
That was up 112 points.
Oh, nice.
That's down 78.
Well, we don't care about those tech people because I don't have any of that.
But he's not the sound insensitive, but I don't care.
But if you watch the market now because interest rates are starting to go up a little,
yeah, I mean, it'll spike up and down.
But over over the period of time where the interest rates are going up,
it'll be level.
Yeah.
And if you want to be safe with your money,
just just put it in like an index 500 fund that invests in everything.
And I also want to say something about the John Rocker thing.
All I've heard about is John Rocker, John Rocker, John Rocker.
He's a bad guy.
What about Ray Lewis?
What about Kharouk?
Ray Kharouk, yeah.
These people, murder people.
You don't hear Jackson saying anything about them.
All you hear is about John Rocker, John Rocker, John Rocker.
Did he kill anybody?
He just spoke his mind and he's been castigated for that.
He's been castrated for it, right?
Yeah.
I got one other thing.
He can pitch on my team anytime he wants.
I got one other thing to say to all the black people out there.
Yes.
You're listening to one of the most liberal-minded people
that ever lives, Neil Rogers.
Right.
And I've heard you change and I've changed.
I'm a little emotional about this.
And I've changed over the past year myself.
Yeah.
And what's you, what's you black people?
I'm talking you black people.
You black, you black darkies out there.
Yeah.
What's you alienate people like me and Neil Rogers?
You've lost everything.
You've lost everything.
You've lost everything.
I love him feeling.
The next step is race war, buddy.
And it's been a come to that.
It's going to come to that.
I hate to say it.
Joe Castella, he's a Saturday morning show.
He's going to be having that race war show this Saturday.
Yeah, well, that'd be fun.
OK, come down.
Hey, one more thing.
Yeah, like no idea.
Yes.
Your doctors brought this on you.
By taking your gallbladder out and loading up with antibiotics.
My gallbladder's been out for nine or ten years.
Yeah.
But you can't.
I just sat right.
But I could gallbladder.
Sure, you're right.
Let me let me say it again, because I didn't mention it today.
The book, I believe this, it's like my Bible now.
20 and 30 fat and fiber diet plan by Gabe Merkin and Barry Fox.
It's a paperback yellow cover.
Trust me when I tell you low fat high fiber, it's a miracle.
Yeah, my Bible is the zone.
And I know you're not not for me.
Well, you should sit down and read it again.
That's the kind of path he does.
You eat or good fast.
No, instead of the kind you got to have.
No, have a great day.
All right, bye.
Come down.
5, 6, 7, what do you say about those darky something like that?
No, it's true.
All right, it's a fight that I'm losing.
I'm losing my battle, and especially as much as I love Amsterdam.
And I will live there someday, hopefully, very soon.
But it's just the thing with the roster people, with the drugs.
I mean, it doesn't phase me in the least.
There are all those shops.
It's fun watching the young people go in there.
The smart shop there with the mushrooms and the herb and weed and all the cafes.
It doesn't phase me.
I'm not interested in.
It doesn't appeal to me.
And it doesn't bother me one way or the other.
It has no influence in my life.
But the scumbags, the slime balls, these seeding rotesks, smelly,
smarmy, subhuman cretins wandering up and down the streets there.
Go, crack, go, why not?
Why not?
I'm not interested, man.
Get lost.
Take a hike.
Get a brain.
Anybody can look at you and see you're not a crack user?
26 after one at 560.
Yeah, I look like a real coke guy, don't I?
Yeah.
With this big pupa kangaroo.
I only gain three pounds, by the way.
I'm pretty proud of myself.
That's not bad, after all that I lost.
I'm still under 190 on my friendly scale.
I'm real excited about that.
Ow!
26 after one at 560, the WQM.
Here's our sales and total five to $5.
That I could drop a few days.
Now, if the customers said we didn't fix up for a regular food time,
it did.
Now, if the customers said we didn't fix up for a regular food time,
I got a can of liquid cherries, yo.
Oh, my baby.
Oh, for the conatus, my baby cherries a sheep, who's a tree?
Oh, baby.
Cyanolins, my baby, and me, and me, and me, and me.
There he is, baby.
Very good.
Oh, look at that, that sounds just awful, no.
There's a piece of fish being communal in the game,
Ah, my favorite, the XD.
Ooh.
I'm going to work on that this afternoon. I'm going to take Luca Bratzi and Sonny Santino.
So he'd be good over there.
Here's a call from Boulder Junction with 5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line, open line on the outer townline 877-785-6345.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi. Welcome back.
Thank you.
I was calling because I heard you're talking a little while ago about how you had gone to some discomfort with your stomach problem.
Yeah.
I have a product here that you might be interested in.
It's called Nature Simple Solution. It's a rectal deodorizing lotion.
The rectal deodorizing lotion?
Well, my suggestion is 5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Pompano.
Yeah, hello.
Well, why is everybody so slow today? Is it me or I'm an eye-head of you guys or are you just slow? Yes sir.
Yeah, this is teeny from Pompano.
Yeah, okay, Puyuy.
Go Pompano.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Out of townline 877-785-6345.
Absolutely amazing.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hello, Nail. Yes sir.
I hate to break the news to you, but nobody gives a flying shmit about how much money you've lost.
Yeah.
And next time you come back from Amsterdam.
Uh-huh. See, it's really interesting with the tone and the voice and the hostily.
But the fact is that you're listening. And if nobody cared about it, we wouldn't have had 8 million people already calling it off the air
with names of brokers and all that investment advisors and so on.
So if you don't care, I suggest that it is listened to something else or find a life, but you're not going to do either one.
You're not going to be doing either one.
You're boring. You're ponderous. You're depressing.
877-785-6345.
That's it. And then this is software to maybe we got so many people just like that.
Welcome home.
Yeah, welcome home. That's right. Make sure that you know that you're home.
If you're not interested in what I'm talking about, if nobody in the world cares, then nobody will listen.
I'm looking here at the numbers. We had a bad book.
We're still by a very wide margin, by the way.
Number one, meant 2554.
Because our target demographic was anybody else on the station number one in their demo.
No, no, they were not.
Even though we were going in two different directions since it was the dolphin book to fall book to football, what we want.
But nevertheless, was anybody else on this radio station number one in their demo and any demo in their time slot?
No.
In fact, in meant 2554, is it interesting how the station overall was number four?
Now, we did our part with a 7.4 share, which means probably about an eight between 10 and two.
We did our part to lift up the overall number for the station so that everybody could make that secondary bonus today.
You know, we got for the whole station number. Did we make it? No.
So maybe there are other things that nobody's interested in hearing about.
Okay, sir, like Danny this and Danny that and Jimmy this and Jimmy that's Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny.
Maybe people don't give a crap about that.
Unless they have no lives, unless they're very, very narrow people.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm honored to follow such a great many winners there.
There are a lot of winners calling you today.
But I was spurred to call because I've been over the Amsterdam twice and in the past year I was actually over there from Millennium.
And you're right about what you say.
There are people over there are quite different than here.
No one's uptight. They think Americans are a bunch of uptight assholes.
That's the quote.
Anyway, it's a great city and actually my friends moving over there.
He's selling them, but I don't know if he's selling love, but he's found some hot Amsterdam babe.
And I just went in the way to East Bay when you go over there.
Yeah, hotel.
And hotel? Yeah.
We stayed at the Hilton in Apollo 1.
Have you heard of the Hilton in Apollo 1?
No.
Have you stayed there? No.
Yeah, it's, uh, you're right about the guys on the bridge and the red light district.
All the guys selling the heroin and the coke can ecstasy supposedly.
Very sad. Very, very.
Very sad. I'm getting worse by the minute.
Yeah, it's, uh, it's amazing.
But what's really amazing over there is that everything being illegal or, you know, supposedly.
But it's not legal.
Cocaine is not legal. Heroin is certainly not legal.
No, I'm the hard dog's not legal.
But you know, everything else is everyone is drinking a lot of people are drinking and partying.
Yeah.
The Dutch people are drinking quite a bit.
And you don't see too much violence over there.
Don't see any violence.
I mean, we wrote it from a Lennium and, uh, you know, it was obviously packed and there was hours and hours of fireworks going off.
The Dutch people love the fireworks.
And I didn't see one incident, which is amazing.
I mean, you go to, uh, you go to a dolphin game, you go to a sporting event here.
You see ten fights, you know, in one quarter.
So, what's that tell you?
They save it for their soccer games.
Okay. Have a great day.
Hey, you know, fabulous.
I'll be.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 877 785.
Yeah. Next time you come back from Amsterdam and nobody cares about how much money you're lost and about about and put your listening.
Don't you understand, sir, that if there's anybody out there in the audience that recognizes your voice, they're thinking of themselves.
He's an asshole.
Oh, God.
You're making a conscious choice not only to listen, but for the umpteenth million time to call and give me a lecture.
Do I have a flying interest in your lecture?
No.
Does anybody else in the world care?
No.
No. No.
And what time is your show on by the way, sir?
With all your interesting material, all your great subject matter.
Which I had a fact about the days that I was gone and saying that George was fine, but the colors were grotesque.
So, evidently, even you chased away those handful of pseudo intellectual colors that you had once upon a time allegedly.
What are you accusing me of that?
Just because uh, and just a little bit of the job mom.
Well, you're very uptight about that because Andy lost that asshole call and said at that day that, you know, you bring out those uh, those bright colors.
I'd settle for some pseudo intellectual.
I'd settle for some living and reading people is what I'd settle for.
We've had a few.
Don't want to overdo it on a first day back.
Next time I come back from Amsterdam, I'm going to go to the Chinese buffet.
Yeah, I'm going to go.
So how do you do a remote there?
I'm going to show you how you attack it.
Or we can go to McDonald's and just have a big Mac attack.
How's that sound?
Yeah, you just sneak up on it and then you put in your mouth and you chop on it and the sandwich too.
And then of course, grandma says, okay, I've seen enough.
Do you commit it from behind?
No comment.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I got my strategy.
You stick to yours.
And then Joe Costello's got his.
I love this piece of copy.
It's obvious.
You know, he's always telling somebody's leaving you know and they don't serve their accounts.
We've got with the first team, Joe Rhodes, Jeff DeFarris, and Steve Olsie.
We've been hoarding the six only on the fourth radio, 5, 60, Q-A-M.
Oh, God.
Hello.
I'm Lowry May.
And I'm Bill Pinthard, chairman of the F-6.
We're here to thank all of you for not paying attention to anything we do.
And I'd like to thank you, Mr. May.
For all the women I've had my share of horrors, but you outdid yourself by sending Mariah Carey.
My pleasure, Bill.
Oh, and that doubt bottle of wine.
Yes, left on my car sheet.
Don't mention it, Bill.
Why, without your help, clear channel corporation couldn't have assimilated every radio station in the country.
Now, why not tell everyone the exciting news about the new FCC?
It's kind of hard this way.
You can take your tongue out now.
Well, from this point on, the Communications Act of 1936 is no longer valid.
And the Federal Communications Commission will now be known as Friends of Clear Channel.
But you still can't say do do on the air, right, Bill?
Whatever you say, Mr. May.
Say, how about another one or then satellite?
Certainly.
Oh, say hi to Willie.
What, your mouth, boy.
Okay.
It's 144-560-WDQAM-5670-560-PON-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how's it going?
Great.
Listen, it's funny, first of all, that a guy would call you talking about his racial holy war and, you know, a homosexual Jewish guy is throwing out high on the area nation's most wide list as far as new recruits are going to go.
Anyway, listen, it's also funny that you should be talking about freedom in a country, you know, where if you just turn around and, you know, you were just at somewhere, I think that was a lot freer than we are in most regards.
Yes.
And even if you turn on media from like a country like say Spain, you know, I mean, they sure cut an awful lot in Spanish.
And a lot of nudity, eight, nine o'clock and I ride over the air channels all kinds of nudity and porn, whatever you want to see, it's there.
Right on.
So I'm not quite about the human body and they're not living in the Stone Age.
My question is, I mean, is the more advanced and more, you know, free a country gets, you know, more restricted and I mean, does it protect the rights not to be violated more than it protects the rights to be, you know, free to say whatever you have in want to say.
What does that mean?
What kind of a convoluted questions that, well, what are you getting at?
It means that I think more people are being heard protecting freedom of speech than there are just going ahead and letting people say whatever they want to say on the air.
How are they protecting freedom of speech by not letting us say what we want to say?
Have a great day, sir.
Call me back when you can express yourself.
Wow.
Is that Al Kelly?
Uh-huh.
I'm happy.
5607-0560.
Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Uh, that guy confused me there.
Well, I don't think so.
Welcome home.
I'm just curious.
I know you're in the quiet period, but Hank seems to be able to talk about it all he wants to.
He's been about 15 minutes talking about why is that I got a memo right here from the from the beastlies that we're not allowed to talk about it.
I know under the penalty of death.
Well, they didn't come out and say that it was the beastlies with these like, oh, yeah, you know what's going on in here and whatever hang on to the show and talk to him when he comes on and.
The first 15 minutes of the show yesterday they were a hammering about how he loses money on it already.
Well, let me let me just because it doesn't say not to broadcast.
Let me just read you one thing.
It's is during this time.
The quiet period continues for a period of 25 days from yesterday is pricing.
This is dated February the 11th.
Okay.
So that means into March.
So evidently, either Hank didn't get a copy of this or he didn't read it or just doesn't give a fly and crap, but that's up to him and you will discuss it with him.
Five, six and didn't I warn everybody in this building?
Don't do it.
Did I say that?
Did you do it?
No, I think we're the only two.
Yeah, good.
So at least there's one thing I made a good financial choice.
Now if I can just take care of that the Jew guy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on here is the greatest facts perhaps in the history of the facts machine.
From Ken and Miami Lakes, it says,
Hi Neil, welcome back.
Hope your trip was relaxing and enjoyable.
Too bad you had to come back to this place.
What here comes the cap or why you were away nothing happened.
All right, Ken, nice going there sweetheart.
Yeah.
Why you were away nothing happened and of course that's obvious.
And I always make the same mistake and go away for a long weekend.
I go away on vacation for a nine or ten days and I come back and like you know something monumental something spectacular happened besides this old Abuelas.
I reached into a Leon's pantalones and the book is a little jinger out.
Dinger, whatever it is.
I mean what how could anybody how crude how low what kind of scum do you have to be to be biting a little kid on the tongue to be biting anybody on the tongue for that matter unless they want to be bitten on the tongue.
Are you sure with the tongue that they did.
Maybe they had it backwards.
Yeah, maybe they just wanted to see if his tongue got any bigger and they bid on his yeah maybe that was what it was.
Maybe that's called a Cuban circumcision.
Yeah, that's the way they do it.
If they sure and of course you do realize now that the family priest is going to have to come in to check for teeth marks.
Oh, absolutely.
Father Jose, can you see what they did to me?
Oh, man.
I mean, we're talking about supposedly sane intelligent people here adults and what they did they haven't seen him for two months and they came over here to try to bring him back to daddy.
This wonderful rescue one way or the other they're fighting back and forth these trashy scummy low life 10th world people who surmounted themselves on both sides with the worst scumbag politicians in the history of mankind.
They all deserve each other they should rot in hell.
Rhymes with Mario.
And what do they do they get alone in a room and you wonder why the nun was hanging out outside.
When she spoke out again and why the kid was all disturbed afterward. Yeah.
And I got news for it wasn't just the cell phone she reached dinner and grabbed is what I'm here.
And put back in its proper slot.
Crazy people this absolutely crazy your people by the way every time you know that question your people your people.
I mean from the stone age.
Get that juice lady to call back and that's real tickets.
Hey, I got news for I'll take 50,000 of her at least she ain't going to pull down my zipper and check my.
And by the way sweetheart it's still just as small as it was before the trip.
Only a lot more used.
10 before two at five sixty WQM.
The criminalized plot in Florida just one member won a cigarette and caused memory loss in paranoia just one joint.
We'll drive you to magnet.
It will make you block out your eyeballs just to see what's under the dresser.
The world that you know it will cease to exist.
You will enter alternate realities like being trampled to death by fat and serious Jamaican winning.
In fact some of the books that I'm showing that marijuana causes polio and will make your balls dribble up into tiny little BBs.
Smoking or a lot will make you die.
Really? We gotta believe this. We have to say things like that.
Oh, and the sex is bad too. This message made for by the partners against fun in America.
Okay, one fifty four five sixty QM we got hang coming up in the studio into a clock.
He'll be talking about that thing we can't talk about a couple of hours.
And then we got the booster at six o'clock tonight big fat boob shabby.
Gotta be in here with his little Chris. What's his name? What was your name?
I for it. Can you believe that for just a second? I had a brain fart. I forgot what Chris moron's name was.
With his Chris more blow up doll and then ten o'clock we got Eddie Kaplan.
So let's see four times to the six two and six.
Some with seven.
Extrapulating things here. Okay.
Yeah, we had four we did the better in December.
If we were to take in the October out of that full book, we'd have been just a okay.
But the bottom line is men twenty five fifty four.
The bonus even if that bonehead and bokeh doesn't care if anybody cares if we made the bonus.
We got it and you don't okay asshole.
And probably my bonus for the book will be more than that smuck makes all year so to you okay loser.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Yes, ma'am. Yeah, hi. Two things. Number one.
The stock is very simple. You buy loans so high. Yeah. That's that's that's why you need no.
Yeah, hold on to them until they go back up and you sell them.
If they say hello, just hold on to them. Yeah, you already said that. Okay.
Number two, the reason you're so unhappy is because they should all be everglide.
And there's too many damn people here and we're all congested.
Who said I'm unhappy? Well, you're passionate. I guess it's the same thing.
Passion is the same as unhappy. Yeah, very much.
Okay, well, I'll go out and hook some entities for it.
She must have no Carl Heisen five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless lines.
He still got four minutes to kill here today and boy kill is the operative word.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
Ken in Miami Lakes was right. Nothing new happened while you were gone until a half an hour ago.
Yeah, which is the reason for my call. Okay, get your fart part ready. You're going to need it.
Exactly. Neil, I've been wanting to lose some weight. You farted?
Well, I don't know. Here's a bullet in this gentleman just farting. Big news in South Florida.
No, Neil. It was much worse that it was like your auto accident that you had.
I needed to lose some weight. I don't even eat so I can't do atkins.
So I decided to put my pants. Exactly. Oh my God.
The evidence is right now in a nation's bank bathroom garbage.
Perfect. A great spot for a man. They know they're a Schmidt at nation's bank.
I think they've their little name. You know how you go to pee sometimes. You pee too hard and that's right.
Oh, and that's what happened to you right off the back.
Oh boy. Well, I want to share that and on the final. Yeah, poppile and rain and rain poppile.
I know this rumor has been saying that during the games too, by the way, speaking of a steaming my material, at least he's awake when he says that.
Okay, nice going, Erser. Okay.
There's a guy head a little bit about the problem. Like I said, that's something we all share in common, but the federal government and agency appointed agency, bunch of old parts have sat up there and decided, oh, we can't talk about that. That's disgusting. It's vulgar.
Based based on what and how do you draw the line at what aspect of it is vulgar and what is not is diarrhea vulgar and constipation is not is bloody oozing diarrhea like what's his name?
Oh, by the way, we won't see him no more.
How that golf term, I come up see I noticed that it is we move farther and farther away from back September 24th.
That seems to be like a defining moment of a negative kind of a moment in the history of our existence on this radio station September 24th was the famous OJ golf tournament.
And then just mysteriously in October, we took a bath. We had a month that month in the trend that was unbelievable. Like the whole audience just ran shrieking away. I can't imagine why.
What kind of reminds me that one guy remember he called he said I think everybody should turn the show off because remember that and I said in other words, they should punish me because I work for a bunch of dishonest grave robbers who have no principle and those scruples.
And he said yeah, I said okay.
Here's a mobile in pohoki hello.
Hey, how you doing? They all great. I'm glad I caught I hate to be like the people who always ask you to repeat something, but the name of that book that you use as your Bible now as far as food goes fat and fiber the 2030 diet plan.
You can't miss it because it's a paperback and it's got like a counter with a like a chain attached to the upper left hand corner of the book.
That in fiber the 20 30 what diet plan by gay working in my RK I and in very fox.
That's a high.
Anything to do with like terminal heartburn and indigestion that can be part of it sure.
Man, that's killing me every single thing in the harbor, but anyway, listen, I'm glad you're back. It's been a great show. Thanks.
A great day.
So there you go. December actually became okay, which means you know the next trend which doesn't come out to march to something isn't interesting and mysterious by the way that Arbor trying to seven these problems after he pushing the raise and the trends back.
There was that thing with 8,000 diaries that they found in a while.
