and shit like this.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
I want to see you tonight.
Hey, stop.
The
hockey games last night around ten o'clock i'm flipping around it during every
break uh... during every intermission i would like to flip over to see if
anything had happened
any news
rontana clock i flip over to see an in and i see the other thing on the bottom of
the screen that says
u.s. Supreme Court
sends uh... sends it back to the photo supreme court and uh...
them a paraphrasing but it was something like that
and bring shots undergone pat pat pat pat
and i'm listening to what he said and i'm watching what they're saying and
and uh... john king comes on and listen to what he said
and i get to put my oh yeah nice corner d4
don't play malloc's rhod reggaard's for being greedy and take a two hundred
fifty million dollars
all right and don't even get me started that got so much to cover the
might not even have time for your stupid calls but anyway
but i was i just saying before d for walked in got me all sidetracked he's not
allowed in here
but uh... anyway some watching cnn and obvious to me that they don't know what they
are talking about that but over the msnbc
who have out distance and by fifty million miles during this whole thing
and not even a contest and that there there thing out of bottom of the
screen says there's a handside yesterday the font
the font says
uh... u.s. Supreme Court reverses for the supreme court
says recount on constitutional so somehow
the legal experts in msnbc got a right last night right off the bat this very
confusing kind of alluded uh... fascist conclusion
but the uh... people at cnn it took them an hour and ten minutes before they
even began to understand what that would have happened
in our ten minutes
and then this morning around that talk about the split
they're like showing like a instant replay of seven ten oh one ten twenty
they're showing all the blunders from life that although they're not
admitting they made any blunders and then come to find out that grow got
his information he was watching cnn what does that tell you
hey al time to concede baby it's time to concede
and i don't say that from greed because the fact is that bush getting in
see i'm thinking of myself well okay bush winds and i'm happy about that in
the very least the election was still in fair and square like i told you weeks
ago but at least maybe the market will go up tomorrow
next time fifteen points in the doubt which was up hundred forty three it's up
only seventy seven that's all going away
so not only we got a moron for president and a bunch of fascists
uh... in the supreme court but also we're not even make any money over it
that that this is me off
what that was the whole hockney with trying to go back
a uh... spanish pronunciation issue
restaurant a
oh i'm sorry
so it anyway yeah he there i just to the last of blurb there with the
photos morning like they're true and out the event don't you guys understand
i realize that your budget sports you don't you understand but other than
football it's all over with it's history
it's all over
just like the election it's all over well somebody please explain that to
all it's all over all
although now i see the market going down let's count them again count the
votes what do you say
count them
until you get the right number
it's all over with
with women well how long is it going to be on its edge on their no reaction
from bush until course means in other words it's you go first know you go
first just like when you did a doling court slides Friday
same thing again
hot potato time
was it max potato time with the the sharpers that would it is something like that
got so many damn things going on to play here then the real story
talk about the public getting screwed again and i realize this is nearly
important to a lot of you folks as the election but
panthers may have found a buyer
and i understand it we need to get into the people again this is the reason
that everything's been in limbo he doesn't give a crap about brion marie terry
marie our thermary cat or murry he'll give a crap about any of that or about
you people
because he's busy trying to pedal it but since he's supposed to be smart
when he's supposed to be smart not done like freighter unlike George bush
uh... you have thought i was going to do it this morning if you were going
to sell your house
would you let it just fall apart
would you let it just become dilapidated and look like crap and then try to
find a get the highest price for i don't think that's the way it works
even the article by uh... cera tolay and michael ruso in the sunset this morning
says
a book of resorts at hope to sell the team for a hundred fifty to one hundred
seventy five million
but for the magazine's annual valuations released a small place the teams were
at hundred forty seven million that represents a nine percent decline the
largest in the league from last year and drop in every minute
so nice going away but what really says just like the thing with ronriguez
with all these other jocks
they don't care about the fans anymore
they'll care about you people they don't care how much money you have to pay
to build stadiums and arenas to buy tickets to buy overpriced crappy food
of the concessions they don't care
screw you it's all about them
and you know what i say screw them
that's what i say screw them
take your balls and uh... go ahead oh speaking taken your balls are poor yesterday
about hazing and i see the coach was suspended coconut Greek high school
he got a ten ten day suspension ten what is it ten games ten days whatever
got ten days without pay and they're going to time off in a quarter and
share that the icy blue on his back them
but that's about it
because boys will be boys are poor yesterday hazing is unacceptable behavior
four hundred ninety nine over seventy two percent thank god
stupid but harmless
hundred nineteen seventeen point two percent and just get having fun
seventy two idiots had that about ten percent
of you morons out there
just kids having fun just boys will be boys and want to walk lucky one with
other guys to be this is don't you understand that
you understand it
i think there's anybody you know if you want to be honest with yourself
whether it's college fraternities whether it's the military whether it's
coconut's Greek high school we all know what that is that's a great club you
moron we know what it is
the signal gror response expected later this morning
how much later give us a time just get on there and say game over
tried my best
here's our poll for today let's see who we can let's play the blame game
the audience likes that
we ought to probably put the cubans on their to but i'm not going to do that
they're in whatever it is no they won't
they didn't win the thing yet
go on stop the revolution the republicans to frogs for crying out loud
yeah that's tough
who is most to blame most to blame that's the upper to vote not poll today
who is most blame for go losing the election i'm going to give you let's see
two four six eight choices today
like going to a restaurant with a lot of choices on the menu i like that
algorithm self the state of florida
dumb voters Joe Lieberman
Ralph Nader the u.s. Supreme Court the Florida Supreme Court or
to reach the la poor
well don't you think that she belongs on the poll i should do
i'm not gonna come out with some ethnic group like old Jews in Palm Beach or
Cuban voters i'm not putting that on the poll
there's the eight choices again
algorithm self the state of florida dumb voters
joe Lieberman
Ralph Nader the u.s. Supreme Court the Florida Supreme Court or to reach the
la poor
who is most blame for go losing the selection
and it is no question he did lose it
i mean when you when you're left when you win a popular vote and you lose the
electoral college
you certainly lost it
whatever one to say with stolen not but he put himself in a position
where was close enough he allowed it to be stolen
so well say because basically the game is finally over which i know
disappoints a lot of people out there it's over
and don't please don't insult my intelligence by giving me a song that ends
all the florida and i'm going to tell you who really screwed it up i'm going to
tell you my opinion right now after the break
nine minutes after ten at five sixty wql
no question of the program may be reproduced without the express written
permission of wql and this is broadcast group incorporated and all for the
focus this is the best this just in
an increasingly desperate al Gore call for a recount Wednesday of the u.s.
Supreme Court five before the signal to bush versus Gore case
there is reason to suspect that these votes were not properly counted that five
justices who cited with mr. Bush did not intend to do so
Gore said it is therefore in the best interest of our democracy for the
west of pream court to suspend judgment in this case until we can
absolutely be certain that this court did in fact
and did the rule on mr. Bush's behavior grow out of that if his recount
requested denied he will file an appeal with the interplanetary supreme
court
i'll die
yeah
let me just read that one lot of one sentence
say the float of supreme court really screw this whole deal up twice not once
but twice which shows you how inept not just corrupt but inept the state of
florida is we can't do anything right here keep telling that it's true
first time back before things giving when they said breathlessly all well
guess what not so fast their secretary of bush we're gonna let you recount
about because it be requested a week out in Palm Beach in Dayton Broward and you
guys go ahead and do it
and we'll give it like five minutes to do it or was about five days
including over the Thanksgiving holiday
they gave them an insufficient time when even a child would have known that there's
no way the process could have been completed
so the fact that all these or john provok a to them came a got shipped in by
time delayed at eight county that was just the icing on the cake for uh... you
know
for them to say uh... well uh... we just can't they would lay here just passed out
again and so we can't get it done in time we're gonna quit
if they would have given them ten days
to do it
all the county would have been done a long time ago
then at least we'd have numbers i mean it's still would have been challenged on
the
the equal protection clause of the fourteen the men but all the southern
book right
but at least we know the numbers
so they screwed up there
and then when they came in saturday again breathless we just when we thought it
was our fight a rather friday afternoon
and we had a louis and crock expedition there in the courts in leon county and
uh... lost or i got lost our way
and four o'clock on friday afternoon oh guess what start counting again but
again
and how can it is it possible
for justices on the state supreme court to be so stupid
as to not realize that
whoever they were ruling against was immediately gonna come in with that equal
protection uh... argument
so it's that it's saying all let's count them again what they had to say was
here's the standard for determining the intent of the voter
it has to be equal in all sixty seven counties and if they would have done that
the county would have continued
and would have been a guy number
whether it was right or wrong of course so you can only guess but at least
there'd been a number
the five most conservative justice also said this is an addition of course to
the uh... on constant to the reality of the way that they were counting
the five most conservative justice is the same one through all the other day
just by coincidence of course also said there was not enough time to come up
with a new method for recounting that would stand
constitutional muster
and of course it's the safe harbor deadline was december twelve which just happened
to be yesterday
ten o'clock at night they said oh you got to midnight so come up with a good
standard get all of us together you got two hours
okay to it well guess what it's all over that
that's the way worked all global destination tonight
because there has been some discussion within the gorg camp as to whether he
concedes or whether he suspends or withdraws
his operation here so let's be very careful about that we also don't know
exactly how he's going to be uh...
uh...
all brother
you know something this was a guy who was going to go out with class they kept
saying that
and they were saying again last night they emphasize all you know murder
chrome was on display the other night
talking about this business of the electric changing their minds they've been
putting the full-court press every public and like this and the group people all
you won't have a he's a matter of principle he won't have any party did it with
a domain to do with not accept their votes he discourages it you know anything
you do that
and other still debating whether he's going to consider not
you've got to be kidding me
see this goes back to what i told in the first place
these were four of the worst possible candidates in the history of this
republic
this was a disgrace
whether he's just going to suspend operations in other words well we're just
waiting limbo and see maybe something good will come by
how can you do that
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
oh well i see suspends recount effort of course i want one of my watch and
see an end for i must be a craze i must be a crazy person i must be like John
Henry i must be out of my mind
please let me get on the msnbc these people don't know what they're talking
about they keep putting the wrong information on there
now look at us and msnbc al Gore expected to drop out of the race much can
keep you toward healing a nation deeply divided yeah that's what needs to be
done somebody somebody needs to get a hold of ten turn time up and put icy
blue on his back to private parts you can find any if jane hasn't cut him
off already
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t let me
vote my poll here
let's see who's most of blame
well that's kind of a tough one you know i could say i'll go for himself but
all for the floor to supreme court
here's camera hello
happy holidays man
and you sir happy on a connoel and god bless you always sir
al Gore in two thousand four kind of the rhyme to it now you know you know
that listen to you know that's it
not why we never had anybody brought up a runoff i mean i know there's never
been a runoff with there are no one off elections for presidents there we
don't have runoff i know that nobody ever brought it up because that's not
the way i know that new but with an election so darn close don't you think
sir let me say it again there is no runoff for the president of the united
states and have a nice life
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t what am i
given numbers out here for you people have been all whipped up to a friend you
about this for the last eight million weeks now what am i giving phone
numbers out here
this is the day this is the day to say something
i would think of course uh... well who might want to say
here's a mobile in Miami hello
and they'll i don't okay
i've voted for good
he's you know he should never have lost this election yet a guy
and for sure i was wondering it
the country's never been in better shape
and he can't win the election it looks if anybody thinks that he should run
in two thousand four
they should be shot he's a loser he's a dog
they got to come up with somebody better he lost his election issue never been
close i know amen okay thank you yeah he's uh... he was a terrible candidate
and picking leberman sealed his fate i have kind of a nice ring to it
terrible candidate and he sealed his fate would you leave her
i mean i know that i was going to like uh... you know invite everybody to
lunch in a tree i'd have a couple of hot seed and sit around there
lost every state in the deep south now including florida every single one
all the border states
yeah all the those pickers
and they get in there still trying to figure this out yet he did it all you
intellectuals there in the media but the anti-semitic uh... that that under uh...
current there is never gonna come out in exit polls or any other place
people are gonna come out and announce probably late not too many of them
that they voted against uh... me and i just because he had i've said it too
many times before it wasn't just your ordinary pedestrian garden variety
jiu with somebody who went out of his way to word on his sleeve
he had a he had hollava under one armpit and uh... he was headed was wearing his
tits in between his cheek back down yeah
and people that couldn't handle it
so you combine that with the fact that gores is wouldn't as a cigar store
indian the fact that the debate performances were grotesque best the fact that
every exaggeration he made was like uh... you know made into a big song
that ends by the media he never had a trineman's chance he was pathetic
it was his to lose and he blew it
he blew it what's that is that a holes mental at this yeah sure the free oh i'm
gonna come running in there and get one i should have free oh no
like i said i'll pass
soon here's plantation hello
and you'll yes sir a good morning
uh... i think i'm about uh... your age and sixty years old and like a crazy
pool i retard up in a high up move down here and i start listening to you and i
kept thinking this guy don't know what the hell he's talking about you know what
you do know what you're talking about this place is for screw ball from the idiot
yeah
i want you to most
place your mark to get run over by cars in port water day i right
i did a church ever buying church
hey have a nice day welcome to park a lot now run over you trying to get out
right
the car on front you name it yeah but at least they have a nice day i'm probably
going to place you they do that
everything that you said for the four years i've been here
everybody thinks is bull crap you know what it's a truth i'm so really
correct
and i think it's the top right now the day
for all this garbage or it belongs is to put it down the garbage dispose all
with bush and gore and all the rest of these idiots down here
and maybe i can come back he keeps saying he just won't stop saying it
oh god
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and
Verizon wireless line
now what is this what is this here's a guy that wants to oh yeah
everybody now we don't have people want to help donate to plan period what they
want to do is get free uh
sponsorships for us to plug their business on here whatever it is
and then they're going to donate the the answer is no don't do that it sounds
like our sales department oh speaking of our sales department
nick from next to guards are very close personal friend who loves us and we love
him and for obvious reasons he's a great guy and got a
fantastic business with great products and with us from the day we came on his
station john penis used to be a sales rep but he was smart enough to get out of
this place but at any rate uh he was on a full with
Georgia's morning saying that frank down in sales frank mayor is a major
he's an asshole asshole and he wants a new sales hold on there so i scored
frank you you've you've stored cigars you've faked your way out of the
you've shot yourself in the foot by being such an asshole see guys like frank mayor
think that they can continue being wise guys forever and frank you was probably
getting encouragement from certain people downstairs i don't want to mention
scruand by name because you know stick it to stick it to them stick it to that
nail in George stick it to them you know so what you did was
shot yourself in the foot because it was like easy commission that you were
collecting there inheriting somebody else's account and uh
you're not going to be your account anymore frank you blew it
and then remember last time you walked in with what's your
guard that weren't even from next right that we were to try to uh just to try to
appease us because he stole our crap the good news is yes it looks like you
need the show so much that he's not going to let the sale department come
between us we love him here's a lady in Miami hello
hello me oh yes ma'am hi listen uh uh i disagree with you on the supreme court
on the Florida Supreme Court uh if they had uh
made a decision on how to count the ballots they would have been accused
of legislating by the Supreme Court by the by the nation Supreme Court
so they couldn't do that actually i think the Supreme Court should have been
on the first time gone back to the Florida Supreme Court and tell them you have
to set the standards and that would be the only way well let me ask you this how
about when they give them the extension back uh in november why didn't they give
them a reasonable period of time in which they could have had the votes counted
instead of giving them like four or five days because then they would have
been accused of legislating again you see that no no no they wouldn't because
they were already setting a date it didn't make any difference what the date
was then that's not correct that is not correct but then the whole issue really
is not the date the issue is the standards you see no no i mean they're two
different issues okay if assuming i agreed with you on this last one which
maybe you have a point but but as far as the the initial decision to let them
because they had a right to ask for the recount by law they weren't creating
that at all absolutely but why didn't they give them a reasonable period of time to do it
well you see what happened even if they did the Supreme Court came back and told them hey
you know you you you you legislated by moving the date that's what they did
they accused the Florida Supreme Court they never said that that's what they imply no
no they never said anything about the date
yes that was the first time that was the whole thing about the date no yeah no but anyway i think
it's the Supreme Court who that would be the only way that they would have told at the first time
in addition to which if they would have had the reasonable they no matter what anybody else said
the counting would have gone on and we at least would know what the numbers are
oh well that i agree with well so there's a what would be wrong with that yeah i agree but i
think it was the Supreme Court that should up from the very beginning that give us the standards
and that was the only way the before the Supreme Court could have done it right and the fall
i know but uh-huh and the fall is Theresa LaPore confused uh and confused uh voters who blew it
okay okay got back to America okay let's just saw Al Gore expected to officially concede the
night political divisors but the decision the closest decision being made by Al Gore and his
family i'm gonna tell you Ted Turner is the anti-Christ i'm convinced of that either him or Frank
mayor maybe both maybe Frank lear should be working for Ted Turner what do you think uh not for us
because uh CNN just can't get anything right they just make my skin crawl 26 after 10 at 5 60 WTQ
and i'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if Howard Conning would change
their mind and decide they want to build this facility i will not play here because i will not
have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went
out and did something else
i could still remember they played David's a down
got it
God is man, and just be, seeking fortune is the sun.
He started resting on the second portal we had done.
We had some answers to you, he's gonna pay the end of the place.
Now I'm trying to see what I want done.
Stop the pain.
I heard me right to say it.
I went to a deadlock.
I went to see the censors, when it locks the doors.
It's 100 degrees in that time, but I can't find no fear.
Now I'm on the, and I'm on the, who's not the way.
1032-0552M.
Hey, listen, don't take it personally, but here's a message from me, and I'm sure lots of the fans out there.
You're the son of a bitch.
Exactly.
And please hurry up and sell it soon, fast, before it's too late, although it's probably too late.
Here's a fact. It's a fact of an American flag, and it says that it's from Nancy.
It says, the citizens of today are made to reclaim the visions of the past that still remain.
Do you know what I have to say to that?
What the hell does that mean?
Does anybody have any idea what that means?
Once upon a midnight tree, 100 week and weary.
Yeah.
And how they doing the coconut Greeks, coconut's creek, reek.
566-10560-050560.
CNSNBC has no problem.
Al Gore expected it can see officially tonight, and that's it, and they've suspended the recount committee, and it's all over with Bull Game Over.
But CNN, they just can't get anything right.
And I start getting all bent out of shape here, because I'm listening to them never again.
I don't think I'm ever, I'm going to be programmed, CNN, for my TVs, all of them.
They couldn't get it right if you stuck a Uzi up there.
Yes, they stuck up Candy Crowley's ass.
Of course you'd still have a lot of room, I guess.
Here's a lady, mobile in Western.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, hi, Neil. How are you?
I agree with you on both points that it was Al Gore's race to lose, and that he has no shot in 2004 because of this.
He better not.
But because of that, I'm not so sure that this whole electoral rating that Cuomo came up with is really such a bad idea.
I mean, it's not like anything else that's happened in this election has been fair on the up there.
Very, very, very, very bad idea.
Very bad idea.
Okay, because.
Because it, you know, it's one thing to say to bush people stole the election,
but then it turned around and say, well, guess what?
We're going to go and steal it back.
That's not good for the country.
What do you think the most terrible ramifications of that would be?
I mean, actually, I don't think it would be so far set to think that two are wrecked towards in this nation.
Give it up.
Give it up.
Give it up.
No, absolutely not.
Give it up.
Okay.
Please.
Okay.
I beg you.
Okay.
Turn it loose.
Now, what if two independent people did it on their own?
Give it up.
You think so, huh?
Please.
So shot.
Say you're giving it up.
All right.
I'm giving it up.
All right.
Say it.
That was easy.
All right.
Bad idea.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
I can't tell you too many other things that I believe very strongly.
I'll do the fact that, well, I can do a lot of things.
But this one, I'm sure.
In fact, it says, Al Gore expected to officially concede the night.
Did you got to concede?
You bet.
Because anything less would be an ag-
In addition to which, I mean, how can you be that much for him?
I realize I'm that much against Bush.
But how can you be that much for him?
Like the first guy says,
Oh, Al Gore in 2004 has a ring to it.
Oh, yeah.
A ring.
That's a ring.
Yeah, a ring around the collar.
If the Democratic Party can't do better than Al Gore and Jew Liberland, then guess what?
They should just kind of fold up their tent right now, too.
They should just band.
They should just go out of business.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I think I have your answer on why the floor flipping court set the date that they did.
Because the problem is that they have a protest in the contest period.
And they were trying to find a date where they gave enough time for the contest period to take place.
They would have set the date too late.
But why couldn't they give it another five days?
There's still a bit of time for the contest.
Because Bush would have been, oh, we don't have enough time now to protest all this.
And they would have taken a right back up the Supreme Court and said, they picked a date that they thought they could finish.
Now, Browth finished.
Palm Beach should have finished if they would have, I mean, they came two hours within.
And Miami-Dade stopped counting.
It was very unrealistic over Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
I mean, sure.
Browth worked all through the holiday.
The other counties did not.
They could.
Okay, give them another two or three days because of the circumstances because it was a holiday weekend.
Well, I'm just, I'm just, that's the, I mean, that's the explanation of why they, you know, they're trying to give enough time because...
It was very poorly thought out in their part, very poorly thought out.
Okay, well, I just wanted to make one of the comments about the Supreme Court.
Before this all happened, I remember telling the other friends, well, I'm happy to the Supreme Court because these people are, you know, honest people.
No, they're not their political hacks.
I know, but I was so naive that I was thinking, you know, well, now it's going to be in front of people that are going to be in part.
I'm not going to see the merits of this case and say, you know what, Bush, you're son of a bitch and you've been, you've been attacking all the courts down there to get your vote.
To get the votes not counted and they're going to be counted whether you like it or not.
And they came back and did the total political hacking and that's, that's some of the most disappointing thing.
So that won't survive it.
You won't survive it.
Well, we've taken over, we just got a vote.
Get out there and vote next time.
Just don't bend over.
Okay, pal.
Give us.
Yeah, just don't anybody bend over for four years because.
Back to him.
Yeah.
Because it could be a danger lurking in your behind.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, teen, for as well as one.
How's that pull coming?
Who's the most to blame for go losing the selection?
83 votes so far.
Al Gore himself 26.
I agree with that.
I don't know why voted for the Florida Supreme Court just to be different, I guess.
Sure he has nobody to blame but himself.
He ran a crappy campaign.
He picked the wrong guy for vice president.
He was pretty weak in the debates to say the bet to be generous.
And then he started making up those stories about his dog.
I had diarrhea on the floor, whatever that story was.
Dumb voter 16, Raffinator 12, state of Florida 11, Joe Lieberman 6, US Supreme Court 6,
Teresa LaPore 4.
Well, that's got nice ring to it.
4 for LaPore and the Florida Supreme Court 2.
Let's spread the blame all around.
21 before 11 at 5.
60 WQAM.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 5.
60.
A few.
A.
It's off.
Get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
From a mansion entertainment director Ron Howard presents an all-new holiday classic.
Dr. Soussis, how the gorge stole Christmas.
Mr. Gorge, why is this?
He's stalling the election.
Why?
There's more balance that must be counted, Cindy Lou.
If they're not, I'll just cry.
Lou, Lou.
The sick Democrat lied.
He made up a story as he patted a torch and blamed it all on Governor Bush.
The house on the hill of Mount Crippet is mine.
You see, Cindy Lou.
My right is divine.
He patted the head of the gullible Bruce and he Lou, who is no more than two.
He talked to him bed right back to dad and before he left.
He dimppurred Chad.
You're a mean one.
Mr. Gorge.
You really are a hero.
You're a soulless politician who exhibits cloudy behavior.
You're a mystical.
The three words that best describe you are as follows and I quote big.
You're a cry, baby.
1044-560 W.A.M.
You know, they're motto of seeing an automobile.
We may not get it first, but we sure can't get it right.
I'm just furious with them because I keep getting sucked in by them and listening to this crap.
Well, maybe he's going to concede, but maybe then he's just going around to suspending the recount
and they're going to sit back and hope for something good.
A Christmas present.
Some electors.
Oh, anyway, the copy machine, the fax machine, didn't show the rebel fly behind the American flag on ANSI's fax.
That was the message.
Sorry, Nancy, that we have a crappy fax machine with the best one I could afford.
You know, do it yourself studio.
See, one thing that our morning sports heels don't understand.
I didn't hear their show, of course, as usual, but I heard that last a bit from B-folder.
They don't get it.
See, people don't have to spend money other than buying a radio, I guess, but that comes with your car.
And most people have one in the house.
You can stand close to somebody else's radio.
That's right.
You could go on the beach and listen to somebody else's radio.
Doesn't cost anybody any money to listen to your show B-fold or this show or any other radio show.
And they don't have to build a studio for it.
In fact, even they are beastlies and Greg Reed don't have to build a studio for us and they're quite present.
They didn't do much.
It's free entertainment.
But when these athletes, not only do you have to pay these wild salaries with the ticket prices, but you have to build a new stadiums and no arenas every five minutes.
Everybody has to build a new stadium because the owners can, we can't afford to pay these salaries.
Well, who asked you to pay them?
And so they keep turning to us and then people like Wayne keeps saying, well, we're not going to do anything because I'm trying to get unload this to Turkey.
So I don't care if it's good, bad or indifferent because I'm just trying to get out of it.
I want to pay a lot of.
So just keep spending the money, just keep showing up and subsidizing this crap, this swirl that we keep putting out there for 60 bucks a ticket.
Yeah, look, the question is how many times can you get slapped in the face and keep coming back?
If I had to pay for those tickets, I'd go see one game here.
That's December 30th when the lease play here. That would be it. That would be it. That's all I'd go.
But I don't have to pay for the tickets. In fact, I take great acceptance. The fact that I have to pay for the sodas.
I would sneak in. In fact, I'm going to start trying to do that. Sneaking my own sodas in my jacket.
Yeah, get a diet coke and put it under my jacket. Why the hell not? I don't want to subsidize Wayne High Pinger. That's son of a bitch.
He should hold up. Put a big sign up there. A big billboard in front of the arena saying, hey, guess what? You build us this arena but I still can't make any money.
It's still a turkey. So I screw you people. And by the way, don't forget to buy some crappy food on the way out.
Because I need the money. We're all supposed to feel so sorry for millionaires and billionaires.
And guess what Hank Josh Friedman as much as I hate to defend him? He didn't have a point.
And yes, it is partly about no textbooks in the schools and all these other. It's a question about priorities.
Because there are only so many dollars in the economy. There's only so much money to go around.
And if we can find creative ways to come up with tax schemes to build stadiums and arenas for all these billionaires.
So these spoiled rotten athletes when their jocks drafts can go into play games.
Then certainly some of them can come up with tax schemes to buy textbooks and build new schools.
And take care of things that are supposed to be important. So Hank, you're wrong about that sweetheart.
Wrong hump or that's part of what it is about. Priorities being upside down.
And poor A-rod, he was just in sense. He just couldn't believe that he had only made him that crappy three-year deal.
He was insulted. You know what A-rod? To you, that's what I say. Take your $250 million and stick it up your ass.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Don't sound like that.
Yes sir.
Oh, I just came in late but I heard you were talking about Joe Lieberman the worst running mate.
Absolutely agree. That's what I said before I see. He's going to lose a lot of votes and people aren't going to talk about that.
That was like a death wish. That was a silent negative vote.
By the way, I'm Jewish. I'm a Bush voter but if they would have counted the votes, I still don't know how it would have came out.
But Gors should drop out gracefully but I don't know if he's capable of it.
He'll do it. He'll do it tonight.
Good. Good for everyone.
Okay. Okay, thank you.
Okay, have a good time with Hunter Kimler.
He's Jewish but he voted for Bush and the hair on the back of my neck just stood up big.
Oh, it's bigger than the hair on the back of my neck. Maybe Miriam is around still, do you think?
No, she's gone. I've tried. No.
I'm not talking about permanent. Maybe we can get a barber to come in here and cut my hair just a little.
We talked about it on the air because my barber is no longer Mike.
He's no longer the place where he used to be in here is on vacation for two weeks.
Do you think I need to hear a couple of words?
Yeah, I do. Real bad. Huh?
No, your sideburns are a little crazy.
Maybe I'll just...
So where are our sideburns, any of them?
On your leg.
Right next to Regis is Yellow Ty.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on A, T, and T in Parasimony.
See, maybe the reason that most Americans like that millionaire show is because the questions most of our for morons.
Yeah. Where do you find sideburns generally, usually on a man's body?
What color is Regis's type?
For the same reason they like that show is the same reason somebody even like Bush.
They like dumb.
American don't like smart.
They like dumb.
Who do they like the best in the Godfather?
Don Corleone?
No. Michael?
No.
Sonny?
No.
Frado.
Frado they like the best because he was dumb.
They could relate to him.
Ron Jeremy.
That's who they like.
Do they like Peter North the best?
No.
They like Ron Jeremy, because he's fat, hairy, ugly, and dumb.
They like Ron Jeremy.
See what I'm saying?
They like somebody that they can relate to them so they look at the mirror and say,
Oh yeah, look at that.
I'm just like that pose though.
I'm a moron.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, good morning to you.
When is this?
Thank you for giving me a moment of your time here.
Time's up.
I really lost a lot of prestige for the United States last night.
This vote was basically a coup d'etat without gun.
Right.
I didn't say that.
It was a bloodless coup back on the 8th of November.
I already said that.
This is basically what this was.
And as soon as the Secretary of Bush and the Godfather, as soon as his brother got on the phone,
as soon as his cousin from Fox, as soon as all these people got on the phone on election night,
and told him, don't worry, the fix was in.
Then you knew that we just had a bloodless takeover.
And then, first of all, this Supreme Court never has gone out on the limb
and taken the right side of state's hands.
And I believe in what Ginsburg said that this had never come before the Supreme Court.
No, who said that with the guns big?
No, that's right.
She was the one that said it.
I don't know if I understand what you saying.
The other thing is, I'm a young black meal, college educated.
Yes, sir.
I'm very well.
I mean, I've gotten into the stock market under the Clinton administration.
I've not been to another man.
I'm not a big fan of Jesse Jetson.
Yeah.
But I happen to agree with him 100%.
About what?
About this is basically a dreaded Scott case.
That's what I said when I heard that the season last night.
Dread Scott.
That's what I said.
I mean, this time.
I mean, this time.
I mean, this time.
I mean, this time.
God damn it.
Basically, what they're saying with the dreaded Scott case said that certain people didn't count for anything.
And basically, what they're saying to the voters in the state of Florida, your vote, doesn't count.
Yeah.
See, at least they used to be 350 vote.
Now it's no vote.
That's right.
And as much as I disagree with Jesse Jetson on a lot of things, he's 100% right on this one.
Yeah.
Well, he's a classic example of you.
So there's a strong enough crap up in the year.
Some of it will hit the ground.
Yeah.
The other last thing I wanted to say to you is I basically lost my respect for voting in this country.
Because basically what they said to me that said to me is my vote doesn't mean work the crap.
I'm going to vote one last time.
And that's going to be 2002.
Right.
Me too.
And it's going to be, I'm going to take all my frustrations out on Joe.
Right.
Nice call.
In fact, we're going to start the campaign right now.
The anti-Jembers campaign starts right now.
Anyway, only thing I have to say is I hope we can make it through this period.
Anyway, thank you.
You are a supreme voice for this community and I thank you very much.
Okay.
Hang in there, pal.
All right.
560-560-050560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That asshole over in Fort Myers from that skyline aluminum stop-waste in my fax paper.
We don't, we can't stand you.
We don't want to read your scrawly handwriting stuff but wasting our time and giving us advice on life from over in Fort Myers.
Go buy you, get you a passport somewhere and go like a Mexico and find out what life is really all about.
Okay, that's what really cracks me up about the Yahoo's in this country.
All those nose pickers who live in entry all their lives.
And of course, one thing about Yahoo's, most of them don't get generally too far from home.
That's why their whole existence is so if you part in the expression parochial.
Because all they know about life is like when they're their own little narrow universe.
Like from here to about two blocks up the street.
And that's it.
If somebody would just kidnap them and put them on a plane and just drop them in the middle of the like somewhere, you know.
And hopefully not bring them back.
We'd be doing them a tremendous service and ourselves too.
5.670560, how's that pull up?
133 votes who's to blame most for Al Gore losing this election?
Al Gore himself 54 and that's what I should have voted because that's the correct answer.
I want to clip, I'm sorry.
Al Gore himself 54, wrong answer.
Have you seen that show?
No, no, no.
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with you?
Going out on Friday nights.
With who?
Jackie, Jackie, big German?
Wrong!
Al Gore himself 54, dumb voters 20, Raffnater 16.
See, I'm not buying that.
As much as I, I know, can't do that.
Raffnater should have been a pimple on the, pimple on the, dimple on the ballot.
State of Florida 14, US Supreme Court of 11, Jew Librement 8, Theresa Lapura 8,
and the Florida Supreme Court of only two, including me.
Well, I'm glad somebody voted for them.
Spreading the blame around is always good.
We're here at the QAN.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, now, a couple of interesting co-villages I was on hold about the Jewish guy who voted for Bush.
Oh, well, when is this all going to end?
Yeah, it's been such a trying time for all of us.
You know, you're so right on about so much of what you're bringing to people and hopefully somebody out there is listening.
But there's a silver lining to all of this.
You know, one thing that rings to me is our goal, please, no more.
Right.
No more goal in 2004.
I like that.
Yeah, no, I think, you know, the good thing here is that what's happened is so repulsive that hopefully somewhere, you know,
somewhere along the line, people are going to wake up and say, hey, we've had enough of this.
Gore has shown us what he is, Bush has shown us what he is, the Republican Party has shown us what they are,
fighting over the things, stealing elections, doing all these kind of things.
That's right.
I think maybe public apathy will get shaken up to the point where somewhere along the line, maybe within the next couple of years,
and I don't have the answers.
Third party, I don't know, but something where the public says, like we're brought up the line, said, no, no, not enough.
Not that this crop would tie to the candidates, we'd tie these underqualified, ridiculous people that they're putting up to be put in office,
we'd tie it as a way that the parties try to steal everything and run everything their way.
And as a final thing before I go, A-Rot will get what he deserves because the Texas Rangers will probably want about half the game.
So there'll be the highest paid mediocre team player that hopefully...
Let me just say one thing, if you're going to command a big money, then you have to be able to justify, in other words,
he's got to be able to make that money back.
There's no way that he can make that money back for that franchise. There's no way.
Absolutely.
So I think this is what the public will see, and like you're talking about that, I agree with you, stop going into the game,
stop filtering the money into these people and allowing them to pay these ridiculous salaries.
It's up to the public to boycott the situation, because if they don't have the money, they can't sell the product.
And they're already doing it.
Well, I think, again, it's a shame on us, it's a mistake.
I wouldn't go to a ballgame if you gave me a ticket because I would have to believe that somebody paid for that ticket.
You're like they're sitting home watching the dish to choose from five games, why give these people money?
Absolutely.
If you want to give them money, maybe it'll stop throwing what's going on.
You got it. Thanks a lot.
Happy good day, buddy.
And watching last night, in the Boston DeFleet Center, those yellow seats disguised as the people, or as the other way around,
fans disguised as empty yellow seats, thousands of them.
Then they had the game over there in their long island, the islanders, and there's nobody there, like maybe three, four thousand people in there.
They have an ice problem at the end of the second period, about a 40-minute delay trying to get some ice back on the cement there by the grill,
and by the time they got you with that, maybe there were like 800 people left in that place.
So it's already, even before the last nails in the cuff, and they're already self-destructing.
So who the hell are they kidding?
And somebody faxed me a thing about unicess evoting in Brazil, and how in the Brazilians are light years ahead of us,
and they solved the problems with other corruption and all the more in the elections, by putting in computerized voting.
How do you like that?
In the Benetta Republic of Brazil.
In the Benetta Republic of Brazil.
Even the Brazilians know how to do it better than us. How do you like that?
Portrait 0560 WQAMI, having Port Lauderdale, a Beasley Broadcast Group station, www.quam.com, or the world.
This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped to bits by a finely-honed meat cleaver.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Mmm, brains.
Real food for real people.
It's 11.01 at 5.50. Let's get someone that real food up to George W.
Okay, since he's going to need all he can get.
Here's one of the greatest taxes I ever received.
I'm not going to read it.
Well, no, I mean, cos' not about who's it fall for this, and the Tea Party and Lieberman, the debate's sucka.
It says, um, Hyal to George W. Castro.
Like your show, but your noises make me nauseous.
I'm George.
My noises make George nauseous.
Not this George, but the whoever sent me to fact.
That's the part I like in your fact, George.
I have a nice fan. I'm sorry that my fax is my noises and my fax is making me nauseous.
5.6705.560.560.
Gore expected to officially continue the election tonight.
Life will go on.
We'll survive. We've had other dumb presidents before.
Eight years of prosperity and good times.
Now let's see if this guy can give us as much bad times as Papa did.
Let's see if Cheney, let's.
In fact, Algarantia, Eddie Kay is working on the over-semitters right now for Dick Cheney.
How long does he going to survive this thing?
Why is the Nasdaq down 53 right now?
What did I tell you?
What did I tell you?
This is what's really depressing to me.
I mean, I already saw the news last night.
I'm very upset about it, but I figured, okay, well, it's a very least.
Look for the silver lining.
That's my philosophy.
It's trying to find some good and even the darkest cloud.
Huh?
Like even, even in Franksett, boy, cheer smells good up here.
You know, you always try to find something good, even how depressing everything else might be.
In the Dow, which was up 143 points early, it's up only like 28 now in the Nasdaq down 53 points.
Just to piss me off, that's why.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm like you. I'm also trying to find a positive in all this mess.
Sure, let's look at the bright side, like Monty Python said.
But the one thing that I could come up with, and I'd like to direct this to all the Republican friends that I have out there that think that they're on the winner winning side today,
it's going to be quite enjoyable watching the Republicans run our economy back into the ground.
I mean, I think once we do have Bush's president for four years, we may possibly never have another Republican administration.
It's just ridiculous. These people, they're all caught up in this tax break idea.
Well, it's not going to happen. There will be tax cuts, but not what he was talking about because he doesn't have the Congress to do it for him.
Exactly. It's not going to happen.
And a lot of people, they've been doing real well for the last eight years, and their incomes have doubled and tripled.
And the greed factor has set in, and they don't want to pay their tax.
I'm going to get a real kick out of watching some of these incomes shrink by 50 or 60 percent.
And then we'll see how they feel about getting a tax break.
In the meantime, you think maybe the Democratic Party could come up with a real candidate in the next four years?
I would love to see it, Neil. I think it was two colors ago. The guy made a lot of sense about the apathy, and the fact that people are going to get really sick of this and say, no, Moss.
I had a thought while he was saying that, maybe. And this is, again, looking for something positive.
Maybe we will find a real person who can run for president with some intelligence and some ideas that maybe something good might that'll come from it.
Okay. Cross your fingers and your legs.
Here's another fact from our, it says, the last fact from that asshole over at Skyline and aluminum and four Mars.
How come there's so many assholes in Fort Myers George? Do we have any idea? I think it drips down from the Beasley headquarters in Naples, or a sterile wherever the hell that is.
Huh? Yeah, they're pretty hysterical over there.
It says, listen up, A. Hool, I write this with the marker, so your kindergarten is misspelled.
Kindergarten brain can read it.
Oh, another Army veteran. Oh, boy. Another Army veteran. He must know Sergeant Lucas Skywalker.
So how come is it in love with the deserted? Huh? Why? I don't know what he's in. I'm not going to read it. I don't even know what he writes. He just keeps writing crap.
Quit wasting our facts paper, you jackass over there and four Mars get a life. You idiot. You moron. You simple.
You're a golden. And have a nice holiday. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good morning. When is it, sir? You should know by now that Fort Myers is the asshole capital of Florida.
Is it really? Just ignore everything that comes from that way. Huh? Maybe there is one positive.
Yeah, some day like this morning I was driving and working at this aroma in the air and I knew I didn't do it. I thought, man, it smells like rotten cabbage or something.
The wind must have blown like from straight from the west. It's absolutely. Yeah.
Absolutely. But there might be one positive thing coming on. What is that? Sure. Maybe it'll get enough people off their dead butts in the state of Florida to get out and vote next time.
You think this is going to make people more likely to vote after all of this mess? I'd like to look at the positive things.
That's absolutely. I'm sorry. That's a good question for them all. Yeah. I'd like to look at the positive side of life.
Do no harm and always look at the positive side of things. Right. You know people right now are writing books and are investigating and gathering information for all the crap that's going to hit the fan in the next six months.
And I'm anxiously looking forward to some of the dirt they're going to be digging up and putting in print, putting on TV and the radio.
I'm curious when the hero comes in and they account the ballots in a couple of months, whatever they're going to do that.
What standard are they going to use? Are they going to be counting dimples and pimples and the chads and swinging chads and hanging chat ever in them? Well, what are they going to be doing?
They'll be doing a Republican thing. No, they endorsed Gore. Well, yeah. That's true too. But I've never liked Miami Harrel.
No, I hate the hero, but I'm just telling him. I'm not saying what for any particular purpose, but I'm just curious what standard they're going to use.
Who knows? Only God knows. He knows God. Only you know. Exactly. Meal, I like to thank you for all the good stuff you've been doing on the radio.
Keep it up and also continue with the great shows. Thanks. Thanks, Neil.
Five, six, seven. See, everybody's in a pretty optimistic most of that. Well, now I've talked that woman in some sense back in her.
The one that was hoping for the electors. We look, we don't want to be the thieves.
We don't want to be the thieves. The ones who try to find somebody. I mean, how could you possibly live for the next four years having that happen?
No, he's going to concede tonight. That will be the end of it. Now I realize for some of you, it's just like when the OJ thing finally ended. It's like when Alien finally got on a plane with Poppy and went back home.
These things can't go on forever. I know it kills a lot of good time. And it's sure a lot cheaper than taking up an expensive hobby like stand collecting or something.
But you know, then we have to have closure sooner or later. We have to have closure as in closure fly because people are laughing already.
That's what they say coconut Greek high school. So what are they going to start smirring that's sad on the coaches? He might actually enjoy it.
See this is part of American culture. How dare us sit here and attack all of these, you know, masculine, virile guys like dick and around. I shouldn't have said that. They like dealing around with other guys. They like holding them down and dealing around with their privates and with their asses and paddling and beating them until their cheeks get real red.
That's what they like. That's a gay club you moron. Like I said, that's what they like.
Eight minutes after 11 at 560 WQA. Now they have a great SNM leather bar over there in Amsterdam you might like. It's called a stable master.
Yeah, it's right up the street from the Al Goldstein hangouts. The stable master. What's wrong with it? They got like leather stunts. I'm not into that myself, but Jeff Cohen probably would like it.
And now the red for right martial delays head quarters in Washington. The gym baker singers.
The day.
We're at the dinner and time to do your truck.
Now, tell me.
I am happy.
And I'm a fascist with the team with faith.
Very expressly.
I won't get a little bit of a hug. I'm going to show you what I will.
I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'll be married.
I'll get back to you in here.
Number 13 at 560 WQA. Here's another great fact from my.
It's the same one as the one from George before. Word for word. And at the end it says you're very intelligent.
Sorry, your noises make me nauseous.
Here's a great the facts. Well, it's a great article by marine doubt in the New York Times as always.
And we're actually taking a couple minutes.
Chief Justice Rankway will hear argument now on number 00949.
President-elect Bush and vice president-elect Cheney versus Albert Gourad Jr. at all.
Justice Scalia, Mr. Olson, legal predicate that seems to have slipped your model of mind is that we're constantly triggered if there's a problem with the machinery.
Not in the case of voter error.
Come on Ted, do I have to plead your case for Bush as well as here it?
Justice O'Connor.
Well, Mr. Boys, why can't those minis down on Florida simply follow the instructions for voting for goodness sake?
At the Chevy Chase Club, my friends have been asking me why people are too stupid or too slight to punch our whole through a piece of paper while they even deserve a vote.
Justice Scalia, that's it Sandy, baby, suffrage, muffrage.
Chief Justice Rankway, Mr. Boys, you failed to grasp the concept of equal protection for the conservative justices who want to retire.
I'm 76. Sandy is 70. We started out long ago working our hearts out for very goldwater and were pooped.
My back is killing me. Well, we can't leave until we install a Republican president.
Al Grohwood replaces with that hippie-dippy mario Cuomo or that flower-challery tribe or some minority who actually cares about the rights of the dispossessed.
Justice Ginsburg, Mr. Boys, may I call you David? I love you.
Justice Scalia, Ruthie zip it up. Mr. Boys is surely you've noticed by now. I'm the big brain here.
So I'll explain what should be rest Ipsalakwader, not to mention a priori.
We stopped the vote county because if we did not, Al Groh might have won.
Then I never would have had a chance to be Chief Justice. I put up with so much hockum when they upheld Roe v. Wade when they made all military academies admit women.
I became bitter and marginalized. Never mind Al Gore's due process. What am I doing this process?
Mr. Clark, if I may just as brandize Justice Scalia, I'm Scalia Dimwitt to continue with may look hypocritical if the court's conservative suppressed the will of the people and install a state rights president by federal fiat.
I know I've spent my career fighting against muscular assertions of judicial power, but now I see that judicial tyranny judiciously used can be a good thing.
I don't believe in making laws from the bench, but making presidents that's different.
Hey, whoever said the Constitution is engraved in stone anyhow. Text is important, but so is subtext. Why should I prop up a pathetic poll who vilified Clarence Thomas and me during this campaign?
This court is riddled with conflicts of interest curfews. Why have Ginny is over the Heritage Foundation gathering conservatives resumes for possible appointments and new administration?
My son's a partner at Ted Olson's law firm. Another son just got hired by another law firm working for Bush. But if I rescued myself, there would have been a tie. If I recused myself, there would have been a tie.
And then those radicals on the Florida Supreme Court would have been affirmed and President Gore might have made Ruthie the Chief.
Justice Thomas to himself. If this thing runs long, I'm going to miss trailer park nurses and room servicing on this vice channel.
Justice Stevens. The nobo, delightful, the lovely. Why don't we just devise a standard account of all the votes?
Justice Souter. I know the Bush is our furious at me. That'll teach him to assume that a guy living in a like a monk in an isolated New Hampshire farmhouse is some kind of life, live for your dine nut.
Justice O'Connor. Mr. Boyz, while we're on the subject of irreparable harm, if you're aware that if I signed with you, it could put into the jeopardy and membership of my husband, John and the Bohemian Grove.
He does so enjoy his week of stag-frolicing and drag shows in the California Redwood with President Bush, Cap Weinberger, Bill Buckley, David Rockefeller, and Henry Kissinger.
Chief Justice Renquist. We're dropping in the polls on the question of fairness, but we still need to a point to anoint Bush President. It's best for us.
We'll just have to work harder to hide the truth that we're driven by the same petty human emotions as everybody else in this town and vision, partisanship, political debts, and revenge.
Mr. Clark, how true Chief Justice Holmes.
Cute. Bad reading on my part, but I was trying to go fast. Cute, Maureen Dowd, New York Times.
Here's a call from Westchester. Hello. Westchester is gone. Probably dropped a guiavera.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Hang me on how are you? Okay. Could be doing better myself. Excuse me. I'll drop a name. Excuse me? Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'll drop a name for you who could be a possible presidential candidate for the Democrats in 2004, Robert Torres-Sully. New Jersey Senator.
He's a ten, he's probably got some good connections. He probably does. But anyway, what I wanted to say originally was...
Probably a little bit too liberal for America, though.
Well, he was on the Fox report last night and he was making overtures toward conservatives.
I think he was one of the first guys who came out and called for Gordon to concede. Right.
And he really wasn't 100% behind where during his whole fiasco we just went through.
But I mean, what I really wanted to say was the American people are content with being jerks.
Okay. Yes. I don't think the outrage, especially those who voted for Bush, they don't understand what's going on here or what's happened here.
They should be outraged. Outraged about what? An unelected body has determined who the president of the United States is going to be.
I mean, once for the screw that all up who is going to determine what was the legitimate way to...
How do you legitimize a bogus election? How do you do that?
But see, the thing is, I don't know if it was bogus or not. We...
Sure was. In what way?
In every way. I mean, between the butterfly ballots and between the people who weren't allowed to vote, it was a fixed election. How do you legitimize it?
So you take a look at the ballots.
You...
We take a look at the ballots. We have so many sort of...
Sir, don't you understand. Don't you get it?
That first of all, if they were going to re-examine the ballots, let's say they give them another week.
And they said, forget about that. The Safe Harbor deadline of December 12th.
We'll go at least till Sunday, the December 18th deadline, for certifying the electors.
Okay. We'll give you another few days.
Don't you realize that they would have had to go back to Broward and start all over again, counting those ballots?
Because Broward used a different standard from Bobbi's Broward counted the dimpled ballots.
I don't know if it was...
Now, the state... The state's the photos of Supreme Court would, if they did set a standard, they certainly would never have set a standard where the dimpled ballots could be counted.
You know that.
Okay. But...
You can't vote by... You can't psychically vote your way in. You can't do that.
I understand that.
You can't have a tarot card reader with ballot cards saying, oh, this one looks...
It looks like this was their intent. You can't do that.
But to that goes against... That goes against the very core of the full philosophical underpinnings of the Republican Party.
There are four local rule.
There are...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why are you arguing that? Look, both parties are for whatever is expedient to them at a given time.
That's what they're for.
Just like the Democrats were... Just... They were psychotic.
Or the Republicans ripping the part of the photos of Supreme Court and attacking them because they didn't like the rulings.
Now the US Supreme Court has issued a ruling that the Democrats don't like it. Now they're ripping the US Supreme Court.
You're right.
I mean...
They're doing the same thing the Republicans were doing to the Florida Supreme Court.
The parties are interested in whatever is in their interests.
I understand.
That's what they're interested in. Not you, not me. They're interested in them.
I understand. But the power...
The Court has never before determined the outcome of a president...
Well, they have now.
And that's troubling.
They have now.
And the only reason...
No, no.
The only reason... It's troubling the USer because you fail to understand.
The only reason it came down to this is because the Democratic Party put up a candidate who was capable of winding up in his mess.
This should have been... This should have been a 93 to nothing route.
Well, we know he would have routed Bush and Florida had it not been for Nader.
Oh.
What in God's name was that that I was just talking to? What was that?
I could have had a conversation with my golden retriever who's as deaf as this pen I have in my hand.
And he would have gotten a better response. At least he would have wagged his tail and smiled.
You just don't want to admit it, sir. You just don't want to face it. You don't want to deal with facts.
It's a bogus election. You just... You just witnessed and participated in, as I did, a bogus election.
Get over it. That's it. That's what you got.
In spite of all the propagandizing in spite of all the brainwashing...
That's the American fucking way.
And it's not the first one. Believe me. And living here in South Florida we ought to be getting pretty used to it by now.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay. One thing that you had indicated before was that you didn't understand why the Supreme Court set the time schedule it did.
But I'm not an attorney, but I read the explanation that they sent back to the U.S. Supreme Court yesterday.
And I'll quote what they said in two lines. This court released its original opinion on Tuesday, November 21st, 2000.
The November 26th, 2000 date gave the counties no more time to complete the recount than what they would have had if the division had not forestealled their efforts.
In November 26, 2000, date was not a new deadline quote unquote and has no effect in future elections.
It was simply a date in accordance with the requirements that had been established prior to the election and in order to construe all the provisions of the code as a constant or consistent hold.
So their explanation is logical. And in fact, if you read it, they had a very elegant response.
And I thought having read their response that...
You may find it logical, but the fact is that it was ineffective.
Oh, exactly. I thought it might have had some impact, but it didn't.
Anyway, prior to the election, my view of this whole thing was whoever wins loses.
Because what you have now is you have a situation in which people are very unhappy about what happened.
And I think that the Republicans are in for it in the future because of the fact that they appear to have stolen the election.
But the sad thing is the Supreme Court shot itself in the foot they should have allowed some kind of account regardless how it came out.
And then at least you could have said, okay, they at least have some credibility.
The Supreme Court lost its credibility in what they did.
But anyway, on the article that you read, Mariendow, she thought she was writing hyperbole, but she was actually writing the straight truth.
Yeah, right.
Which is absolutely amazing.
So in any case, my view of what should have been done if they wanted to have a standard, it reminds me of my daughter when she was three years old, knocked off a crystal vase and broke it.
And when we asked her how that happened, she said it did it by itself.
And in effect, what you're having is you're having the Supreme Court and others looking at these chads and saying, oh, well, it couldn't have happened.
It didn't happen. It had, but all these circumstances.
If you take a virgin ballot, there's no mark on it at all.
All you have to do is compare it to a virgin ballot.
If there's any mark on it, then it should count.
If there's two mark on it, then it didn't count.
If there's any mark on it, any mark on it.
Like a thumbnail?
Any mark on it.
It didn't get there by itself.
Yeah.
It didn't get there by itself.
Oh, you're in a dream world.
I understand, but I'm saying that if you want to apply a certain standard.
Well, that's not acceptable.
I understand.
I understand the argument against it.
But I'm just saying you have to have something.
You're saying it like it's fact that if there's any mark on it, you have to accept it.
The answer is no wrong.
Any mark.
Okay, say it again to yourself.
Here's a great fact.
You can't please either side now because I'm telling you the truth and your bunch of emotional cripples won't see it.
And you can't handle the truth.
Schmuck.
The Florida legislature created a voting standard, clear indication of voter intent.
The Florida Supreme Court affirmed it and it's later drooling.
Perhaps it was too general, but they were in a catch-22.
If they defined the standard, they'd be accused of legislating grounds for reversal.
Face reality, the fix was in.
Didn't I just say the fix was in?
But I'm the Schmuck.
Say it again.
No, and in fact, I totally on November the 8th of fix was in.
And obviously, December the 13th, but I'm the Schmuck.
The five fascists picked the next president.
Democracy has been usurped.
The voters will has been pushed aside as about 45,000 to the size of under votes go under uncounted.
Unbelievable.
Bob Butterworth for Florida Governor in 2002.
F.J. Bush.
Bob Butterworth, they won.
How do you like that?
There is a good broad-minded guy.
Yeah, Bob Butterworth.
As if we didn't already have enough bad experience with him in Broward County.
Another fascist, Sheriff.
Yeah, this is a growth person.
You see, you people will never learn your lesson.
And you're talking about fascism?
This is why I'm going to say it again.
Both, and I know most people out there get pissed off too bad because it's the truth.
Both made your political parties below with a capital B.L. They blow.
Bob Butterworth, my fat old, fat-aged Jewish.
Isn't that incredible?
Maybe we can get somebody a little bit more progressive like Ken Jenney in there.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio.
560.
Q.A.M.
Hello, Ralph.
Yeah.
One piece of money.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One piece of money.
This is kind of big.
I got people who are crazy.
People like you.
Yeah.
People I never thought about.
One piece of money.
That's it.
You know what I'm taking.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
If I take a ball of tape.
Yeah.
We would enter.
Limit.
Yes.
It's 8 exhibits.
We've checked four units.
Or there are 653 of these systems.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What's the audience say?
Who's most blamed for gore losing this election?
Al Gore himself, 99, how do you like that?
How to 228?
Dumb voters, 41.
Ralph Nader, 25, they're still clinging onto that.
State of Florida, 19, US Supreme Court, 16.
Jewelie Brumon, 11.
Theresa LaPore, 10.
And the Florida Supreme Court, 7.
Here's Cape Coral, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to talk about this awful thing that's there.
This awful thing.
Right.
I know that Gore doesn't have any charisma,
but as far as being qualified, he is head and shoulders.
Right.
But that's not what elections are in America.
All the money that accrossed and all the TV spots
in the debates, it's a popularity contest to say,
you know, Doug and Pony show.
But he pushed like to use baseball terms
when he referred to that guy as a major league asshole.
Well, I hope all the Bushleakers are happy now
because now they have a Bush league asshole.
I don't like that.
Yeah, that's good.
Bush league asshole, like that.
He's a perfect Bush league asshole.
Excellent.
OK, thank you.
And the guy that calls me to Schmuck,
let me just also point out with your 45,000 on counted votes.
Let me point something out to you, sir.
So as they were counting, like in Dave County,
Gore had not only not picked up any votes in Dave County,
it lost 42 net in Dave County out of the first 4,000
they counted with pimples and dimples
and bobbles and bangles and beads.
Yeah, he was 42 that he lost in Dave County.
So the idea that the fact that you assume automatically,
you know how those 45,000 votes were going to come out.
I hate to break the news to you, but we don't know.
And maybe we will never know.
And maybe the hero will know or some other news organization
will know when they decide to go in and count,
depending on whether they're counting dimples or like
you guys did before.
If there's any mark on there, if you're like,
Blue Year Noah's on there, like, oh yeah,
God forbid something like that was on there.
You got to count that too.
Yeah, you heard the expression when the Schmidt hits the Chad.
Yeah, they got to count those too.
I mean, you know, it's one thing to be partisan,
which I certainly was, mostly from a negative standpoint
about Bush.
But I mean, they have to face reality.
They stole it.
They see politics as a dirty game boys and girls
and they hate to break the news to you.
And the dirty or politicians with the ones who won this time.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I keep hearing people say that now we're
going to get behind the Republican prince.
I'm not.
I think you got to be crazy.
In fact, I would stay as far away from as I can.
Yeah, listen, the Democrats are never going to accept Bush.
Never.
If he takes power by the will of the majority
and the fact of privilege, he'll never be respected.
The Democrats are not going to accept royalty.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
And they're going to fight.
They're going to fight him tooth and nail for what they
consider to be a corruptor.
Well, they're going to give him the same brutal time
that the Republicans gave to me.
No, it's more than 20 years.
Or because he didn't win the election.
Yeah.
So he has no right to be there.
He did not win the popular vote.
And he stole Florida.
And he all he did was stop the counting.
Stop the democratic process.
Yeah.
How can you respect a man like that?
You know, somebody has got to power.
Well, let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
They keep comparing it to a ballgame.
If you were head by like three to two in the middle of the eighth
inning, would you want to stop the game then?
Yeah.
If you knew, if you knew, if you knew, it's not a good game.
Well, if you could find out the commissioner of baseball
who's an asshole anyway, Bud Sealer called him up.
Said, OK, stop the game.
I just ordered it.
You say, OK, great.
Nice ruling.
No, you wouldn't.
It wouldn't be a valid game.
They don't care whether it's valid.
I know.
And that's a problem.
You know, if you understand it, sir, they stole it.
He is an illegitimate president.
He's illegitimate.
That's it.
Government by the people.
She'll not vanish from the earth.
That's what we have to fight for.
It's government.
It's power to the people.
And that's where power should reside.
Not into the free course.
Look.
OK.
OK.
Oh, cutting my upside!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT.
That last guy thought he was going to have a stroke or maybe just start stroking it or
maybe he already was.
Just calm down.
Will you please just calm down.
I've been trying to alert you to the fact that they stole it fair and square for over
a month now and you just don't want to get it.
You don't want to understand it.
It's a horse ball system.
It's a badly flawed voting system from the Stone Age with punch card ballots and what
he's oversees absentee ballots from the Enemysvilts that came in from interplanetary
male service.
Who don't know where they came from?
How many fixed elections do you have to live through before you find to be able to understand
it?
It's corrupt, baby.
It's not about you.
It's not about me.
It's about them.
All but the Supreme Court and the media on here, oh yeah, well the public really will
trust the Supreme Court.
They really believe you.
No word yet.
I want George W. Will address the nation.
Oh, look at that.
He's drooling.
He's drooling right now.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look again.
There he is like the deer in the headlights like the art, the art of walking the headlights.
Wow.
He's saying I can't believe it.
They told me we're going to make this happen.
I still can't believe it.
A moron like me.
I mean, it was one thing to get him through Yale, but this.
Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Yeah.
It's all about the money, baby.
Show me the money, man.
That's it.
That's what E.W.
said.
I out.
Well, we've got a shove down our throat.
People are the face of facts that this is how it is in America.
Just to back it and enjoy it.
Yeah.
Well, we've been enjoying it since Mr. Reagan was in there.
Well, we survived that.
Well, we did.
It's a ride for you.
We'll pop a bush.
We'll probably survive this, too, but it won't be prosperous.
Well, good luck to you, sir.
You were talking about a popularity contest.
And if you remember where Mr. Carter was present and tried to rescue the.
Hostages in Iran, yes.
Exactly.
And then Mr. Reagan was voted in right after that when it failed.
Yeah.
So it goes to show you.
It's a popularity contest who ever blows the most smoke.
Well, thank God the Democratic Party keeps coming up with those great candidates like
Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale and Michael Ducakis and Albert Gore and Julie Berman.
Thank God for the Democratic Party.
That's what the Republican does, man.
Twenty one before noon at five sixty WQA.
Oh, my God.
If you play over again, I'm going to.
I believe poor as well as the rich women and men alike citizens of every race, create
and color all are equal.
They are equal.
That is so long as all of their votes.
Choose me.
If the people do not in the end choose me, I would then commit to contest this inaccurate
and incomplete count in order to ensure they choose me.
This is from America recount after recount God bless America.
Eight minutes a little bit of time to contest in peace.
Eighteen to a noon at five sixty WQA.
Hey, Robert, we'll be here at two o'clock, Vokshaw, be at six.
Panther preview, baby.
We have it at a clock tonight and the game is at seven thirty.
The panthers at the Red Wings.
Wow, that could be really, really ugly.
And then AK after the hockey game.
But of course, don't worry because the panthers can lose like the next many, many games
in the row and their jobs are safe there.
Everybody because Wayne is trying to unload the team.
That's the real story.
I mean, why don't they just come out and say that?
Just keep showing up and of course all your suckers that bought the season tickets
that were going to give you any money back.
No.
Give you a rebate.
No.
We're going to give you our foot up your neck, though.
Correct.
That's what we're going to give you.
And they do.
And these people just can't understand all those empty seats and matter.
People aren't coming back and why people aren't renewing.
I'm not just talking about the panthers.
I'm talking about professional sports in general.
It's dying over here.
Other than professional football, which they, uh, between their television contracts and
the salary caps and a lot of other things that they had going for them, they finally figured
out how to do it right.
But other than that, the NFL, other than that, you can take professional sports.
It's all dying over here.
Which of course, on the sports station, it's, well, what can I say?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Now, yes, sir, president elect George W. Bush.
Okay.
You big, Marie Kong.
Marie Kong.
Singapagul.
Marie Kong.
You saw you.
Hello.
What was that?
I thought I smelled it one of yours.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
560, 7, 0, 560, 0, 560 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line. So what that's fixated, best to make cool or something like that?
So we got the brutal, oh, we got on. Here's the lady in Fort Myers, hello?
Hey Neil. Yes ma'am.
You know, if anybody out there thought with bush running this was going to be a fair process, you're stupid, and you deserve to be duped.
I don't know, I can't believe that this country is full of that much stupidity. I mean, I can't believe it.
Well take a look at the candidates we just had running for President Vice President, that should tell you.
You know, the people that were passionate about getting the votes counted by hand, it's like basically we've been fighting for our right and just what we lost.
And you know, that's the American way. You know, why are people so ignorant to the fact that we're totally brainwashed here?
You know, and it's, I don't know, you got to protect yourself. I think that's what it is. You got to protect yourself against that kind of stuff.
I think you got to put yourself in.
That's eating shite and saying it tastes good.
Right, exactly.
I'm just so fed up.
Well, you got to put that out.
I'm just lucky I didn't live here when bush was in.
Yeah.
You know, I'm not that lucky this time.
We'll survive it.
I hope.
Get in that lock box. I'll let you know what it's safe to come out.
Thank you.
Bye.
Yeah, we got all going to a lock box.
Although I never did like locks even with my bagels.
Whoa, look at all the faxes coming in here.
Look at that.
Looks like W.
Finally stole it.
May God help us.
May God bless us all.
Yeah, it says here say to that live.
I'll be fun to watch again.
That's true.
In fact, you got four years ago.
Better make that Clinton stuff pale to win significance.
Here's the call from Syracuse.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you knew.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm just calling to tell you something.
I'm trying to form you something.
Might not already put me while I get your 800 number.
I was calling all over the place.
I called easily and so forth.
I need a grant computer.
Uh-huh.
The reason the Supreme Court possibly might have rendered
a opus decisions because their holiday
begins, uh, began yesterday.
Holiday throughout the off.
So what are you talking about?
Supreme court.
Yeah, you were Supreme Court.
Well, they were in a hurry to be off.
They were supposed to be off yesterday.
Uh-huh.
You know, that doesn't, uh,
why, what am I talking about?
What's that color?
That in fact, I was just going to ask you that.
Thank you for saving the energy of asking.
What are you talking about?
Like, in other words, you think they should have taken
a little bit more time?
Is that it?
Yes.
What?
Like how much more time, like, so maybe January 21st
would have been good?
No, it wasn't a thought of decision.
Yeah.
I believe you said that yourself.
I said what?
You said they were, uh, it wasn't thought out.
There were a lot of, uh,
briefs.
It didn't have to be thought out.
Okay.
The, the seven to two part about the,
about the, uh, the, the equal protection
out of the 14th Amendment, all that's bullcrap.
That was just window dressing.
They had to come up with some part of it.
That wasn't so partisan so that it might be a,
a palatable or acceptable, which it was not sure.
It was still five to four.
There was nothing to think about.
For sure.
Five to four, the same five Nazis
that voted last week, the same five.
Don't call me again and waste my time
on our, our expensive out of townlines, sir.
We're paying by the second.
And Greg, we need to happy about it.
Only $50.
God, well, what was that?
It's bad enough we have to talk to people
over the age of 100 from down here,
but some old cross-deafart in Syracuse.
God, wait until Governor Pataki finds out about him.
And by the way, Governor Pataki,
go back where you came from.
We don't need you and Mark Grupal
out here from Montana.
Rasko?
No, Rasko.
What is his name?
Rasko?
It's both Raskot, but it's pronounced Rasko.
See, he don't even out in order for Rasko's name.
He's such a moron.
Frog name.
And he's going to be Secretary at Defense.
Not Secretary of Defense, but Secretary at Defense.
You saw the ranch down there.
You see all those enemies around by the fence?
Defense right by Yellowstone where they shoot the buffaloes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
That's what I said last night when I heard the news.
I was shoot.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Y.
I won't finish the rest.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Leo?
Yes, sir.
Bush may try to keep covering up the alcoholism
and the cocaine use.
That abortion scandal comes out.
The shop might hit the farm.
Yeah, then we got Dick Cheney.
We got a guy with a weak ticker man
who may crumble in a second.
Yeah, that who comes next, the speaker?
Yeah, I think Mr. Speaker, I think Kipponeal.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, let's put Kipponeal's body in there.
What do you say is spying on the drum?
Come on.
Oh, wait a minute.
One second.
This is perfect.
Every once in a while you fall into a bucket of crap.
One moment, please.
Put some crap on here for a second.
Put the place on that music.
Just breathe.
Okay, that's enough.
There we go.
The new president, folks.
Patrick McKinney, an Irishman of notes.
He went to a butcher that he bought in South West Goat.
Says he filled with goats and milk.
I ain't saying to have me fill.
I hate you.
But when he brought his man he home he comes to the table.
So I'm from the lady that live in Killa Loan.
The region where in the hospital place they're grinding juice to death.
You know, the guy that called yesterday about term limits.
He was absolutely correct.
Two years and out.
Get lost.
These political empire builders, they got to go.
They have got to go.
Just like high, just like college football coaches, they got to go.
Give my limit.
Two years, four years, five years.
Bring somebody else in.
You're out.
Go get a real job.
All these drunken, these thieves,
these scoundrels,
these assholes that are raping the public.
Spending our tax money like it's coming out of a feroar faucet somewhere.
Time for a goddamn rave illusion in this country is what it's freaking time for.
Anybody believe in it?
No.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, do I need?
I'm doing okay.
I want to thank the Republicans for one thing they gave us a great excuse not to serve
during duty anymore.
I cannot determine the intent.
Yeah.
Well, they said they can't determine intent of a ballot.
People determine the intent.
Every day of the year when they go to court.
I mean, I can't determine the intent of a murder.
I can't determine the intent.
You know, that's all you're doing is to be done.
You know, we have that new brain finger print machine.
We won't have to do that anymore.
We can just read people's minds.
Or we get the Tiro card reader in there instead.
I also have Katherine and I were still in the ambassador ship.
I would write a bad thing in this state.
I hope they give her the ambassador ships to the middle of the country.
To the moon.
Have a look at it.
I was going to win the auction.
Yeah.
Maybe she can be up there with Alice.
At the moon.
As a matter of fact, you know what we're good place for?
Cockle.
That would be good.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pont 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
The busty secretary of Bush.
Wouldn't it be great?
I mean, we already found that the older was the oldest, the younger son,
the younger jet bush son, not the American, not George P,
but whoever they have the, Jim Jr.
banging that chicken to car outside the shopping mall up there in telehancey
and broad daylight.
Remember that a couple of weeks ago?
Yeah.
Maybe Jeb and the secretary of Bush can do the same thing right up there in front of the legislature.
Because what's already just happened to us is about as pornographic as it gets.
And wasn't it Chief Justice Warren Boomer years ago who says,
I can't define pornography, but I know what I see it.
And guess what, ladies and gentlemen, we just seen it.
We've seen it.
We smelled it.
We heard it.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Stick it up your ass, two lips.
56670560, pound 560 on the ATT line.
Out of town line, 8777856345.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I guess I'm going to have to get a life now.
I've never, you know, called a radio show before all of this started.
And I think the main reason that I kept on and on and on with this story is
this Supreme Court.
And when I heard Scalia the first time,
my heart just ran cold.
It was like, oh my God, if we have two or three more of them of him,
we are in trouble.
It's a lie.
I am not.
But not see.
Yeah.
Sure.
Sure.
I mean, well, I thank you.
And I'd like to say that of all of it.
That's the part that really concerns me the most for our country.
We'll make it.
All right.
Thank you.
Bye.
Thank you.
You love it.
Good.
It's good for your aballs.
Yeah, keep.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 8th.
TNT.
What I was wondering.
I'll say it again.
All your bush flickers out there.
Hope you have a wonderful life with Pat Robertson and Wajiri Falwell and with Tom Delay
and with Trent Lott and with Storm Thurman and with Jesse Helms and with all your
right wing Cuban friends.
I hope you have a wonderful life together, including that Maracona call before that
Bougar Ron who is still rolling from what I hear.
This is 5, 60 QAF.
4 3DO 560 WQAM by Emmy Fort Lauderdale.
A B-SHA broadcast group station.
WQAM.com for the world.
If I think down my head on the George Bush.
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
Yes, George Bush Jr.
is a B-SHA.
All right.
Are you sure?
Hey, George Bush Jr.
Where's your ass?
She's low.
Are you afraid that you'll find out that you've been low class?
You were average college kid at Token party.
And you can teach what possession are struck.
But I'll switch between you.
You can hire a judge.
You can donate tax lending and the big hedge funds.
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
George Jr. is a B-SHA.
What's going on?
What's going on?
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
What's going on?
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
What's going on?
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
George Jr. is a B-SHA.
George Bush Jr. is a B-SHA.
Come on.
I just think the new president who's going to be inaugurated
in just a couple of weeks,
does he think he deserves more respect than that?
No.
Here's the facts again,
proving that you can't please anybody out there.
That's right, Neil.
Only the Democrats are smart, honest,
law-abiding,
and all the other wonderful compliments
we can muster up today.
If I said that Democrats are lawful
and about wonderful,
have it I said eight million times today
that both parties suck
and that Democrats are the ones responsible
for running all these crappy candidates,
did I say that?
It goes on to say,
if the tables were turned,
the actions and responses wouldn't be any different.
I'm a Republican and proud of it
and voted for Gore,
but I'm so sick and tired of the mentality
of the people of the Coliore Show
over the last several weeks,
especially today.
If you think these people are the intelligent voters
of this community,
you're sadly mistaken.
The Republicans are not all hateful people.
You talk about hate.
What the hell do you think your show represents today?
I'm trying to think of the hate we had.
I got that one that Boogaton
that was calling in,
and then the other guy who would
hit and run our artist
was saying,
even though what the hell he said,
those are the only two hate calls I can recall.
No, you're right, sir.
Republicans are not all hateful people.
Just most.
Just most.
And the people will get sucked
into the Woodhardt too naive.
To understand what the Republican Party
has become and what it's really all about.
This is not new, but it's cute.
Old but cute.
Secretary of Bush will be the ambassador to Chad.
And that would be a good place for.
Sure, if he'll catch anything over there.
How is that poll coming along?
Al Gore will be speaking to the country
9 o'clock tonight to concede.
I lost a stole appearance
where have a great life.
I'm going now.
That's what that's just going to say.
You know what you'll be,
but what's going to say?
Oi.
Oh, he's right.
He's going back to the Senate.
See he covered his ass.
He knew the fix was in.
He said something about,
I don't think this election is kosher.
Here's a mobile and camera.
Hello.
Neil, I don't understand why the Democrats
are so up in arms over this.
When George Bush is going to
nominate the first black
secretary of state.
And cheap of staff.
What does that have to do with anything?
Well, no, let's get over it.
Let's get behind that.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Seems to me that JC Watt
from Oklahoma.
He's a black too, isn't he?
I'm not sure.
Oh, well, go check it out.
You moron.
You jackass.
You're not sure.
He says black is the ace of spade
and he's a right wing pizza crap.
So just because of somebody's skin color
we're supposed to be happy about that.
You idiot.
You simpleton.
You in the end of fall.
You Republican.
56670560.
560.
So you know, hey, didn't this show today?
I'm not sure.
Oh, maybe I'll check again.
Maybe I'll look at him again.
Plus he's a former football player for
Christ's.
You ought to know that.
That's the least you ought to know.
Something about jockstrap.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I knew it was Bobby Hyman.
Hi, Bobby.
I, you know, I was so muddy with this
election.
But I made a phone call to the Supreme
Court.
I thought you were so pissed.
I'd sanded the economy saying that
we're kind of voters of these that
don't know how to vote.
In the meantime, I've been voting for
40 years.
Nobody ever told me to clean the back of
my ballot.
Yeah.
Has anybody ever told you that?
No, nobody ever told me to scrape my
beds.
I mean, it's talking about that.
About cleaning off the back of your
ballot.
So I let them brow it.
In fact, I hear that scraping your
chair and brow it is illegal.
That's what you're of Jenny said.
Really.
Yeah.
Anyway, I call the Supreme Court.
I was going to try to get her email.
And they were in still in session.
But anyway, the other thing was
last night or this morning, I started
thinking about how no lawyer,
nobody that seemed to be a specialist
for us at the United States Supreme
Court would ever take this or even hear it.
And then when you start thinking about
they immediately ran to the US Supreme
Court.
And a year ago, Bush Jr.
made a comment that the two people
on the Supreme Court that he liked was
Clarence Thomas and Scalia.
Tony Scalia.
Scalia's son is waiting.
We know that Bobby.
It's old news.
It's old news.
Yeah, but I know.
I can't seem to get out.
It's so horrible when you think maybe it was
a setup.
Yeah.
I mean, I hate to think that way.
You think maybe it was a setup.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just trying to sink in now.
Yeah, just hit me.
Would you believe it?
I know how I think.
We'll survive Bobby.
Just calm down.
Take two and call me in the morning.
OK.
Bye, bye.
Goodbye.
Wow.
A little bit whipped up to a frenzy.
Oh my god.
Just calm down.
We lived through Gerald Ford.
We lived through Dick Nixon.
We lived through Reagan.
We lived through Jimmy Carter.
We lived through a whole bunch of
bubbling in the 80s.
If eight years of white ice now and all that
interest he had in World Affairs.
And John Foster Dallas.
Just calm down.
Wait, these people get all whipped up
into a frenzy like it was all that
important.
Like we had some great choice here.
Like we just had some phenomenal
exercise in democracy, which we did not.
We just had a regular election.
Now what?
What's next?
Ventions.
Am I going to have to dump you again today?
I didn't show anything.
Here's a mobile and call spring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing today?
OK.
Listen, joining it I've gotten out of this is
that I have a real need to start
getting involved in politics as a whole now
because of what I've witnessed now.
Is it all right?
Yeah, I mean, I've been as a whole.
How much is it that you had to judge?
Yeah, the judge.
I voted for the first time in a long time
this election thinking that I might have
something to say about it.
You know, one man, one vote kind of thing.
Only to watch it be stolen away.
The only thing I can think of is that it's
time for another Thomas Payne Common Sense 2001.
And the first thing I think that needs to happen is
that the media needs to get pushed out of
the electoral process completely other than
as an objective observer.
Oh, objective observer?
When's that going to start?
Yeah, I know.
Not in my lifetime.
But at least we can try.
The people that see it and are still
trying to figure out what that decision meant last night.
They still haven't got her right.
Well, the most hilarious thing I thought about
the whole election process is the night
that it was all going on.
Not one of the network TV state news stations
could come up with a vote tally that was
similar to the next network news station.
I mean, none of them were in concert with each other.
Yeah.
They didn't have their right numbers.
They didn't know what was going on.
You know, the declaring, you know, like you've
spent saying, declaring a Florida before
happened, which everybody knows was a set up.
If this doesn't spawn the American public
out of their apathy and start getting
them more involved in it, it's going to do one or two things.
The leader did what you do.
What you just said or it's going to drive them back into
a cocoon.
Yeah, I love it.
Because this country we have a lot of potential.
And if we allow this to happen, it's just like we
it's like we never had a revolution in the first place.
We've just coordinated another king.
Okay, I'll see you at the Tea Party.
Excellent.
Five.
Five six seven oh five sixty,
pond five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio.
Five sixty.
You have half.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
Every week on CBS, exciting adventures unfold on chat.
But this week you will see something that's
sure to bring the level of excitement to an even higher
paper pitch.
It's Jag.
Rudy on deck.
Rudy.
The seventy two year old former seal from Survivor makes his
network acting debut in Jag in a move.
Sure to post the rating.
You will favor Jag.
Rudy on deck.
Let you see what it's like when an ill tempered old man comes
face to face with Catherine Bell and her other female co-stars.
Watching the way they walk around him hand in hand.
Haven't thought about waiting.
He's been from Survivor as he finds out what it's like in the
old you don't ask don't tell.
Maybe I got all my way past me body who was wakey out to see
a weird around fair ass half of the time.
For one thing.
Watch as we'll be in post-dark David James got me a bond
during a long sea voyage.
Not in all the sexual way that's for sure.
If the ratings go up,
will Rudy become a regular cast member on the
leg?
It could happen if the head and he brings for
one thing bigger than the spring to do it.
And J with a J only on CBA.
Anyok.
Exactly.
1213 at 560 WQAM.
Here's the fact it says speaking of George W's dad.
Can you imagine George W sitting in dinner with other world
leaders W wondering to themselves if his dad
tuked all over the Japanese.
What's his son going to do to us?
Yeah.
Hey, they'll have a rip start in good time no matter where he is.
Just point him in the right direction.
567O.
In fact, they said the headlust is going to be traveling
all over the world again in education.
Very soon after he gets inaugurated he'll be taken to
powder.
Who knows where I'll be going.
And then of course that dick a chaining.
Wow.
Dick rhymes with tick as in tick tick tick.
You can just hear the heartbeat.
Can you hear it?
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey Neil, I'm the first time caller.
All right.
The first thing you know I think about this election I think the word
should be hypocrisy.
You know, you got bush when he was covered out in
Texas and he signed a law saying that recounts would be okay.
As a matter of fact, you know, there were sand last night to make it.
This is like really rubbing the salt in our wounds.
If we had the same law in Florida that they have in Texas
dealing with recounts that we wouldn't have had any of the
Supreme Court stuff last night that would they would
have done it because the law in Texas specifically says what the
constitutes a valid that which includes dipoles and pimples, etc.
And then you got our Supreme Court, the majority who voted
all their lives what they've said is their champions of states right?
That's right.
Except when they want to make an exception.
Right.
They want to get their own conservative in.
So they're going to turn their back on everything they've stood for their whole
life.
That's right.
And then the funny thing at the end is our local
Cuban supporters all the time.
If you look at it, it's been the Democrats who've been opening their arms.
It was Kennedy and Johnson died during the 60s.
It was Carter during Mario.
Yeah.
So it'll be really kind of a funny situation.
If they've elected a guy who goes ahead and shuts the door on their relatives coming on.
Don't confuse him with the facts.
Yeah, now, but it just it's really a situation where anybody who looks at it
has to see that the powerful Republicans used every level of power at the national and state level
to steal this election away.
You know, it's just kind of disgusting.
And don't forget George W.
He trusted people.
Yeah, he sure does.
OK, have a great day, Pat.
You too.
OK, thanks to our buddies at Tony's over there for the great lunches that we hit.
25, 30 pizzas in here to get my odds you to worked up again.
Well, I feel like having odds you to.
Tony's at 190 second Northwest Second Avenue.
Is that correct?
Yeah, 90 second left.
Well, I said, 193 North Northwest Second Avenue.
That's what I said.
Not that's what I said close.
Yeah, just look around.
You'll find it.
It's great.
Great stuff.
What's the number for?
6 5 4 9 1 3 3 9 1 1 1 3.
9 1 1 1 3.
There's something like that.
Don't be picky now.
Let's get the food out.
You get that Brad a little bit too carried away.
OK, he'll start to do another.
What's his name?
I don't want to mention their name too much.
Yeah, because then I noticed the good thing last couple of weeks.
I noticed that I can actually come in to work down there.
Not sitting out there in the hallway blocking the hall off.
Scott and I were out of one.
I mentioned their name on here too much.
I mean, they're OK, but when I found out that they're
that type of D-fo like Peter Leonard.
I used to like Peter till I saw him embracing D-fo
in the hallway with a tongue down each other's
you view of yesterday.
That just made me want to puke.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
How you doing?
OK.
Yeah, two things.
Everybody keeps on saying steel.
When they do the recount and just hypothetically
push those when that we will you start saying steel
the election?
No, you won't.
No, because that's not how they store losing
hypocrites.
I'll blow it out your ass.
OK, though.
Don't ask a question if you don't want to answer moron.
Sore losing hypocrite.
I'm not the one that's sitting here whining.
I already resigned myself to it.
They stole it fair and square.
So what's your problem, moron?
You're like a little child.
No, no, no, no, no, we won't.
What did you win?
You got a dumble in here to be presented for four years.
Why sure?
Hope it helps your second.
What is it?
Sex life.
Something like that.
I'm getting ready to eat.
I'm getting the important stuff.
All these people are getting worked up about this crap.
They stole it, like I said yesterday,
a whole bunch of different ways.
But you're being a politically brilliant guy up there in Orlando.
Which I hate to make the news to you about the Grow Wilder in County.
Did you see that?
You actually want Orange County.
So you better watch it, pal, because you've got some people
a little bit to the left of a telebhunt moving and surrounding you up there.
Audio-old fascists.
They're your good old Christians that are running around
closing down the strip clubs and closing down this place in that place
and trying to run around like, what's your name?
With a bottle in her hand, Kerry Nation.
God.
Yahoo.
That's an end of the state.
It's good old Yahoo.
And all you brainwashed your public wounds out there.
I hope you enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy the repression.
I hope you enjoy the suffocating feeling.
Because while he's up there getting a good nose full up there
in the White House, that's why he wanted in there.
He were there with the White House.
That's why he bought the Texas Rangers.
He was snorting up the baselines.
5.670560, 560 on the AT&T.
See, it doesn't make any difference what numbers come out now.
The fact is the election was stolen.
Period.
Anybody who wants to be even a little bit leach, but on it.
In fact, I think that when W.F. finally makes his speech after Gorkhan
teeds tonight, he's going to say I want to thank the Vice President
so for graciously allowing us to steal the election.
Nothing wrong with that.
Because that's you, Merkin F and White.
It's still in the elections.
You great political sophisticate up there.
Here's a mobile and rural B.
Chelo.
Yes, Saloa.
Yes, sir.
It says clear intent of the voter.
To me, when a canvassing board member is holding the ballot up to the light
and feeling the back of it, that's very unclear at best.
I agree.
The fact clear intent.
I agree.
If he's the second thing is, I think whoever wins it, obviously, is Bush.
Even though I voted for him, it still would be bad.
Because I think it's just so close that it fell within the margin of error.
So whoever would have won it, it's just a human error that...
Yeah, I agree.
It's like a perfect call.
That's right.
I told you that the machine recond, the error rate is 2 to 5%.
Exactly.
And then we're going within like 1,000 to 1% what?
I mean, what's the point?
Let's do it again.
Right.
I agree.
Let's just do a revote.
Yeah, they've killed another good three, four months anyway.
That would be good day.
You too.
See, there's a guy that's not all bent out of shape.
He voted for Bush, but he's not a prick.
You know, why can't more of you be like him?
And me.
That's where I'm sitting here enjoying nice free lunch.
That was wrong with you people.
So, loads of them.
Don't blame me for due Lieberman, man.
I'm not into him.
Or Gore.
We do one of those people, my choices.
No.
That I defend either one of them.
No.
They're performance in the debate.
Or they're ability to...
No.
No.
They both suck.
That's why they lost.
That's why they were in a position to have it stolen.
You can just hear all the muttering behind the closed doors.
Oh, look at it.
They're actually going to put these two losers up against us.
Now we can really go into the stealer because it'll be close.
You can't steal an election when you lose by a landslide,
but you're running against totally incompetent candidates
and it's going to be reading razor thin.
Then the opening is there.
It's like leaving the lid off the cookie jar.
And instead of putting it up on top of the refrigerator,
you put it out there on a goddamn table at waste level.
Like an open invitation to come in and stick your hand in it.
And the jar too.
Here's the mobile and the gable.
So I'll...
Yes, you can hear me.
I hear you.
Okay, because I'm inside a parking garage.
You know, you're still right on the first time,
or...
And yeah, we put up, unfortunately, and we can't date.
I voted for him.
Of course, I couldn't vote for mediocre Bush,
but I voted for Gourmet.
He was certainly not someone that was excited about.
And you ever really get the Democrats,
because you have to believe about him.
You put out a make-up of this.
I have to comment on hearing some of this Supreme Court stuff.
And Clarence Thomas, I mean, what a joke this guy is.
He doesn't comment.
He doesn't ask any questions.
Yes.
He doesn't join in the opinion.
He just...
He's in the back of the room and smoking a big fat dubey.
That's what he's doing.
Just rubber stamps.
Whatever, Scalia, and Rehnquist.
You got it.
Yeah, and just like the guy that called him before,
about the point to first black secretary of state,
I'm glad you brought him up, because there's a classic example.
Just because somebody happens to have dark skin,
doesn't mean he's somebody we can trust or we can be safe from.
That's correct.
And he certainly doesn't...
As anyone, convenience stores have discovered over the years.
And in no way shares the opinion of his black brethren,
who, of course, overwhelmingly voted for Gourmet.
Amen.
That was my point.
Which is why so many of them were turned away from the polls
that we should mention.
That's correct.
That's the right one.
Thanks.
Watch out for deep-sourced crime.
Boo.
Hey.
There we go.
Hey, y'all.
My name is Franz Eugene Thomas.
Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know, there's a lot of people who's not dead
and think just of...
I spoke to a little man, why not, when I was in college.
And it wasn't that good, but I...
Enjoy it.
Well, maybe, I'm a senior, I know, remember, y'all.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law,
I don't just review the law.
There you are.
I'll be talking.
And I'll talk it to the need.
And I'll talk it to the west.
And I'll talk it while I look up Sandra Neil, kind of as best.
I'll be talking.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
Yeah, what's wrong with another black Supreme, huh?
The Supreme is all black, what's wrong with that?
A coup d'tat, look at that.
Grit sends me a fact.
There's Bush and the Papa Bush.
And there's that Fashie Stain's Baker.
And there's the Secretary of Bush.
A nice montage here.
The grid put together.
It says, every word in the power structure
who knows anything has a plausible deniability.
There are no compromising connections
except in the most secret point.
But what is paramount is that it must succeed no matter how many die,
no matter how much it costs.
The perpetrators must be on the waiting side.
And never subject to prosecution framing by anyone.
This is a coup d'tat.
Nice going, Gert.
Got a little choked up over it, but nice going.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Mimey Shor.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I don't know how you're going to take this.
I've been sick today.
I haven't listened to you in a while.
I voted for Ralph Nader.
Don't be a fan, sir.
I don't want to catch it.
I voted for Ralph Nader.
It's a big day.
I'm not here too loud.
Well, I can feel proud today because I voted for a guy that I can take.
Why do you feel proud?
I'll tell you why.
Because Ralph Nader said in the beginning,
either one of these candidates care about us
is much more about caring about winning.
Yeah, well, you see, God is punishing you,
which is why you're home sick today, sir.
God is punishing you for your naiptay.
And for wasting your precious American vote
on an old, bubbling thunderhead who had no chance to win.
And if we wouldn't have had those 98,000 votes for that candidate in Florida,
we wouldn't have had to go through this grotesque exercise.
And they wouldn't have been able to steal the election
for the Secretary of Bush and Papa Bush and Jeb Bush and W and all
in the George P and all the other Bush people.
So shame on you, sir.
And I hope you feel better soon, but not too soon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and provide some wireless line.
El Gore will concede 9 o'clock tonight.
He'll do it in that same, what's the word I use for him?
The Danzig tone?
No, no, well, I mean that, but what's that word I got?
No, of course.
Well, that too.
That would come to me.
That's about $55.
That's about $55.
Yeah, so I thought that would come to me.
This is supposed to be our good news today.
What do you get?
What is wrong with you?
Do you have any stocks on the NASDAQ?
No, but it's an indicator, isn't it?
Indicator of what?
Of how things are going.
What was the NASDAQ down yesterday?
Come us up.
No, it was a down AD3 yesterday.
Oh, I thought it was up.
Down AD3 yesterday.
Like I said, Mr. Stock expert.
You know something, you are hook up with mature.
Oh, no, thank you.
Yeah.
I'm next made in Purgatory.
Yeah, I'm doing better than he is with mine.
That's true.
And of course, there was almost anybody else.
So our five-year-old children.
5, 6, 7, hey, don't blame me.
blame Rimmer.
Okay, he's the one who hooked me up with that loser.
And how's that Xerox doing while you're at it, Rimmer?
$1.50.
$26 past noon at 560 WQ in.
Oh my god, you're a breath.
So beautiful.
Tonight at 9 on the Food Network,
it's Emerald Dice Play.
Okay.
Something nice.
We're going to take it off like a couple of good nights.
What the f**k you clapping for honey?
Ain't no f**k yet.
Just Emerald Dice Play, let us do it for the day for the n' all.
Show you how to do things in the kitchen.
You never dreamed of.
Today, I'm going to show you how to smoke fish.
Wish my f**k is a funnel.
And nobody reservescily likes Emerald Dice Play.
That can tell what I'm the hell to make themselves some food.
And just like an oven, Jill needed to love it.
So he put his meat in there.
Is that genius?
It's the hottest cooking show on cable.
Hey, take a look at this.
What's wrong with you?
Come on, baby.
You know you want to grab my weight on that Emerald Dice Play.
Right after Iron Chef.
F**king f**king snap ahead.
You can blindfold these people with them full of love.
Only on the f**king food network.
Oh, she didn't say Iron Chef, did she?
I'm sorry.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
That was good.
That was great.
Good afternoon.
See, here's the guy that's laughing already.
God, I must be doing a public service.
Thank God for me.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Mr. Rogers, this is the second time I've called you.
It occurs to me.
It'll take some time, but the people are going to have to calm down.
Yeah, you're right.
And use their heads.
They're getting me psychotic.
And I really, at this point, I'm over it.
You know, what's the get psychotic about?
Yeah.
Well, one of the things I believe you've said it's
many times already that has to be changed
is the voting system.
They have to go to this by ATM system.
Right.
It's almost full proof.
Is it yet proof?
That's right.
And another thing that I was thinking,
and you mentioned him, and I don't know if you've said this,
but I couldn't think of a possible candidate to run
against Bush in 2004.
But perhaps in 2002, maybe if that brilliant attorney
who was up in Leon County.
Gerald Richmond.
Yes.
He's got my vote for governor.
Exactly.
That's what I was thinking.
I love Jerry Richmond.
What a what a what a.
And I'm going to say it again.
All these people that are whining about this election,
if they would just take a look,
Iliana Gross-Latin, Rosanna Dana,
one of the most inarticulate,
one of the most mindless babbling fools
who's ever set foot in the Congress of this country.
And she's representing South Florida.
And here's a brilliant articulate thoughtful guy.
And he's got to be up there arguing a losing cause
in the court in Leon County.
What have said they for America?
Absolutely.
Well, thank you for your time, sir.
Good luck to us.
Yes.
Yeah, see all you ethnic stuff there.
All the Jews that vote only for Jews,
the Cubans that vote only for Cubans,
and the Chinese that vote only for Chinese,
if we had any Chinese, which we don't.
That's the problem with America.
Don't confuse us with the qualifications.
Don't confuse us with what this guy's all about,
or if he ever stole a freight train,
or if he's achieved drunk, or anything like that,
or a hypocrite, or a liar in a thief.
He's one of us, so therefore he's got our vote.
Not that I want to mention,
Dave County in that context.
Do I?
Sure.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, long time, listen, our first time caller.
All right.
You were talking about the Republican,
the Republican hate.
I was watching one of these political ponds.
It's on one of the networks the other night.
Ponded, yeah.
And they said that they did a very expensive national poll.
And it was amazing how so many of the Democrats
didn't want to vote for Bush,
because they felt he wasn't qualified.
He was too conservative,
but almost to a person,
the Republicans actually hated Goa.
Right.
Thought he was the anti-Core.
Right.
The Republican Party is the party of hate that it's true.
And if you talk to some of these Republicans,
just take a look at James Baker's poll.
They feel at you.
Uh-huh.
That's all they feel at you.
They hate mongering.
I mean, they don't give you any real logical reasons
why they voted.
Listen, I've been asking since the election day
for one person that would call this show,
that's over a month ago now.
It's like five, six weeks ago,
I've been asking on his program,
why anybody voted for Bush.
I had one person who was honest enough
to give me the reason that he said he's basically
what a ball bound was, he's a bigot.
He can't.
He can't relate.
No, seriously.
He can't relate to the kind of people
who voted for Gore, meaning blacks,
and who would you engage, and whatever else.
And so the least he was honest enough
to admit that he's a bigot,
but what a commentary that is.
Right.
And I'll tell you, the biggest embarrassment
for me as a Cuban American,
when I talk to some of these Cubans down here,
the reasons that they give you
for why they vote Republicans.
Yeah.
You got to roll your eyes and say,
where the hell is this guy?
You know, is this guy's mind?
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, everything from one guy even said to me,
well, the reason that we need to get a Republican
in there, so the price of gas will go down.
And you really think,
go back into the drop the price of oil
because George Bush takes the white out?
Yeah, George Bush and Dick Cheney too oil guys, right?
That'll do.
I mean, yeah, they give you these reasons.
Like, you got to walk away shaking your head.
No, Sessie, eat a little vine, you.
Or that liquid, I mean, reloat.
Right.
Ha, ha, ha.
Okay, good luck.
Thank you, you're good.
Hang in there.
Yeah, there's a poor poor guy.
Now, we had been to have 25% of the Cuban people
who voted for Gordon this town,
and probably a couple for a native
and one or two for Che Guevara, whatever the hell was.
So just keep that in mind.
Not all Cubans are right wing fanatics,
just the most too many.
Too many, not all old Jews are feeble and can't vote right.
See, I don't want to rub the salt
in their wounds up there in Palm Beach County.
But how would you feel now?
Not that everything is lost.
Not only not having gotten your vote count right,
but voting for Hitler Jr.
Ha.
Wouldn't you be like borderline suicidal at this point?
And notice lately, we've had an epidemic
of people jumping off bridges there,
which I don't want to encourage that
because it screws up the traffic
for many hours at a time.
In one day alone, we had two people.
One gave it a good shot,
and the other one cheesed to Morte.
Finito.
Won't see her no more.
How about a good civics lesson,
a good refresher civics course
to teach American people how to vote?
How about getting in some real voting equipment?
How about getting computerized machines
like they're going to do over in Hillsboro County?
Even the Yahoo's in Tampa put us to shame.
And I don't hear anybody out of here, David Leahy.
I don't hear whoever's going to be Jane Kiel's replacement
and Broward.
I don't hear anybody talking about,
well, let's start cleaning this up
and start doing it right.
Because you know about David Leahy.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
They might be changed to David Lackie.
Here's Daytona. Hello.
Yeah, well, I don't want to fix the machines
because then we might know who won.
Anyway, last night on CNBC, the Bible Williams
is when it went and all broke,
but a little before 10 p.m.
Bible Williams is going,
the guys are running with the papers
and Bible Williams is screaming.
Reverse, reverse, reverse.
You know, and what if,
but isn't that amazing that at least they got it right?
Well, if he had CNN and hour and a quarter later,
they still were ahead their finger up,
their ass and couldn't get it right.
Well, it was reversed and it was remanded.
Right.
Back to the floor.
What if the frame quarter?
CNN must have been reversed part.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But they really, if the Florida Supreme Court
had any balls left and they've been beaten to-
Just like, just like Duff was at the dolphin game on the Sunday
and one of the plays he screamed out,
Greg, it's a reverse.
It's a reverse.
Yeah.
Well, if they didn't have any,
any of their balls are all smashed now,
but if they had any left,
the Florida Supreme Court could say,
all right, you've remanded it.
All right, we'll give you a standard.
Here's the standard.
Start counting again.
Yeah.
But that ain't going to happen.
But they only had like an hour and a half left, you know.
But as they would say,
it's a free snow day when Bush is in,
we get one free snow day.
That's true.
And high-havoc, go back.
Al Gore expected it can see.
Now they have this headline that'll have that up there all day.
Yesterday they had,
oh, the decision could come at any moment.
That was both on CNN and MSNBC.
Any moment, it's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming.
You can almost smell it.
I know it's there.
A mix hour there in Power 96.
But do they have to do it so that the wall's shaking here?
Yes.
In the middle of our lunch hours,
that our kishis are churning.
I've already got my grid, my IBS,
and my old age, whatever,
all these things are going on.
They just can't spin
if they don't recreate the clothe atmosphere, you know.
Oh, I'm seeing.
I got a club form.
Same way that OJ used, I think.
Sure, how is it possible?
That's going on.
You know, the walls are trembling in here.
We're smolting the totals over here on the A.
It's just like we're doing a guy to ensure in the middle of a closed dryer.
But do we care?
Am I upset about it?
No.
No, because I'm going to put a good mood to them.
Having a nice free lunch here from Tony's.
Thanks, Brad.
And the life goes on.
Markets in the crapper.
Yeah, see that was.
That was another big lie.
From all my good friends,
I don't want to get to David Pistoff again.
Another big lie.
Oh, the market.
The market wants bush.
The market wants bush.
Yeah, well, so far you got bush.
The dollar's, uh, you know, it was up 143.
Now it's up only.
What is it?
Was it up or down?
56 something.
But the S&P is down.
See, the down means nothing.
The dollar's 30 stocks.
Do I have those 30 stocks?
No.
No.
The S&P is down.
A couple of masks down 58.
So for all the great excitement that bush was going to bring in,
so far they're working too good.
He hasn't even got in there yet.
And already it's not the like I was trying to tell you before when you were arguing with me.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s.
Q.A. Ham.
Hell to the George Gordon 105.
Hey, rulers of America with the K.
Here.
Christian Whites will lie.
The new force fight.
Let's fire us those albums right away.
All of their said more right plus Easter,
rest and learn.
The end of what the gold killing in your teeth.
Those who know, no way,
to be attacked and to be great in a living,
to the Polish dynasty.
That's his end doing here.
Lieberman's a little hard of hearing.
He thought it was going to all excited when they said he thought they said something about his to fill in.
They were talking about his golden fillings that they were looking to get their hands up.
17 to 1 at 560.
WQM.
We got thank.
Gorbacheau with two bookshops.
A big night tonight.
Maybe it's door dive.
But don't believe that.
They keep telling that to us off the path.
They won't win tonight.
Well, of course it's a big lie because they want us to keep showing up and coming to find out
when it's close to unloading the team.
Which we pray.
Oh, by Ruchatown and I shall it soon.
Please.
But in the meantime,
they're leaving us dangling out there in the wind and he doesn't want to do anything or make any changes
because he doesn't give a crap anymore because he's unloading it.
Just like with the Marlon, same old crap.
Right here, the Grinchu store Christmas.
The Grinchu store sports.
The Grinchu store are in German.
That's Wayne Hippinger.
Piece of turd.
Guess what we always get here in Florida.
You're hoping for the best.
You're hoping for Sandy Claus.
And you get Wayne Hippinger.
Another piece of crap on two legs.
Shipping internationally.
Oh, there.
Next time you sped X and be absolutely sure.
Do you ever see that spot where the Japanese are sitting around the table in the business man in Texas?
Oh, I didn't say to you know, jerky.
I sent it as a steak two months ago.
And they're all going, they're all doing a George Bush.
Papa Bush.
See now we have to distinguish between the, uh,
the W and Papa.
And then of course there's always George,
Squared Squared P.
Yeah, let's all go up the Tallahassee and watch George.
Squared Squared P.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Now listen, I'm not going to hold any grudges.
I voted for Gore.
Yeah.
But I understand why Bush is a piece of the end of the election.
Uh-huh.
However, my only prayer is for poetic justice.
Ralph Nader should only have a giant,
debilitating stroke.
Okay.
You will never screw up another American election.
Absolutely.
And it wouldn't hurt for God to you to have one also.
Okay.
What do you think about that?
I think Marla would agree.
Absolutely.
She's embarrassed with that.
You bet.
God bless.
I'm sure probably dump his old ass anyway pretty soon.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Now that we wish any old Nader, but die pretty soon.
A wicked death.
In a lot of pain.
You already had a stroke.
It just wasn't debilitating enough.
Oh, did he?
Yeah, that's why he's got his eyes that have masked.
And he's got a num-lip.
Who's that?
Ralph Nader's got a num-lip?
That damn bagad I can't stand it.
Here's a mobile and lighthouse point.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm doing great.
You know, it doesn't matter who really wins this election.
The bottom line is nobody's going to have respect for this president.
And this president will not be supported in the House of the Congress.
That's going to be a poor question tomorrow,
which would you rather have a lame duck or a lame dick?
I told you.
For the duck.
Anyway, I would also like to say that, you know,
they tell you to vote where your heart is.
If somebody felt that Nader should have been the president,
that was their business.
I wound up voting who I believed in and my guy didn't even run.
I voted for a guy that's not a career politician.
I voted for Jesse Ventura.
And whether people agree or disagree, that's where my heart was.
Well, that's what I'm going to do in 2004 before I leave this time.
I'm going to, that's my absentee ballot.
I'm going to put in for Jesse.
And also, I just wanted to say that,
why don't you become like all these other pants?
And Verizon line, let too much of him get on here.
See, I'm a little slow today.
I didn't realize who it was.
Another dick in the White House?
Oh, God.
I was wondering about that.
Yeah, I wasn't too sure.
It's not a kind of whiny.
It was him.
It was the Antiquize Junior.
567-0560, pound 566-0 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of townline is Zola Gertis, a call from Atlanta.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm Neil R.U.
All right.
I listen to you a lot when I'm down in Florida.
Excellent.
I want you to know some in Atlanta.
You may have known about it.
And Georgia's black, so it was a terminate up here too,
as well as in Georgia and Florida.
Yeah.
And but I voted for Gore as well as everybody's dead.
Well, you know how it's going to work out with us up here.
Moe Young.
But I enjoy your show.
And I'd be down in Florida Friday.
Okay.
I'll see you then.
Thank you, sir.
All right.
Hang in there.
Of course, you know, see when you talk to Dark folks,
hanging there is not a good respect that the hang parties
start getting nervous.
Now that we got these people in there in power again.
Oh, there is an algorithm that the American people
have ever wanted.
You just wave.
Do I have bye-bye?
Yeah.
Or maybe that was old file for you.
You go on.
Bye-bye-bye.
Something like that.
In fact, if he was smart, which I don't know if he's really
all that smart, but if he's smarter than I think he is,
for his own sake,
he should be very glad.
He's probably going to be saying,
better you than me, George,
under these circumstances.
And I would certainly agree with that.
Because there's going to be enormous.
All this, all this talk about, well,
he's going to work with the Democrats,
and we're going to have unity.
Oh, yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
Just like we had last eight years.
We're those far-bison.
We're those miserable obnoxious,
hateful, right-wing.
But see, there you go again.
I can't control himself.
Keep saying those things.
Is Line 5 ever going to get fixed?
No.
No.
Thanks a lot, Duff.
We're Line 5, and also for the noise in the hallway,
which he's out to lunch now.
Don't be messing with bluff.
You can't take care of all our little problems.
Duff, we're going to look at this instant.
Here's some rise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to just share what I like, what I hate.
And it's not that I hate first to make that guy happy.
That wrote the facts.
Let's hate today.
Yeah, well, the thing is that it doesn't sound real important
in the overall scheme of things.
But when you work a long day and you come home,
you want to sit down and relax and watch a show on TV
that you've been watching since its beginning.
And then they interrupt it with hours of this book.
No, no, not even that.
You invest an hour in the show.
Yeah.
And five minutes before the end,
Channel 7,
by despising the test,
my poison.
Besides to cut off the end of the show,
and sit there and babble incessantly
with no information other than the fact that the announcement is pending.
Yeah.
No other station I checked.
Not one of the network did what they did.
Right.
They waited until 10 o'clock.
Sure.
And five minutes later, Rick Boo-head says,
well, we're now at our 10 o'clock newscast.
And I know people were upset because I tried to call them
and I couldn't get through.
How do you like that?
And the thing is,
the show that they interrupted
has such a demographic
that I don't think anybody watching really cared
if the announcement was pending.
What show is that?
Dark Angel.
Oh, Dark Angel.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Which is a, you know, a decent show.
Right.
Got some action and it appeals to younger people,
like me, male.
Uh-huh.
But why do they need to do this?
And that's not the first time they've done it.
Because they're a bunch of assholes.
Exactly.
Exactly.
There's nothing I wanted to tell you.
Looks like CNN.
Don't forget to noose the NN model.
We may not be first,
but we never get it right.
Exactly.
You were talking before about Brazil
having electronic voting.
Uh-huh.
I had read an article I think in Wired Magazine.
Believe it or not,
one country that's also in that same situation
that's years ahead of us is India.
They said there are computers in every polling place.
I hear that they just punch out the dot.
Exactly.
Have a great day.
And back to you.
Bye.
Yeah, that's what I hear.
In fact, didn't you see that when they were looking at the ballots
up there in Tallahassee over the weekend,
one of the judges,
he picked one and said,
what's done?
It was some Indian voted.
Although I do like Curry.
Not so much Kid Curry,
but I do like Curry.
That Kid Curry is alright.
He's just, uh,
he's finally catching on.
You know, John keeps bringing them all
like European music and he's finally catching on.
The fact of music they play on Power 96,
blows blows big time.
Like you see, the Backstreet Boys had
had a third concert at the Oma Corina
because the first two sold out in about a half a minute
is what he get me those tickets are not.
Uh, because I might even go,
or I might just give them away.
Haven't spoken to him since we put the order in.
What does that mean?
That means he's going to shine me again.
That means who the hell does?
I guess what he wants to found out
it doesn't ring inside of the National
Deantice Center like he did up there in Palm Beach
with that awful,
awful, uh,
Coralsky amphitheater place where I almost got
pneumonia that night.
Although I have an interesting experience
on a way out.
So what do you think Rick Stancher has
has to say for himself?
I already have a homosexual relationship
with Neil,
so I might as well have one with you too.
We have 357 votes in our poll so far.
Got a lot of energy and emotion
about this today and why to hell not?
And maybe our last gas.
Who is to, uh,
who's most to blame for Al Gore losing the selection?
And he did lose and he will concede at nine o'clock tonight.
And Spada CNN's reporting that they're still evaluating
the decision.
About whether Jimmy Carter is going to run again.
Al Gore himself has most of blame said 152,
42 and a half percent.
Dumb voters said 64 18 percent.
Ralph Nader 48 13.4 percent.
And there's an asterisk that says we hope he has a stroke
real soon.
State of Florida 32 9 percent.
US Supreme Court 23 blame the
Supreme's.
Uh, Theresa LaPore 17.
Julie Ren only 12 and the Florida Supreme's
head only had only.
Yeah, both.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and provides a wireless line.
Yeah, you have a good point.
The market you would have thought it was uh,
in the futures we're looking up although not as much as I thought.
Remember I told you that this morning?
I was a little bit suspicious about that.
Because after this all came down last night,
I thought to myself,
I'm going to go to bed when I get up in the morning.
I'll turn on CNBC and those futures are going to be skyrocketing.
We're going to make a fortune tomorrow because they can tell us all the market
wants.
Bush the market one.
Well, there are a lot of guys that want Bush.
That don't mean they're going to get it.
Okay.
And the same with us.
We want our money back.
That doesn't mean we're going to get it anytime soon.
Mitch,
anybody want to buy some shittricks?
No.
Unless at least up around 30 now.
At least there was this morning.
Wow.
30.
You want to buy some?
I'll sell to you like 31.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling about the election and pie
of hearing all these winding Democrats complaining about the both counts.
I think they want to turn on another show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the ATT.
Turn on fat ass limbaugh.
He'll be going, what's up?
What's up?
What we want?
What's up?
Yeah, have you been doing that?
Turn him on.
I'm not interested in hearing you're a whining.
Okay.
You're the one that's whining.
See, there's nothing worse than some asshole calling a talk show and telling you know,
it looks like screaming at the moon like a dog sitting there,
brocking at the moon.
The moon's still not going to go away.
So if you don't like what you're hearing, find something else.
Have a nice life.
Have a nice holiday.
Go back at the...
Fuck the world.
Yeah, and have a merry life.
God.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Oh, are they slowing Hollywood or what?
They're slowing.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Can't do it.
He's twisting it and the phone too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I don't have patience for those 900-year-old people in Hollywood
or the 900-year-old people in the cemetery village up in Palm Beach
who are the ones responsible for screwing up his election
when nobody wants to point the finger at them.
It's much easier to blame the Cuban, the Spargers.
This one and that one.
It's those old people who voted for you.
Canon.
Yeah.
For a pet-fickened view Canon.
Shame on you.
Shame on you.
At a scratch.
There would be like writing in Hermann Gehring,
Rudolph Hess, Joseph Gerbels, George Gerbels.
Fellas wrong with you.
Yeah, that's right.
Father Codland.
Well, that's right.
He was an American cat lick.
How's his radio show doing?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody who wonders about my comments about the virulent
of the Catholic Church, all I have to do is remember those great days
when the father Codland radio program was on in this country
earlier in the last century.
Spewing the most virulent anti-Semitism-millan demand
even Hitler would have been embarrassed.
But at any rate.
And then of course don't forget John Paul II.
I mean, would I say John Paul II as well?
Whatever. They're all the same.
Only the dressers have been changed to protect the guilty.
Paul Pies the 12th.
Sports radio 5, 60, WQAM by Andy Port Lauderdale.
A Beasley Broadcast Group Station.
WQAM.com with a world.
This is your president's baking.
Yeah, I got so much time nowadays.
I don't even listen to that.
Neil Rogers won the tail hour.
It's good. It's good.
I'm
seething like a wise Christian
about the Jews and gay homeowners.
Now I'd like to
bury those lies
killing fairies who don't
know the Bible like I know.
I'm
see-t-like a wise Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike
and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yeah, wouldn't it be wonderful
everybody in the world was right and Christian
and looked the same and said the same things.
Morning, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and to recover from it.
I'm
sleeping like a wise Christian
and how we all must think alike.
All the games black and yet long must die.
Boy, until everybody's Christian and
black.
Minute after one at five sixty WQM,
it's all over but the shot now
Al Gore is going to concede nine o'clock tonight.
Somebody call CNN and tell him Al Gore is going to concede at nine tonight.
He's not going to say let's have the election all over again.
Here's a great fact from Richard and West Palm Beach.
Now we know why the Republicans didn't want to send
that fuel is a pretty expensive now.
Where are we going?
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good evening, Mr. Glouder's day.
My president, I like George Bush.
Can take that ugly.
Okay, here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Great show.
Yes, sir.
I have one question for you.
How about the Democrats, eh?
Five to six. There's two more on two overgrown children.
Like I said, you know what this reminds me of?
How many times have I talked about the fact that when you go to any big city in this country
and you see crazy people on the street corner handing out religious propaganda
and sometimes they're on a soapbox or they're just standing there and
they're always disheveled and they look like they just called out of a dumpster
and maybe some of them did.
And even people who believe the same fairy tales would say,
oh yeah, those people are embarrassing.
They're crazy people.
And yet you go to church on Sunday, maybe they'd be sitting right next to those same
disheveled, smelly crazy people.
That's what this reminds me of.
Juvenile, hateful, sick, twisted, pathetic.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, calling in just to let you know that Gore is going to concede.
Thanks.
You can stop pushing.
Yeah.
You're going to get those emorts back again.
Uh-huh.
And uh...
Okay, there's just three in a row.
Another asshole is all you're talking about.
No.
Then what are you talking about?
Listen, I just wanted to make a point on how mixed up times are.
Yeah.
They're pretty messed up.
The leading rapper is white.
The leading golfer is black.
And Bill Clinton just got back and Vietnam.
Yeah.
Okay.
Three in a row.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
Oh, man.
Good pizza.
Here's the mobile and pop it over each, hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll love you, sir.
Uh, secondly, um...
You were talking earlier when the Miami Harrods under the Freedom of Information Act will ever hold this recount.
What kind of standard they would be set.
Yes, how they're going to fail?
Well, I heard that they will use two different standards.
One standard, obviously, a lenient more towards the Democratic side.
And another one, lenient more towards the Republicans.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, well, I don't know.
My hunch, personally opinion is probably that either way, go or would win.
What do you think?
I have no idea.
Well, I guess I leave it at that and we find out the truth will come out either way.
Okay.
Thanks.
See you.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Take some of those pizzas to God.
Have some free food.
That's what we're here for.
Free food, paycheck, or...
Yeah, that's all we're coming for.
Free food and the paycheck for us a month.
We're not kidding anybody.
We're not here to entertain.
We're not here to service responses.
We're just here to try to switch.
Because that's the beastly F and way, man.
That's what Greg said this morning.
He came in here.
He said, you squeezed out some good ones.
I said, yeah.
Spell that?
You ran out of here.
Yeah, he'd last time I saw Greg in a hallway, he was talking about the secretary of Bush and her big boobs.
Something like that.
And George said something about, well, takes one to...
Here's a mobile and four Myers.
Hello.
Okay, you know how you don't...
Okay.
Well, what are they...
What are they talking about anyway when they want one standard when there's all different kind of ways to vote in this state anyway?
No, no, yeah.
Right, that's right.
So, and I guess there's a lot of antichrist, first Clinton, the antichrist in Al Gore is.
Uh-huh.
And I guess also that this...
Oh, look at this.
Wait a minute.
Vubba had a private talk from Ireland with Al Gore, 10th one in this morning.
I just thought I'd mention it in passing.
So, is that missing?
You got...
I hate to be the dead horse, but this election just happened to come out so close with his brother up there.
And Florida turned out to be the real sleeper.
Uh-huh.
I think why we were sleepin' on GWB, I guess that's the answer for gathering winning ballots.
All right, you have a good one.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, Ponton, I see I didn't realize this is the amateur comedy hour.
Yeah.
I didn't realize that.
I forgot about that.
That was the big one to two hour.
I noticed the amateur comedy hour.
I'm sorry, I forgot.
Somebody neglected to slip it to me.
And a note too.
Well, if that's okay, you just keep coming along.
If it makes you feel better, because quite frankly, I'm not all bent out of shape.
Life is going to go on.
I couldn't give a crap less at this point.
And what can I tell you?
What's in the bag?
No, there must be from Nick Sugars.
See, now here is a great moment.
See all new people are now going to buy baseball.
I don't care.
That's my game never to make those a few seconds.
All you heavy breeders out there.
But our friends from Nick Sugars just sent up a bag by personal courier, one of our PPA listeners.
One of our listeners who volunteered to go down.
He was going on to probably stock up on his own supply.
He said, I'll be kind enough since it's in the hood to drop by and deliver them some stuff.
And he did.
Thank you, sir.
And thank you, Nick, and Mike and all our good friends down there, Nick Sugars.
And Frank, Mayo, P.U.
OK, Mayor, whatever your name is.
Frank, Mayor.
Now, there's an antichrist for you.
There must be a whole...
There's a factory where there's stamping out little antichrist.
He's one of them.
So you won't be stealing any more of our cigars because you won't be using to do an account anymore, Frank.
You're out, pal.
You're out.
Even if we have to wind up giving it to the anxious Peter Leonard.
At least we know...no, seriously, at least we don't need to bring him back.
We'd have to put up with a half-out of his book, Frank.
We can't suggest.
Oh, I forgot about that.
That's right.
We like them.
They probably haven't put away.
Like I said, here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy, man.
I know what you should have a survey to find out why Bush won.
And his brother could be one of the reasons that no goods come back.
And also, it's a pre-incorporate.
That's what we ought to have a survey because that's the only reason why he won.
You realize that, right?
Yeah.
You know?
Good.
5, 6, 7, 9, or real-care.
You, right, man.
What?
The comedy hour.
Yeah, we were doing okay until the start and then it started.
We got all crazy people.
But that's fine with me.
That's where Joe Castello said, Fried pizza.
We don't give it crap.
He understands.
Comes in for his like 375 an hour that he gets.
All they fame and glory.
Rumors, I heard that Joe was buying the hockey team is what I'm hearing.
And all the more is, you're fired.
That's also not just a rumor.
Yeah, Wayne is jerky, but there'll be interesting to see how many people struggle to get the penguins next Wednesday.
At home.
Which by that time they will have lost what is a 5, 6 more games in a row.
No question about it.
But Wayne doesn't care.
He doesn't care about the wins or losses or coaches or general managers.
He just cares about this guy that he's got in town.
That he's got Alpinago to a cello team to another sucker.
Just like John Henry.
And he's going to sell him a pillow good.
And the meantime, he expects each and every one of you to buy a lot of tickets and fill out your own up when it comes home.
Freedom and say cheese.
It's a story about a girl named Winnie.
Every morning, she wake up with all the cash that she needs.
You're paid.
She's rich and famous.
She's a star.
And she's still just a teen.
They go, why did she come planning to bring me to the theatre?
And they say, he's so I need.
She's a bitch.
She just a teen.
And she's really rich.
They say, in her own life, nothing has gone wrong.
So why does she, why in this song?
She had a date with Winx William.
And she kids have the guys commenting.
Welcome.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
I'm going to sing a song.
You know what, a Bernie Shaw is retiring.
He's embarrassed.
That wasn't the first time either that they had a thing wrong.
They had a hole.
The font was totally wrong on Saturday when they were doing the counting.
They keep putting the wrong information on it.
But last night was the coup de tat.
For now and a quarter they kept insisting that while they were mad at it
the floater in the court .
We try to make sense of this.
And I guess they're going to have to come up with a standard for how to recount the votes and we don't know what that is
Now they're going to do it in time and in the meantime my MSNBC right from the beginning
Reverses and remand oh
Yeah
CNN the network that couldn't get it right
They must be hiring people as stupid as Ted Turner. Oh, that's be it
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's not a mobile. Sorry about here's a stationary in Miami
Oh
Republican but I like to think I also have a sense of humor and it's pretty much along with you at this point
It really didn't matter just put somebody in the office. Yeah, get it over with already. Yeah, let's get on with important stuff
Yeah, you said a couple of are actually a lot of things
I'm a relatively recent listener, but a lot of things would make me believe that
You're certainly not a Republican probably a Democrat, but one thing you said last hour really down
Certainly not a Republican you can go to the bank on that one thing you said last hour really tip your hand
You know what that was I'm sitting here enjoying a free lunch. Yeah, that's it. Thanks Neil. Okay. Thanks Neil
That took my hand. Oh, we got you. Oh, yeah, I'm out of the closet now. Oh, sorry
I'm sitting here enjoying your free lunch
Isn't that something and thank God that I wasn't born with a silver spoon up my ass like W
You know, I'm so proud of the Democratic party know us. Yeah, right. Yeah, the Democratic party. Oh, they pay for the lunch
No, no one of our fine friends paid for it right up the street
A little hidden run little feather. Oh, yeah, he doesn't know well
Sir, if you don't know by now which candidate I voted for which one I voted strongly against
Then I feel sorry for it then you must be a lot dumber than you sound on the air
5 6 7 0 5 60 yeah, I'm a relatively new listener. Uh-huh
Enjoying your free lunch
Galatin, you know
Participate in some lynchings over the weekend and make yourself feel better. Okay pal
Here's Miami Lake. Hello
Oh another another Republican. Okay, we're on a tear this hour. I guess to just call on the segment
They've been out all night partying up
At a good time
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Ken Day, a lake. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir
Yeah, you're over tells them I have extra police protection tonight for what when they make up the message speech. Yeah
We think I think you're an asshole
Hey, huh? Oh 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and
Verizon wireless line
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Nail. Yes, ma'am. It's Donna
You know the depressed divorce woman from yesterday that you teared up. Uh-huh. Just an observation. Don't get chronic Donna
Okay, I won't know because you cured me up. You played my song my Clinton song. I know and my mom's in the car today
You're gonna play for her please but an observation
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
We haven't seen I knew things were going along a little bit too well because I thought people be going a little off the deep end today
But it took to a one o'clock before they started doing it and isn't it just delicious hearing it
Here's Weston hello
Hi, good afternoon. Yes, sir
You know it gets lost in all this well and I haven't heard many people talking about it is that the Florida House voted yesterday
7 9 41 to elect that new slate of electors designated for Bush. Yeah, and you know the Supreme Court however
The Senate has the voted on it. No, the Senate has the bill. Yeah, they made an absolute vote based on what the Supreme Court
And I guess they're waiting to make sure that that Mr. Gorkham feeds
But I would that was a couple weeks ago. I thought maybe it's time made it's time for the concession
Then I heard wind of this plan that the Republican Trump state legislature was gonna go out and try to elect a new slate of electors
And that gave me pause because I thought you know that would be a pretty
Historic precedent because at that point if they can do that in this election I
Guess it could be a stretch, but it could probably happen in another election
Sure, and then when that type of thing happens
See instead of having the people
President anymore we're gonna even have state legislatures or the Supreme Court
Right and and I'm thinking that you know you could have and as long as you have a like-minded governor with the state legislature
A white-minded governor
Like-minded governor with the state legislature that if you throw a bunch of challenges regardless of what the outcome
If it was a clear cut-out them you could claim the machines were faster that you know there was there was a you know too many people with
Hair hanging out their perfect or whatever and all of a sudden you have a situation where they could claim
I think that isn't gonna make any difference at the move points are just calm down. Okay, okay
I heard it I can't
Funny fox is still around on the radio. Yeah. Oh god. That's what I say good. I see you
Well now who's talking about that the other day about Ron Hershey? Is that who says he's still I'm with him?
I don't know are they still going up their Horsi highway together? I said maybe it was Hank talking about that the other day about
He's the most talented guy on radio and I think it was Hank
Ron Hershey is the most talented guy and radio in this market. Hi. This is funny. Thanks. I listen to your Rogers because I could hear the word asshole. Yeah
560 at 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless fly
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Yeah, how you doing? They're great
Now a couple little facts that bother me. Yes
Now we are for this whole challenge process, but I every year bush or any of his people ever say they'd respect any
Court decision that would come down against them
Now where did they ever say that they would respect the courts? Yeah, that's first and that's very trouble
Well, they only respect them and they come out of the season. They like well
You know they just came into this place like an occupying army
I
Get rid of it right you know it had me wondering if the courts came not against the wood are gonna cough arms and
Surrections maybe their point could be you know and the other thing is maybe can he would like gone up there with Alexander
Hagan said we're in charge with his body and said we're in charge now
Right exactly you know this rush limba not that I listen to him much, but I get a listen to the enemy occasionally
Why you're saying that you know when Rome took caught the Hania that they
Instead of incorporating you know these people into the party like taking some Democrats and liberals into the cabinet
Yeah, you know they sheltered the fields so they couldn't grow no crops and starve these people out and be rid of them once and for all
And he says these are his words that that's what we should do with the liberals and the Democrats at this point
Now that we've seized power. Yeah
You know this is the type of thinking that goes on on this part. Why why are you listening to that?
Why are you subjected yourself to that swill?
Well, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. Why are you too sure man?
The fascist getting control life is too short of power
It's a kind of bothers me and you know the fact the fascists have been in control for a long time
I know that maybe you just called out a bed, but the fascists have been control for a long time in this country
See ya
560
7.0 or 560
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
See about the only accurate thing that people were saying and that was the one thing that motivated me to actually go out and vote
Was the supreme court and here's a good lesson for your boys and girls
Here was the only reason to make sure that boys didn't get in if you possibly could was that we have clearance Thomas and we have
Souter and we have
We're having rather Scalia and we have a Rankquest
And Sandrid Day O'Connor and not to mention I be token Thomas
That's why
Because those are the people who have the power because they're in there for life for as long as they want to be until some other Nazi comes along to
Really manipulate how people are going to live in this country for generations to come
Generations to come
But don't confuse the public with the fact and now all of a sudden their up in arms about oh my god
We thought the supreme court was a wonderful institution. Yeah, and on political right
Here's a mobile implantation hello
Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. I've got a question for you
What is the reasoning behind the black barring of Teddy Nolan?
Why is he not being considered for a coaching job because the league doesn't like guys who give GM's a hard time
They don't he's been blackballed. He's not going anywhere. That's basically the whole thing
Yeah, as far as I know we could sure use it
Well, there's plenty of other guys out there, sir
I mean, it's not going to happen until Wayne sells the team
I mean, you know you better wake up and zip the daffodil nothing's going to happen to Wayne
So it sells the team he doesn't care how many games they lose he doesn't care about the fans and that's it
Just like with the marlins. It's the same game all over again
Yeah, and so maybe a lot of people even more than in the past are going to start staying home from now on
Well, you know what in years past I've
Trought, you know, it's expensive, but I tried to make it into at least a half a dozen though a dozen games
Uh-huh. I have not tried once this year. I'll tell me get a new owner who cares about the fans. I'd say forget about it
Yeah, I mean the product is just not there. It's not worth it
It is not good and you know something last year was you know team was playing real well at home
And I had a pretty good season and they made the playoffs and every time you'd go you'd say boy
Just watching Burrey is worth a price of admission
He's not I mean, even though he's got 17 girls
He's a shadow of his former self even though what he's doing out there is lackluster
There's just nothing to go out with them. That's exciting. That's worth making the effort unless you live real close by and get free tickets like I do
You're right because I they're not gonna play for Terry Murray
It's a might not you know, we can keep saying the same thing, but the Wayne doesn't care
God bless Wayne. Okay, and all the bushes see the assholes that they are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
411 votes so far who's most blamed for gore losing this election
Al Gore himself 175 dumb voters 73 Nader 54 state of Florida 39 US Supreme's 26 Teresa Lapur
21 Jewelie Bremen 14 the Florida Supremes still pretty way down around the bottom with only yeah votes
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How you doing? Okay?
I guess they're gonna call us Nazis. We might as well end their reputation
So I guess all the bags and the thinking liberal should take cover because
It's the N.C. Guys and by the way, this is the banana boat lady you insulted a week ago, but guess what I got the laugh last five
She got the last laugh is on me boy. Do I feel bad now or what?
Ha ha ha
The banana boat lady I insult I don't even know what she's talking about do you know I don't know now
It's good. I've been in a number of many number of banana. Well, and you know what sweetheart. We don't care. Blow it out your ass
It's a radio show
No, it's just a radio show bitch
5 6 7 and have a nice day 5 6 0 5 60 but it's not interesting how they're coming out of the closet now
It's beautiful the people that think that I've been oh no that needle. He's already makes up all these terrible things and people
Don't agree with him the Nazis and fascists and hate for yeah, oh, we know that and other people are starting to catch on so I'm glad that you're coming right out in the open
All you bigoted up not just narrow-minded assholes dictatorial schmucks and by the way get back on the boat sweetheart
Let's take a vote. Oh, was unanimous. They said get back on the boat rhymes with
Be sure we're a coat
26 after one and I hope you can float
But Neil Rogers show sports radio 5 60
Floridians dumb as dirt
You know dancing in France and the dash here in Vixen
It's
The most famous
Well
And when he got excited
It's stuck out way past his nose
All of the other reindeer
Wanted while the sled wouldn't go
Seren's out that Rudy's organ was getting stuck in the snow
Then one again Christmas scene with the Santa come to say
You'd all get your two so long won't you drive me home that long
All of the reindeer
He's the favorite one because
Good off the well-hung reindeer
Get the bangliss
131 at 5 6. Yeah, no something we do have a freelancer. They're delicious. Thanks again Brad
Yeah, we got freelancing. Guess what we're eating it and that guy's not
Oh, yeah, you can be a tip your head a little bit
Maybe he'll look with the banana boat leave. What a match that would be
I just can't stand that for that. Gordon conceded 9 p.m. Bush will speak after we'll concede
And says we still look for in square and the Florida Senate recessed. They said okay. We're safe now. We can get out of here
Here is the plantation hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. I wanted to you could read something
Sometime back in New York time article cheer up George
Winning's not too bad right absolutely wanted to get my hands on that and didn't know how
Hmm it was from the New York Times. I think wasn't that another was that
Now geez Bob what tells his name
I'm sure they'll have a website Bob Herbert. I think that's his name. Yeah, I searched the other New York Times website and search the articles
I think it was Bob Herbert wrote that article very good. Thanks Neil and join the show. Okay. Thanks
She there. No, I can't believe it. There was like a real caller in there. Wow
Flook
How's the banana boat lady doing huh? She's my favorite. I just can't stand that slow. I got the life. No, no, no, no, no
That's that's called old day. Oh yeah, old day girl
Yeah, all you fags and niggers and kikes and sticks. So yeah, we got the last laugh on you. That's you look so the nastier
All I see that's all the aspects except her. I'm sorry
Now I wonder if she cleans her floor with
span
Here's Stuart hello
Very high. Yeah, yes sir. I'm keeping with your theme of looking for a civil lining. I buy that here too for you
No one
For the past five weeks you have not had to just devote your program to
Early birds and wolfies and all that crap you had at least some decent conversations one at a five calls
Maybe one other time
Okay, I'm gonna try to improve that the second thing is this male
Historically, it's like really sound as whoever wins the presidential election as I'm sure you know already
It can bet the congress goes the other way two years later for sure for sure
It's so damn close. It's pretty sure going to then be democratic
I think two more years after that abushing if we run anybody to make any sense
Well, you say if I mean they can always dig up Michael did caucus again
Don't overestimate the ability of the democratic party to come up with a candidate who can know
There will be somebody like the kid in North Carolina. I got flattered there for a couple of days remember when he was considered for
Device president's plot somebody like that is gonna get ambitious and he's a really a very good man
Although I don't know I'm that well last point in terms of who screwed this up as far as I'm concerned
and Clinton gave Gore the ball on the 50-yard line,
and that is what sports analogy is.
No, no, he gave the ball on the two-yard line.
It would be a big deal.
Let's be kind.
He gave him the ball on the 50-yard line,
and the god damn it, he could not take it the last way,
which is ridiculous.
Let me say it again, they gave him the ball
on the one-inch line of the other team,
and he couldn't sneak it in.
That's probably where he told them on the phone this morning.
They had quite a conversation, Bubba's in Ireland,
and he was probably talking about the great Irish chicks
over there.
That's where he probably invited Al to come over.
He said you'd be doubling your pleasure.
Maybe you've got some of those leopard condoms waiting for Al when he gets there.
Yeah, that's probably what they talked about with...
See?
Here's the call from Cape Coral.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, we're crying.
Call us again next year, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
What are you laughing about?
You know him.
As soon as I see Cape Coral, I know it's going to be him.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Lovely lady.
Oh, wrong show.
No, no, seriously.
I mean, what's the point?
And then it's been ended, but the best part about the banana boat,
but she's still listening and she calls back again.
You can't insult those people.
The chronics will be there forever.
You can hope that maggots from mummies that died 80,000 years ago call up their ass,
and they still are going to be listening.
Where's the maggots already?
We're still waiting.
Where's the maggots, baggot?
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
I know.
Yes, I am.
Good evening, ma'am.
It's Matthew and we have the Supreme Court.
Merry Christmas and a happy four years ahead.
Okay.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60.
No, we're back on track.
And now we're getting back to it.
Get me intellectual calls now.
Well, that's George Good evening, intellectuals.
I've heard some of those.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I agree with you that it was Al Gore's race to lose.
And I think he did a good job of that.
And he made this exciting and he still boarded.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
And I think he was more like on the, they left him on the 70th and the 70th yard line or something like that.
And he just didn't push.
I think he was too afraid to, to pick a stem on anything.
George Bush, God help us all.
Are you help us all, right?
They don't got it.
About the popular vote, they say it's a popular vote in Dave County or in South Florida.
Is the Republican vote because all the Cubans are Republican and blah, blah, blah.
You have a Groan One Dave County.
I'm sorry?
Groan One Dave County.
Yeah, he won Dave County.
Also Alex Tonellis is a Democrat.
But not an election crime though.
Not an election crime though.
Unless it's his own.
Well Martinez is a Democrat.
Right.
But yet everyone you see on the street in the high L.A. and my M.A.
Gladden, all you keep in the high L.A.
Bush, Cheney, Stiggers.
You know, I don't get it.
It's so much hypocrisy.
You know, they want to be Republicans, but you know, everybody that helps them out is a Democrat.
Yeah.
But how about the Democrats and the legislators?
You hopped over on the other side of the house when they voted yesterday on the electors.
You're in the deep shout.
It's hard to find a real Democrat in the deep shout.
Whether it's Cuban, whether it's whatever it is, it's pretty hard to find one.
I don't know what the interest is in having Bush in there.
There's an underlying factor, I guess.
Dun, dun, dun, dun.
Because this guy's an idiot.
Obviously.
Obviously that lost your look.
Well, it's not complicated.
He's a face man for the family.
Don't you understand that?
The family had the reigns of the government taken away eight years ago.
They hate Clinton and grow.
Mostly Clinton like poison.
And now is their chance to take it back.
Baker and Cheney and all the same people when they're before.
Yeah, they see no flaws in the city.
When Clinton was running, oh, because he smoked, oh, but he didn't inhale.
Maybe a big issue out of that.
This guy's a drunk and a...
Yeah, but you're forgetting about the blow, Joe's man.
See, you're forgetting about the importance of having a great day, pal.
Yeah, I guarantee you, George W.
He's going to be getting us no head.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a 18T.
In fact, he insisted on driving the limo to his own inauguration.
Yeah.
Or his Ted Kennedy going to be driving him.
And Rick Sanchez.
Yeah, George W.
He's speaking the night.
And like I said before, all you people getting all worked up to a frenzy.
Both candidates were terrible.
We're trying to keep...
You know, use Gore as the buffer to keep the fascist out.
He didn't... he did a terrible job.
I've anticipated.
Managed to let it slip right through his fingers right there at the end.
And then this is what we're stuck with.
Don't be blaming the creeps that came in or in store.
You left the opening, you know?
It's like when your defense falls apart.
They're right at the end of the game.
It's like the Dolphin Jets game a few weeks ago, the first one.
You got to a big lead.
Now, all of a sudden, right there at the end.
We'll just want you to think you got it in your pocket.
You let it slip through your fingers.
Don't be blaming anybody else.
Blame yourself.
And that's what the Democrats have to do.
That's what our boys got to do.
And that's what some of the people like Jesse Jackson have to do.
It's one thing to get your people out there to vote.
Now they think he'd come out and do it right so they vote my count.
A. Rod signs for $250 million.
George W. steals the presidential election.
Will you say this is the crying and fall of the...
Here it's on fire.
That's what I'm thinking.
Yeah, you better call it the Cartagagons.
Like Com Cartagons, our cop McFrame.
Are they still picking the salt out of their fields?
I hear he moves the horse away.
$5.6705.60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Lady Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I called you a little while ago, but I never even got to say what it was going to say.
It wasn't bad.
You were on?
I was on, but you just hung up.
What do you mean by that?
You hung up the phone.
It wasn't any big, mean political commentary.
It was just a thought.
It was a nice thought.
I wanted to share it with you.
And you're crawling again?
What did you say that I hung up?
I don't know.
Oh, okay.
$5.6705.60 on the AT&T.
Do you remember which one she was?
No.
I don't either.
Maybe you can introduce her to the banana boat lady.
I think she wasn't that one.
No, I know that.
I think they've hidden off real big.
Here's Poppato Beach.
Hello.
Hey, no.
Yes, sir.
I agree with you totally that I have what's totally dropped the ball.
And I wanted to ask you a question.
I was hearing something about even if they would have done the recount and
grow what of one, that it was some way that they had the legislation picked out or something like that.
How does that work?
I was trying to figure out how that works.
I don't totally understand that.
Don't worry about it now, Pals.
Too late.
$5.6705.60.
Well, I'm not going to go through and explain the whole thing about the electors and all of that.
He don't get it.
And this woman had called a second time if it was so important whatever you were telling me.
How come you couldn't even remember what that was lady that you had to call back a second time?
It was so damn important that she had to call back a second time to tell me when I was with her.
She don't know.
Oh.
Well, let's try this lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
My bag's up past right now and ready to go.
Okay, I have not afforded it so you know, it's a good thing.
But anyway, a couple things.
First of all, I'm sick as you are at seeing the same stupid pictures on Channel 7.
It's like how many times throughout the few people wave.
You know what they look like.
And the other thing that bugs me is Clarence Thomas.
Every time I show a picture of the Supreme Court, he's trying to talk to somebody.
But yet he has never said asked one question.
Right.
Ever.
I mean, it is said by sitting hand asked a question in two or three years.
No.
It's like what is really going on, okay?
And your friend, too, has been at it about me.
I mean, I just, I don't understand how do you, the,
even people think that Bush actually gets it down about them.
Because if they do, they've got to be like,
don't confuse them with the facts.
Don't you just stand there?
Oh, yeah.
I know.
I know.
Okay, the only thing about Florida is your show, but I will be with you.
It's the first time.
Good luck.
Bye.
Don't waste any time.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, these are the anti-immigration people, they're Republican people,
but don't confuse the, see, and I'm not going to keep going with that.
Because everyone wants to talk only about the Cubans,
is if they're the only group in this state that's politically screwed up or in this country,
which they're not, but most of them sure are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
This hour should have opened up a lot of eyes, ears, and rectums in this town.
I'll tell you that.
Listen to this group of, I mean, we've had a few.
We've made a little bit of sense.
And then we had the banana hole, lady.
Here's Volca.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
I happen to be Jewish, and I happen to live in Palm Beach County.
Boy!
And even though I know that I voted correctly, I resent the fact that this country thinks that
people live in Palm Beach County are just a bunch of stupid, winding Jews,
and it really pisses me off.
Oh, there's some stupid, winding Graham in Palm Beach too.
Yeah, I'm not saying there aren't any.
I'm just saying that we, you know, it's not a good characterization.
And I can fact that up by saying that-
But you don't live in cemetery village.
Actually, my grandfather does.
Oh, boy.
Woo, boy!
Anyway, anyway, I just want to fact that up by saying that right after our election,
presidential election, it was a presidential election in Canada.
And they did a study, independent scientist, not some guy whose child is in the third grade who,
in school, was prompted to vote correctly and went home and showed,
look, I can vote on the butterfly ballot.
But an actual scientific study where they set it up, they had two lady candidates from Canada,
and the Fortsburg George Bush and Al Gore, and then they had all the other candidates in Canada lined up.
And the 30% of the people ended up voting for Papu Canada.
So, if 30% of the people voted for Papu Canada, and only 20,000 out of 400, 25,000,
is voted for Papu Canada.
The nationals said people of Papu County are smarter than papu.
Yeah, you're listening, so it's that.
I'm listening.
And so I'm already you.
I didn't say that.
I just said it's all over, pal, the last.
I know, I know, I just don't like the call of a whining whiner.
Well, you took it personally in other words.
Yeah, I always take it personally.
Well, don't do it.
All right, and quit whining.
See ya.
And there's a, there you go again.
Why he must have heard that whining bit?
It's good enough for Brittany, it's good enough for you, sir.
152 of five, we have to good enough for you.
152 of WQM, we got Hank Grober standing by two o'clock this afternoon.
So that big Panther game tonight, wow.
Grober be speaking at nine, George W.
The new president will be speaking at 10.
The new president, George W will be speaking at 10.
Oh my God, the new president.
You have to be kidding me, baby.
Man, even she's gagging on it.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio, five 60s.
QA.
This is Dan Rattler reporting for the UPS TV show.
CBS News.
CBS News can now confirm that a man charged with counting ballots
has been caught eating cats.
The man has been removed from his counting duties
and will be undergoing psychiatric evaluation.
More details tonight of the CBS evening news.
For now, this is Dan Rattler reporting.
She only counts the dice in the lack of lies.
She was balanced in his mouth until his comes out right.
Hopper like Dan, till his man out for he comes to first day.
Swarrowing the tabs, eating all the grass.
He can be once just as foregone he would manage that.
He can settle the thermocrossing disguises.
Oh here he comes, watching content you never know.
Oh here he comes, he's a cherry, though.
Oh here he comes, man this guy is once a cop.
Oh here he comes, he's a cherry, though.
157 and 560 WDQM, here's another lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi Neil, this is a very sad difficult day for us Democrats.
However, the...
Not sad or difficult for me, it's just the life goes on, you know.
Yeah, exactly, that's my point.
It's not the first time a candidate that I voted for supported lost in election.
Life goes on.
I've been in everybody who looks for the same thing, however.
Let's not forget that in less than two years we have other elections coming up.
Yeah.
And the first casualty should be Jeff.
Yeah.
And I think we should...
The Democrats especially need to gather all this energy up.
Yeah, I think we're going to leave for it.
How about if they get somebody good to run against them instead of like a dead man like Buddy McKay?
How about Waxflor?
Huh?
Waxflor?
Sounds great to me.
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Okay, talk to you guys.
Got my vote.
Oh, done.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, he was really out of control.
Did you see him there the night just screaming in hysterical as...
