You show on 5-6-0 QAF.
It's off to Neil, on 5-6-7.
On 5-6-0 free in David Rower.
On 5-6-0 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is getting in color.
You not necessarily represent those of the complete grunt that's great.
It's that advertisers are agent to now.
Here's Neil Roger, on 5-6-0 QAF.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, I love that tune.
I've got a candy tune.
Oh, yeah, go on.
Like the lucky oil for sure.
Let's dance with you, then, too.
I'm really, I'm a human.
I have human emotions.
I like George W. Poo, who did not.
Where he's been taken by a judge.
I've got this VIP.
Very worse than most.
That George W. Poo, he's here to meet.
Well, he wants it about the captain.
Cause he's been seen.
He's Friday's brain on the party train.
With that waggy and witty.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
All the real ideas.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
I want a walk like you.
Talk like it was true.
Well, take George W. Poo.
And you could be our leader.
Who the hell knows?
10 out of 5 60 W. Poo, I'm happy Friday to it.
Supreme courts meeting, baby.
Oh, the US freaking Supreme courts.
They're holding their me right now.
If I just as run questions, hold them up.
And swastika to begin the ceremonies.
They're doing it.
Are we going to hear it live?
No, no, that's a dang good thing.
Because we probably have to just open a pot and put it on here.
It would be out of business today.
How about Perk?
I guess that I nearly support the legislators plan to appoint 25 electors for Bush.
945 votes are pretty damn impressive.
Total.
Yes, me.
No, 683 72.2%.
Yes, 262 27.7%.
So in other words, almost three fours of this audience said, now we don't, we're not buying
that.
We're not buying that game.
That desperation game.
Anyway, the court hearing is going down from now to 11 30 this morning, hour and a half.
And anything that I mean, we got to hear here's the what's the name Bob Frank.
I'm going to have a police call.
And they got all the other Bush assholes out there, all the protesters.
They're out there waving their plaque, Virginia carrying on.
Bush is the way out.
Bush is the way out.
Bush is the way out.
We still with parents where they're carrying on.
Probably got about brought them all in from FSU and from the camps.
But in any way, speaking of protesters, there's a full pay jet in the newspaper this morning.
How do you like that?
In the Hill, no less.
Full pay jet on 9B.
Sponsored by the AFL CIO, no less.
It said, let our voices be heard.
Let our votes be counted.
This is America County of evoke.
Thousands of us citizens of Florida who went to the polls on November 7 still don't have our votes counted.
Voting is the most basic act about participation in our political process.
But for citizens to participate, we must believe that our votes count and that our votes are counted.
We invite all Florida citizens who care about their vote to join in a rally to the 4PM
at the Stephen Clark Government Center, 111 Northwest First Street.
During community leaders, purgey elected officials, labor activists, and other showing in Florida,
and the country that we will not stand for any abuse or, let me say it again, for any abuse of our disrespect for our democracy, poorly worded.
We will show our nation that we must persist until we vote is counted.
Red, white and blue, red and blue, distributed as a symbol that our voices must be heard.
And our votes must be counted.
Let me say it again, paid for by the AFLC I own.
So that 4PM to Stephen Clark Government Center, 111 Northwest First Street.
And they're inviting everybody to come down and to do a peaceful thing there and show that they're mad as hell.
I'm not going to put up with this anymore. I just, I got to tell you right now that if there really is anybody out there who believes.
I've said this before and I'll say it again, even though some of you disagree.
And as usual, I find it mind-boggling that anybody could disagree with...
Oh God!
At least on this.
The idea that we can really ever sort this mess up.
But there's so much checanally going on here that it's just beyond belief.
There's a story on the front page of the Hill about the felons who voted.
And then of course we already know that there are a lot of people who are inaccurately labeled as felons,
based on the hit list from Catherine Harris, who was yanked off the voters rules.
And then there were 4,000 of them.
Didn't get to vote. There were 12,000 of them.
And 8,000 of those actually went to the original beginning of the names back on there.
But 4,000 couldn't get back on or didn't get back on or didn't know how to do it.
The overwhelming majority of those voters would have voted for Gord.
However, it also came to find out that there were hundreds of felons who joined the Eternal Out on Election Day.
It's really interesting. The last paragraph of this story is a very long story.
Duval County led the state. 243 felons cast illegal ballots.
And it says 75% of those ballots were registered Democrats.
Palm Beach County election supervisor Theresa Lapura ignored the state purge worst after a well-publicized error,
then mistakenly identified 1,000 of the Floridines guilty of misdemeanors as having felony convictions.
She declined comment for this article.
I can't imagine why.
But one of the most interesting story, and this is a new one every day there's new crap,
Pades 33A, they got this one very.
Why did they bury this in the herald?
Suits asked Judd to toss ballots received after Election Day.
Sixth outflow of voters will ask a judge in telehazze as a throughout.
1500 overseas absentee ballots in the state's presidential vote contending in a lawsuit
that elections officials counted them illegally because the ballots arrived after Election Day.
The lawsuit, the latest formal contest of Florida's election,
zeros in on the state rule and effect in 1984 that provides a 10-day post-election day window
for ballots to arrive from abroad to the end be counted.
Warriors for the group said they're completely positive and Leon County Circuit Court.
The plaintiffs will include Mimeo lawyer Robert and Harris contend that the states
will violate Florida and federal law as well as the US Constitution.
If the ballots were physically received after Election Day, they cannot be counted
to the lawyer representing the 6th, why did they burn steam?
Oye!
A New York litigator.
It's a black and white question of law, he says.
While this is valid any official time to the Democratic Party of Ice Brothers in the Al Gore's campaign,
Bernstein and his money co-counsel Randy Weber said the suit of this if successful
would likely turn the state vote in the Democrats' favor.
Besides Harris, the plaintiffs include voters Jill Katz, Robin Kay Adair, Marcel Del Prado,
Jack J. Albuquerque, and Mirian Albuquerque.
The suing secretary of state Catherine Harris, Governor Jim Bush,
and 10 County Canvassing Boards were most of the overseas ballots that arrived after Election
were supposed to have been counted.
Statewide, those ballots added 745 votes to Bush's narrow leading Florida.
The 10 counties accounted for about 1,500 of the overseas ballots counted after Election Day
and split about 2 to 1 in Bush's favor said Bernstein.
This contention closely coincides with court proceedings last week in lawsuit by the GOP
against 14 Florida canvassing boards that had tossed out scores of 4th Election Day
overseas ballots that didn't need various requirements.
The state judge in Tallahassee reportedly told lawyers during hearing that he could find no legal basis for the 10-day window.
Let me read that sentence again.
The state judge in Tallahassee repeatedly told lawyers during hearing that he could find no legal basis for the 10-day window.
Leon County Circuit Judge Elrath Smith indicated he was unlikely to grant the OPP lawyers request for a murder forcing the canvassing boards to reconsider this qualified ballots.
Some legal observers believe that Smith was considering tossing out all the later-riding overseas ballots,
but the GOP withdrew the suit after some of the counties relented and validated many of the discarded votes.
Juan Lebansky, the general counsel for the State Association of Election Supervisors
who was sharply questioned by Smith, said yesterday he believes the 10-day rule is legally valid,
a spokesman for Secretary Harris did not respond to a request for comment.
The rule was enacted under 1984 agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice,
which sued the state because later-riding ballot from overseas military personnel were not being counted.
Lebansky said no one has challenged it in 16 years.
The rule was never made part of Florida election, Malabansky said,
and at least one state statute might conflict with it.
That law stated in the soft-quality and suit requires all absentee ballots to write in elections offices by 7 p.m. the day of the election
and makes no allowance for later-riding ballots.
How do you like that?
So there's another chick in a wood pile.
Black and white matter of law.
We got more goddamn suits going on. Anybody out there keep track of all that?
No, I sure can't. Let's get the Bob the Boxer on the phone to help us out.
I can't keep track of this crap. Let me see it again. I listen to you.
You know who else I listen to?
Just to see what all the big hoop-wow was. I listen to big fat ass,
I listen to the crowd, I listen to the wait.
All he was talking about was the fact that he had to go to San Jose or San...
this summer, Puerto Rico, I don't know, for some golf tournament maturity.
And of course, if events dictate, I'll have to stop somewhere along the way in the Pompid or Studio,
so I can be on. I'd like to, you know, the hip-hop process can't go on less fat asses on here.
And then after lunch at Mami's, I was in the current attorney, I turned over to your girlfriend for a couple of minutes.
Shrill and hysterical. Shrill and hysterical and kvetshi and enruying.
In fact, I still have a ajita. So you enjoy it.
Okay. 10 past 10 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Most persons at Sodor know that these are the first written permission of W.A.M.
These are broadcast group inquiry. Okay, whatever you say.
10.30 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Here's a great story from Newport News.
Catherine Ortega was looking forward to eating a chicken dinner after a family outing at Tuesday night.
Shrill to box a fried wing from McDonald's and was putting them on plates for her two children
when she found a chicken par that definitely wasn't a wing.
I noticed that it had a bacon head eyes, said Ortega.
I screamed the unusual piece of chicken to not to be a fried chicken head.
I didn't know you could get hit in McDonald's.
Ortega called the McDonald's on work near Hickory Point Boulevard where she put her to dinner and told a restaurant manager about it.
She said the manager was pretty mad or a fact.
She said, just bring it back. We'll send it back to the company.
Uh-huh.
The manager told us she could have a refund or another box of wings.
Ortega said she lost her appetite for chicken.
There's no way I wanted another chicken box.
She said she fixed real cheese sandwiches for her family.
Probably cooking home from now on.
And she said she said she was unable to sleep Tuesday night.
I kept thinking about my children eating it.
Ortega said she said that if he just had her children big in her younger hours, five years old, probably would have bitten the head without looking at it.
Or I hit when that happens.
Ortega isn't sure if she'll file a lawsuit but she said that she's contacted the FDA for advice on handling the incident.
Also, paying a meal with McDonald's officials who want to know more about the matter.
Maybe slip her a few bucks out of the table to dummy her up and prevent the lawsuit.
How do you like that?
You just saw some head of McDonald's.
560.560 on EAT and T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Attorney's Revised President Al Gore have long argued Palm Beach County officials use more restrictive standards when recounting disputed balance.
But on Thursday, the officials offered mathematical calculations to back up those claims.
And we started yesterday with what's his name, boys?
We already saw that.
So one of the big problems was these Chad's that build up under the controls.
Just by camping in Astray, if you keep smoking cigarettes all day and say you have like five people in the car smoking, change smoking.
And you don't have to be in the Astray, I pretty soon it's going to be spilling out over the guy they implore.
And you can't jam any more in the Astray.
Also, same thing with the Chad's that build up under the punch rules.
So all you people are going to laugh at the so-called dimpled ballots of pregnant Chad.
The reason that those happen is because people can't stick it all the way through, which again you have to hate when that happens.
They keep probing and pushing and sticking, but they can't put it all the way through because of Chad Durban.
In fact, they got a picture of one guy in here, Emmant Packard Blake, who looks certainly strong enough to shove it all the way through.
Although he is a Delray Beach nurse, it says.
But it says he had so much difficulty voting that he asked for a new ballot and different voting machine.
And then stayed behind to watch others to see what the Hanky Panky was going on.
It says Chad can pile up enough to blockable from registering.
Like an Astray, the door must be emptied quite often.
He says if I was a judge in the case, I'd be asking what procedures were used for cleaning and preparing the machine's fire, the election, to make sure there was no accumulation of Chad.
And I'll say it again, all the dupal ballots in that big count in that Texas election that the Republican requested,
are at least single one of the dupal ballots was counted.
How do you like that?
He still was, but they were all counted.
Just mention that in passing.
Here's a call in Helenville. Hello?
Yeah, I'm on it. I'm at McDonald's.
I think a 60's chicken leg head.
Uh-huh. Mi-Ked.
Listen, I was watching a lot of probably, and there were a lot more often of him to head that new Mi-Ked.
Mi-Ked, he'd be there.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, yeah, let's watch in the news.
How sick is it?
Or we're following the actual truck.
Oh my God, the truck.
Yeah, but you know, this was an Azuzel truck today.
We didn't have the old wire truck.
Oh my God, I think the old truck, I think it's about eight miles to the down.
Every angle on the Jesus Christ, that's sick or what?
Very sick.
Oh my God, God help us.
Neil?
Yes.
I'd like to say hello to Big Dick over at Marko Island.
Okay.
Well, Big Dick, what's up, Joe?
Okay.
5, 6, 7, what's going on here today?
You know, something strange coming to work this morning, I thought it was a holiday or something.
There was no traffic in 5, 95.
Everybody gone?
What the hell happened here all of a sudden?
Maybe we just all bailed out.
When did that they bailed out?
In fact, maybe they just want to avoid that weekend of camp that they're here, or some of us might get?
Yeah.
Three weekend of camp, or do you want to go or not?
5, 6, 7.
Are these guys working today?
What the hell is going on here this morning?
This is a very bizarre.
I think we'd be out of here.
Everybody left town.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Hey, listen, about that bill, what's with Chad?
That doesn't happen, guy.
It does not parod on the same type of thing as, you know, like your three-hole punch.
I would figure that if everywhere just a boat or a boat or a punch to every button, I mean, it froze into a bin there.
Into a bin there's boat.
But the bin is the only, no, you're wrong.
It's only deep enough to get to a handle so many in an after-after-wood.
It piles up.
It's only a certain depth.
No, sir, you're wrong.
No, I'm not wrong.
It's right here.
There's a whole article about it.
The elections people are agreeing with that.
So you can call up any radio show and make some kind of stupid ass-knit.
I'm saying to tell me I'm wrong.
But I'm not wrong.
It's right there and black in the purple.
Asshole.
We'll pick your nose some more over there and Fort Myers.
Okay, and leave us alone over here.
We got problems.
No, you're wrong.
It falls into the well.
Yeah, like a pussy in the well.
We know five, six, seven, oh five, six,
nine, five, six, the only eight, three,
three, look at all these Hitler youth.
Oh, there we got a couple of people that go to leave them.
Look at that.
Under the age of a hundred.
Go to leave them in science.
And then there's the so-called loser in science next to them there in California.
And they're all marching and carrying on and making a lot of noise while there's pervacity.
You could look around and you could see for somebody.
Hey, I'm not a musician.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Why do you want to know why they do you want to do it? Why is that? Because they know they lost. That's why. Make no mistake about it. I don't care who you're living for. It's a free country at least as they're the moment. Some are free, even for a police state. But you can be for whoever you want, but the fact is everybody who wants to be even a little bit honest about it knows that Al Gore won this state in one of the election. That's why they continue fighting the way that they're fighting because they don't want to have a story away from them. Why did they brought Dan White? They know they're one to God damn thing.
And they keep asking the obvious question they never get an answer. What could possibly be wrong with counting your vote? Why could anybody who really wants to throw election be opposed to that? Wow, they counted and recounted, yeah, but there's a lot of votes. There are a lot of votes that ever were counted the first time. Yeah, but they just keep counting and recounting until they get number they like. No, the fact is that you got a number that you like and you want to shove it off in the middle of the eighth inning of whatever it is. That's the deal. And that's why they're petrified. That's why they're peeing in their pants. That's why they're shmating.
They're getting all kinds of purple and technicolour because they're afraid that this election and there's there's JBS today. Did you see the comment that he made? I almost I almost sent my pants. When they were asking about you know what he signed if the legislature which you're going to meet Tuesday and put up this funny slate of electors. What he signed the bill if they found it necessary to pass a new piece of legislation. What he signed it is. You know, the Democrats want me to abandon my family. I hate to break the news. The answer. You're
not just in the eyes of the law, the brother of the governor of Texas. You're supposed to be the governor of the state of Florida. They want him to abandon his family, which was co-op for saying, Hey, guess what? My name is Bush and I'll do whatever the hell it takes to make sure that my brother gets in. That's exactly what he was saying to make no mistake about that. Here's for the other day. Oh, Neil, how you doing? Okay. I just saw my thunder. I was just going to tell you that I don't know if you watch the news yesterday, but Jeb was on there.
Oh, yeah, they want me to portray my day. Well, I'm going to leave my brother and let him do it every one of you. Yeah, abandon his family. Yeah, that's all I had, but that's why I let people know that this is the fix. Okay. Why don't you watch for the chat? Well, speaking of fix that's our poor question today and for the weekend. This should get some response. Here's today's poor question on your laundry dot com. This election in Florida was three choices as honest as any other state. Flood, but only by accident.
Or fixed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th and provides them one of us. And for anybody out there who thinks that at
the moment, 30 after the US Supreme Court is still hearing these oral arguments, can we say all these arguments that they're going to have a decision for you. Forget about it. I have a decision like maybe one day, too. They whenever they get around, whatever, whatever they pull that twisted cross out of where you might
question. Whenever they get that joint out of current Thomas's puts. Here's a mobile in port water. They all hello. Yeah, yes, sir, how you doing? I'm doing great. Quick question based on your theory about the back of the chat. If that's true,
the one my theory, it's not a theory. Well, let me ask you question if that's the case then why would the punch cards be completely pushed through the whole card.
And then it wouldn't be able to be pushed to the president because that's the rather full of chat. Right. I'm sorry because we're wherever the
dimple is that that's the well, that's true. That's the one. What you're saying is it's going to build up only under the
presidency, but not under this action. Not about the car. It's going to make sense. Don't you wonder what let me ask you this, which
which area do you think is going to get the most votes? No, yes, I'm sorry.
What's the right part of the balance you think in a presidential election is going to get the most votes in most
precincts? The whole card is going to get get voted on.
Okay. Did you hear the question now because my car from
the phone get a new phone have the Republicans buy one and call us back.
So you'll confuse these people with the fact that they had pictures of it. We did it yesterday.
That they before actually had photographs of it. That showed the build up of the chat underneath where the guy was supposed to punch the holes.
Whatever it gets punched the most that why it's going to get full first.
It says Chad can pile up enough to block a vote from registering says Douglas W. Jones a computer science
professor who shares the Iowa board of exammers of voting machines in an electronic voting system. Like an
ass rate, the draw must be emptied quite often.
And it goes on to talk about how many chats it can handle before they build up. But the fact is that in very heavy
precincts, what are a lot of voters and maybe and maybe the less educated voters, maybe that's all a
good about for president. As opposed to this cockamaming math, this fuzzy math that some people keep peddling us.
And oh yeah, everybody in their brother this year, they're going to vote for president.
Or that the other way around. They're going to vote for all these other things. But we're not surprised at
so many people don't vote for president. Right. Right.
And the story to this story on the front page of the newspaper today in the Sunsetville minority and senior voters are most rejected.
A third of all but is qualified votes 22,870 in Palm Beach County were concentrated in mostly black zones.
Where at least 8% of the votes for president went uncounted. Well, that was in power dating Palm Beach.
8% anybody believe in that? No. No. And now we have to argue here's the guy who was in this guy's title.
He's a computer science professor who chairs the Iowa Board of Examiners of Voting Machines and Electronic Voting Systems.
He's what they call an expert. Oh, he's a paid off. Yeah, that's right. He don't know what he's talking about.
The guy from Fort Myers, he was craft and those black voters, the animals, anyway.
So let him move the note. 1026 at 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM.
Friday you first.
This is the year that I'm going to get smart. Yeah.
The opposite friends the hats already started.
Think you're ever going to see my face in the crowd pushing in a shoving door.
Think so. Oh, not on your life.
Think on a big note.
That's what my computer is doing.
Don't delay the appway and shop for life.
I'm on your life.
Will that person it's me over?
I don't have to hear the phone.
I can click a mouse and hear the sign.
I'm so sorry.
1031 at 560 WDQM.
Why on the front page of the Sunsets for that Jackass and Fort Myers?
Here's an article about minority and senior votes are most rejected.
I just got through giving them the statistics.
About 8% of the votes for President Uncandid and Dave Brown in the Palm Beach.
8% of votes.
But mostly in black zones.
So as voters interviewed in the problem districts described, who distinct sources of difficulty?
A voter registration drive by several might groups that many million experienced
or non-English picking voters to the polls.
Some said they thought they needed punch holes for both the president and his right.
But perhaps more significantly for the court battles.
Voters in some areas described trying to stab the number for goal with their stylists
and needing physical resistance most likely from the Dave's accumulation of Chad.
Gore staff said that this is a key reason why the vice president continues to fight
in court for the pregnant and the defaults had to be counted.
Varnette Wienes, a poor clerk for precinct 263 and 266 in Miami said she tried to shake out the Chad every few hours
although she did have one machine become clogged beyond repair.
It might have happened once or twice because some booths do get used more than other ones she said.
In precinct 263 lower-park elementary school, 98% of all presidential votes counted were cash for Gore.
Just over 10% of votes cash were disqualified and 3.5% of all voters showed no vote for President
although other races were registered.
Yvette McLeod, 39, a safety engineer for MetroDade, had trouble making her pin go through a precinct 263 by 8.30 in the morning.
You couldn't get it to go when she said I forced it and took me four tries to get it.
When McLeod returned home later that day she told her neighbors her friend Margie Atkins had the same problem
so that her father and her twin brother, everybody was scratching their heads wondering if their pin actually went true.
The numbers bolster black civil life activists were suspicions of what happened in minority neighbors on election day.
How do you like that? But I just made it up. Say, I just made it up.
Don't confuse these republicans and that Jack Assobeter informed myers don't confuse them with the facts because they still refer in square.
They got the inside dirt from Chad Everett.
Here's a mobile and fort waterdale. Hello.
Yes, Bill. Yes, sir.
From the New York Times this morning, my any mayors role your will in decision to halt recounts.
In the hours before and after Miami Day County, 10 recappers halted last week,
Democrats and Republicans believe that one man had the power to determine space.
Alex Penelas, the 38-year-old Democratic mayor of Miami Day County,
who went on a stop-floor to politics.
No, you know.
Last Tuesday, as the county's hand count recounts,
racked up dozens of new votes for a vice president allegor,
the mayor had lunch at the governor's club in Tallahassee with a Republican state legislature.
Later, he met with other Republican lawmakers who are significant to Mr. Penelas,
because Florida's legislature will draw new congressional districts in 2002.
And Mr. Penelas, political observers say,
high slopes of running for Congress, as a Republican.
The next day, the three members of the day county,
the Madison board, one of whom works for Mr. Penelas,
voted to stop the manual recount and cancel its plan to review the 10,750 ballots
that voting machines said had no presidential preference.
The vote came during the Florida Supreme Court's ruling that we counts could go forward.
Not long after, with Mr. Gore called Mr. Penelas and asked for his help in reversing the board's position,
according to Mark Pervenin, the Gore campaign's communications director.
The Democrats who are using the events from day county
as a central argument in their current court case,
privately suggests that Mr. Penelas double crossed them.
They say he either influenced the board's decision or, through inaction,
created a political room for senators to stop the hand count.
We thought he was on our team setting senior Democratic officials,
to spoke on traditions of the economy.
And in the end of the year.
That, yes, exactly.
The article goes on to say that Mr. Penelas,
in the very diverse field,
began in the 20th and the fat-capping and the very damaging moments in Mr. Gore.
Mr. Penelas was on the sidelines.
Democratic officials were quickly allowed.
While Democrats have made unruly Republican protests outside the board's meeting room,
the center of Elos', those who know Miami politics,
were ethnicity, usually more important than party affiliation,
look for other explanations and motives.
The whole team of the vice-species were happened surrounding the decision
to close down the recents, and represented Carrie Meeks,
the Democrats from Miami-Gate County.
People are suspect, because,
wouldn't you be, if there were 10,700 votes that were not counted,
the Democrats clearly believed Mr. Penelas was an ally,
and they blamed his action at the critical moment on his ties
for Republican politicians here, including representatives,
Lincoln D.O. as allies.
Yeah, and Illinois was later in the year.
Oh, my God. There you go.
Who led Mr. Bush's attack on the Florida recount?
Thanks for the bad news, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, Mayor Pinga Piccania, recall Newsweek magazine in line
with who he was just talking about when they just stopped the vote
and they had the recount.
County Judge Miriam Lear was also reluctant to forge ahead,
of course, to talk about how David Lear had fainted in the
a previous 1985.
He passed out.
But anyway, she was reluctant to forge ahead,
and Orthodox Jew, she had, according to County officials,
complained about having to work on the Jewish Sabbath.
She made her fault other pressures as well,
but officially non-partisan,
she is married to a Republican activist,
Miami lawyer Bruce Lear, who two months ago was appointed
to the date County Republican Executive Committee.
How do you like that?
Oh, I know.
And it goes on a great length in this week's news week,
which I have on my hand right now, that he's December 4th issue,
about the crap about all these imported Ojohn provocative
blame that were brought in there just to stir the crap up.
In fact, where is the one page where it shows this poor heritist?
Pushing and shoving, waiting arms and pumping fists,
about 30 or 40, can't look at young Republicans,
poured into the 19th floor reception area, shouting,
let us in, stop the count, stop the fraud.
They banged on the double doors of the ballot counting room.
Joe Geller, the Democratic Chairman of Miami-Dade,
had the bad timing to arrive on 19th floor at 10 a.m.
just as tempers were flowing.
Geller wanted to pick up a sample ballot to show an expert
witness who planted testify in the coming court challenges.
Geller slid the sample ballot into his pocket.
A woman suddenly out of the top of her lungs, he stole a ballot.
Demonstrator surrounded Geller and began jostling him.
The Democratic boss fled down the elevator,
with his classic brown shirt tactics, he told Newsweek,
it was totally a deliberate thing.
How often did I know I was a lawyer,
was designed to intimidate people.
This is what goes on in Dade County,
under the guise of an election, under the guise of counting votes,
under the guise of democracy.
21 before 11 in 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAF.
The Neil Roger Show, New Sports Radio, 560 QAF.
What are you saying?
That's troopers, keep it going for us tomorrow.
Any interest?
Any interest in what?
In Goa?
Sure.
Anyway, here's the Roger Contact.
And then perhaps, maybe us.
Now, I'm going to ask the police for the day I want to go on.
I will be here, Ted Olson's argument.
Arguments are going on right now.
The other side will be speaking soon.
And as I say, and the Greta says in all words,
that you cannot clean too much from the questions that the judge has asked.
But from what they ask, they seem to be very, very concerned about their role
and whether or not they should be playing a role in this at all.
And I thought, just in Stinsbridge, we've marked about,
don't we defer to the highest court of the land whenever we should.
I thought that may be pretty telling.
Roger, yesterday in their reply brief, the one filed yesterday,
the Goa campaign, all but implored these justices to stay away from the issue
of the role of the Florida legislature.
Roger, contact with inside or the Supreme Court says that repeatedly,
all of the questions, Ted Olson was making the argument for the Bush people.
Yes, the court, the court, the court, the court, the court, the court,
the court, the court, the court, the court, the court, the court,
and the Florida legislature.
And then if there's a problem after that, up in the Congress, why are we hearing this?
All of it, not just the liberal judge yet, but all of it just is asking the same question.
That has not, there was no remarks made about the special session of the federal, of the Florida legislature.
All right, let me come back to something else you said a moment ago.
You and Greta point out a lot of times you can't really tell from the questioning
where the justices are coming from.
But would you characterize their questioning as harsh or skeptical or merely inquisitive?
You know, I would say clearly inquisitive, Frank, this is there was no ranker, there was no, you know, antagonism.
But there certainly was a question of asking Olson to explain why the federal judiciary should be involved in this case at this time.
Also the question of the issue of deferring to the Florida Supreme Court.
Is it this Florida law? Is it this what the Florida Supreme Court?
Yes, they reconciled these two statues.
Perhaps we don't like the way they reconciled these two statues.
Perhaps we don't agree with it.
But isn't this something that the Florida Supreme Court should be doing?
Should we, the federal judiciary, be involving ourselves with the Florida Supreme Court?
Even if we don't like it, it really is a Florida issue.
And then they pointed out, however, that Congress has set out another scheme as part of the scheme, that if there is a problem,
that eventually its Congress will decide, would they hint that if Congress doesn't do it right, perhaps then there's a federal question.
And then the Supreme Court could be involved.
And Roger, as you were looking around inside that incredible courtroom today and reading the faces and the body language of some of the others,
and I'm thinking the Lawrence tribe who didn't hear, but who will be arguing for the Gore campaign, any sense, any reactions, where to write, where to the jot down something to rebut later?
Well, there was great note taking being done by all.
The lawyers were too busy.
I'm sure thinking about their own moment in the sun to be looking at what else was happening.
There was one I thought interesting moment when Ter Olson, who, as I say, was being peppered with questions,
and once was being asked a question by Justice Ginsburg, what happened, began to answer and said,
well, Justice Ginsburg, I mean Justice Ginsburg, and I thought, oh boy, this is pretty much having a tough time up there, but let me assure you that he has acquitted himself very well.
All right, Roger, come on.
Okay, there you go. So far, not looking too good for the Bush, or I lost it when the U.S. Supreme Court.
Just saying, what are you coming to Westwood, Jackass? But anyway, don't confuse him with the facts. Here's Hollywood. Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to deal with the issue of taking votes away from the veterans.
Yeah?
Yeah.
We've got Colin Powell. Does anybody ask him what he thinks about this?
What he thinks about what?
About trying to steal votes away from the veterans.
What does that mean taking votes away from the veterans? What is that?
What is that on TV? I guess today, these three lawyers that are filing a suit that they want to erase all of votes.
No, they want to erase the votes that came in after the deadline because it's not legal.
Well, and not only then, they were all, and you keep saying veterans.
They were not talking about veterans who are talking about people who are active in the military right now.
Yes.
And also, the overseas ballot, they don't distinguish. In other words, when those ballots come in,
they don't identify whether they're from military, whether they're from tourists, whether from people who live in a snowboard's party or in other countries.
They're overseas ballots.
Well, I think that when you have a soldier in a far off land, and they're trying to tell them that they're not going to count their vote because someone didn't put a stamp on or something.
No, this isn't what the lawsuit about. It's not about somebody not putting a stamp on it.
This is about whether it came in by election day. That's what the lawsuit is.
Well, I hope that we put a lot of thought on the part of it.
And if the vote comes in late, it should be counted. But if somebody's living overseas in France or in Israel or somewhere in their vote comes in late, it shouldn't be?
Well, no. I just understand some of it, but they were saying that votes that come in 10 days after the votes are counted.
That's right. They were counted. But that's what's being challenged in court because as I read from the article from the Hill this morning,
it says that the rule was never made law and it conflicts with at least one state statute.
And the lawyers who are filing lawsuits say it's a black and white question of law.
If the ballots were physically received after election day, they cannot be counted.
Well, I think that I think that whole issue is getting gathering the votes from the guys overseas should be put more importance on to it.
From what I've read.
In other words, if you're in the military, your vote is more important than mine. Well, you know what?
Blow it out your ass. That's what I say to you.
These are the same people that are arguing about the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment and about the recounts are bad because they discriminate and they make one person vote more important than the other.
And these are the same people that say, but if you're in the military because we know the odds you're probably going to vote for us, then your vote is more important.
And I say, don't do you OK? Blow it out your ass.
These people don't understand the whole basic concept of one person, one vote in this goddamn country. You all get it.
Whether it's one new Shapiro over there who's in Israel, whether it's Eddie Jackowitz who's over there in Amsterdam, having a good time or somebody in the military, whoever it is, the law is the law.
And let me say it again. It was your secretary of Bush. She was the one who directed every one of the 67 counties in this state.
Were they written directive that if the absentee overseas ballots didn't have stamps if they weren't, didn't arrive on time and if they didn't have a postmark, they weren't to be counted. That was a directive from her.
Come on, it's a democratic plot. No, that's right. I forgot.
Here's a call spring. Hello.
Let me tell you something about these veterans. A lot of veterans in Palm Beach County didn't get their votes counted.
I said that the other day. That's right. Maybe W1 they fought and who knows?
Yeah, they fought the wrong war unfortunately. Let me tell you something. I was born in recent Chicago politics. And if any of these yuppies came into the next time any of these republicans and yuppies come in and start banging down the doors, we're going to get a bunch of guys who start banging them down. That's the way to do it.
Yeah, I mean, I've never seen, I've never seen such a liberal we have such democratic we've found here. It's unbelievable. The local democratic organizations down here, it's stuck and it's been part of the problem.
Okay, well, thank God we have a finger pick any of it's pretty obvious where he came out on this.
Yeah, what we just talking about this year, they all these make believe Democrats still here in the deep South, all these people masturbating as Democrats, but really being Republicans are Bob Crawford and they're a finger pick any and so many the others and Jim novel and four waterdale and the list of Iran and on who?
Theresa, Theresa, the poor in Palm Beach County.
Republicans in drag.
You're not full of us, Mayor of Pingda, Pacania, you're the cigarette or word pilot comes just no surprise to me. None. You know, when you talk about fixed elections and I don't care what anybody says to me because I've been here a long time. I've been here 25 years. Now, nobody are watching on the metro rail.
The election on the metro rail, which they spent a fortune trying to put over and of course the hell was the participants they usually are. They were a party that were fraud and masquerade trying to bring washed the public and put that over on us.
And they were losing and losing and the election is usually they county devotes were very slow and it went on and dragged on and on and on to the reawers and then very late at night they said, well, we have the last precincts coming in from homestead.
Now, let me ask you this, does the metro rail want anywhere near homestead? No, no. If there any reason why anybody in homestead would want to pay tax money to build a train to know what that doesn't serve them in any way, shape or form.
But wow, just like a miracle, it passed.
Then of course we've had a series of elections where if you force something you vote no, if you're against it you vote yes.
Purposely done to confuse the electorate. The most classic example being after Mayor Pinger Picany got elected and in large part on his on his pledge to the public that he wasn't going to be a partner with Mickey Harrison and spending if your tax dollars to build a billionaire or a goddamn arena downtown.
Mayor Pinger Picany gets elected now with a certain fair thing though. We have another special election here on whether or not you people want this this guy dim one elephant.
And it's the same thing if you're for it you vote no if you're against it you vote yes. And I remember again very specifically watching the election night and all through the evening it was losing like two to one and all of a sudden later on late in the night it turned around completely turned around.
Whatever the way another would like I'm safe was a hundred thousand four fifty thousand again now all of a sudden it was a three hundred thousand you see what I'm saying the other way around.
And it passed.
And there's that and then from now until the end of time until they tear that building down someday you're going to have to wind up paying tax dollars in the county for the upkeep on that building.
Whether I bet seventy thousand people most nights and were they and they had to do the same thing in the upper deck I mean at least in the macarena we're not trying to be people are in the panther games.
But at least we haven't had to close off any of the seats.
This is a town to talk about Bushley a greater Joe Robby Stadium or P.P. Park whatever you want to call it and during baseball season they have to put that gray crack that they do over the seat to the upper deck to close it down they put that gray whatever you want to call it Schmutz.
And now they do the same thing in there and not only that but I'm reading in the paper the sport and a lot of seats that were sixty-eight dollars each now they're like thirty-three dollars each for the eight games.
In that big spacious wonderful place that's a total clean water everybody tells me an embarrassment and a joke that we had to build from the key or because what you got in this town ladies and gentlemen are partners in crime that's what you've got may
a ping up the can you and Nikki Harrison and a bunch of other God then grave robbers and don't ever kick yourself because the little people in this town don't count for nothing you ever got a chance.
And everybody gets right around by the nose every time just like with the alien business and the same suspects among the good areas and all these other God and grave robbers come out there drag it these people around calling the shots Ramon foul Sanchez Lincoln Diaz Borgh Iliana gross of Rosanna Dan.
They are afraid again it's like the flamingos of higher. You ever seen that.
The guy with the whistle guy hands a whistle when speeding time guy goes out there goes the whistle all of the mingos line up and they go step along because they know they're going to get fed and that's how it is in the county.
We want to have an orchestrated song and a dance get everybody whipped up to a friend. Ramon foul Sanchez they get going on the guy then the skank Bay of the Skane this game.
They're going to be a little bit of a hell of a used to be called so I just changed it. They get the guy then board school but they're a little care of and they get everybody in the streets they get the cars going to block the road and hey here we go.
Just wait for me to whistle.
Yeah whistle while you're jerky.
Anyway moving right along here's plantation hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good day. Good day. Did you notice there was an election in Canada?
Yes I noticed that they have one recount in some little a little part of Quebec one little whatever they call those up there to not counties whatever they call them. No not a problem.
I'm one little like would be equivalent of a county in Quebec but I didn't have everything that's moved me and that frog got back in again. No problem.
Oh I see that Mayor Mellos happens and problems up there in Toronto. Yeah right. You see that getting blackmailed by a couple of year he had an affair 80 million years ago. Yeah. How he's getting blackmailed pro mayor Mell.
But anyway last week I think you're playing a lot of that the douche land Uber alleys that's during music that's happening. Yeah. Now when I need to practice goose stepping around because I think we're all going to have to fall in.
Just like those flamingos baby. This way from the whistle.
How's that pull come on glad you asked the election for the wise in your opinion we got 57 votes or far not exactly steering. Well you know that's because nobody's listening to you.
So if you're not listening to me you're not going to have to say that the election of Florida would speak say 51 people 71% is honest is any other state 11 or 15.2% law but only by accidental events 10 people 13.8%.
So so far 71% of this audience is this election was freaking thick. This is 560 QAF for trade you 560.
Now you can see my heavy pork water day a measly broadcast group station W 2 a.m. com or the world.
Just in time for the holidays almost unusual Christmas album ever. Oh girl Winfrey Bergs the Christmas classic.
Oh girl Winfrey Bergs the Christmas classic.
Oh baby Winfrey Bergs the Christmas classic.
It's 1 o'clock right on the notes here 560. I mean you have another 30 minutes in the oral arguments before the Supreme Court.
Then you can be sure Roger Cross I was going to come back out on CNN go up up up up up up like that. I'm a put it on.
Politicians on this is part of the New York Times article that I was reading from before. Politicians on both sides here say Mr. Pinellas were subjected the most intensive lobbying efforts.
Robert Martinez the Democratic mayor of high list and he spoke with Mr. Penga Pakenia shortly after the week how it was hard.
He sounded like he was under pressure. Mr. Martinez said he sounded scared.
And it goes on and on and on a great length many many many pages. Somebody it sounds to me like here was made and offered that they couldn't refuse.
Is that what it sounds like? Yeah.
560. 560.
Pop 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Thank you. Okay. You know what the world for a pandemic is a political opportunity.
He's always looking at how many plans from the beginning was political career to become stronger than then what could we have to governor eventually city wanted to be a process panic president.
Oh yeah. But I don't get to be president of the Kowana squad. Yeah. Hopefully.
You know, you know, this feels like all of us are just going on, you know, you're about to get a cold and you can feel your body changing.
Yeah. I see you very much. I'm going to go in your throat. Right. That's how I feel about all of us is going on.
You sound weird. Well, you know, it's coming and there's nothing you can do about it. Yeah. You know, it's great for it. Uh huh.
I just feel real bad about it. Oh, okay. Well, if that article the news week, the one that says that I was to help Republicans last week were imported on you. Yeah.
Given that that's a ticket to me or money. Yeah. That's the article. That's the one. And it also says, have a great life. It also says they were handed placards to wave t-shirts to wear the sore loosam and t-shirts.
And they were actually let in chance. They practiced it. Stop the fix. Stop the fix. Why should they have to practice it? Yeah.
Count their votes. Well, I said that's not the whatever they would be on. How do you like that? All orchestrated by the brown shirts, the fascists.
Here's Tamara. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I got a chicken head story for you. Yeah. Eating in our favorite Chinese restaurant, both of us ordered to hot pot sour soup.
And while I'm on, I got the soup on the left. Right to my mouth. I will send my hair. Oh, I take out the hair. It's a palm metal.
A little bug. Yeah. And I let it on the table. The boss comes over very sorry. The kid is the way to come over. He says, can I give you one time soup instead? Yeah.
I got the word out. This one. The chicken head was in the long run. So if you miss that. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay. Come on. I'll give them the kid. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Why was one 102 votes on that pool? The election floor was fixed. Oh, no. 72.5% will think it was 6 74 out of 102. 13 people say, oh, is honest. Is any other state?
And 14 said, oh, it was fraud, but only by accident. Here's Lighthouse point. Hello. Please are ridiculous. Okay. Thanks. Please, you ridiculous. So do you. Yeah, I guess you should give it to me. Yeah, I'm being ridiculous. There's another emotional cripple out there that can handle the truth. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Thanks for your very compelling argument, by the way, for whatever was you arguing for. We know what it was. No, it was very compelling.
I don't know what you're not up there arguing before the Supreme Court. Here's course. Bering. So how they'll handle, okay, look, you hear about this business that's going on in seminal and especially Martin County. Yes, we talked about it. Not Nazi. Yeah. They were, they actually took the votes home, right. And the democratic votes would like to put aside right? They were not put aside. They were a schmitt can. They were tossed. Schmitt can. And this is all. I mean, it's in the paper. Right.
I don't see anybody going to the court or will make a decision.
Well, it's in Leon County right now before that black lady judge, whatever her name is.
It's in court right now, if there.
The judge, uh, were Nicky Clark.
That gets me excited.
Well, then watch over the weekend.
You'll be real excited.
Yeah, we got some good stuff come up this weekend.
Like tomorrow morning, the hanging judge up there, the good old boy judge.
I can't think about his name.
Speaking for the end.
The bar of Hayad.
No, the Yahoo guy.
He's wait.
But anyway, tomorrow morning, nine o'clock, I believe is that the, uh, the, uh, the, the,
the cause of ballots.
Well, I guess the ones from big county are up there yet.
How come are we seeing Roger concept?
Well, I think that goddamn chair of that.
Well, that is oozing.
Finally, isn't this something that should, if there is a problem, end up in Congress, rather than with us.
Perhaps later on us.
Roger, we should remind our viewers that what you heard, we will be hearing very shortly after the overall arguments are over because for the first time.
We're going to have video cass, sorry audio cassettes produced almost immediately.
I'm a conclusion of this.
They'll be replied and we'll be replying in here on CNN.
Roger, and what to be clear about a lot of technical, very close to the body.
The language and questioning.
Well, yes, but, but not so much so that, uh, that it was, you know, it's like, I don't know.
I read the briefs, so I knew what was coming and I knew what the issues were and the notion of having these judges or justices.
Uh, immediately start talking about the federal question is something that the board team has raised that it's defense and clearly that was something that was, that I'm sure Mr. Olson knew that he was going to have to discuss as well as, you know, what the proper remedy is.
Uh, you know, if they argue it is basically, look, what happened here was Florida changed the rules that the state Supreme Court changed the rules after the election.
The election was one way that after the election was over, they changed the rules.
Obviously, you can't do that. Obviously, under there, you can't do that. It's a federal question.
It may perhaps even rob voters of their, of their ability to vote and have their vote counted.
Um, so this issue of, of isn't a federal question and if it isn't, then what is the United States Supreme Court doing right now by hearing it?
We knew it was going to come up and it was, it was caught sometimes technically in the, in terms of what the statute requires and sometimes, by, in hypotheticals.
Um, the one question I, I think Justice Kennedy may have asked, he said, look, the, the, the statute of the scheme where the government says, we'll give you money for highways.
If you promise to lower the speed limit to 50 miles an hour, what are we supposed to do if, if in fact, they don't lower the speed limit to 50 miles an hour.
I mean, this, this, this, the United States Supreme Court stepped in at that stage and there's one of the kinds of questions I suppose.
You know, more hypothetical kinds of questions, but all going to the same thing of, is this the time for us to be here? Is there a federal question that's been presented?
Um, and, and if, and if there is, what is the remedy? If it us that should be involved later on down the road or is it Congress and the most fascinating part and hypocritical part is usual about the whole thing is, these are the state's rights champions that are arguing in the US Supreme Court, trying to overthrow or ruling by the state Supreme Court because they didn't like it.
How do you like that? So they, so they trust the people, but when it comes to county votes, they trust machines better and they trust states right, but when they get a ruling that they don't like, then they go to the federal government.
Wasn't it the same bush that was up there you're arguing about all the bitterness and divisiveness in the federal government is too big and Washington DC and it kept saying it without the G, of course, Washington.
Yeah. And maybe some of the short murders on the map. Wow. Here's what Myers Hall. Hello.
Yes, sir. Yeah. What my, I fought my share. That's what that was. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. That was near finger picking his boyfriend. Ever that was before.
Morning in that dark room in the Amsterdam right behind our golf scene. Ever that you're not full of sweet heart.
8 minutes off your limit at 5 60 WQ at 50. I thought you're really good morning. This is 5th press in our door. I believe you should know.
So, counting has always been an important part of my life. Why I have always counted brain over and over until I get a number I like.
For example, on Christmas day, I would count my presents till the aggregate total reach 23 on my birthday. I would count the candles on my cake. So each year they total 22.
That's the year I lost my cherry. Cherry was my dog and I loved him. So please understand I am upset over the recent criticism.
I have hired the nation's premier counter to assist in this election process and his work has already begun.
2 million 910,840,7 votes for gold. We'll get to the bottom of this. Me and the Cal. Thank you.
This is the outdoor.
I think we're going to carry that thing. What are you smiling about? We're not going to have any audience if we don't carry that when they play the audio.
Inquiring minds. Why don't you think? I'm going to have to get the commercials in but the public wants to hear this crap. Here's Perrine.
Hey, how are you doing? I told you earlier I wanted to apologize about my call yesterday. That's not a reflection of me. I just have a smile.
I can't really guess about it. The Cuban people that I will be doing for rare.
Yeah, okay. Great. Call us again in about a year. Here's the pepper pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Listen, I just want to say that that judge in Seminole County has to do the same thing that was given to the Democrat that both will turn down because they were not correct.
So she has to post those votes out. That is the only correct measure that I do on this year.
Yes, I want both out in Seminole County. We probably can.
The answer to the balance here. They got to be thrown out because the Democrats, they have Democrats out there.
That's the one that's going out. That's the 100 vote advantage for Bush right there. Out of those 15,000 absentee ballots.
That's the most common on the service. Can I say this? I like to drive hump over the bag over the face. Okay.
Okay. Okay.
I'm on the off days. Maybe we'll work you in sort of speak. 5.6.0 5.60.5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who this group though?
And let's get to it. Like for a back in the afternoon, up overnight and here.
I have some tourist jacke as with the funny hair. I thought it was like somebody had no something.
5.6.7.0 5.60.5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Many, many open lines here this morning because obviously I'm talking to myself.
And I understand that because we're small potatoes and thank you for the TV set. Thanks a lot Jeff speaking to the pizza lot.
Can you imagine doing what we've gone through with the alien business and now we're the election stuff.
If we don't have this TV set in here and the satellite dish and whatever else, all of which was provided outside.
And of course the fast machine which I bought with my own money. If the watch is do it yourself through you to your curian.
The cheapest bank is on the face of the earth. Here's cool gables. Hello?
Yeah. I just saw a quote from Matt at a Navy time. You got a net group with a good military paper in 1984.
A house from public and leader once in a floor to demand a recount in a disputed congressional race.
That leader was my only Republican, let's be generative. Dick Cheney. What are the.
What a dick. Hey one more thing in the Navy time. There was no reason why the military, I'm retired military.
Yes, sir. There was no reason why the military could not get their votes on every cross station and ship.
There are federal ballots which are recognized by the state of Florida.
Okay. All right, buddy. There's a way. You better believe. Okay, thanks.
Here's the Navy 5 6705 60 say how to run your style by pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line out of town line 8777564345.
That means we can order lunch. I guess George. Oh, and you also have the Hank was right about these.
Gavaskar. Gavaskar. Whatever you call them. They're delicious. I mean, they're a good for you.
And I like this comes to taste better. Yeah, what things are the things that they were.
You've got like flop in your mouth. You know, they're like. They're going to be they're formed all over the place.
You carefully don't get any on your lip because people start talking. I don't really care.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, how are you? Okay.
I'm here. You know, you're me. Yeah, your phone's not the best.
You were a few minutes ago. Maybe I should have hanged up and tried to get it. It's okay.
Got me now. We got you. I got you.
Great. This is me. I was thinking about that.
I was thinking back to the 1906. I have to run this by me.
Okay, your phone's clapping out. 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
That was hilarious. It was a college before that kind of like the bridge.
That was bridge standard. June is a matter of fact. My my my my.
Yeah, my favorite part of the call was when he said. Yeah, I like that the best.
He's one of those marine guys with the boats and the ships and the.
I think this is going to cause like a major new civil war.
I think the country's going to keep in half over this issue because.
I think it's real funny that one guy's being pressured to like resign the other guys.
You know, given his transitional phase, you know what I mean? Yeah.
And I think now you know, I think that's not the difference in only it's we're moving on in.
You know, we're moving on into the whatever East Wing.
And you know what Neil the day that this happens is the day that you know this or something else.
That's why everyone's got their guns to remove the government that was there illegally.
Oh, yeah. That'll do a lot of good when I stepped off and there's losing those.
A neutron bomb is the nevertheless good luck. Yes.
Well, here's another one of these candlelight vigil in Boka.
Should we promote this? It's not at least it's not the what's his name.
It's very good. There's nothing good on TV. Yeah, you know, it's better than those pot life suffers.
Those got kind of old, especially that the pot.
I think it's a new stuff and candlelight vigil in that administration in Boka.
If you care about democracy, don't allow the selection to be still.
It says today and tomorrow.
I'm going to say it's just five December 1st, Saturday, December 2000.
Let me say it again. It's just five December 1st and Saturday, December 2000.
Street 30 to 730 PM.
Lage Road and Town Center. Who would you want?
19,000 votes. Missing out of you.
Standard unity. Stop. Well, I have no idea who this is from.
But yeah, yeah, have a good time.
The more meaningful one that I think was really more specific was the AFL CIO add and the Herald this morning.
It says they join us. We invite all four citizens to care about their vote to join the Numerale at 4 PM today.
At the Stephen Park Government Center, 111 Northwest first rate in Miami.
In fact, free drinks for everybody.
If Steve Park had his way, I'm sure, but of course he is none to say about it.
Don't you think he'd be better than the opinion we've gone back right now?
Just pop up in the chair. Have you ever seen that ad?
Is it come say co that insurance wife insurance company?
The average she keeps the husband is he's got a pop up in the chair with the pine.
He's got the phone rules here. I was gonna see that.
And he's dead.
And the wife comes in always working late again that I might not he's such a walker.
He goes in and she props him up the other way in the chair and she takes the paycheck and the envelope you can see and it's certain and so on.
That's what we ought to do with the Steve Park spotty.
Do a hell of a lot better than that finger pertinion be a lot less dangerous.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, came here from Ohio. Let me tell you one thing.
I've never seen it. So screwed up place in all my life.
You got it.
As this place, but the only thing might come good all this is there's four burrows and that do fall for mayor governor of this place in four years.
Hopefully in some of the bitches be out the past.
Yeah, two years for Jeff. He'll be long gone.
I don't know about that because I didn't go to the bastard anyway, but he was right in with Robin with public and they got no higher.
Because a bunch of crying, uh, breathing, you know, whatever. Yeah.
But anyhow, that's the only good thing that's called come out with the cause.
Go ahead, don't stand the chance and hell of winner this.
Uh, saying through the courts and we'll get a little baby up there and these people are going to realize how good Boba was.
Okay, you said it went on and they all walked out after him.
Now that I'm running for not not quitting.
I remember what it happened.
What I did and I was terrified that was going to happen to me.
But the one exception to that rule is if the justice has asked you a question, you can continue on past that red light until they're finished asking you a question.
So that may mean that this could go if it's as active with Mr. Trive as it was with Mr. Olson.
That could mean that this could go on for a few minutes more past that hour and a half level again, just to reiterate in the part that I saw, which was that initial part with Ted Olson arguing on behalf of the Bush campaign.
There was a great many questions that seem pointed about whether or not this was a federal question, whether or not the United States Supreme Court.
This was the time for the United States Supreme Court to be involved in.
No, should the United States Supreme Court, what is the standard for the United States Supreme Court to be overruling a state Supreme Court?
Shouldn't all deference be given to state Supreme Court and doesn't the statutory scheme set out a scheme in which if there is a conflict that Congress resolved the conflict rather than the United States Supreme Court.
I want to reiterate and underline again that I only heard one side of the argument.
You cannot and should not draw conclusions from how the justices are leaning one way or the other.
These are the kinds of questions that should be expected and that would be expected and I'm sure Ted Olson did expect.
Kind of changing his tone, Lord, but now is not. But anyway, we'll see.
560.560 on the 18P and Verizon wireless line.
Our poor question today, the election photo wise.
613 out of 154, that's 73.2%.
As honest as any other state, 21 13.5% fraud, but only by actual events, 20, 12.9% out of 150 per votes.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, I agree with you about Gavaskon and about those kind of sacred commercials.
All of them are pretty clever, but I want to talk to you about a few things.
Number one, the Cuban Americans.
They seem to want the vaccine cube of the nowhere else.
Yeah, well, yeah, I'm here.
Okay, and the second thing is with the election.
I think there's one point that's been this.
The exit polls show that who are what?
You know why? Because agnobols ask people how they think they voted.
Yeah, a lot of people's weren't counted.
Okay, we know.
I'm sure have a great day.
And thank you and say how do you achieve in France?
560.560.560 on the 18P and Verizon wireless line.
Our stochemio Venus is what I would say to you, sir.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
No. Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I think Dick Cheney had that audit act the other day when he found out he was going to have a bush
anacol and then the white out at the same time.
At a material.
Okay, yeah, before you started.
560.560.560.560.
You may have seen it in the BBC here today.
These great calls today.
And like I've always said, why should there be any different from many other day?
What's the Bush nighter sand?
It's going to be generating to some kind of a partisan split which just reflects the partisanship.
Let's assume for just a moment that the Supreme Court does come out with something approaching a unified position, even if not unanimous.
Wouldn't we then those still expect the partisans on each side to play it or spin it their own way?
It won't be the last word and necessarily the clearest.
That make any difference.
You know, this guy says no.
This guy needs you some serious help.
This is the guy that was so agaft when he was doing the thing about Bubba's blowjob.
This is the guy that was so indignant in the gas.
Maybe somebody ought to show him what that's all about.
How it works for you to put it.
Maybe I'd have taken to McDonald's for once today.
You could maybe get a mchead to get a little perimeter.
5.6705.60.
Com 5.60 is a lady mobile in poor St. Lucie.
Hello.
I am.
Yes ma'am.
I'm here with a hate.
I just got a couple of calls.
I'd like to know if anybody knows how many times that rich rich have been here, one of them is from Sunday.
How many times do you want?
I have.
Okay.
Your phones breaking up sweetheart.
Have cats and buy a new phone.
I think that was Darth Vader.
We're selling that shit to his money.
5.6705.60.
Com 5.60.
On the 18T and Verizon wireless line.
It was the change the law.
That's fine.
And the spring.
So the thing is that the US Supreme Court, which will mostly fully anticipate that they're going to say this is not for us to hear it's a state matter and don't bother us anymore.
What that's going to mean is the photos of the court is going to be what they should be and that is had the final word here in the state.
And so that if these rulings in the uncounty come up in a way that the rich people don't like and then they're going to have what they're going to have to appeal it first to the photos of the court.
You know what the photos of the court is going to say then that's what they're going to say.
And then they're going to go back to the US Supreme Court and they're going to say, do you want to go first time?
26th past 11 and 5.60 WK.
Look at those protesters out there.
We have a friendly way of yelling at that.
That's right.
Police here.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's been very jovial.
And that is the scene out here now.
And the two sides have come to express their opinion.
What did they say, Jebs and Anne?
What did they say?
You didn't answer?
Oh yeah, Jeb.
Take a little jab to Jeb.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
Line 60.
QA.
And.
Thanks for the gas on this.
I think it's your pleasure.
And now the newly elected party elected supervisor for the down.
Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
I am the goal to diagnose your job.
No, it's a new reason for the election.
The election is a quarter-relicient process.
Why is it the highest?
103.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
That's our last election.
A double voting.
A double voting.
A double voting.
He's got a five.
I think the fingers on your hand and the hands,
The hands, the hands, the hands.
Good luck, sweetie.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 4.
I only have 4.
Oops.
Got it.
I'm for a recap.
1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 3, 4.
If you're on the 30th, 5, 6, and you're never going to get the hangover show
to a clock, Dave Wonsett show with Hank at 5.
Yolion, Game Night, 6, and clock tonight.
Seven clock, we got your pretty good,
game that's 7.30 game time for the Macarena Red Wings and the Panthers. Boy, that could be
really, really, on midnight. Let's hope not. Maybe let's hope for a miracle. And let's hope
for some people being there. 4,300 seats still available. I see. And of course, it uses
about 6,000 every game, 6,500, 6,000. Only 4,300 for a night's game. And that being the
fact that as you know, we'll have about 2,000 fake Red Wings fans in there. No, about
500 will be real Red Wings fans. And there'll be about 1,500 only for running a local
people wearing Red Wings jerseys. Who want really Red Wings fans, but because they want
to stand the coast back to back, I'm going to be a fake in them. I don't want to mention
no names. So, you're Red Wings fans or not. But anyway, at least there'll be some people
in the stands, I hope. I'll be there. Here's a lady in the key. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am.
I think it keeps me over and over again on laryking a wily last night at this. But don't say
that. Okay, we're doctor that. But they say that by Gourmet name, there's an indentation.
The rest of the guys is punched out. Why? Even Hutchinson on laryking show last night. You
know which one, neither senator Hutchinson from Texas. Kay Bailey, yeah. Yeah. Well, she was
saying that why, and she was talking with Diane Finestein, she was saying why would Gourmet have
an indentation? The rest of that would be punched out. Well, I saw it after the election,
a female voter. There was one of the polls that she tried to push through. Right. The
change of bill. Exactly. What they did was when she called somebody other, which a lot of
people didn't do, because primarily people are voting for president regardless of the
rest of the ballots. But naturally, we go through as they voted down the ballot. But these
were the ones that they did when they, when the attendance went over and opened the
machine to pull out the chat. Yeah. All these chats are out under door. To see why, I
mean, now these notes aren't being counted though, that they are pushed to the side because they,
the Republicans are protesting that symbol of fact or indentation. Yeah. So anyway, I'm
going to say that the state legislature in Texas lost in the manner to recount every
Dimple vote was counted. He's still lost, but every Dimple ballot was counted. Yeah,
but my point is that on these shows, they say that they have to go by a standard of a ballot,
if it's not consistent. Yeah. So if there's a Dimple by the presidential, regardless,
if it's a Bush or Gore, and the rest of the ballots come through, they throw them out. Well,
the fact is that if the intent of the voter is clear, the votes got to be counted. That doesn't
mean it's the end of the battle. And again, we only heard half of it. As soon as the
Greta gets wired up, she'll be right over. She'll be able to fit in. Oh, God.
That's a great point. Greta, get wired up and come. Yeah. Greta is wired though, joining me in the
studio here is young man. He's wired. He's wired. He's wired. He's wired. He's on election
law specifically. This is my first model. It's him. It's him. It's him. It's him. It's him. It's him.
Either with us and Ken Gross. I have to ask you. Greta was on the other end and explained by
Robert, your impressions and what are you expecting to hear when we hear the rest? Well, I think
Roger is right that this is a very aggressive court in questioning and they're going to be very aggressive
with both sides of the issue that I haven't always been true. 20 years ago and I had my first case
at the court, I knew the trigger court, some lawyers referred to it as sleepy owl. But the other
case, Justice Brever, he could be what it says. I can't define pornography, but I know what he does when I see it.
I heard from Roger. What's the lot? We're the top of the first inning. He's the
board. He's seen the other side and what their play is. And let's just take a moment to step
back and reflect on what this is really all about. But this is all about it. The US Supreme
Court is whether the Florida State Supreme Court exceeded its authority and road law,
and made law rather than merely interpreting law when they said you can hand out and you can
exceed that first deadline that the Secretary of State said she was to certify Florida's vote
by. That's correct. It's a very narrow issue. And what happens with Supreme Court cases is they
may decide a very narrow issue, but the way in which they may decide that issue can have large
implications. Well, from Roger's report, if the court concludes that this case is really at this
point up to the state and to the state Supreme Court, because ultimately it's the decision of Congress,
well, that has enormous implications for this whole process because that takes us to January 6th or
January 5th this year if they pass a joint resolution at which time both the House and the Senate are going to open up
the ballots for the electoral college. And as we know politically, the House is Republican. The Senate is going to be
democratic, at least evenly divided with the Vice President presiding, and that has the rest of the
reform and impasse. Let me just interrupt the picture that you see here is the audio technician and the
president. I think that's the only way to get the votes. I think that's the only way to get the votes
out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
And that's what it works. 24-2-0-560-QM. It's Friday. You're there, Steve.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
Anyway, we got less than two minutes to go here and take it up on how many people on the head on the head and walk you
to the case in front of the Supreme Court.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate. I think that's the only way to get the votes out of the Senate.
So we'll make that advertising on this radio stage. You've probably listed this before, but at least this is the one show on the stage in its honor.
Our management doesn't care enough to provide, you know, with listed numbers. Even with the Georgian, we don't have it.
The Honourable, the Chief Justice and the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
I'd always had timing, was that good or wrong?
Oye, oye, oye.
The Supreme Court of the United States has managed to draw a near and give their attention for the Court.
It's now sitting in this pathetic, stupid state class and this honorable Court for you.
Oye.
Oye, that can't be said.
I was just going to hear you number 00836, George W. Bush.
That's the first one.
The Honourable, the Chief County can't even think of anything.
Mr. Oye, please.
And may it please the Court.
Two weeks after, no matter the number is seven years ago, not too much.
The Court of the Supreme Court overturned and matrily rewrote portions of the carefully formulated set of laws enacted by Florida's legislature
to govern the conduct of that election and the determination of quantum trustees with respect to who prevailed on November 7th.
These laws had been formulated by the Florida legislature, pursuant to an express delegation of authorities to it by the United States Constitution.
The election code that the Florida legislature developed, conformed to Title III, Section V of the United States Code.
That provision invites states to divide rules in advance of an election to govern the counting of votes and the settling of election controversy.
Mr. Oye, here's an section by sort of a state harbor provision for states.
And do you think that it would sound independent?
Why?
I would say that it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
I would say it would sound independent.
It would sound independent.
The simulation of danger and you had assured our
One thing I would recommend to me is
At this point, if the orientation of the
That is thenanismal definition for the
prophets.
One thing I would reference from the
after the 18th century.
We're looking for a federal issue.
And I think this kind of needs to be installed.
The issue might have liked you, but the Secretary of State was instructed by the Supreme Court
not to jeopardize the state's chances and its cited the three U.S. C. sections 1 through
10.
And so if the states are pretty quick, we lie on a federal issue or a federal background
principle, and got it wrong, then we can do it.
Well, I certainly believe that it's mentioned those things.
I think you have to say that it blew past the important provisions of Section 5 and the
benefits of Section 5 years to the states, to the voters in that state, and to the people
run for office in that state.
That is to say that if the rules are complied with, if disputes are resolved according to
the rules that are set forth, then not only will the electors chosen by the voters in
that state be given conclusive effect at the time they are counted by Congress, but
we will not have the controversy dispute and chaos that's been taking place in Florida.
Well, suppose a less federal, less federal, less federal benefit scheme, let's say the
scheme that says states can get highway funds if they hold their highway speeds to a certain
level.
All right.
And suppose you have a state supreme court that, in your view, unleasonably interprets
a state statute that is not holding highway speed to the level required in order to get
the benefit of that safe harbor.
Well, do you think that remains as a federal question, and that you put a peer in the state
court decision here because it deprived the state of the benefit of the highway from the
state?
No, I don't think so.
I think it is different.
This is a great deal, because this is, but first of all, article two of the Constitution
was best authority to establish the rules exclusively in the legislatures of the state,
high in with section five.
Second, ladies.
Well, let's just talk about section five.
I mean, the Constitution question is another one.
The White Reception Five and that regard isn't different from highway funding.
I think it can't be divorced from Article two of the Constitution because it's a part
of a plan for the besting in the legislatures of the state and section five.
Implements, Article two, in the sense that it provides a benefit not just to the state
but to the voters.
But we just talk about the fact that issue.
I assume that if we work on that with necessarily a hypothetical, we could find a case where
a court adjudicated with reference to the federal principle and got the federal principle
wrong.
Did the Indiana versus Panic have that?
Did that happen to you?
Well, I think the state did not pay, the state Supreme Court did not pay much attention
to the federal statute.
It was obviously aware of it.
It did get the federal, there's no federal constitutional issue.
Well, there is a federal, it's not.
It's not.
Although the state recognized it, it blew right past it.
The state legislature adopted the code that the section five, the Article three, of Title
three, invited it to do the state Supreme Court, which had no right under the Constitution.
But I can't divorce the Constitution provision from section five.
But then overturned the plan that the state enacted through its legislature to make sure
that what happened down in Florida was not going to happen.
And so what the state Supreme Court did, knowing for a while with these provisions existed,
overturned the carefully enacted by in Florida.
Mr. Olson, do you think the Congress went past three with an intended, that there would
be any judicial involvement?
I mean, it seems that it can just lend you to those be red.
There's a direction to Congress saying what we're going to do when these electors are
presented to us for counting.
I think it wasn't in some of the directed to Congress, but it seems to me that in the
context in which it was adopted and the promise that it occurred that the concursive effect
would be given to the state selection of electors that is somewhat lengthy remedy and it
doesn't accomplish Congress's objectives.
If it cannot be enforced by an agency of the state government, steps in as the Florida
Supreme Court did here and overturn the plan by which the Florida legislature carefully
set forth a program so that this needs to be resolved.
And we wouldn't have the controversy, conflict, and chaos that we should make a decision
away.
And your submission is based on the premise that the Florida Court overturned something
that this statute had done.
Is it not high-viewed for at least that all they did was fill gaps that it not been
addressed before?
Just as Stephen, I don't think that in this case that's even remotely eye-cruelable,
but what the state Supreme Court did is take a set of time tables, a set of provisions
that yes, and the first one was the mandatory, taken to your view still that the shallow
date can cross and always take.
No, not necessarily that the 102, there's the two provisions that I mean, I want to
say, set those aside in her discretion.
There's neither one that there were an act of God that could lend up the returns from
being filed, that she would have discretion either to accept or reject the returns.
Yes, I believe it would have any discretion.
But would she be compelled in that event to accept the returns?
I don't think so.
She took the decision.
She has the total discretion either to accept or reject.
That's the goal.
Is there any circumstance in which she would be compelled to accept the late return?
I don't know of any.
I haven't thought of any just to speak.
Only your acting and effect that it's a mandatory deadline, I wonder if you really mean that's
made.
No, the problem is that what we're saying is that either it's mandatory in which case she
could not accept it.
But you don't know whether it's mandatory or not, will you be further Supreme Court and
what the...
But the circuit court did in that case, it said that it wasn't remodeled, except this
for purposes of the Shire of the Fair.
But one of the things that's interesting to me is the extent to which she said it was
a change in the law.
It seems to me that the Northern answer that question, you have to know what your view of
the law was before this article.
I think that would answer that this way, is that whether it was Shire of the Law or
May of the Law, it was not must accept.
And there are any circumstances that would not must.
But no, under no circumstances it was it must accept.
Now the sum of them in action down are for, I don't believe so, for official.
Because it was going forward, likely as in most states, in the federal government that
when a official has discretion, may accept or may not accept.
Or, that is the aisle I like to say in the limits of reason.
Yes, if you're for them, then it's in this possible that when the court says she must
accept, under certain circumstances, what they mean is, outside those circumstances,
given the circumstances here, it would be unreasonable.
Well, what the court did was circumstride those circumstances virtually to make them not
exist.
So then what you're arguing about is the determination by the state for Florida as to what the
circumstances are under state law where the action of the state official would or
would not be reasonable.
I think that, yes, but I think it has to do with that in the context in which that was
done when the state Supreme Court so constrained and says in its opinion, she'll accept these
like returns until 5 p.m. on November 26th.
And in the context, there was no discretion left for the Secretary of State at all.
So I'll also ask you because you've been scripting over what I thought was a key piece of the
Florida decision.
The Florida Supreme Court said through the deadline, and that conflicts with another provision
of this law, a provision that says, very soundly, under certain circumstances, it's
a matter of time.
And then there's a rather detailed description of the context of the necessary.
The timeline for when you can answer the account is on the fixed scale of two.
You're up to, and it would be impossible in the popular housing to in one day do where the
statute instructs must be done from the weak count.
The Florida Supreme Court said is the right or wrong, the most appropriate.
There's two conflicts.
And the first one I mentioned straight out until it's 21 a.m. as you are offended.
That, yes, there has to be a reference to a version between the rest of the weak count and
the rest of the, at third nine.
So I reckon trying to reconcile two provisions.
Okay, I'll come to the engine for enough time.
But anyway, we ought to take a break because the commercial is real good and I think no mistake about that.
You're listening to audio tapes of the oral arguments in Florida, the West Supreme Court this morning on the
Bush motion to overrally afford a Supreme Court.
Are they going to overrule?
No, they'll look good.
42560, now that you've QAM, I have any court letter to have a easily broadcast group station,
so that you've QAM dot com or the world.
So then instead we are going to resort to the will of the people, the will of the electorate, the will of the voters,
so to speak, and we are going to act because we actually like the statute, but we are going to,
we are going to, partially we write the statute, we're going to resort to our equitable powers.
So what and among the things that the court did in the original range of them, as I have indicated,
they took away the discretion of the Secretary and instructed her to accept these manuals.
There's a person on the individual powers, they were doing that and sending a new deadline.
And I don't think you would argue the case would have been more acceptable if they were to know different.
No, no, it wouldn't have been.
But then they found a fight between many and share, they relied on four traditional standards,
Canada's match for a construction, and not actually at all.
They decided for QAM's a statutory instruction, Justice Stevens, but when they said that they used those
sections of construction, Canada's statutory construction, to say that the words may and sell mean sell not.
That is not a reasonable, exercises statutory construction.
I think what this is relatively obvious, that what the Supreme Court did is exactly what Article 3,
on terms not to happen.
So I don't read your opinion that way.
This role seems to me that the portion of their opinion dealing with statutory construction
and the conclusion that the Secretary has discretion, the portion of the opinion
employing the cannons of construction does not place any limits upon the Secretary's discretion.
Well, I agree with that up to a point.
The Senate said that she must accept these returns after the deadline.
That was not on the basis of any cannons of statutory construction, then, with on the basis of the state's constitution.
Well, that's right.
So there was no going on.
And what the Court was bound in the German zoo was to get a consequence, but the Court determined
was consistent with the will of the people, irrespective of what the staff.
And I also agree with that, one who agreed with the State Court decision,
who should leave it in the right most favorable to the integrity of the State Supreme Court,
that if there are two possible reasons, one that will impede to that Court,
is that in judicial behavior, lack of integrity, and through dishonesty,
and the others that would read the opinion to say, we first,
if attempting to pursue the State law, but if there have been wrong, we might have
been kept up with the truth, but who am I to operate?
I would like to answer that in two ways.
In the first place, I don't mean to suggest that I hope my words didn't,
that there was a lack of integrity or any dishonesty,
while we for the Supreme Court, what we're saying that it was acting outside the scope of the authority in connection
with a exercise of power that is adjusted by the Constitution.
The Constitution is a very powerful, very powerful, very powerful,
but who is the very right in time?
I'm almost any other circumstances, yes, justice, justice,
against where it comes from.
In this context, in this context, we're talking about a federal right,
a federal constitutional right, and the rights of individual citizens under the Constitution,
and so therefore the court, the legal, the legal,
and the law, and so on.
I've asked to just focus a little more on the same area.
If it were surely a matter of state law, I suppose we normally would leave alone for the
State Supreme Court's fence, and so you probably have to persuade us there's some issue
of federal law here.
Otherwise, why are we acting?
You'll be lying in that regard on Title II.
Would you like to talk to an article too?
Would you like to characterize the federal issue?
Well, that you think we are very definitely relying on Article II of the Constitution.
The framers of the Constitution debated long and hard.
It was one of the longest debates that took place during the formation of the Constitution.
Where should this power be lodged in the federal legislature and the state legislature and the ballot booth?
What?
The one thing that was discussed and rejected by virtually everyone is that the power to select the manner
in which electors would be appointed would be in the state judiciary, and we quote in the state judiciary.
That was rejected.
The notion that it would be vested in the state judiciary was something that was rejected and what the framers decided to do was to best it in the state legislature and did it and vested that authority under Article II, not just in the state.
The legislature could vested in the judiciary if it wanted as I read the MacPherson case.
And here, those times have been listed in the state judiciary.
So we're going to invoke an ordinary election procedure, which is more similar to an independent court, and contest proceedings.
Yes, you have to set that justice candidate.
But what it did was to plant a set of rules like an active authority election to govern the election or a set of rules to made up after the election.
In this role, some of the students assumed that it did that.
So the state could argue with me.
I want to go back to the issue with the Chief Justice Ray.
It's a little while ago.
And I'd like you to comment on this line of reasoning.
You have Section 5, Congress in the statute.
The series still have gone to great lengths to provide what to do in the situation that you are describing, except in your view of the case.
Section 5 that says, if you do certain things, within certain times, the conclusion of the draw is going to be inclusive upon the Congress.
In Section 5, it sets out in fact a, and a whatever set of contingencies about what the Congress is supposed to do and can do, if there is a dispute as to whether a given set of procedures in the state have conformed to Section 5.
Section 15 refers to regularity.
It refers to legality and unigality.
And it looks to me either, though, at least at this stage of the proceedings.
Congress has said if there is a question about whether this with the information in Section 5,
or a construing article to, has been satisfied.
Then this is the decisional treaty for the Congress to follow in deciding what to do about it and resolving challenges.
If it looks to me, though, at this stage of the game, the statute has committed the determination of the dishes that you raise and the consequences to follow from them to the Congress.
Why should the court, why should the federal judiciary begin interfering in what seems to be a very clear point of scheme toward determine what happens if you already, because I submit that that rights Section 5, a censorate out of existence, flip, and agency of state government, flip and state government.
If it doesn't write it out of existence, it provides in Section 15 what happens, but if the state agency does what you say is a pin of the state.
If it does what you say is a pin, what a good point to stop.
If it does what you say is a pin, okay, well, I'll hit just the suit and he's going to confuse.
I'm going to start with Section 560WQ. Whoever wins this whole thing, we're all going to be sitting back and letting them a big story.
Like letting them a big fat one, while a bushwind did it just be a cigar.
Going out again, by the way.
You got a cigar?
Yes.
I'll call on Frank, he'll, uh, screw you over.
I mean, he'll help you out.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio, 560WQA.
Good say, if you do these things, certain consequences will blow up.
Florida, give these things.
And we submit that there's a, the courts are here to protect the benefit of the Margon that Florida made when it responded to that invitation.
And because we have to separate your statutory item from your Constitutional argument to the extensively relying just on the Constitution, the O'Finnford Congress could by Section 15 exclude the courts from adjudicating the Constitutional order to work this field as done.
Well, I don't think so.
But it certainly could express its preference for a scheme whereby the initial litigation, if you will, at this level would take place in the Congress to acknowledge that is not to say that the issue is just as simple or the discreet that somehow then necessarily excluded from the process for all time.
It is simply to say that the first line of litigation at the federal level, seeing this under the statute to be Congress and not the court, let's just not a fair reading of 15.
That's not a fair reading of Section 5.
And let me answer this question, I'd like to tell you that.
Well, that was your, I don't think Section 5 goes to the issue, but I think the question is whether it's a fair reading of Section 20.
I don't think that they can be read an isolation. I think the Section 5 was designed to avoid the problem created by the controversy and that having to resolve this in Congress, which is exactly what did happen in 1876 and was a very unsatisfactory.
So in 1876, Congress did not have a, the rules of Section 7.
Congress did not have the rules with respect to conclusiveness.
Could it now, and again, a perception of that's right, and it put those rules with respect to conclusiveness into Section 5.
The Florida legislature brought into that scheme and now the Florida Supreme Court, which doesn't have been a constitutional authority to assume Section 2 to do so,
and also, to accept that scheme, the price of the benefit of doing exactly what Congress wanted to happen under Section 5,
I would have just caught you with the court submission reserved, but that was very well on the show.
Mr. Clop, we're here for you.
Yeah.
Mr. Clop, I think that's clean.
Mr. Chief Justice, may it please the court. I'll argue and simply address the issues that haven't been done with Florida law.
Joe Zipham, the attorney, presented by his secretary is this, that the law in the state of Florida on November 7 was changed by this Supreme Court of Florida's decision from November 21.
The secretary is not contesting the right that the Florida Supreme Court detuned to the law of Florida.
He's simply pointing out, she is simply pointing out, the law of teaching, to this, the secretary named Pam and in some instances, she has a discussion that a court does not, or can a court do whatever she might do.
I mean, not Florida law.
Under Florida law, she has a certain discussion that I think the court probably does not have in the protest period, Justice Kennedy, and that would be that she had the discretion to decide whether or not returns could be permitted after that seventh day.
And indeed, that's based on two things that we have in the record. One is an opinion that was issued by the division of elections that talks about the circumstances in which the secretary would exercise discretion.
And the second is the letter that the secretary sent to the clear-for-campusing board requested an extension of time after the 14th deadline had passed.
She sent a letter out, she said, please indicate to me whether or not you intend to file returns after the deadline and this is what the reasons are.
She collected a set of criteria, she applied the criteria and then sent a letter back. And what she did, Justice Kennedy, in the case of the division's letter, the opinion which of course is binding under Florida law on elections officials who received them, she in the division had said that there were certain circumstances such as acts of God, hurricanes and that kind of thing where the discretion would be exercised.
When she came up with her additional reasons for considering whether or not she would exercise her discretion, she indicated a number of them which were also contained within the record it's after June of Pentex XXI, that she had to stand out of the law and result of her deferred with a citizen's case, so that she would exercise the discretion, then she sat in with her left-day discretion in those conditions.
I think she would have to exercise her discretion quite a bit compared to it, yes sir. You think that was clear before the opinion that's been court in this case, yes sir.
Let me just ask one general question for your comment on whether it's a change in the law. To what extent in your view, what did the Supreme Court of Florida consider itself burned by either prior precedent or the Constitution of the state which pre-existed?
In terms of handing down the concerns of the particular result of the breach in this case, I believe the Supreme Court of Florida was looking at its law in terms of articulating the law that it wanted to have been and on its own forward basis.
I don't know whether they thought that or not, but that's not what the opinion says. It might be a opinion that's pretty clear. They saw that by talking about statutory
and the court's construction and they hinged everything on the use of the word being covered and then they sort of turned the word interpretive use to this not intended today, but then we may get to the point of designing the rule of law that we're going to put forward on.
They don't talk about interpreting the statute. They then go invasive on principles of equity and the Florida Constitution. And indeed what they end up with, your honor, is this statement which is expected to be discussed in the Prosecutor's is left with and that is this.
And it's on 35 of the joint appendants. We conclude the consistent Florida election schemes. The Secretary may reject the words that the canvassing boards immediately turns only if the returns are submitted so late that their inclusion will preclude the category from contesting certification will preclude Florida fooders from participating fully in the federal electoral process.
Now, the honor was very late. Your position that was entirely new. So I guess one of the therefore your submission is that it was not dictated by the Constitution or by prior press.
Well, I thought you said that one of the words, the court's floor, the court did rely on the Council on the Florida Constitution. There's a section of their opinion devoted to that.
So you're on a device in the state of Florida Constitution, but the issue that we're sure as I understand this is whether or not the law changed.
There's no question that they have a right to do what they do. They do always have a right to another statement. The issue is to what extent of the floor of the Supreme Court in the country, the statute, rely on more general provisions of a Florida Constitution which they cited in their opinion.
I think they did rely on creating the remedy on the Florida Constitution. I believe they created a right that had not previously been seen there which they have a right to do.
But Mr. Chief Justice, the issue again is whether or not the law that they articulated on November 21 is different than the law that existed on November 7th.
And how in Secretary of State in exercising her discretion was defined the standard that was established on November 21.
The position is alone, it's different. It violates section 5 and therefore we have a right to statement.
Well, just as fully a word of not addressing the federal issue because we're in a situation where you have a front, is it federal court?
I apologize, but we have the Secretary of State here who's not being convicted. The legislature has filed by Amupus and of course the state has not appeared.
So for a little unusual, we haven't addressed those issues but to answer your question, yes sir.
But can you tell me among when this petition was filed here, the Secretary had not certified anybody the winner.
Well now the Secretary has certified a winner and therefore I guess whether we win, whether your side decides you're supporting wins or loses doesn't change that.
And I guess that's moved. And well, my question is, is there any respect in which this really makes a difference this case?
How I'm thinking if it does make a difference, the numbers are bogus, that kind of thing right for us to decide now.
How could it make a difference? What's the consequence of our going one way or the other now in this case?
You're at least an enormous difference because we at least that it's been reported with the Court to determine that the war in effect at the time of the election was that
that the National Re-counting of Ballots was not permitted to address the third or third which I think is been extensively.
We don't have, well all suppose they won and the relief was, because your side won. And the relief was fine, it should have been certified on November 14 or 18 instead of November 26.
Now what's the consequence of that? Well just that, for getting what the reasoning is, is there a consequence that flows from that?
It is radio, adverse, significant, concrete that we could predict now has posed to speculate.
The only immediate result would be that you have a margin that was instead of being 536 votes would be 900 and some odd votes.
And it would only be added to as a result of whatever was added by the overseas ballot box.
In other cases, we've said a claim was not right, that it rests upon continued future events that may not occur at the anticipated or indeed may not occur at all.
And so what I wonder is, in this realm of speculation, is to whether or not it will or will not make a difference, a difference to the outcome of the election.
It will make a difference to the outcome of the election, because there was an ongoing contest, which is similarly related and involved in Supreme Court's opinion.
And of course, the purpose of the Supreme Court of Florida in coming up with the remedy that they came up with, completely changed the period of time from a relatively short period of time, seven days for a protest.
And in a much longer period for a contest, we now have a situation where 19 votes of the protest and 16 votes tolerate the issue, it's totally delighted the time for the contest.
I mean, to the extent that they've shortened the contest time, you know, that's what I would have been.
I know, isn't it?
Yes, just a score of an issue here.
Sorry.
Is it not the case that votes are as they have been shown to be under the broad Supreme Court's opinion, the race is much closer, and therefore some counties under Florida law would conduct recounts that otherwise would not conduct recounts.
Certainly, when the recount is conducted depend upon how likely it is that the recount is going to change the outcome.
The law is returned to the point that was in November 7, but is no right to a manual recount to correct the photo or and that will bend the litigation that currently exists in the state of Florida, which will be opinions of the Secretary of State's division of elections that were issued and also the state of the law as it existed at that point in time.
The record shows very clearly there is no dispute that there were any problems with voting machines or any of the tabulation problems with voting machines.
It was simply when they went through the process of what is just as can be a discretionary right to a manual recount, not a mandatory one.
When they went through that and did the test, each of those clear-the-scenes words did not find any problem with a mechanical problem.
It was simply a problem in terms of the Secretary took it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Wow.
Okay, thank you, Mr. Clark.
We'll get back to this.
26th afternoon at 560WQM.
Only in the Bananilla Public Library, only in Miami.
It just does look like a very dramatic change made by the Florida Court.
And I'm wondering if that is consistent in fact with the notion expressively in Section 5 so that the result would be, you could both go to Congress, it would be a change.
The, I agree that the date was implemented pursuant to the court's actual power.
Paul, in that, the result of turning in my brother's eyes instead of the criminal instruction, the court was made into the situation.
First of all, where because of conflicting advice, the counties had started and then stopped conducting manual recounts.
Because of advice in the sector of the date which the Supreme Court ultimately concluded to be aronious.
Yes, sort of, and that advice was, and this was really the beginning of all the problem.
Her advice was the provision providing for recounts, manual recounts, not requiring the giving of one of the options.
Only came into play when there was some defect in the machine and it was not available for a lower error.
That is for voters who didn't punch the cards the way they were supposed to.
And the attorney's, your office came up with the opposite conclusion.
The secretary's belief contends that that had always been the rule in Florida.
Is that the case? Do you know of any other elections in Florida in which recounts were conducted?
Manual recounts because of an allegation that some voters did not punch the cards the way they should have.
No problem with the machinery is working fine.
There were pregnant chabs, hanging chants, and so forth.
No, there's never happened before.
I'm not aware of it ever happening before.
But I can say that the Supreme Court of Florida for 100 years has put a duty on election officials to discern the intent of the voter.
And while the secretary of the state refers to a voter error, when the ballot is punched,
that's under the laws of the state of Florida is interpreted by the Supreme Court.
That voter has cast the ballot even if the chast is not qualified.
So, the opposition that any interpretation, the Supreme Court of Florida,
makes to implement the will of the people, is never a new law.
That the Supreme, yes, I can't say ever, but I say that on the case before the court,
all that was before the court was ordinary statutory construction, which must be resolved up at whether this court would agree with it or disagree with it,
must be respected by this court.
That's a very conundation fact.
The Supreme Court's statement that these twice in the proceedings now either fit the page as it works Mr. Crawford for his bill,
the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida, the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and the Supreme Court of Florida,
and these counties was that the machines were not able to read ballots,
and 1,000 ballots in Palm Beach County,
and the machine did not read as improving the vote for president.
That was the issue, so the solution to that was not the machines,
even when they're operating properly,
would not bring these ballots,
so what was left to the County canvassing Board,
was to do the full manual recount,
in the language of that statute again,
so as they shall do a full manual recount,
in no circumstances.
The statute says that the Board may authorize the manual recount,
it doesn't require it,
but if it do authorize,
it then it tells the County do it,
and says they shall appoint as many counties as necessary,
presumably as necessary to do it within the timeline.
Yes, just as a kind of,
but again, these under the law,
these requests can be made up to the kind of hand-to-sync,
that means that the six or seven days,
and also the number of ballots that issue here,
between 650,000 in Palm Beach County,
and also 900,000, up to 900,000 in Bellard County,
it's a statutory problem.
The courts resolution didn't really solve it good,
because even with their extended time,
very the same statutory problem,
and since there still is enough time,
under the extended deadlines,
for some of these counties,
that have an enormous number of votes to conduct the manual recount,
and they can't listen that right?
Well, let me, I mean, to resolve a supposed conflict
in the statute, in a manner that leads in place
the same problem that existed before,
it seems to me not a real resolution of this statutory problem.
Well, the Supreme Court tried to fund it all together
to make it work just as we did,
and again, it came up with a solution.
The Secretary of State's argument here is based on,
the Secretary of State herself recognized that she had the discretion
under Florida law to accept returns filed outside of that seven-day deadline.
A breakdown of the machines in her view
would justify late returns.
A failure of the machines to read ballots
would not justify late, though, returns.
The Supreme Court said that the legal standard she was using was wrong.
That, that, we submit, that that decision of the Supreme Court
is a law in the State of Florida.
I'm going to extend your time two minutes, Mr. Amtok,
because you have another chance to stay alive here.
Yeah, I got it.
That went well, I'm not hard, and I don't need that,
you know, that should be fine, I don't know.
That's a good question.
Okay, good, because that means we can go break.
You know, we can't even try.
22, 415, 560 WQ William.
There are much of pricks, basically, aren't they?
No matter what it is.
Yeah, well, how about that?
And how about the new state against where?
What time the sheriff shall go to be on?
Who's going against where?
Sounds like she's practicing, go to McDonald's,
and they give some to the head.
What the hell am I doing this?
Aren't all the, uh, no change in condom banches,
the Vatican, I just thought I would split that in here.
Oh, okay.
I'm keeping that later on, as they continue being as repressive as they want to be.
And whatever you do, don't forget.
People back in the church, 2321 at 560 WQF.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio, 560.
You, A.
Yeah.
I don't think so, especially justice.
It's just that I don't trust my own imagination,
or the drafts at all, possibly.
For example, in the case, and I think it was 1890,
in the Gerald V. Green, with unscortelled,
that only states can punish fraudulent voting for presidential electors.
It got into the act sort of obliquely and at an angle,
and that had a bearing on the question of how the presidential electoral flag might be imposed.
But it didn't get into this.
No, it certainly was quite good, but it was very good, right?
So that's the way it went.
I suggest in real red-bred brief,
that it is not, I think you said, it's not self-evident,
that the Florida legislature at this time has the right to appoint any slave to the delegates,
because the Congress is at the date, and the date is the general election date.
If that is so, doesn't this mean that when we talk about justish ability,
we must be very careful to preserve the court?
You have said, with the four suggested here, on the page of the New York Library,
that the Florida legislature now has no role.
You have now suggested that this court has no role.
That means the Supreme Court of Florida is, yet so far,
a judicial interpretation of the consequences of a three-month-old defection fight.
So just as Kennedy, first of all, I do want to be clear that in our views,
the question of whether and when and how the Florida legislature can enter the picture is,
in no way presented here,
that paragraph was intended to suggest that it's not obvious that the views of some that there's no problem is right.
Secondly, if it was a case that the Florida legislature could not simply decide,
well, what kind of all this counting will move in,
and that this court cannot decide whether the conditions of three U.S. C. Section 5 are met.
It would then remain only for Congress to make a determination,
and adding the Florida legislature would not, after all, have added and it's due to the...
Any my point is that puts hydraulic pressure on your non-discrecipability argument,
and makes it a very, very important argument and a critical argument in this case.
Well, perhaps, just as Kennedy, but I frankly can't see how it would affect the decision in this case.
But, after all, you have before you a judgment of the highest court of the state,
as Justice Ginsburg and others have suggested it would ordinarily be the case, surely,
that one would not go out of one's way to read the judgment as a breach of faith
with the duties of trying to reconcile provisions that are...
No, I just, in the early level of presidential electors,
it could be that that court, as all courts would be,
have to be informed at least by the provisions of Section 5 in reviewing the laws enacted by the legislature.
I mean, you have to register somehow with the Florida courts that that statute was there
and that might be in the state's best interest not to go around changing the law after the election.
But, just to put it right, I certainly agree that if the Florida Supreme Court
adverted to 3 U.S.D. Section 5 and as of this Kennedy after all, you got it wrong,
then there would be a federal issue for this court.
Would it be, I wonder if there was any...
No, it is there a federal issue if the court doesn't.
No, the answer is not.
It would be nice, but remember it is important.
The laws of Article 2, which, after all,
does give legislature plain-rate power and must have wanted...
It must have wanted to have the laws in place so that it wasn't...
It's so that Florida wouldn't lose losing its electoral votes.
In the legislature, it had to want that by getting laws and perhaps the Florida court
that tends to be aware of the consequences to the state of changing the rules.
But just to put it under Article 2, Section 1, 4, 2,
the authority to regulate the manner of the rights of the electorates is vested in the state legislature.
The state legislature decides from the beginning to exercise that authority
by instructing the various institutions, certainly not just the courts,
the attorney general, the secretary of state, in very particular ways to exercise their roles in the process
but a certain view by a left in the date.
Here is the certification date.
How could it have been quicker?
Well, I suppose it could be a violation of Florida law if the enactment of that date is construed
as a direction to a particular authority, like the secretary of state or the state-fired court,
to take certain actions in order to get the benefit of this bonus.
But only a violation of federal law.
I don't know how you get a law that is a state law, I'm sorry.
I do think about the law of constitution, but it might have been a violation of the New York law,
and it's a blanket change.
But it's clear to me that the federal's lessons, which is really what brings us here,
can only arise if three U.S.D. Section 5 is something other than what is to also call it an investigation.
The violation of the state can also arise under the inspection of the constitution was construed in water.
That's quite independent of three U.S.P.
If one concludes that Florida had violated its duty to empower the legislature to take on its regulatory steps,
if one concluded that Florida legislature had relied on the state constitution in a way that the blacker case
would have been sentenced to death in a constitutional detention.
I think that's possible, Mr. Chief Justice, but the judgment before you doesn't provide even an inkling,
I think, of proof about those matters.
All we have, well we beg your pardon.
Well, I think we've been arguing several interrelated things.
One of the things we've been arguing is whether one could in good faith reach the conclusion,
novel as it was in some respect, as Justice O'Connor points out, that's what Florida Supreme Court reached.
Now, if the answer to that question was no, perhaps, if there were due process issue in this case,
and if someone had a protectable interest that was injured, that would be relevant.
But the federal questions that makes that relevant here would arise only once forgot that three U.S.D. Section 5 is falling.
All parac and notes, and I don't agree with you on that, Mr. Chad.
It seems to me that the question arises, if the Florida Supreme Court, in its opinion,
rather firmly said that we're using the Florida Constitution to reach the result of the region constricting the statute.
I think blacker is a strong argument that they can't do that.
Well, that they can never divert the real question.
Certainly it stands for the proposition that you couldn't do it in no circumstances.
What would have been, I wonder, about the circumstances here that would say, that in reconciling these provisions,
which at first we were told were mandatory, then we were told they're not mandatory, they give discretion,
and now we're told that the real issue is simply, give the court in putting boundary on that discretion,
do something federally impermissible.
What would it be about that, if that were an implication?
If the Supreme Court of Florida thinks that, in its opinion, what inspections of the statute conflict,
we've got to under our traditional principles, we're all the one way, but it doesn't say that,
it goes on to say, look, in the light of a Florida Constitution, and the general rights conferred that,
we're construing this way.
It tends to me that as a pivemaker, as a way of shedding light on the provisions that are in conflict,
so long as it's not just the way that conflicts with a federal mandate, they're not violating any...
I don't agree with that.
I don't agree with the Florida Supreme Court, use the Florida Constitution as a tour of interpretation of the statute.
If you look at its opinion, it's separated into various sections, issues, legal appeal,
the division of elections, five, the applicable law, roll and six, statutory and regulatory,
and that's a seven legislative intent.
That's the section where they can stroll the statute in your, these ambiguities and so forth.
That section concludes, under this statutory scheme, the county of Canvassing boards are required to submit their returns to the department
by 5 p.m. of the seventh day following the election.
The statute's making no provision for exceptions following the manual recap.
If a board fails to meet the deadline, the secretary is not required to ignore the county's returns,
but rather is permitted to ignore the returns within the parameters of this statutory scheme.
So what the statutory interpretation gives you is a firm termination date of December 7th and discretion in the secretary.
The opinion continues, the moment is, the rights of vote, the text of our part of Constitution begins with a declaration of rights.
And it goes on to say that to the extent the legislature may enact laws regulating the electoral process,
those laws are valid only if they impose no quote unreasonable or unnecessary quotes,
and the quote we've traced on the white of suffrage contained in the Constitution.
In other words, I read the part of Court's opinion as Court clearly saying,
how to be true in what the legislature's intent was, we find that our state constitution trumps that legislature's intent.
I don't think there's any other word to read it and that is, that is a real problem, it seems, to be under Article 2.
Because in fact, there is no white of suffrage under Article 2.
In the list, there's a white of suffrage involving religious lectures, but Article 2 makes it very clear that the legislature's can itself appoint the electors.
It proves to mean that it's already been completed, and that the legislature can delegate that function to the judiciary.
And when you're at this Kennedy Act, if it can delegate the function to the judiciary, then that is what materials and things suggest.
Then it cannot delegate something left, that it cannot, it cannot, not give the judiciary a role of the thought that it's exercised in view.
After all, the legislature, and this is important, it's not true in every state, the legislature itself re-promulgates the Constitution at least several years, and then it's ratified by the people.
Isn't there another, can't we?
No, that's a lie.
There is another way of looking at what the Florida Court did, and that was, in fact, to apply that the interoperative criterion, where there is any discretion for interpretation,
an unconstitutional result should be avoided, and because you have here a statute designed to standard that regulates both federal and state regalia, that much is clear.
The only way to avoid an unconstitutional meaning of the statute, so far as Florida law was concerned, was to get into this constitutional concern about preserving the franchise,
and that because the legislature intended one standard to cover both federal and state regalia, it therefore is valid to consider the state constitution in order to derive the general meaning that will apply to the federal as well as the state election.
I fully accept that view, the sooner I would supplement it with one important point.
We're not viewing here with a decision in which we're doing the gray area, where, of course, the reason of we go to the right.
This part is simply bad. We don't care about the federal considerations.
It in particular, exercised its equitable powers in favor of the petitioner in order to facilitate meeting in December 12 deadline, while still being able to have electoral context.
Because after February 12 deadline comes purely from federal law, can you just go back to your characterization of the opinion?
I think we all agree that given that the legislature has to select the man, the state can't say our constitution selects the electors.
I suppose, I think that's right. On the thinking of this opinion, suppose the court has said that we reach our results based on the canons we found in Blackstone.
Now, nobody's going to say they've said Blackstone selects the electors.
Now, I suppose they said we reach this decision based on the value rules found in the constitution that would be Blackstone.
I suppose they say, well, the legislature wants us to do X, but our constitution requires us to do not X.
That might be different. What is it that they've done here?
I certainly don't think they've done the third. They did not say. I think when they underscored the peasant's language, the Justice Scalia read about what mandatory, they were simply being candid about the fact that they were acting in conflict with one part of the statute.
But the immediate section is in the form for the statute right that is entitled the right to vote in its answer to the legislative intent section.
And it says, categorically, to the extent the legislature may not vote, they're invalid.
And I think just perhaps the reason that the court did it is that, however, expansive the doctrine of constitutional values, there is no way that it can make December 7th mean anything except December 7th.
They were almost constrained to use the constitution.
But I suppose they override the front deadline.
It was explicitly said before we can address the Justice Scalia, both you and I think that one called Justice O'Connor, who was referring to the particular date that came out differently under the approach that this court used from what would have emerged if they had looked only at 1.01 run.
And are making some states with all respect.
It's not as though this court promulgated a rule for the future about December 7th in the commemoration of the pro-Faribur-Wiso December 7th of the day.
No, what they did would say we have to find a date which will accommodate these conflicting statutory provisions and policies in light of what our Constitution tells us.
And we're sure it would have made, I would think the name, to express to two anyone's, because an opinion was organized under Roman Milner's head and professor trying to decide what to do.
But I'm getting a bad headache.
We'll finish this up, thankfully. 1257 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QA-430560 WQAM, Miami Port Lauderdale, a beastly, broadcast group station at WQAM.com or a world.
It's a lot of detail.
In your ban on for a good guy, you would bother with it because having decided very clearly what the statute requires and finding no way to get around the firm date set, you'd say the reason it's bad is because of the state constitution.
That's how it's written.
They tried it another way, but it seems to me they also say that the provision that reaches the results of conflicts with the authorized recounts was written in 1951.
In 1989, there were the provisions that, on the state of WQAM, we haven't yet discussed the provisions also created, the provisions that when the returns are filed late.
It doesn't say from away, but it says, back it says, fine, every member of the Kandlesin board $200 a day.
That would be a totally crazy provision as the recipient understands.
If you were not to reach a reconciliation of this sort, this result was over-determined underfloor the law.
It's nice and true that they said the Constitution also points this way, but there isn't a sentence in the beginning that suggests that without that constitutional argument, the result would have to be different.
What is the November 26th date?
Is that the seven-day date moved? Or is that some kind of a date that tries to reconcile the ultimate point after which the secretary and exercise in her discretion came along with half-through-accepted delay returns?
Did it move again from the statute?
The Court has created a new date about this discretion.
What is it?
It looks to me like an exercise, a chance-low split, in this particular case.
When I saw the date of November 26th, I couldn't come up with an algorithm or a formula that would generate it, but the Court was confronted with the path of drawing as this Court has recognized, but sometimes inevitably arbitrary lines.
That is, if the Court was not consistent with the overall scheme of the statute to require these recounts which had just begun to terminate, that truly would be promised to the year to be broken to the hope of some significant neglect.
The Court has made offers will. Why tell people to count if you won't count it?
The legislature had put them jumped into the breach and said this same thing about that being moved back to the New Yorker.
Honestly, Justice Kennedy, I'm not sure because the language that I quoted from three USN Section 5 focuses on the institutional dispute resolution, arrangement, that is in place.
And if you look at the legislator history in the death aid of hearings in the period after the Hayes-Turban debacle, that history focused on the importance of having a fixed tribunal which you could look to rather than one's cooked up at the last moment.
And indeed, what they seem to be most afraid of was the political entry of legislators and executives at the 11th hour.
There was no focus at all, but I'm even saying you can't tell us whether they, in the hypothetical, suppose that it would be a new enactment.
Well, there are certainly not cases on the subject. The language is very little guided. Since the section is addressed to Congress, my thing about it, the Court's opinion is that you can tell us what you might want to do.
I would advise the Congress that it is not a new enactment, that it is an entirely reasonable construction of an existing enactment, as to which the only alternative construction is to make itself constructs and to make it internally contradictory.
And I honestly don't think if I were advising Congress that I would say it's a new construction.
I do think also that some people reasonably could argue the contrary, and I guess I think that this language should be interpreted whether by a court or by Congress, in a way that gives some reference to the state government and its orders.
And I think any degree of reference here is inconsistent with saying that there's been a federal violation.
Especially when I want to remind the thought of the context, are we going to say that this paragraph and this opinion says that Florida is in breach of Article II of the Constitution in general?
Hard to say.
There should perhaps be some difference, though, to the concept expressed in Article II, that it is the authority of the legislature, in some special concern about what the legislature is.
Yes, but if the legislature is entirely happy not to completely delegate this power to the Court, which Article II would permit.
But rather to allow the Court to exercise somewhat more flexible role, then the one that the critics of this opinion would be embracing that within the power of the legislature would be.
No, because who would have thought that the legislature was leaving open the days for change by the court?
Anyone who just reads the statute in 1989 and it says May, it says she may reject the bill.
That doesn't change the date.
No, the date is the one from which the May is measured.
That is, you're supposed to get it in by seven days later.
What if he doesn't?
Well, if he doesn't, she may or she may not reject them.
Now, anybody reading that would realize that's a deadline only in a kind of bookieing that is not a real deadline.
She's got the scratches.
Certainly, if there's an active guard of the sorts of procedures, ask about...
Well, then the secretary came in and argued and said yes for a discretion loss if the one act is gone.
On the sole basis, and on the sole basis, I'm sorry for this question.
And it's an entirely normal exercise of judicial interpretation to say that this statute is not limited to God and received.
Can I ask you, will you think the Florida legislature delegated to the Florida Supreme Court, the authorities, who will interpose the Florida Constitution?
I mean, maybe your experience would be a legislative branch is different from mine, but in my experience, they will resign to the intervention of the courts.
But I have certainly never implanted it.
Well, I have to say that the Florida legislature affirmatively implanted the Florida Supreme Court.
The second thing is that the system in Florida involves their own re-promotation of the Constitution.
And their scheme of respect to the resolution of the skewers over elections draws a short distinction between elections to their own housing senate, which they most trust the courts where as far as they can throw it.
But there is our duty resolved exclusively in the housing senate.
And all others are to be resolved in the courts under a standard that they understandably will resign to.
But they may not be resigned to the Florida Supreme Court in supposing itself with respect to federal elections.
They may not be because the Florida Constitution can not affect it.
And I'm not necessarily just implausible, but they will be invited to the Florida Supreme Court to interpose the Florida Constitution between what they enacted by statute and the ultimate result of the election.
I suppose if they were at all part cited, if they looked at their own work and saw how self-conscious it was, they might say, even once someone will be a authority to reconcile these provisions to do so in the right not only of their literal language, but of the fact that they're dealing with some things that are important to franchise.
But if you can franchise those people, which is what this is all about, if you can franchise those people, it's very nice.
But wouldn't just as I like the federal as well as the state officers.
But wouldn't Justice Scalia's suggestion, the A's, for under suggestion, if they had dealt by the statute only with federal elections or only with a presidential election as opposed to dealing with both state and federal in the same statute.
But it's really an example of given the convenience of having similar regulations apply on election day and not to buy for pay.
Or are going to be mutual.
Okay, I'm getting a worse headache and his effect is not prediction of 64 for us. The only problem is that's 10.
Six to four last time I checked, I know we've been doing a lot of adding with numbers, but that sounds like the end of the week.
However, the facts are, I think, got a good point.
When Chris Scalia and O'Connor, yeah, for Bush, and Thomas, he's got also for them, which is probably true.
You notice he hasn't said a guy they're worried? He's busy smoking.
And totally because people are going to stab him in the eye if he opens up a mouth.
They're a good point.
Anyway, there'll be a little more when we get them with the break and maybe not put whatever I can to handle anymore.
It's making me sick.
Nine minutes after one at five sixty WDQF.
Get the best of Neil Rogers 2000.
Just good with specs, news extort near the org.
Wtom.com on the net.
Well, best of news, 2000 with Ray Hitt.
Right.
Tell me the first thing that pops into your mind.
What do you think, Missy?
Almost.
And Miss?
That's my key in this one.
Infectization.
How about this?
About a downtime ride in the Bologna Ponyfield.
Those time lists classic.
But that's the Neil Rogers 2000 from Sports Radio 560 QA.
It seems to me that it's very difficult to read the Florida Supreme Court decision.
I'll say.
Well, now we got this one.
What about the Pony Olsen?
The Florida Constitution in their views, and the backwards view is trumping.
Everything else.
The second paragraph of the conclusion says, because the right to vote,
is a preeminent right in the Declaration of Rights of the Florida Constitution, and so forth.
The civilian is full of.
Langley Woodney might say they've referred to the Declaration of the Rights of Man
to the 1789, a French Revolution.
I mean, the right to vote is the value in the Constitution.
Are they actually saying I didn't see it?
The statute means one thing, but the statute's unconstitutional, because the Constitution of Florida says they're opposite.
I didn't see that.
I think that the only reason of a fair reading of the decision is that the Florida Supreme Court felt that,
and it says it over and over again, that we are going to be a box of attempt to discern the will of the people,
the will of the electorate, and discern and enhance in whatever way we possibly can, the right to vote.
And because of that, these provisions of the statute, which are very much quintessentially legislated,
the timetables that are involved in the statute, particularly the November 14 deadline,
is a part of a composite package.
There's one week for a protest, and certain of a week,
counts to the extent that they can be done, and there are four weeks for contests,
when the Florida Supreme Court truncated, when the Supreme Court expanded the protest period,
from seven days to 19 days, it necessarily limited the contest period to a shorter period of time.
It changed the discretion.
It allowed certain things to occur that could never occur, and it justifies all those things on the grounds that the Florida Supreme Court,
the Florida Constitution, trumps those legislative concerns.
And that's why it said we are not going to be disrated by type of technical statutory considerations.
So the court was doing what this court said in the McPherson-Vertian Locker case that it cannot do,
it allowed itself to insert itself where the Florida Constitution,
although it is required by Article 2, Section 1 of the Constitution, it also seems to me quite evident in response to what the Justice Kennedy was asking earlier,
that there was concern about the federal statutory provision, the language to which I think Justice Kennedy was referring is on page 32A,
of the appendix to the petition from the court's decision, and there's a footnote there that does refer to references to three U.S.C. One-Trux and which of course includes Section 5,
and it says so in conjunction with the statement that the exercise of the discretion by the Secretary of State could not be done in such a way that would preclude water voters from participating fully in the federal electoral process,
the court was assuming it seems to me that it did not, it was not conflicted, the decision that was rendering was not planned to cause a conflict with the federal statutory scheme.
The statement was, we submit, in error in that regard, so that the sum up was respected.
The Florida Supreme Court radically changed the legislative scheme because it thought it could do so under the Florida Constitution by doing so,
it acted inconsistently with Article 2 of the Constitution, and inconsistently with Section 5 of Title 3,
and it has brought about precisely the circumstances that Title 3, Title 3, is designed to avoid the verdict.
Well, I just have to say in the conclusion, the paragraph on page 37 error, will be summarized with the fact that there's nothing near about the Florida Constitution,
it's only about the Florida election code, but it's also the less construed the Florida election code as a whole,
and it's not that the provisions in conflict is not one word in that paragraph, so it's everything that's allowed against the Constitution.
The very second paragraph refers to the Florida Constitution and the rights of both,
and the State of Georgia, who you very much say, is the Constitution.
Thank you, Mr. Olesman, for being here.
The Honourable Court is now joined until Monday next.
That's not far.
Great. There you go.
And with that very abrupt gavvold, the Court adjourns as you hear and monitor the ordinance of oil arguments presented in the United States Supreme Court,
and this particular and very good.
Yeah, okay, thanks, Frank. You're a real rocket scientist.
So what do you think, guys?
Honourable, boo.
There we go.
Hey, y'all, my name is Grant, for Eugene Thomas.
Grant's the busiest nominee for this Supreme Court.
And you know, there's not some people who's not dead and think, just all,
I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage.
And it wasn't that good.
I enjoy it.
Well, maybe it's a guy signed your, nor remember your.
If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah, I got the much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to catch y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
Yeah, y'all.
I've been token.
And I token to the e.
And I token to the west.
And I token why not look up, stand the deal kind of as best.
All right, he token.
Let's go burn one, y'all.
Yeah, he must have been, because we didn't hear the Heidner hear from him today.
One night, clean at 560 WQM, I apologize for putting that dreadful crap on.
Five litters we don't have one call on the board now, because the whole audience,
we don't have any red listed either.
That's all right, kept an eye on the half.
And with my luck, lunch shows up, right at the very end of this thing.
Instead of like, right at the beginning, it's because we called too late.
We called too late and late.
Thanks a lot, Stan and Sal and Pearl and whatever you're doing.
Scott.
And I lie now and they're related to a period.
All right, come on, let's hear from all these experts out there.
I'd personally thought that Todd Olson, the attorney for the Bush side,
did a much better job than Lawrence Tron, who I thought was weak.
Week.
Now maybe his argument was weak.
I'm certainly no expert and I can't make Heidner tell of this damn thing.
But I thought that the Bushatory was much better, much stronger.
Lawrence Tron, the niece of what he was on a Virgil, like back and out.
And this is supposed to be his strong suit.
He's arguing from the Supreme Court 60,000 times.
There it is.
There is one person listening at this station now.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Brian's along this line.
We just made history.
The first time in history we've had audio released from all arguments
in front of the Supreme Court, put it here on the air and the whole audience disappeared.
Our privilege of the election in Florida was fixed 217 out of 310 votes that 70%.
Florida only got accidental events with him in 310.
Now, Florida 51, 15.3%.
As honest as any other state, not through a 2.0, 32 or 13.5%.
So I guess we ran off today with music because that will be due to the election.
Is there anybody listening?
That was a bad judgment on my part.
Let's play some music because nobody's ready to say after all that.
I thought that all these geniuses, they who understand the law and are much more than I am,
I thought they'd be calm as right now, tell us and interpreting for us.
Nobody.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line.
Out of town line, 877, 785.
Aren't you shocked?
Why are you yelling? They're all full.
What do you mean they're all full?
Other ones that work that is.
They're not lined up. They're not lit up in here.
Are you kidding me?
No!
I don't tell me this thing is screwed up again.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes sir.
It's not on me?
Not you.
Okay.
I'm looking at the comments and asking me much about it.
It's a court case today because I didn't get to hear very much of it.
But I just want to say I think the election is not only fixed, it continues to be fixed.
And when Jeff Bush said that people want him to give up on his turn his back on his family,
he was in effect saying that his father, the former president of the United States,
was the legislature to vote George Bush as president of the United States.
Right.
And I think that's an outrage.
You know, if that's the case, if his father is supporting this legislative initiative,
he ought to be ashamed of himself.
No, he ought to be in peace not just ashamed himself.
Well, he can't be in peace, but something you've got to give about.
You know, I mean, people need to notice that this thing is just an outrageous conspiracy
against the democracy of this country.
And I think that I know you have a whole lot of regard for Gore and Lieberman.
No, I don't.
I'm going to tell you my opinion.
I think that Gore is a hero of American democracy.
And I really mean that.
He's a hero.
Yeah.
Because he's standing up to democracy against this tutorial thing that's going on in our state.
And it's just the second thing to see.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, I mean, I'm not going to say the hero, but I will give him credit for at least a hanging
in there because he knows that he won and that they're trying to steal it away from him.
That's a Bush family.
And especially our governor here.
I mean, let's take a look at the whole thing.
Look at the grotesque relationships here.
Catherine Harris and Jeb Bush and the whole bunch of them and pop a Bush and Cheney and Jim Baker.
No, no, that could never happen in America.
This isn't a banana republic.
Right.
How can anybody say who lives in South Florida say that?
Okay.
Here's somebody on line 8 because I think I'm working.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You're on, yes, sir.
I just want to ask you as I said, George W and Jeb's wife had a discussion with a friend and he says they're both American born.
Is that true?
They're, yes.
You have to say that the wife is the wife of the white, the Jeb Bush's wife is Mexican.
And you're a lover.
I don't know if it about his wife.
I thought you were a sexist.
I don't think so, no.
No, okay.
What's in his family?
It was just a matter of the session.
By the way, I'm heading out to Soares and Oves and they're using half a year as a radar set up on a perimeter where I was like 1810.
Okay, well listen, don't forget to take him, Chase Open now.
I almost forgot all about that.
567 also don't forget the hockey games that he played to that.
I misspoke before the start eight o'clock because he has been, which is where I'm fortunate, but nevertheless, at least there were many excuse people showing up there late tonight, games at eight o'clock, red wings on the panthers.
Any interest?
No, no.
Here's line two.
Hello.
Is this late?
This is you.
All right, good.
Listen, thanks for putting this thing on.
I went through the radio and I didn't catch anybody else.
Really?
So that I did the right thing then.
Why, I appreciate it.
You know, we disagreed some time and I'm stuck enough, I guess.
Yeah, that didn't put it on for partisan meetings because I didn't know what they were going to be saying, but I just put it on because I thought it was a public interest and supposedly everybody's all with up about this.
Yeah, I was very, I appreciate it.
Like I said, I'm not working on my garage and I was able to hear it.
Right.
940 didn't have it and whatever the one at the end of the dial, they were raining. None of them had it.
And you mean to tell me that even I would even have it? So suppose it all lose channel?
I don't know.
I don't even know what station that is, to be honest with you.
Wow.
So yeah, I started from 516 kind of just scanned and got some Latin stuff from.
And I was the only one that got some.
I appreciate it, but it might have had it in Spanish, I don't know.
But we disagree sometimes on, you know, we come from different sides on there.
Yeah.
And I just, I want to give you my prediction.
Yeah.
You've taken a prediction today.
Sure, why not?
Okay.
I think...
Over's an undersh..
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, I'll hang on later.
I think they're going to rule and in favor of bush and they're going to go legs back to the boom.
Square one, December 7th, whatever it says there.
I'm sorry, November 7th, whatever it says there.
7 days after, all of the day, wrap it up.
That's my prediction.
Okay, we'll see.
Thanks.
Thanks.
We will see next week, though, today.
Hi.
It's a business country.
Why you say that?
Because it still has third issue.
Well, how are you counting on?
I mean, you got Ruth L. Egan's brother, you got her.
And you got just the students, that's two.
And you got whom I believe in our Kennedy, that's three.
You're counting on Souter, and I'm not too sure about him.
You're counting on David Souter.
But I guess, it's going to be five before I think.
It'll still have to justify, I mean, they can't just do what they want.
But I mean, they can't just do what they want.
They make a ruling and they write up a whole bunch of things.
It's like he's just got here.
Before saying, the court is adjourned until one day next.
You cannot read anything in the contract for one day next.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
You can't read anything.
Who?
You really shouldn't havehe assumedta
What do they understand as they don't accept that sucha
No good, Matt Damon, as you've never seen before, and Will Smith,
the most heartwarming role ever.
Well, you've been enough with those canned goods on top of those tomatoes,
the legend of Bagger's Hand.
Coming to a supermarket in New York, clean up on an aisle
above the plate of the market.
The cleanest possible possible,
that the car suddenly decided, look,
this is your matter we should get into.
This is a matter that should be left to the state.
On the other hand, they may think that there's a sufficient
constitutional argument, and for that reason, it does belong
to the United States Supreme Court, and then they move into the second
question whether or not the theory of Supreme Court violates the federal law
or violates the Constitution, and as soon as we go to sort of the third
question, where the Supreme Court may never answer,
is really a matter for the parties, is they do find a violation?
Now what?
Let's look.
Okay, go ahead and come down.
She's hysterical.
Just like I am with the phone system.
You know, this place is just unbelievable.
Nothing in her works for too long before just finally she's trapped out.
But that's okay.
Let's just read my boy about that.
Let's just put them on hold, and you know, although there is nobody on hold,
there's so many won because they're all disappeared.
And you know, that other guy was absolutely right.
Now one of the other AN states has basically had no programming on
at the commons, but the air that's thing lies.
How can you ask, what kind, and what have I always said about IOD?
What kind of an all-new station doesn't put the audio on
from the Supreme Court here?
And what kind of crap is that?
I couldn't believe it.
What do they have on?
What do they have?
Lord Aishani, what are they doing today?
They had his shield.
And they didn't put the audio on?
Oh, my God.
This is supposed to be especially, supposed to be the emperor of this crap.
Yeah, and I want to thank you.
And you know, when I thought that, I thought that it was interesting that the way they attacked both sides,
and see who has argument crumbled into the right number of things.
They just decimated everybody.
Yeah, you know, it was interesting to see.
But here, that must be the way they go about doing it.
I guess arguments before the Supreme Court had like an SNN thing.
We will take a look at them.
Yeah.
Okay.
But you know, the word on Souter is, what?
He's the easiest justice on the Supreme Court.
Yeah.
He writes the least number of, um...
Yeah, but let me tell you, at least he spoke a little bit.
Clarice was in the back, popping away.
I didn't see his ears clapping.
Yeah, not a bit.
Okay, have a rate there.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Oh, the snow is coming out of his ears.
I thought it was coming out of his...
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 3.
Our computer is down here, but that's okay,
because it's WQA and we just do our best to try to keep the thing floating along with our...
Oh, God.
What a joke this place is.
Now, what would it be?
So, are they ringing?
Are they on?
What would it be?
They're ringing them just to...
Oh, they're ringing.
WQA, how long?
Oh, it's Neil Rogers speaking.
Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, I turned my radio down.
Yeah.
And this is Neil Rogers?
It sounds like me, yeah.
Okay, well, listen, I just want to thank you very much for putting that on, because,
well, it's fantastic stuff.
And one of the reasons I listen to you every day is because you've got such an extraordinary
wit and level of intelligence.
You don't find out most of the other English speakers say that again.
Well, how about...
How about on the four language stations?
Well, the other ones I don't understand, so I don't know what they're saying, but...
And you don't want to know, believe me.
I'm sorry?
I say you don't want to know.
No, probably not.
But again, I wanted to call in and say, hey, there's a lot of problems listening to that.
And that was amazing.
I just love the way they can pick and slice and dice.
Yeah, that was it.
Even Ron Popeel, number of sliced and dice the way the justice is.
Do you write?
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
All right, man.
Have a great day.
See that people out there listening to it.
Even though our phone systems all screw up and this is a guy named Make Believe Radio Station.
So they can take this down and understand the country is wrapped up in this.
They don't care about some stupid ballgame right now.
The country is wrapped up in this crap.
And except for a few of bunch of, you know, the gentleman gamblers out there
are worried about a point spread in the over's and under's.
This is where it's at.
This is where people are like coming out of their purses.
They've been carrying inside the very heart and soul.
I can't stand him.
He makes me feel...
No, I can't.
He's a goody-two-shoes.
Frank says no.
You know, real pony baloney.
He's probably like, you know, doing his dog.
Who knows?
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, it's so discouraging trying to talk about the subject with co-workers or neighbors.
And what is that?
Well, it seems like either half of them are...
They're parroting the Republican propaganda that's always been counted.
It's been read count.
Yeah, and on how many times you can't count to read that's what you like.
Right.
And then the other half...
I like to explain that they're putting out right from the beginning
because they're terrified that if they actually looking them all counted,
they know they're going to lose.
I know, but a lot of these companies are buying it.
And the other half are like, well, I'm so sick of it.
I don't care who's going to just get into trouble.
Well, that's what they're counting on.
They're playing the impatient, you know, that card.
So they're wearing the people down and they're just like repeating over and over
and just getting into their heads.
Hey, these high-use count, these recount, they don't let them count anymore.
Well, they're still counting, man.
I know that they...
As of tomorrow morning, I think they'll be counting.
I think the hang-in judge in the Leon County, he's really counting again.
I hope somebody in California gets a hold of this.
Okay, good luck to him.
And he said they're going to be counting till they're slap happy,
as Melody said.
The supervisor of elections in Seminole County has conceded
that she allowed two Republican party operatives to collect 4700 Republican
absentee ballot applications so they would not be thrown out court documents
revealed Monday.
A 132-page deposition taken of election supervisors, Sandra Grewd,
paints a picture of an informal small-town voting operation
with few security checks or paper trails through the office near Orlando
could play a key role in deciding the outcome of this election.
In the deposition, Grewd and elected Republican himself office in 1983
acknowledged that two representatives of the state Republican party
used the back room in their office for 10 days to collect the ballot applications.
How do you like that?
And these people here, the ones that were down in Ported Chip,
in here, that were screaming about government and the sunshine and
let us in and let see what's going on.
Let me read that sentence again.
She ignores that two representatives of the state Republican party used
the back room in her office for 10 days to collect the ballot applications.
She conceited that no one was ever allowed to collect applications in the past
and that her staff assisted the G.A.P.
representatives by sorting Republican applications from Democratic applications,
something else that had ever been done before.
According to the documents, Grewd said her office didn't check the identification
of one of the two men.
Are you following this?
And she told her to her, she still has no idea who he is.
You might have been drugged.
You know who I think it was?
Oh, this is G.Grewd and Liddick.
Yeah, that's who I think it is.
Probably was eating rats in the back room.
The men were not supervised while they were, she said.
It's like putting two people in a bank vault on supervised and saying,
don't touch anything.
Said, Harry Jacobs and Orlando Area Attorney and Democratic who's filed a lawsuit against G.Grewd and other Republicans.
It's a very cozy relationship they had with the Republican party.
Oh, this is just enough to make you want to barf.
Or what is P.A.D.S. too of this?
One thing I hit about these facts is they come in like, oh, look at that.
I got P.A.D.1, P.A.D.3, P.A.D.4.
Where'd Alice P.A.D.2 here?
Oh, here it is.
These sclerzers came to a lawsuit that if successful will throw out all of Summer Old County's absentee ballots,
at least 15,000, about 2 thirds of which went to George W. Bush.
If they were thrown out, still a legal wrong shot, it would be more than enough to overcome bushes
my new leading forward and handy election to Grewd, et cetera, and so on.
But also, which could be one of Grewd's best shots, the wing was moved Monday from Seminole County to Calahancy after both sides of the grade of the change.
Oh, it's just the... Yeah, we're working in the back room.
She even knew who one of them is.
She just came in kind of like hung out for a while.
560-560, 05-60 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line 138 at QAM.
This is 560-QAM.
Oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
So, three things are bad.
But we're not talented, bad.
We're still those talents today.
We don't want no more talented states that are not talented.
But that's Canada, there's only four of you.
So, what one do?
It's actually herap, it's articham.
It's not poppy style.
It's successfully shaped with jet-flat paint.
It's the color of our walls.
It's pretty neat.
Those three things are bad.
We're not talented, bad.
Everyone go away.
There ain't no hand, those things.
They do have a vibe too.
Stop now, please.
If you don't want to stop from the office, there's you.
Stop, let's go.
122-550 got it at QAM.
Don't forget this afternoon, this is Ann by the AFL CIO.
And I heard this morning, full page ad page 9V.
What are voices be heard about our votes be counted?
They invite all four citizens who care about their votes to join the rally.
Four o'clock this afternoon, the Stephen Park government center,
111 Northwest First Week in Miami.
Also, getting back to the synonyms with the absentee ballots in central and Martin counties.
Anna Smith, a deputy election supervisor in Martin County,
said her office began noticing that many of the Republican forms coming in the office
lack the required numbers and that they were not processed.
She said she and her colleagues first tried to contact the voters who sent them in complete forms
but as it got out of the country, we were no longer able to do that, we were really swamped.
Wabr, she said, as many as 500 forms were turned over to the Republican Party workers to fix.
Smith said the decision was made by the election supervisor Peggy Robbins.
She said, Ms. Robbins, they were publicing as out of the office as we couldn't be reached at course.
I think she called someone up the state to discuss it first,
but I'm not sure Ms. Smith said referring to the state elections office.
We're very upset about this, said Jeffrey Schooly, the Martin County Democratic Chairman.
This is more than they did in seminal.
From what I understand, the Republican Party was allowed to take these request forms out of the supervisors office
which kept no track of how many went out or how many went back in.
How do you like that?
And you call this an election?
I don't think that there's any real way anybody's going to have any idea how many...
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
Here's a call from somewhere. Hello.
We love this Supreme Court.
Right, we're going to ask old you.
Okay, great. Have a great life.
Here's a mobile and L.A.B. cello.
Ralph.
Yes, sir.
Hey, don't.
Okay. I want to thank you for playing what is possibly the most important thing since you coming back on the air.
Yeah.
What was that taken?
The thing that's shocking to me is that something you read about that article in seminal county where they said that if these votes were thrown out,
you definitely see that.
That is a long shot.
How is it a long shot?
Long shot.
It's a slam dunk that those votes should be thrown out.
And I voted for court and I live in the state of Florida and I think they should just take the whole state of Florida and dump it in the circular file.
Yeah.
Because there's too much crap that went on and nobody's going to know what really ever happened.
Throw it out.
Whoever wins the majority of the election, the electoral votes without the state of Florida is winner and case closed.
But you know that's not going to happen.
No, it won't happen.
That's why it's going to be the same.
That's why Jeff and the legislature are screwing with a special section on Tuesday so they can point their own slate of 25 electives to make sure that they get them up there for Bush.
Yeah.
And now, you know, nobody, I mean, he hasn't been interviewed yet, but I can't wait until he is and somebody holds his feet to the fire.
This is a guy who campaigned about I trust the states and I trust them to make their own decisions.
I trust the people.
And now he is federalizing everything he can possibly federalize.
Right. That's right.
You got it.
He's just a scumbag.
Okay. Good luck, you're palsy at the airport.
See ya.
Okay. The international law of thumb.
56650560. Oh, it's reticent.
What's that?
There's a lot of action today here.
After a 90 minute oral argument, audio tape through release.
The release to this is a very short moment.
The Supreme Court has never allowed audio tape-free release on the same day as the actual arguments.
The enforcement.
Oh, no, we don't want to hear that again.
Okay, we heard it all.
Once was enough. Thank you.
I'd rather see that Dan is usually one of the way to tell a hashi again.
And hear it again.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, thanks for playing that.
And if you don't mind, I'd like to express the opinion.
Sure.
I don't think there's a chance of Bush winning it.
And I have three reasons for that.
Yeah.
One would be.
They're saying that the courts imploded on have the right to resolve statutory differences
with the constitutional differences in this state.
And basically that would be like the Supreme Court setting precedent where they can't resolve federal statute differences
with the US Constitution.
So they're not going to go that way.
Second would be the line of questioning even indicated what they said.
You're saying the legislature sets all the rules and the court has to be out of it.
Yet in Article 15, it says the Congress should resolve all disputes that you're asking us to do it.
So on one hand, you say the courts have to say that the legislative matters.
On the other hand, you're saying you want this court to get involved in a legislative matter.
So you're destroying your own argument.
And yeah, but I'd like to at least I would bet a lot of money on it.
When Chris Scalia and the El Conor, those three for sure, I'm going to go with Bush.
They're in peace.
And the final thing is I think you might have made a huge mistake by filing the case anyway.
Because now he had it all set up with the legislature.
We're going to get the electors in there.
Right.
But now he's raised the issue before the court, before they even had a chance to make their move.
And the court could actually step in and say, you know what?
The legislature just can't supercede the Supreme Court of Florida.
And that's a danger of thinking of the view for the Bush can't.
Oh, I'm going to tell you if they go ahead and do that, there's going to be war in this state.
You can just smell it.
And by the way, I'm a conservative person.
I've never voted for a Democrat in my life.
I used to work for a president of the United States until this year.
I was disgusted in the Republican party, too.
It's such an incompetent blue, as a candidate.
If it wasn't for somebody with any decency, I would have voted Republican.
But it cannot in good terms.
It's both for George, that he Bush, and I did not.
I mean, the whole thing is so transparent.
You know, the Bush family, and Cheney, and the Powell, and all these people,
this whole clan of people who want to take over the reign of the government,
and they put him up as the face man, and people are supernummed by him with it.
It's just mind-boggling.
I mean, there are thinking conservatives out there.
We're not hearing from a lot of them, but there are things you can conservative out there.
Do they really want this guy with his finger on the button,
and telling us what to do?
Yeah, but don't forget somebody would have to show him what it is first.
You're right.
Have a great day, everybody.
Oh, there's a bright guy anyway.
He's at least honest enough to say,
this guy's a moron, and you know what?
I think he's got a good point.
This is 560, QAF.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560s.
QAF.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560s.
He was the right person to be all day.
I suspect that's much better.
So he can be seen in TV shows like King Royce,
but the fact that I'm here to laugh at him.
Oh, that's the way it's all out of no-one's world.
I think that I did today.
Sorry, but you'll never get it today.
You'll never get it today.
Just 50 pounds.
152 at 560, WQAM.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T line.
I'll pull the day on the O'Rangeers.com,
and you can vote on this all weekend long.
You'll ask them forward,
or why is it going to give you three choices?
It's honest, there's any other state.
Not too good with that one.
13.1%, 46 votes out of 350.
Pretty weak.
Far, but only by accidental events.
62, 17.7%, still pretty weak.
6, 242, 69.1%.
Do you know that 69 again keeps popping up on this perverted show?
Every time I take a pull, it comes out something 69.
Here's somebody on my line six.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, and you know, every time they have a pool in this country,
we have the Cubans involved.
What's with that?
The Cubans involved in me like Mayor Pinga Piccania?
Yeah, we're two-some.
I read him in the New York Times this morning.
He's out in Cala-Halfey,
and he comes with the Republican.
That's right.
I read him in the Democrat.
Well, he's becoming a Republican.
And you read that too.
It's the same article.
I was he changing over.
He's a comedian.
He's changing colors.
In fact, I hear he's going to become Colombian next week.
That's what I'm hearing.
And what about Juan Mediada?
He's got a little Cuban in him.
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
Okay.
I have a question in the request.
Yes, sir.
First one is the Constitutional Law is a pain in the ass.
I have no idea who was winning and who was getting the power out.
No, I don't have any idea what they said.
It was fascinating, but I haven't got any idea what they were saying.
Is there any reaction, at least, by the note at all?
Not really.
Not really, because they keep telling you this.
Well, don't try to anticipate the decision based on the questions.
Okay.
And is that correct?
Greta and Roger Kossak both seem to think that the court is going to turn bush down.
Okay.
And is there going to be any more argument for her?
Is that that?
That's it.
Okay.
And my request is...
In fact, those are the oral arguments that her mother did.
Maybe accepting the e-loguments.
Yes, that's the next step.
And the request is, could you close out the show with Georgie Juner as a piece of Schmidt?
Okay.
All right.
And have a great day.
That would be bad to play that.
I'm sure that's first off a lot of the bush people along the way as we've been playing that,
because it's pretty damn, you know, one and two bad.
So it's first two years of Peter's shit.
So it's first two years of Peter's shit.
So it's first two years of Peter's shit.
But he Juner is a Peter's shit.
And the rich boy will bet that they both can't choke it.
But he's going to do it all and get paid money.
He don't give a drop about people going up.
We've both come together with the same.
We can't fight you left.
She did justice appear.
We look in all over.
And it's still like here.
Hey Georgie Juner, what did you left?
She thought you were playing that, you'll find out that you've been slow to a average college kid
and took him party.
And you've been pitched for possession of drugs.
But I wish it's like you.
You can hire a judge.
You can donate tax when the end of it has changed.
But most juniors in the pizza sh**.
But most juniors in the pizza sh**.
But most juniors in the pizza sh**.
But Juner in the pizza sh**.
What's wrong with her?
But most juniors in the pizza sh**.
But most juniors in the pizza sh**.
But most juniors in the pizza sh**.
Georgie Juner in the pizza sh**.
Okay, 156 and 550 is over to QA.
And here's Wellington.
Hello.
Wellington, going once.
Long gone.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, first time long time.
Yes, sir.
A little thing on this going on with the ballots up there in Seminole County.
Now, if her deposition does not get suppressed in the courtroom, it's over.
They will get tossed out because that is violation of federal law.
Yeah.
There is no way that a...
Oh, yeah.
Georgie Juner and his gang of thieves can tie that one.
I mean, I can't see it.
This is going to be some weekend, you know what?
It's going to be fun.
In fact, I bet you the streets are going to be empty all weekend.
Nobody will be living in the house.
Everybody will be.
Let's say they'll be glued to the party all weekend.
Yeah, well, then we'll have to see what happens Monday.
But with the Supreme Court business, the way they were questioning Bush's attorney
seems like they weren't buying it.
You know, it seems like they weren't buying it.
But like they said, you can't really tell what they're thinking with the way they're questions.
But it looks like they're leaning a little bit more towards Goa, but who knows what they're going to do.
That's right.
Except for Renquist and the San Diego Congress.
Yeah, the three students, you know, they're on Bush's pocket anyway.
You bet.
You got it.
Okay, good luck to all of you.
I don't want YouTube.
Yeah, I could just, I mean, you can't see them on TV because obviously it was, and there were, there were
Joan pictures of them and there were, asking the questions, the justice.
But you could just envision Renquist with that big, I like the, I guess it yesterday.
I like the black robes that the other justice is where the big red robe with the round swastika on the,
about the, on the bellclackle.
You'll see that on Renquist.
So, shake it a little bit.
You can't.
Chancelor Renquist.
Yes, sir.
My post-law.
Oh, that's very clear to the police.
Well, I'm going to say that.
