Radio 560 WQAM Myam.
I'M GONNA GO!
It's 430-560 WQAM Myam before
Lauderdale presents the New World Championship
Radio 560-560 toll free for date and
power.
More pound 560 at yourself.
All the opinions of Neil, his guests,
callers or anyone else on the show do not
necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily
read that position or the feats in
Rochester.
Now, Neil Rochens on 430-560 QAM.
It's 430-1.
You first, you only in the Banana Republic,
baby.
Only in Miami.
10-0-2 at 560-WQAM Happy Friday to you.
Same old tired crap over and over.
It's called neurotic repotitions.
What it's called.
I'm going to tell you right now for the
biggest enemies of this town.
Four of the biggest enemies of life as we
would like to have it in this town.
Their names are Channel 4, Channel 6, Channel 7 and Channel 10.
And probably Vantitration, the Synquant de
Uno, but I don't watch those anyway.
Your TV stations, trying desperately and
guess what?
It didn't work.
That's the best part of the whole deal.
Trying desperately to whip everybody up into a
frenzy.
Like how we said.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
That is absolutely correct, Tammy.
The only true thing you ever said in your life.
And wipe that mask off your ugly push.
Same old neurotic repetition like I said and just
trying to make something out of nothing.
All afternoon yesterday, all stinking afternoon.
Thank God for the satellite dish, by the way, as far as
anybody wants to watch, guiding light or their favorite
soap operas.
Because most people don't want to get up at 1.30 in a
morning or tape the show.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, all the shows you want to watch 1.35 in a
morning will run those and get your VCR going.
No, I don't want to watch the guy at the MBCR.
I want to see it now.
I want my cigarette snorkel.
That's right.
I want it my way.
I want it in this.
That's what this thing is all about.
Like a bunch of sport little brats.
And the problem in this town is that when you give,
see it's like with your kids.
When your kids throw a temper tantrum and you
cave in the first time, he says, OK, OK, just to try to
calm them down and shut them up.
Then they figure, hey, it worked.
I'm going to keep doing it over and over again.
And every time I want to have something done my way,
every time things don't get done my way, I'll go out there
and throw a tantrum again and block off the streets
and piss everybody off.
Yeah, but you know, you're pissing everybody up.
Well, they don't care.
So that's the thing a lot of you don't understand.
Is that the people who are out there, the hysterical obnoxious
people out there blocking off the streets and acting like
a bunch of a 10th world country people, they don't care
whether they're pissing you off or not.
Because this is what they've been conditioned to do.
When you get pissed off, go out there in the streets.
And by the way, all you young punks out there,
every group that protests, whether it's blacks or
respects or Jews or whoever it is, every time there's
some kind of a thing going on with the TV cameras are
fixed on, you always see a bunch of young punks out there.
Have a little party in the street.
And as soon as the cameras go on, hey, but I made it,
might have opened their jump up and down and you can
get in and driving.
And if you take them out of the equation, it doesn't leave
much of anything at all.
It doesn't leave much.
And by the way, Metro police, let's give 55 stars to the
Metro police for a great job yesterday.
And the Miami police, that's what they deserve.
You guys suck, not necessarily individually, but as far as
the policy yesterday, which I realize the individual cops
don't make the policy.
But you know, here the Metro police, they went out there
and they said, we're not going to let you take over the
streets.
And they arrested about 50 people.
And all of a sudden, after the word got out that all
these people were arrested, you notice how fast those
streets cleared out yesterday afternoon.
But even when there was nobody there except cops, the TV
cameras are still grinding away and grinding away and
grinding away and grinding away.
And they've got the hoods, but it go on here and say, well,
you know, the crowds are very small right now.
But of course, as people are watching, this is the
afternoon goes on and people get out of work.
It's likely to become very massive and vivid and
vivid and massive.
Did it become vivid and massive?
No, no, no, it did not.
But the city, Miami police out there on Flagler Street,
Red Road at Flagler and the 61st at Flagler last night,
they let people go out there and take over the streets.
The streets are for traffic.
The streets are for driving.
As a couple of those people found out by the way, when
a guy in the red car went to butta Bing, hey, I got to
get somewhere, get out of my way or I'm going to
get a floor right, yeah, too bad.
The streets are for traffic.
You want to protest on the sidewalk, protest on the sidewalk.
Not in the middle of the street.
But at the most, the most I ever saw and I watched a lot of it
yesterday afternoon because that's that's all that there was.
The most I would say two 300 people at any point downtown.
And again, Metro cops, great job.
Nice going, boys.
Miami police are disgrace because you know, again, weak need.
Let them go out there, take over Flagler Street.
What kind of crap is that?
And here's all these guys, all these poor truckers that
are way up a lot of truckers.
They'll listen to this show, all these poor guys who are trying
to take their load if I can say that into the port of Miami there.
They're trying to do their job.
And they have to be backed up for miles and miles.
You know, I'm coming to work this morning.
I'm coming down the turn bike and there was a bad wreck on the
northbound on the other side.
And I'm looking and I'm seeing traffic is backed up for miles.
On the northbound turn bike probably still is.
And I'm thinking to myself, you know, when you're driving,
when you have a life to live and you have to go to work,
you got to go to the dock day, whatever it is that you have to do.
Sometimes actually important.
It's bad enough just on an ordinary day trying to survive driving
on the roads of this town.
I had a guy, I'm coming, I'm coming out university this morning
going to 595 and my light turns green and some asshole in the van.
He makes a right on red, which I'm in the middle lane.
Okay, but now all of a sudden he's cutting across the lanes.
Thank God for having a fast Corvette.
I was able to haul ass and get around this stupid son of a bitch.
Crazy, irresponsible person.
So just ordinarily trying to live your life in this town or any big city is tough enough.
Trying to make your way through the guy in highways and all the assholes out there.
But putting up with this crap, the answer is absolutely positively.
No, unacceptable.
And I'm going to say right off the bat, I could sit here for the next four hours
and make the most eloquent case for alien Gonzalez staying here.
I could also sit here for the next four hours and make the most eloquent case for him going back and being with daddy.
Okay, but like George said yesterday, what does it got to do with the price of rice?
Does it have anything to do with my life?
No.
Does it have anything to do with anybody in this town?
No.
No.
Does it impact in our life?
No.
This is strictly a pissing contest.
That's all it is.
Who's going to get to brownie points?
His going to be Phadel, God forbid, or is it going to be the crazy people in this town?
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
It hasn't got anything to do with this poor little six year old kid.
Like I said, he's like the wish-ball into Thanksgiving.
We got Phadel, and his crazy people on the one side pulling one leg in one direction
and we got the crazy participant that's downpulling on the other.
And the tip off yesterday during the 85,000 hours of coverage when they were praying that something would develop when there was almost nobody out there
And one of the so-called spokespeople says, oh, but here, Ellie, I'm pointing out he's a symbol of this, a symbol exactly
Not that he's a human being
And by the way, don't insult me by going out in the street, you little Libertad, you people that are out there blocking the streets
You wouldn't know Libertad from your goddamn rectum. Okay, don't feed me that pile of dog crap
Libertad, when it's convenient for you when you want to get your way when Los Van Van wants to sing here or when some artist wants to display his
Whatever it is or when somebody wants to go on a year and an expressive viewpoint that's different from yours
Like the poor black guy that had the on the misfortune on Wednesday
Out there in front of the INS building at Biscayne and 79 Street to express a different point of view
And there was one guy. I'll never forget the history on this guy's face
Guy in his 30s with glasses and a green shirt
You have a communist you have a common and he's pointing and screaming and the cameras showed a close up and you could see the veins
Popping out of this guy's head. He was so psychotic
Because this underguide there there to have a different opinion
F and communist
So don't give me no Libertad crap
Freedom is in the minds of these people are out there in the streets freedom is only what they decide it's gonna be
And you can say what they think is okay and you can perform if you're okay with them
But if you're not then you got problems then your freedoms all disappear
So talk about a bunch of hypocrites Libertad my fat ass, okay
You wouldn't know liberty if it stuck you right in the goddamn push
Phony phony baloney
But the good news is that it was only a handful of people
A bunch of silly old people who just are never gonna let go and a bunch of kids out there having a party in the streets
And that's pretty much it
10 past 10 to 5 60 WQ and if you know portion of this broad guest maybe we produce
No express written permission of WQ a m deeply lead acquisition course only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
Oh
Th président little start
I want to wonder where you will hold Jackson G. When the bus is to pitch a pillow or
or turn.
Pension speed is 560 WQ.
The good news is channel 7, channel 6, channel 4, channel 10, maybe even the most big English
channels.
I got the regular programming on today.
Let's share it.
Oh, irresponsible.
You're a bunch of grave robbing assholes.
Okay?
I am so ashamed to be even connected in any way shape or form with what is known as the
local media in this town.
And by the way, speaking of ashamed, I don't want to even go into it because Wednesday
afternoon I'm driving home from my mother's around 330.
And I heard what the Humphor had to say about the Cecil Collins thing and try to wash
it away.
You know, when you make a mistake when you're wrong, admit that you're wrong.
Okay?
Nobody's perfect.
We all make mistakes.
Even...
That's right.
When you're wrong, you're wrong, Fats are okay.
So why not come on and admit?
Why not try?
Just try to wash it away.
Embarrassing.
I'm humiliated for him.
And I'm humiliated for what passes as the media in this gutless, spineless town.
Hour after hour after hour.
And of course, here's Elliott Rodriguez.
And here's all these other objective people like Rick Sanchez last night.
You know, you don't belong on the air, Rick.
In fact, when something like this happens, you want to be disqualified from being on the
air.
They'll drag your ass off the anchor desk and make you just squat over the bay, squat over
the towers there behind the building.
Comes on last night.
They've got this woman correspondent in Havana who's been given the father side of the story
on all this.
And he starts pontificating about the National Council of Churches wanting to be the intermediary
or to bring the boy back to Cuba.
And he's the editorial comments.
And, well, you know, the National Council of Churches who tied in with the Cuban Council
of Churches, but it'd be, well, you quote, of course, for a communist, a communist, and
she looked, she came back with a very, she said, the National Council of Churches represents
churches that have a membership of 56 million people in the United States.
I think it's a little irrational to start calling them all communists.
And yes, they do get involved in unpopular causes like in Iraq and a lot of other places
in the world, but nevertheless, that's their history.
They've always done that.
Communists, they've communists, they've communists.
And as long as I live, I'll never forget the image because they replayed it several
times with the God with a green shirt and the glasses down to 70 eyes in this game.
You're an effing communist.
You're an effing cop.
All you have to do is have a different opinion than you're a communist, but leave it
to God.
Leave it to God.
Leave it to God for this little 60 year old boy that they couldn't give a flying
crap less about.
But not for the rest of us who have a different opinion.
And the rest of us who don't think that airing your grievances means going out and
blocking the streets every time you get pissed off and don't get your way like a
spoiled little brat.
It's just unacceptable.
And by the way, there we did again.
You know, here, here just on the heels, just a couple of days ago, they're bragging.
Here's Mayor Penga Picania and here's the police chief from Dave County.
Oh, yeah, look at these crime statistics and which way down and the murders are way
down.
And you know, all those days of the tourist being scared.
And now what do we have on CNN and the lead stories on the most of the nightly newscasts?
Same old.
They're out there carrying on in the streets again, blocking off traffic, pissing everybody
off.
And thanks to your local media, they made a mountain out of a molehill because quite frankly
like they showed last night, Channel 7, highly a 49th Street.
You know, how many people were out there?
Maybe 20.
I'd say more like a dozen.
Standing on the curb.
And by the way, nice going highly, please.
Nice going here, Rowell.
See, they were terrified that if they went out in the street, Rowell will come and beat
the crap out of them.
Nice going, Rowell.
We never stole a freight train, but came pretty, I think he got the caboose.
That's a way to do it.
So Metro day, nice job, highly a beautiful job.
City of Miami, this graceful job.
Caving and letting people take over the streets.
The streets are for vehicles.
They're for driving.
Not for protest, especially people that don't even have a permit to protest.
If you're going to have a parade, if you're going to have a march, if you're going to have
like a major orchestrated demonstration, you have to get a permit for that.
If you want to demonstrate in front of a building, you know, like they were at the INS building,
you can do that on the sidewalk, orderly peacefully, but not blocking off the streets of this
community.
And so anyway, we have an appearance schedule that next tomorrow between noon and noon.
We've had some interesting debate about that here this morning, whether we should go
ahead and do it.
And our inclination is to go ahead and to be there, noon to noon, that's 71 11 West
Lavender.
The McCarty girls are going to be there with the ROM samples, which is why George is
adamant about wine to be there.
And of course, Free Secards, which is even more reason why you're adamant about it.
Free beer free.
Sample of Anheuser, Bush's new products to Keith and Romma.
Free beer free booze and paves.
Free Secardic girls, right?
Like I said, so George is adamant.
He's, in fact, even if we cancel the appearance, he's going down there.
But as it now will be there noon and noon and tomorrow, depending of course, as the day
goes on, of how much more hysteria goes on there on Flagler Street and whether or not
the city of Miami Police want to allow the streets to be chaos.
Absolutely positively unacceptable.
What they permitted on Flagler Street last night.
They must not be watching very carefully what MetroDane was able to do.
Get the people out of the streets and if they don't want to get out, you arrest them.
That's it.
That's the way it works.
You want to protest stand on the sidewalk and protest and wave your little flags and
scream.
Limit that.
Limit that.
Limit that.
And like I said, you can make the most eloquent argument in the world.
You know, the boy's mother and the her boyfriend risked their lives to bring this boy from
communism for a better life to America, even though it was very responsible, by the way.
And of course, he would be dead right now for one for the two fishermen in Palm Pto
Beach that found him floating in a goddamn inner tube out there, which everybody seems
to be forgetting about how responsible and courageous she was.
The word is irresponsible.
But nevertheless, he got here and you could make a very eloquent argument.
Don't send it back to a communist country.
And I understand that.
I can very easily see that perspective.
But that's not the issue here.
The issue is that this is a government of laws and the INS makes their ruling based on
those laws.
And here we got a bunch of people as usual making up things as they go along or the Constitution
is.
Isn't that interesting?
And by the way, the same right wing Republicans that these people embrace so much are the ones
who are so anti-immigration and made the laws that are going to wind up sending him back.
Not the Democrat and not Bill Clinton on whom they revile so much because he's a Democrat.
Communist, communist, communist, communist, you see there you go.
So you can't complain about the Cuban communities understanding of politics in America because
they don't have any.
They don't get it.
And when you're trying to reason with people whose actions are only motivated by irrational
hysteria and emotion, can you reason with people like that?
No.
No.
But like I said, the good news is that there weren't that many of them.
That's the good news.
The bad news is that the media made a feeding frenzy out of this.
And let me say it again.
You people are, I can't speak for the Spanish language station so I don't watch them.
I don't understand it.
But you people at 4, 6, 7, 10, what you pulled off yesterday was one of the great discracers
in the history of television.
And they just carried on and on and on.
And then channel 4, and they realized that they were going to miss a lot of Oprah.
God forbid because that's the only show they got with any numbers on it.
All of a sudden they dropped out of this because Oprah was on.
And as soon as they dropped out, all of a sudden because they monitor each other every
time they break away from regular programming, all of a sudden as soon as one of them let's
go of it, the other one let's go like a hot potato.
And here come those network programming and the syndicated shows back on again.
You're a cancer on this community.
You people at channel 4, 6, 7, and 10.
I'm embarrassed for us that you're what we have here in the name of the God damn television
media.
You're disgrace.
And sitting there and making editorial comments back and forth and here's Tony Cigaretteau.
I know when I want to get some real good ideas of sociological impact on what's happening
in this community, I'm going to turn into Tony Cigaretteau.
You know what I'm saying?
For a few good laughs.
And sloppy, volopy.
What a joke.
But the good news is so far so good today.
Some guy went down here and beat the crap out of one of the pro to the hunger strikers
down there this morning.
And Mayor Suarez was down there wandering around looking like going like that.
Who am I and where am I?
Here's a call from North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got two points of view here.
One point of view is how long you think that the riot would have stayed on if that would
have been in the riot?
Well, whatever.
The protesters.
How long you think that would have lasted if they would have done that in Bokoratone?
They wouldn't have done it in Bokoratone.
Right.
I know.
But it's been done enough up in Broward County.
How long you think it would have lasted?
That's the points here.
They wouldn't have done it because they know they couldn't have gotten away with it.
Right.
And the second point I want to tell you is the people who are inconvenienced with this
are the Cubans.
So what's the problem with that?
Like I said before, it's like when black people get pissed off and they write and burn
down their own neighborhoods, it doesn't make much sense to me.
There you go.
Okay.
Have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course, if the government had a ball in any brains, what they would have done, at
the same time on Wednesday, when this woman from INS was making the announcement, Diane
Miesner, whatever her name was, when she was making the announcement, they would have
already been making the transfer.
And the intermediate would have been arranged for the intermediate to be here from the National
Council of Churches or some Getzky from the Catholic Church, or whoever was going to
make the transfer and put them on a nice plane and take them over there and reunite them
with his daddy.
And that's it.
Over and done with.
As opposed to letting this now linger on and opening up the doors for a festering ugly
situation.
Do we need any more festering ugly situations in this town?
No.
We're already beleaguered enough.
This town and the people who live in it have taken so much crap in the last 40 years.
We don't need to take any more crap.
Enough is enough.
We don't need it.
We don't deserve it.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The comment that you made about the wishbone thing, it brought the mind of the story, you know,
the old story about King Solomon and the kid who was being fought over.
Do you remember what he said?
No.
Cut the kid in half, give it one to each half.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Why do I solve it?
Yeah.
That's the solution there.
Give the father half and then give the cousin half.
Leave the right side here because we've got far right people over here in the left side
of that common history that far left the castrow.
There you go.
Absolutely.
And it will make everybody happy.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye.
Okay.
There you go.
Just chop them in half.
A little piece for him, a little piece for us.
Because like I said, he doesn't mean anything.
He's not the issue here.
There's all kinds of people that could be the issue also like the Chinese people that were sent back on the Haitian vote.
Nobody cares about them.
It's brownie points.
It's a pissing contest.
We want to win.
We want to get another win against Adele.
Is that going to change anything?
No.
Just like when the Pope went to Cuba.
Did anything change?
No.
No.
Although, I will say this, Adele was dressed better.
Which in his case is saying a hell of a lot to be dressed dressed better than anybody.
But in this particular instance, he was.
In fact, when he went up there and at the stage together there in Havana, I remember when the Pope was there and he said, he said to the Pope and that's funny.
Oh, nice outfit.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what's really interesting is here you got this commissioner down there, Regolato that's supposed to represent law and order.
And he's in the frame of all this.
He got in the fist fight and they were going to arrest him.
Yeah, and he's on there adamantly denying that he's encouraging the doing thing.
But then at the other hand, he's rationalizing the fact that people are out there in the streets.
You know, they should have just arrested him and taken him off.
He's an asshole.
There you go.
And I'll tell you, I hate to see anybody get hurt one way or another.
But when that guy floored it and I read a car, I said, amen.
Yeah.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, sometimes your breaks just don't work right.
You know what they're right, Tom?
I agree.
And have a great day.
You see, Tony Cigaretteau did make a good point with sloppy veloppie there yesterday.
They were showing the handful of people out in the middle of the streets.
I forget which way I was on this game.
Boulevard, I guess there were still a few stragglers.
And here was a woman with little kids out there in the street.
If you want to lay down in the street and put your life at risk, okay, I guess if you're that stupid, go ahead.
And see if the other guys' breaks might work.
But to take your little kids out there and bring them in the street with you, you must be crazy.
You must be out of your freaking mind to be doing stuff like that, to jeopardizing your kids' lives.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Well said.
Couldn't say a better myself.
Here's a mobile in high-elita.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two points.
Actually, I was in ILLM on North Miami at this point.
First, you'll notice that these protests did not take place in high-elia.
And what's the reason for that?
The reason is the last time they did this and they were on the street and on the expressway.
Just mayor Martinez, no matter what you say about it, took the police.
They stopped the people.
Right.
That's what I just said.
They said, hi, ILLM, they were at let me be 10 or 15 people on the sidewalk.
They wouldn't let them on the street last night and they know how to handle it right.
They're not going to put up with this crap.
And secondly, I don't know.
I don't remember which station it was.
I finally got home last night and my wife was watching the thing.
I said, they still do it there.
And they said, yeah, they're going to have another report right now.
And one of the reporters, a female reporter, the station switcher.
And they had not turned the lights on her yet.
But the camera was on.
And you can see the people behind you just milling there doing nothing.
Oh, I see the lights on.
What they started waving.
Any one of these demonstrations in the streets, no matter what the group is, it's the same thing.
They're mugging for the cameras.
They're playing for the cameras.
They sit around like they're having a circle's earth industry.
And as soon as the cameras come on, they're like, Libertad, Libertad,
and holding the signs in the kids area, giving the highest sign.
It's all a pile of crap, okay?
And there's nothing wrong, I guess, with having a pile of crap.
As long as it doesn't disrupt the community and give us another black mark, that's the problem.
Does it make us look like it, what makes us look?
It shows everybody that we're a third world country, which we are in Dave County.
And the thing with the streets, unacceptable.
Letting people go out and block off the streets.
Absolutely, positively, unacceptable.
Period.
No discussion.
No argument.
Period.
And somehow the Miami Police Department doesn't understand that.
Metro understood it real well.
Highly understood it.
No problem at all.
No questions asked.
But city of Miami, what's their response?
Yeah.
Well, that's called Joe Carroyo.
It was too busy.
Hacking the China with Janet Reno.
And Janet said, no.
And by the way, Janet, quit shaking so bad.
I realized she's got Parkinson's, but couldn't have somebody like holding her down, but you know what I'm saying?
No, seriously, it's a 20-year after 10, if I...
I mean, couldn't they bring like Michael J. Fox or somebody to hold her down?
Maybe she could hold under a lead weight.
There you go.
I'm not going to say it.
Avoid.
Jim Mandage, toss sports.
We get over here on sports radio 516 QAL.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Some funny ones told me you saw full of baloney.
Your face is sharp and cool in the shed.
Your presidential fund, you think harder, you saw.
Wall of fuck, but think you're just a meathead.
Well, through that ship coming in, you're in the running.
Republican's out for footback, coming.
Doesn't make sense, something.
And so far, it's when you try to explain what the issues are.
What's up, and it's out in the dirt, the police.
I'll bet you was lost to an enemy.
The election is tough and tough.
What's your popularity, it's just tough.
I know you are outlawed, what you gain now.
Just say, I know you are outlawed, do we love you?
No way, but you're out of town.
You will probably end up with a ball.
Pest 32 at 560 WQM, we got Hank and two, Jimmy Johnson, we got a shot.
At 5, Booshambi at 6 and Orlando, the big four at Kaplan, 10 o'clock tonight.
You know, we're looking at front page of the newspapers.
And here's the Sun Sentinel on the front page, and you see mostly Metro cops.
And you could count if I had the time, which I didn't take it, but you could count.
I would say a couple of dozen, maybe 30 people by the Port of Miami.
And there were maybe a couple of hundred people there, 1.2 or 300.
But here at this point, there were like maybe 30 people, and a hell of a lot more cops.
And then you look at the picture in the heroin front page, passionate and protest spread of the streets.
And here's this asshole Ramon Sal Sanchez.
He's an asshole.
He's trying to hold back the cop on a horse.
And here's a bunch of horses.
Beckham.
Asses standing there with their little Cuban flags.
And you could count, I mean, I realized it's only a little slice of the street that they're showing in this picture.
But you can actually count like maybe a dozen people.
All of them over the age of 100, by the way, in this picture.
Much ado about nothing.
That's what this whole thing is.
Much ado about nothing.
And I'm going to say it again and again and again.
The people who run the TV news departments in this town, you're all a bunch of grave robbing assholes.
You were disgraced.
And don't ever try to insult us by telling us that you're doing something for this community.
Which one is channel four?
Or working for you or whatever that stupid slogan is?
Yeah, you're working for us all right.
You're working to exploit and squeeze as much as you can out of this town.
Every problem, every dispute, every aggravation.
You're there to exploit it and manipulate it and squeeze as many dollars out of it as you can.
There was no reason whatsoever.
You know, you saw it was on the way to the doctor yesterday and you were right.
You said it should have been nothing more than a traffic report.
That's what it should have been.
They could break in when they usually do undercuttings and say,
okay, well, stay away from the port of Miami right now because I'm going to show in their picture and spend 30 seconds even a minute on it.
That's all that was required.
And I'm sitting there in an amazement with my jaw down to my recto knee yesterday thinking,
how can he still be hanging on to this thing?
There's nobody there anymore.
There's nobody there.
And they're just whipping the public up into a frenzy hoping,
just hoping that they can create some psychotic bizarre thing down there so they can,
well, you saw it exclusively on seven, first on four, last on six, whatever the hell it is.
You're a cancer on this town.
You're a big fat oozing disease on this community,
sucking the blood out of it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Happy New Year, actually.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Actually, I don't know where to start because I'm so embarrassed right now.
My parents are Cuban and they can't believe what's going on, you know.
They're more American than anything they've lived here, like civilized people for 40 years.
And there, like I said, they're so embarrassed to see what's going on.
And last night, Channel 10 was supposed to air a program called Cuba in my heart or something like that.
It was a documentary about Cuban's coming to Miami.
They canceled it because they thought it might incite a riot.
I sent John Garwood an email last night asking how can he pander to all these silly Cubans?
When there's just about 200 of them and they just keep showing them and showing them and showing them with the same people that they show last time there was a protest.
When they had the thing with the Coast Guard and the Opepris spray, they were the same people.
There were the same few hundred people down there.
Old ones about to die.
Yeah, it's the same 200 people that are about to die anyways.
No one cares about it.
And a bunch of kids out there are exploiting the situation to go out and act like they're gasoline in the street.
I don't know if you noticed, but those were the guys that they were arresting on the floor fighting with.
It wasn't the old people.
The cops were fighting the old people.
One good thing the old people can't fight back to good, so you know.
My brother-in-law called me last night from Tampa and was asking me what need I had to say about this.
I guess I'll call him today.
Okay.
Thank you all for telling me to hang out with his life.
And have a great day.
Hang on tight.
Don't squeeze it too hard though.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, here's a fact and I will get into this.
You know, I called the direct TV a couple of nights ago when at Panther Anaheim Game was...
And by the way, somebody better tell David J. Neal at the Harold.
Somebody better tell him since he was out there in Anaheim that we could not have watched at Panther Anaheim Game on the Anaheim Telecast from the NHL center-wise package.
Because that was also blacked out, wasn't it?
Yes it was.
Again, the Harold gets it wrong as they always do.
Yeah, ESPN 2 had the game of a Panther's didn't bother televising sports channel.
I had that great game where Victor Kraslov had a hat trick in Pavl Breen-Ray Whitney where brilliant again as usual.
Great game.
See, the schedule is thinking to begin with and here maybe the best game of the season at the game in Tampa.
The home game against Tampa on Saturday.
I knew yours day.
And it's like the Panthers have disappeared from the face of the earth.
All on all ESPN has got the rights in addition to which when ESPN 2 has got the telecast,
there are a lot of people that don't have ESPN 2 free on their cable who don't have any satellite dishes.
So if somebody in the Panther organization better get your act together.
Okay, better start getting some brains over there because if you really want to do some promotion and get some asses in the seats and people into building an excited and do's about a team that's going so great and is in first place by about 500 points in their division.
You better start showing us the product of the public.
Very, very sad.
But nevertheless you live and learn.
Here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
You know this whole Ilyon thing is absolutely ridiculous.
It's no one's business where this kid ends up except for his family.
Right.
And what is our business is how much tax money got wasted yesterday on extra police?
Can you imagine how many, and of course the city of Miami is almost bankrupt to begin with.
But can you imagine how much money had to be expended for the extra police?
Everybody was called in off to be out there to try to protect the streets in this town for a bunch of crazy people.
I know.
And also with all the issues facing this community, you would think the politicians had more important things to worry about than pandering to one child.
Yeah.
And a group of about 300 people.
And that's what's up saying to me about the whole thing.
You know we can go ahead and mobilize for one child.
But why can't they mobilize to improve education down here?
And as a community, let's get our priorities right and worry about the greater good and the amount of material.
Okay. Thanks.
Thanks, Neil.
See what you're forgetting though that they don't care about the child.
They don't give a flying crap about Ilyon.
He's just a symbol like the one guy said he's a symbol of this and a symbol of that.
He's just a figurehead.
Meaningless.
So it can be a song that answer concerned about him and his freedom and his future and you know, I can't lose.
He cannot possibly lose.
If he does go back, which is what the ILSS is going to happen, he's going to be treated like worthy.
Fidel has already been dining with daddy.
They had dinner together a couple of nights ago.
And of course that's what really inflames these people is that now daddy is upon a pup of the fiddle.
Well, you know what?
Who cares?
How does that affect our lives?
But every time Fidel takes a bowel movement and doesn't have blood in it, these people start getting hysterical.
Because that's all they know.
See, I know this comes as a great shock to some of those people, but life in America consists of a lot more than that.
Life, we're talking about real life.
What really like this guy said, like education, like schools, like being safe in the streets, like life, like living and breathing life.
Not some kind of hysteria that you want to hang to and brainwash your kids with.
That's why some of those kids are out there, by the way.
Just like the religious stuff, it is a religion.
To hell with Fidel, come on Easter, come on Easter, come on Easter.
And of course that's all you hear in your home, all your life.
And of course you're going to, that's what you're going to believe.
And you're going to become overwhelmed with it.
But there were certainly, especially the way the irresponsible TV channels here yesterday, especially the way they were whipping it up.
There was ample opportunity for the V, we just wrote test things here last night.
Did it happen?
No.
No.
Because like the callers are saying here, it's the same few hundred people over and over and over again.
And of course the real old people, you can understand, they don't have a life they're retired, they're not working, who knows what they're doing, they're on social security, whatever the hell they're doing.
There were numbers, I don't know.
So they were in heavy things, like a hobby for them.
We were dying, we were dying.
You know.
And then you got a lot of unemployed young punks out there who are doing nothing productive with their lives.
So why not go out there and act like an asshole in the streets and see if you can't get yourself arrested.
Here's West Kendall, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Take it easy man.
I just want to change the subject.
I want to talk about Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah okay.
Good going pal.
And by the way that's an excellent point.
The fact that all this is going on got us away from, oh gee, I almost wanted to play the second one there for a second.
And Jimmy and Danny.
Yes sir, good point.
This at least provides a diversion for us.
All of the sports shows where they talking about this stuff.
Oh no.
Now nothing deters them from their appointed grounds, believe you me.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's plantation, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
At the beginning of the news kit on Channel 7 last night they said we're going to check the latest hot spot by the American Airlines Arena and they go to Brian Andrews.
And they got two...
Just two crazy women there with a bed sheet.
I saw that.
Yeah they said they were worried about disrupting the heat game.
And they got another napkin.
Yeah the end of the news kit they said, well now we're going to check back at that hot spot.
They go to Brian Andrews and they can over and there's nobody there.
Right.
Trying to make something out of nothing.
Exactly.
Yeah it was laughable.
We were just people coming out of the game and there was just nobody there.
There was absolutely no incidents, there was no traffic type, there was nobody there.
And of course you do understand that after the Metro police did such a great job yesterday and arrested those 50 people and everybody saw that.
And on their TV sites that people were getting busted.
They decided to go elsewhere where they might have a better chance to go around the streets.
Yeah I just... I want to show up here so I'll let you know that.
That's all.
Typical. Thanks.
Yeah you're a bunch of axe murderers man.
All new TV people.
I'm embarrassed for our community that we have to tolerate you and put up with you that that's the kind of swill.
And thank God there's another reason by the way to get you a satellite dish.
So you can actually find out what's going on in the real world outside of our local Yokel TV channels.
And while you're at it by the way you might go to your corner news stand and buy some real newspapers from some other market where you can get a real newspaper from because you won't ever get one here where you know.
No.
No. Not a chance. Not a Chinaman's chance. Oh sorry.
Here's a mobile in Dania. Hello.
Hey Neil how you doing.
Great.
Hey listen I just got to make a quick comment about this in Leon thing.
You know granted that he came to you know he came to you know Miami do today's mother try to save him and you know he came and he made it and great you know.
But if the media was so far up his ass you know has oh Iriann beta here oh Iriann first Christmas oh Iriann.
It's the baby Jesus sister baby Jesus.
Yeah.
Right you know Iriann took his first dump who cares.
Right.
You know we don't want to hear that.
I sure hope it was a good smooth bomb moment too with no handbrake driving.
I hope there was good consistency and texture and so on.
You know so for you know why we actually had to see him 50 million times on the tally TV stations yesterday running around playing in the yard like like this was something new and revolutionary like six year old kids although it seems to me that led nighttime most six year old kids aren't running around in the yard playing they're probably playing inside the house.
You know I thought the little Jones I said well I want to do that.
Yeah.
You know anyway the point is that if the media would have kept them you know kept it themselves and if the I and S would have just made the decision and you know sent them home and not let the media know.
Then our sheets would be the regular you know be back to regular traffic will be flows smoothly.
And you know we'll be correct.
You know so that's a I feel and I'm out of material and I love you.
And I like to I vote for you for mayor.
Thanks.
Thank you.
And it's common sense of course we don't have too many people would come and send and I will say this I mean the politicians even for me to stick up for mayor pinappinca
would be very unusual but but they're all like on real fin ice on this deal you know I mean they're damned if they do and they're damned if they don't.
But at least mayor pinappinca one of the rare times at least he said that while he sympathizes with a plight of these people and understands they know their desire to protest that they will not tolerate date County won't tolerate being in the streets and doing any illegal activity and in convene and seeing the citizens etc and so on.
Which for him was like almost the first I think it was the first first time I heard him say he probably looked out the window and saw there weren't that many people there.
And decided it was probably politically not a very good idea to start the exactly he stuck it out the window in his finger too.
And of course I'm sure as he stuck it out the window Juan Medieta was there holding it and the nurse there I was checking out its temperature maybe he pulled it in fact where it's there I'm probably had his thumb up the mayor's back though while he was sticking his thing out the window.
In fact one was a pulling the foreskin back.
Remember all good the former friend what one media here's pop it all hello.
Good morning. Yes sir. Yeah I know just a thought you know local media when it when I have a script and a teleprompter that bad enough.
But when he had to cover live situation we have that live.
And I showed the truth. I'm sure stupid they are. Yeah I haven't have it they don't have a clue.
The other thought is how about Miami changing its name you know keeping with the status of the banana republic to the body public that they Miami.
La repulica de Miami I like that I like I like saying I repulica yeah that that has a nice ring to it.
Yeah keeping with what's going on just the last thought is if these people are trying to get us to go over to their point of view why the hell they waving Cuban flags.
They're saying let's keep the kid in the market up a wave of American flags.
There was only one American flag that I saw that was on Wednesday down at the INS building surrounded by a sea of Cuban flags.
Yeah let me say that's a flag of a communist country. But nevertheless they don't care what you think don't you understand these people don't care whether they're pissing you off or they just don't care.
They're irrational and emotional and hysterical and nothing you were I say is going to change them.
Yeah did you see the shot of the guy slapping the cops horse. Yeah. I mean out of order.
Yeah was out of order but was nice to see him in a panty bag in a few minutes later.
I didn't see that they know yeah they are where they busted his ass. Well that's good no it's right to them too.
Listen people out he pulled a look at the Miami alright okay I'll take your meat is.
Here's a big fan and four Myers who thanks George for doing an excellent job yesterday which by the way yes he did.
Thank God we had a little spit on here wasn't one of those professional spicks at least yesterday anyway.
It says because what is it because I went out to Dale Carnegie's book how to win friends.
Yeah how to win friends and influence people it says I'm an American Cuban living in four Myers but still not living far enough away from the radical Cubans.
It's hard to find a good Cuban restaurant. Well go on up to what you call it there oh that's right it's not Cuban it's Spanish in Sarasota.
What's the name of that place Columbia I don't know Columbia restaurant but they had that good sangria man.
Of course though it's a Spanish food you know it mostly horse meat that's what made in reek a turn out that way.
5.6.7.5.6.7.0.5.60 pound 5.60 on the 18 T wireless lines.
Hi by the Juan Pablo.
Yeah I like it when the guy stopped by for a hammer.
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
Yes when you got that hammer.
Of course.
I know I am just a fly from the guy's not my for a hammer for a hammer.
I like guys who start at home they want to and stretch as they make their wish.
Because they get long from my hammer from my hammer.
Big one daddy stick it in my hand I gave you a hammer that all began.
We had the biggest one that I ever did see it fell to the floor when you tried to see.
When you unzip I can't help but want but it's so big that you just had to flog it.
You wet my whistle with that big thing baby.
That way got my throat and head to your eyes be crazy.
Now I think about you that makes me sad you went away and never came back.
I gave you a hammer and you went back home.
A college constant was the size of your bones.
I felt even love when you gave me a beat.
Now I am a little bit like Alex.
What I am going to do is you are fixed.
It really doesn't matter the size of your stick.
New kids on the block really have small balls.
I mean to have no.
I am just a fly from the guy's that five for a hammer for a hammer.
It's 1053 at 560 WQM.
Here is a faction David who says the only person who actually did a good job yesterday was Michael Williams on Channel 6.
Nice going Mike.
Oh!
How about Joe Ross says about you?
He continually pointed out that there was only a very small group of protesters.
The protesters were clearly playing the camera.
He would not say anything about them reflecting the Cuban community because they were only a small part of it.
Your friend Kelly Craig snapped at one of the protest leaders in the studio yesterday about them inconveniencing everybody who had nothing to do with Aliah.
Nice going there Kelly and lose some whites with her.
And Jackie, Jay, Jackie Nesbro, your right is in the Rick Sanchez category when it comes to mindless crap.
Yeah Jackie, you're in this race.
Okay, just keep your trap shut.
You stupid bitch.
God are they bad.
And you know what's really interesting?
Channel 4 was taken a pool all day yesterday.
They sent Aliah back to his daddy.
You support the INF decision.
It was 65-35 at one point and then after the 2000 call it was like 62% said yes.
We support the decision.
Send him back.
And only 38% said no, which is pretty overwhelming.
Lobs cited.
But Channel 7 on the other hand, I guess all the hysterical Julios must have been called to Channel 7 number.
50 million times.
Because they did their survey last night.
Do you support the protesters and 52% said yes and 48% said no on Channel 7.
So depending on which channel you were watching, Channel 7 was the only one that had the public allegedly supporting the protesters.
How could you support it?
How could you possibly support people who are doing civil disobedience go out there blocking off the streets?
Scrooing with other people's lives.
And let me say it again.
The people who you were inconveniencing yesterday, the truckers trying to get their stuff to the port of Miami for example.
And the other people that they showed on TV trying to get their ass back to work in the middle of the afternoon.
They have nothing to do with Aliah.
They don't work for the INS.
They don't know from Janet Reno or President Clinton or any of these other people.
No.
They had nothing to do with that.
And in the meantime, you keep pissing them off and inconveniencing them.
And so that's going to accomplish something.
Will it accomplish something?
Yeah, it will piss everybody off even more.
And create more hatred and agitation.
And by doing what you did yesterday, Channel 4, 6, 7, 10, more and more, you polarize this community and you create an ugly, ugly stereotype.
I feel sorry for the decent Cuban people in this community, which is obviously, at least I don't know, decent or indecent.
But at least people that have enough common sense to keep out of this crap, which is the overwhelming majority.
Who are embarrassed and humiliated and ashamed by the swill that went on yesterday.
And it was presented on the television screens hour after hour after hour, as if this was the Cuban community or the exile community or whatever the hell they're calling it this hour.
It was the same few hundred assholes who were out there every time they're given an excuse.
I want my cigarettes, nurse ratchet.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Like crazy people, cook who's nest.
And if they don't get their way, Jose, well, they're going to just carry on like a lunatic.
They're just going to scream and jump up and shout until and by the way, his relatives, you know something I'm more convinced now than ever he ought to go back to daddy.
Because watching the behavior of his relatives, especially that one broad the cousin, she makes me want a barf.
All of a sudden these are great social experts.
You know, these are people with all these brilliant comments on the social scene in America.
Obnoxious, disgusting, disgraceful, just do it the legal way.
Find your appeal and do the best you can.
And if you win, you win, if you lose, you lose.
And the best of luck to the kid because God only knows he'll need it.
But even more important than that, the best of luck to us.
Because we already know we need it because we live here.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Neil Rogers for mayor, the TV.
The TV should be charged with inciting a riot.
Right, I agree.
And if this child was an American child, the mother who took the kid would be in jail for kidnapping.
And by the way, yeah, that's right.
Absolutely because it was without the consent of the father and the mother didn't aware of it.
And it's part of the story that they're trying to tell you.
American mothers in jail for doing that exact same thing.
But it's, it's, it's, it's, but wait, wait, wait, wait.
So let's go back to what you said in the beginning because if we go on the air and we say crap or something like that,
the FCC gets all psychotic and they're going to find us.
But the television stations can go on there and incite people to participate in civil disobedience and screw up the whole community.
And nobody even slaps him on the goddamn limperitt.
And what did Jeff Bush do?
He cuts the tolls.
Yeah.
Where's the National Guard like in the 60s when the anti-war came?
They gashed you.
They beat you to a pulp.
Where's all that?
I think it's time that he cut the crap.
Yeah, absolutely.
And have a great day.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
I'm going to get here's the facts I forgot the earlier.
It's as liberty only for alien only for Cubans of war with the rest of Miami, USA.
blame Clinton for everything.
Even though the GOP Congress made the law sending alien on back, which is correct.
It says meanwhile let's rename everything for alien, alien county, alien international airport, alien port, alien polvard, alien beach, alien high school, alien arena, alien causeway, alien keys, state, alien.
I do like that.
In fact, I am declaring this is alien Friday.
Oh.
And we're going down to the beach right now, welcome in all the illegal aliens who are coming in.
Just get that dry foot, baby, the wet foot, dry foot.
Wet back, whatever that thing is.
Are we letting the wet backs?
No.
Oh, thank God.
But anyway,
for creating a 5, 6, 8,
don't you see what I am?
My head is full of water day.
Isn't this great?
Yeah, because we got no spots because it's the beginning of the calendar year.
And this is the way it goes.
The last week or so of the year and the first week.
Don't get too excited though.
It won't last too long.
Whether it's Power 96 or QA or any of these wannabeasly stations.
Don't get too excited about the much shorter than usual commercial breaks.
It won't last too long.
Trust me.
And isn't it great to see they painted some doors out here?
Yeah.
Oh, baby.
Coming this morning and they painted some doors out here.
As the longest little construction project in the history of the human race continues.
A little bit of paint out of walls out there.
It smells good too.
Which I think is making us all sick.
Even the nephew came in this morning holding his lower right where I had my bad.
I find out that this has been the bacterial infection.
But I've had now for three weeks and feel a lot better because of good strong antibiotics.
Which I'm knocking it out and the infection too.
Thanks, Dr. Diamond.
You're okay in my books, sweetheart.
Dr. Diamond, you mentioned you on the air.
Tamarack.
Great doctor.
You ought to see the clientele.
But nevertheless, here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, me.
Yes, ma'am.
I thoroughly agreed with what you said.
I can barely hear you.
I said, I agree with what you said.
What went on in this town yesterday was a disgrace.
And all of these television stations that was giving free advertisement and pumping up this disgrace.
They're just unbelievable.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
And of course, you see the problem is here that when you deal with them and not believe when you have network affiliates and you only have one.
And when they do everything in their power, even if you have a satellite dish to prevent you from watching other network affiliates from like real living and breathing.
And when you're watching other network affiliates, you're stuck with it.
You know, if you want to watch a network of affiliate, what you got is here.
Of course.
And all of these politicians that have to get their mugs on television and speaking out.
I hope people remember who they are and when they run for election vote against them.
Because they are a national disgrace.
And as far as mayor panelists, he might have been on English speaking radio and television saying not to demonstrate, not to go in the streets.
Not to do whatever he said.
But on Cuban radio, he was on there saying, I'm a Cuban first and I'm for keeping Ily on here.
So he's just a two-faced little...
Weasel.
Brad.
He looks at having weasel.
He is. He looks like he needs to have...
He's been dangerous.
He looks like he needs to have his diapers changed.
But this...
Well, that's why he keeps the one minute yet in the mirror steer.
How many of them at all times?
He never walks alone.
He's always got one on each arm to make sure in case he had those little accident in the diapers.
Absolutely.
And all of these same people that you see out there like that skunk lady, the one with the whiteener hair, that Iryondo woman.
Here we on the skunk loss...
Yeah.
That's a should remind you of the skunk with that hairdo.
Yes. And smells like it too.
Okay, listen, have a great day.
We're going to do it.
Bye.
Oh my God.
Okay, let's see.
Here's a guy who works for a wholesale plumbing supply company in middly.
One of our local supply houses at...
What is it?
South of West 7th Avenue and Flagler is closed because of a large Cuban demonstration.
They were scared for themselves and their customers.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
People who are in business had to close up yesterday.
Some of them because they were terrified for themselves and for their customers.
Because the city of Miami police refused to participate in democracy.
Which means let the goddamn people who used the streets were what they were built for, driving on them.
That's what we paid our tax dollars to build a goddamn street.
Not so people could hold a goddamn party in the middle of the street pretending that they're protesting.
And don't tell me that all those punks that were out there were protesting.
They were out there having a goddamn party.
And you know what as well as I do.
Next time we have...
...Los Van Van wants to come back or somebody else who was once seen photograph with Castro
or once had a picture of Castro in their bedroom or whatever hell was...
...or somebody that sleeps on a Castro convertible.
Next time they want to come here and perform in his town.
And the same elements start to...
The same radical elements start trying to protest and prevent them from doing it.
I think at that point everybody else ought to start riding around the streets.
Liberty, Liberty, Liberty.
Because how the hell can you be screaming at when you don't know what it means when you have the respect for it?
You assholes who were out there yesterday.
And let me say it again.
This is the most important part of this whole thing, this whole exercise.
Don't be given me a goddamn instruction on liberty.
When you don't know the goddamn meaning of it.
When you have no respect for other people's opinions.
You're an effin' communist!
You're an effin' communist!
Everybody who doesn't agree, just keep this in mind.
You're an effin' communist, okay?
You got that now?
Uh-huh.
Good.
Now we can move on.
Here's Homestead. Hello?
Yes, sir.
You keep talking about the communist.
In my personal opinion, this is a communist, a terrorist, a act.
By holding us all hostage.
Here, and it is a kind of terrorism, I agree with that.
Yeah. By holding us hostage to support their cause.
You know, if I don't care to support their cause, why should they hold me hostage?
Right.
To support them.
And another thing, if the majority of the Cubans do deploy this act as the polls have shown,
then I agree with the other lady.
We should remember this at election time and get these people out of office.
They are working for us.
And they're not to support civil disobedience.
Right. Amen.
And all these people are doing is dividing our city rather than uniting our city.
Including the media. Don't forget channels 46, 67 and 10.
Keep them at the forefront in your mind.
Because if they wouldn't have played this thing up all day yesterday,
it would have been much to do about nothing.
Absolutely, sir. I couldn't agree with you more.
And have a great day.
Thank you, sir.
5, 6, 7. Don't forget.
We'll be next tomorrow, noon to 2, next to cars.
7, 111 West Flagler Street.
Just a mile east off the Flagler Street exit to Palmetto.
Sagar Rollin demonstrations.
Anheiser Bush's new products.
The Kiza and Rumba food entertainment.
The Picardi girls.
Rum samples.
Right.
And a parkridge in a pair of three.
And the best news of all is I'm watching.
Let's see. There's channel 7.
They go directly in front of the same usual crap on there.
A jury springer like show, whichever one it is.
Oh no.
Oh, that's right there in the news now.
I'm sorry. Channel 6.
No, please.
No, send for Cuba, please.
It's not a lot of president.
It's not one piece of that I am.
It's a good line and family members.
Yeah, get out here.
Oh, by the way, the dial is up underneath.
Nine points.
Oh, look at that.
The brand new and improved Tommy.
Look at him.
I had to do a triple take when I came in.
He looks good like that.
He looks human.
How do you like that?
Our very own Tommy just came in looking like a human being
for the first time since I've been working here.
Where that stupid yellow opponent, I'm sorry.
Here's, here's their field B.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've heard a lot of people call in complaining
that these protesters are all waving Cuban flags
and an American flag.
Well, I'm glad they're not waving the American flag
because there's no representation of America.
Yeah, that's a good point.
And there's radical as the government is their supporting.
So let them wave that Cuban flag and none of the Americans flag.
Absolutely correct.
Thank you, Neil.
And God bless you.
And I'll pray for us, sir.
I'm getting on my knees right now to pray for us.
By the way, speaking of that, here's the new Rolling Stone.
Thank you very much, my good close friend Bob Bishop Rick.
Can I say that on here?
Bishop Rick?
No.
No.
Bob B.
Who sends me the Rolling Stone, the one with the backstreet
boys on the cover.
Boys on top.
George is very upset about this, though.
It wasn't bad enough that's got the backstreet boys with their pants
down to their ankles.
Well, they are wearing suits, okay?
They are wearing suits.
Although I'll be honest, Kevin is very...
No, Brian has got his tie.
It looks like a tie.
His neck tie that's hanging down there between his legs.
I think that's a tie, isn't it, Brian?
Give that to the string just looking...
I've ever seen.
But nevertheless, Reader's Pull, Artist of the Year,
According to Rolling Stone.
Not some not teen beaters, some stupid Teeny Bob magazine,
but according to Rolling Stone.
1999, Rolling Stone, Reader's Pull, Artist of the Year, Band of the Year,
or the single of the year, Best Video, Best Rest, Best Hong,
Backstreet Boys.
Oh!
Huh, that's somebody told me you were in a half ago that they were dead meets.
You've gone before you know it.
Like the new year's on the block.
Don't even...
What's the point?
I mean, I realized they're not some great lasting group that will be remembered
or also like Lymphic Biscuit like that, but nevertheless.
And I heard that crap music you played yesterday.
Now, it's that Jesus he was doing such a great job of until now.
What the hell was that?
That's what's made him.
It was made him all right.
Oh, oh.
Here's Miami, hello.
Well, nobody's perfect.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I listened to you from Washington DC.
I'm blowing up my nose and I'll just go let you know that it's an embarrassment to society.
A few people, you know, getting me gridlocked and traffic.
And apart from that, going back to comments that I gentlemanly had earlier,
if you know this has been country where mothers get loose cusp here,
their children for slapping them in the behind.
Right.
This woman puts this kid in danger and brings him over here and then these Cubans...
I mean, I'm Cuban American, they're getting me wrong.
But I think it's an embarrassment coming from Washington DC.
Where I hadn't heard anything about this case of a 30 second clip.
Media here is just awful.
I just want to go back.
I mean, anywhere other than Miami.
No, I don't blame you.
That's my philosophy.
That's horrible.
And that's pretty much it.
The comment I had, I listened to you from Washington DC and actually I wish you wouldn't take any more callers.
I'm worth...
I'm worth...
I'm calling but I loved the whole month period where you didn't have any callers.
Me too.
Okay pal.
Take a lot.
Don't do it again.
Okay.
Oops.
Now there's a really good article where the hell is it?
Where the hell is it?
Oh, of course not trying to find the editorial page in the hero.
Why can't they just do it like a real newspaper?
I mean, I know that they're not, but I'll never find it.
God damn it.
Where is it?
One moment please.
Ah, crap.
Oh, I got to find this part.
All right.
It's in the op-ed pay.
Here it is.
By Joe Becker, she's director of the children's rights advocacy for human rights watch in New York City.
And she writes about the other immigrant children.
She says, Aliangat the end.
She says, Aliangansala spaces an uncertain future.
But while his fate is being determined, he's able to stay in a carrying home, communicate in his own line with an explorer's environment.
For many other children, I noticed it almost forgotten daily life is much bleaker.
She says, since he arrived here, life has been showered with attention, toys, trips to Disney World Universal Studios.
But for thousands of other children who like Aliangat arrive in the US without their parents, the reception they receive is anything but warm.
In Portland, Oregon last year, six Chinese children were held for eight months in a juvenile detention center, along with violent youthful offenders.
One of the group of 15-year-old girls was held for several weeks after being granted asylum, even though she had an uncle in New York ready to care for.
She told her reporter, I never thought I'd end up in jail like this.
How do you like that?
And she talks about the thousands of kids who arrive here without parents every year.
And nobody's marching in the streets for them.
And nobody's taken to Disney World, etc. and so on.
Leave that dad. Leave that dad. Leave that dad. Leave that.
Leave that with all your sins and bacon.
9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM head.
The KFL playoffs are here.
Fire was out of the middle. It's complete. And the touchdowns.
And Sunday, it's the dolphins and the Seattle Seahawks.
Why from the King Dome?
Bill Zipper and Jim Mandage call all the action.
Count hell to kick off. The Gizzard move.
The game starts at 405.
Oh, right by Abby.
Oh, here on your dolphin station.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Get the Hoover out the moon, man.
On level football, play a few games.
Place hold the key to the ground.
Share it. You got the bag of his arm.
And he's also smiling. It's a little bit off the ground.
Yeah. So they came to you.
I will be there.
Head hands in further with you.
You say all is well.
It'll coach you. It's all up.
The tag knee up.
Now you can play a tag.
And the ground.
Go to the referee on the ground.
The unit NFL block.
You never hear the jail cell lock.
Check out this.
Every small screen child.
There's a very criminal they did it right.
Now if you can catch the ball or run with the ball,
the rapist murder, they all right.
As long as they can feel the creature.
And set out Sunday's game.
Who cares who catch murdered off his bare bacon money?
The land is like you do the weight.
Oh.
He's the best.
Or land on ground.
Throw it down for me on the ground.
Oh.
You can get in and the front job.
You can get in and the front job.
You can get in and the front job.
You can get in and the front job.
And don't forget when it comes to that piece of thing.
You know, he was just looking.
Right. He just wanted to take a look.
I wanted to drive off the road.
When I heard the Humphrey say that the other day on Wednesday.
Maybe that's what inspired me a little bit sicker.
Just absolutely unbelievable.
Rationalizing, condoning, washing away.
Oh, what that's all over.
That's not all over.
Maybe in about 15 years it might be over for Lucky.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
This is Lewis.
I'm a police officer for Metro Data.
Thank you for the words to kind of work to.
Congratulations, over here.
You guys did a great job.
I admire you, Neil, because the fact that you stick the truth
all the time, that's what makes you the different from all the other news people.
May I say something with all the respect to you?
The only thing that I did not agree is when you used to work spics.
And then you used plaques.
I know you walked the walk and you talked about it.
Well, just remember, spics and spoons may break my bones, but I know.
I know.
There were, yeah, no, but I mean, you started refreshing upon the Cuban community.
I've been here 41 years.
I'm used to all about 22 of those in the police department.
And I'm going to get an embedder and to make it shorter to the point because I know you're busy.
You're supposed to put it.
It is ridiculous to stupid, but you know what's fault that is?
Our loss, the police department, actually, which did not allow that to happen.
If you want to demonstrate it, do it on the sidewalk, like you said,
right, not in the middle of the street.
And we condone it.
We allow it to happen.
And it's like a baby with a tantrum, like you said.
There's a lot of kids.
And the kids are already in the United States.
And a lot of more important things that we've got to worry about.
You know, almost money we spent in the police force that we had to actually bring out extra police officers.
And all the fuel burning on the helicopter and everything else, that's really stupid.
That was a lot of time.
I just wanted to give you my opinion.
And it's just that I believe that it's inside everyone.
It's just a whole bunch of stupid kids.
Just a few hundred people.
That's all I want.
A few hundred people.
But I appreciate the kind of words you had for the Midrida Police Department and then get a wish.
Okay, keep it up.
Bye-bye.
So we're going to have to add that stuff.
73, the Dow is up 150.
There you go.
Mochot, the narrow for everybody.
Let's hand out 100 dollar bills on the street corners.
What do you say?
That's what the want of beesleaves are going to be doing.
Aren't they?
No.
Here's Clarence Daytona Beech who says,
I'm so disheartened by the actions of the militant Cuban's Ray Ilyon.
And by the way, his name is not Ilyon.
There's something about some of you going on the media here.
It's not bad enough you performed miserably yesterday.
But his name is not Ilyon.
There is no I at the beginning of that.
There is no way you could pronounce in esponial or any other language.
His name is not Ilyon.
That's like people from the Midwest who pronounce M-I-L-K-M-L-K.
Okay.
There is no E in the word milk.
No, no, no.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
You heard it.
There is a...
Oh.
And of course they were milking if we're all there could get out of it yesterday.
Believe me.
Aren't they?
Uh-huh.
It says, I thought the Cubans were intelligent and had understood the value and concept of freedom,
democracy and capitalism.
There is no way that island will ever be free, castor or not until they do grasp these issues.
Another blow for world democracy is this clear in Daytona Beech.
Well, fair enough you're quite so bad because like we just said, there were a few hundred people.
A few hundred.
And the same few hundred I'm sure.
They're professional agitators.
They're like the Jesse Jackson's in South Florida.
Every time there's a cross-selep, you can count on them to be out there.
I'm doing their thing.
I'm command.
I'm command.
And are you little punks out there by the way?
Go crack a goddamn book or something.
Or go get laid or do something constructive and stop wasting time out there in the street
act like a bunch of jerk offs.
Okay.
You idiots.
You little punks.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing today?
Great.
Police officer in the city of Hailea just to give you a little info.
They've told us yesterday which I was working in today.
If the palmetto gets blocked, do not go in it.
Do not assist unless that HP Florida Highway Patrol calls for emergency backup.
Do not assist them.
And as for protesters, do not arrest them.
Even if they go out traffic, reroute traffic.
Do not arrest them at all.
That is the mentality of our government.
Really?
Just to give you that.
Do not arrest them unless you're totally provoked and have no choice.
And if that happens, you notify the ship commander.
Well how come there was so little going on last night in Hailea?
Well, most of the protesters from the city of Miami.
But last night was cockfighting night in Hailea.
I forgot that.
That's probably.
But most of them are in the city of Miami today.
They expect it to get worse.
They're calling people in and over time.
But the bottom line is do not arrest them.
That's the city of Hailea mentality.
And probably a lot of other small things.
They expect it to get worse today.
They expect it to get a lot worse today because it's Friday.
People don't have anything to do.
Last night people had to work this morning.
And what about over the weekend?
Not really because these people are going to block traffic.
They know that people don't work on weekends.
Good point.
That's right.
So they can't inconvenience so many people on the weekend.
That is the whole point.
It's a convenience people.
And you know, they have people pissed off.
But today it's going to be probably do worse today,
except maybe next Friday they do send them back.
Okay.
Just to let you know in the end.
Thanks, amigo.
Take care, my friends.
Bye-bye.
11-18 at 560 WQM 567-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I got two opinions for you.
I'm the one hand.
I really don't want to be fucking traffic having to pay the price
for that Libertad or Libertadler.
But on the other hand, when I compare that, you know,
yesterday's demonstrations to some of that other homegrown variety,
such as what we saw at the World Trade Conference on the other coast,
which by the way included pacifists and all these homegrown people.
And in comparison, I do have to plot the Cubans for their civility.
In comparison.
I mean, there was millions of dollars in damage over the last few years.
That's right.
That's a good point.
But the fact is, it doesn't make it any more palatable to the people
that were trying to get from point A to point B yesterday and use the roads
for the purpose that we are designed to drive on, you know.
So just to point out that there are people who are more militant
and more obnoxious and less respectful for property and the law,
doesn't make condone what happened here yesterday.
Okay, I totally agree with that.
I'll be in that boat.
Okay.
Have a good day, Neil.
Don't get out of the boat if you're smart.
I sure will.
It's got to leak in it.
Oh, my God.
It's the Titanic.
Look at that.
It's Leo over there.
Now you don't have to worry about him.
He floats five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
Oh, sure.
There we have.
We can take back to the riots in Liberty City.
We've had far worse things happen yesterday,
which is another reason, by the way,
to keep focusing on the TV people and thank the Lord.
Thank goodness somebody must have gotten to him today.
Either that or there's not a goddamn thing going on.
One of the other.
Channel six is doing our usual mediocre 11 to noon news.
East South East at 10 to 15 knots.
Yeah.
Channel seven has still got Latifa on there.
Latifa going.
With one of those 87,000 jury springer like shows.
And here's, here we go, Channel four an hour talking.
Not like I said.
Yeah, so life is worth living.
And we got regular shows on there now.
Okay.
Goddamn it.
And for a small fee, I'll be glad to tell you what happened on.
Counting like yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
What do I want to miss that?
Thank God for 85 satellite dishes.
It's all I can say.
Here's West Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah, new.
Yes, sir.
Long time listener.
Second time caller.
All right.
I got a solution for the hilly end problem.
See.
Keep the lian.
It's an older Cuba that are blocking the street.
And Rick says it's back to Cuba.
And Rosanna.
That's it.
Okay.
Hey, care.
You got it.
There we go.
We'll make a little trade out.
Okay.
All the crazy people out there in the streets go.
Oh, and then I have to laugh.
Did you see the guy with a freaky hat?
The one that was doing this hunger strike and he had the handcuffs on?
No.
You didn't see him?
No.
Get a straw hat.
He looked like some kind of a scumbag from the bottom of a ship somewhere.
A barnacle.
Barnacle less pin.
And he's hockin' a china.
Well, if Ellie goes back, he's going back too.
Hey, we'll pack you a medianote, pal.
Okay.
He will need it.
You want a bet?
Oh, no.
That's right.
He's on hunger strike.
Well, for a few hours.
He was doing a hunger strike like I do the Edkins.
A few hours at a time.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what I was thinking as I watched it.
Always on hunger strike for a couple of hours to lunch gets here.
Who are you kidding, pal?
Okay.
By the way, you know they have these amazing things called bathtubs and showers.
Wow.
You'd be shocked at what I could do for you.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's up?
Well, time was the first time called.
All right.
Listen, I've been down here for nine years.
I'm so excited.
Very wonderful Cuban woman.
Her family has been down here for 35 years.
And they are absolutely disgusted by this.
Yes.
They don't agree with the kid being here.
The kid's father's in Cuba.
Right.
The kid go back to his father.
No matter what the situation is there, the kid did not know how poor or how bad off he was.
Until these idiots decided, let's 24-7 him on the TV and let's take him to Disney and show him all the accesses,
which is what they call it over there, the accesses that we have here.
I mean, let's show him how wonderful America is.
And now let's send him back.
What is Disney World?
What is taking him to Disney World have to do with America?
I don't understand that.
But this is...
Why don't they take him to Columbine High and show him where all the gunshots were on the walls?
Right.
Show him...
I mean, they're going to show him everything that's perfect in the United States.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, they're going to call him.
Well, thank God we don't propaganda like that Dan Cami, Bastion Fidelin.
You know, thank God we don't propaganda.
We try to brainwash.
Thank goodness for that.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
Here's a thanks, which I think you're...
I'm not going to read it because it looks like a phony writing demand.
Chronic.
Although it does say Jew-backed at the bottom when Grand Maticorn.
Thank you.
Oh, here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Great show.
You demand.
I demand.
All right.
I'm a boss plate.
I got swept up by traffic on A Street.
And I had a guy next to me waving a Q-M flag.
How did his kids in the car...
Okay, so I guess that's the mentality of what's going on.
Let's bring the kids.
Let's get arrested.
Let's show them what we do for them.
And by the way, if they're so worried about the six-year-old boy,
A Leon, how come they're not worried about their own little kids like us before?
That they're sitting in the middle of the streets blocking the street with their little kids four and five and six-year-old kids sitting on the street with them on a street where there's traffic?
Absolutely.
So then I ask the guy, I said, listen, why are you here?
I'm doing.
I'm doing.
Well, what's your point?
Why are you here?
He didn't know.
And the kids didn't know.
Yeah.
So bring him out.
Get them arrested too.
It's unbelievable.
Now, if there's no worry about what's going on and what's going to happen to LA on in Cuba,
and I'll need to go back over there, five of their country get it free so we don't have to wipe their butt again.
Well, at least they can keep him safe over there.
They can make sure nothing bad happens.
Absolutely.
Get it there, Neil.
Love it 25 at 560, WQAM 560, 70560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless lights.
Here's some fat bitch on the channel 7.
Got her problems there.
Like what you're doing, but I love you.
Thank you, Neil.
Yeah, some fat disgusting trailer park trash with some light complex parts around here with another one of these 85,000 Jerry Springer look alike shows.
And you wonder why the mind of the American housewives turned to Jello.
Yeah, one of the smartest thing that they have to say is.
I should tell you a lot between Oprah and this crap.
I mean, what does that leave?
Not too much.
26 after 11 at 560, WQAM.
Steve O's Tony sports showdown are you up to the challenge?
No, Saturday morning today only on sports radio 560 Q.A.
It's Friday, you bastard.
They say that man he despises me.
Oh, they're leaving talk about him hating me.
I admit that's something I don't want to hear.
What's that just talking to you prove it here?
Oh, it's true.
Believe me.
I just can't say in him.
I'm taking a lot of bend away from him.
Forget about all the mess up with way he really thought.
I need to find out if this way is no worse.
So I need to know.
I need to know.
No.
Just really keep marching really.
Take my music.
No, I need to know.
I need to know.
Just really keep marching really.
Take my music.
By the way, the other market.
Exactly and Ricky Martin.
He can't think for sure.
Exactly.
Mayor Peking, what's his name?
He can't think for sure.
28 past 11 at 560 WQAM.
I just want to play that.
He can't think for sure.
All day.
I just love that.
Just like the way she says it.
Like she means it.
Here's the mobile informer.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What we are on the other coast, we don't get quite inundated with it as much as you do, I guess.
How are you missing all the fun, man?
I would give kudos to ABC News yesterday I was watching it.
And a very last, very last clip.
I'd like to give a, a ride to Evergrove, a red sports agility truck.
And it showed them just running right through all those idiots standing in middle of the street.
Well, I had somewhere to go.
You know, they were on the road and they figured they got to get somewhere.
And if you're not going to get on the way, you're too bad.
I thought it was great.
It was helicopter footage and the guy was, they were just standing there and he just gunned it.
And he took a couple of them on the hood for a little ride.
Oh, wow.
They enjoyed it.
I like to defend that guy some roses.
Okay, pal.
I would give it to you.
See those Yahoo's over there for Myers.
They like that.
In fact, we might get some of those people might come over here next time.
You know what?
Some of those truck drivers from over those pickup truck driving guys from four Myers with bad brakes.
1-800.
What is it? 1-877-785-6345?
Any out of town line?
877-785-6345.
Like I said, may not be a very desirable thing.
Or pretty embarrassed that it's happening here for the 8-minute time in our town.
But it sure is better than...
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah.
That's right.
So thank you very much, by the way, for giving us a little relief from all of that, Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy.
Thank you, God bless you.
Just don't do it again.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's your buddy from the hockey games.
Which one is that?
Your buddy Mitch.
5-6705-60, 05-560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile Coral Springs.
What does this say?
Coral in Springs.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
And Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Okay.
I got a couple of statements.
What is about those channels that are doing this news about early on?
You mean 4-677-1023-51?
You mean those?
Right.
I just got one statement to make sporting events.
When people go to these sporting events and they run onto the field, they are not permitted to show them.
Right.
They are afraid that it might happen to people to go ahead and do it.
So why is it that these channels are showing this just to influence other people?
The height of irresponsibility.
If there's anybody who thinks that our local TV people have the slightest degree of responsibility, they're dreaming.
They're in La La Land.
And one other point is, a villain is thinking that Miami is so great.
Don't visit the Miami Delfin's team.
They're all going to see their lifestyles.
They'll be out on the first plane.
All right.
Thanks.
Have a great day, pal.
Or maybe Cecil could give a little guided tour, huh?
Yeah.
He's only six years old, but maybe Cecil will show him where all the openings are in town.
He'll open some doors, horse and windows for him, as the case may be.
He just was looking.
He just wanted to take a little look.
That's what somebody said on the station the other day.
He was thinking of a real ice and I have to go to the doctor yesterday.
Oh, Jesus Christ, Hank.
Come on.
There's this ward.
If you look up under CR in the dictionary, CRED and under credibility, there's that ward in there.
Take a look at it and see what the definition is.
I think one of the things that list under credibility is not sticking up for scumbags.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Listen, my problem with the whole situation was actually one of my problems.
Yes.
The TV station just today.
I just get the feeling that they don't want to cover the news.
They want to make the news.
Right.
They don't want to fix it.
That's correct.
And it bothers me that they stand out.
They're waiting for something to happen.
Waiting for something to happen.
That's another good thing is a good point you make is that they don't want to miss out.
In case some grotesque barbaric thing happens here.
Right.
They've got to be the raw birds out.
In case there's a shooting or something.
They don't want to miss it.
Exactly.
I mean, it was kind of similar with the whole millennium thing.
They wanted things to kind of go berserk so that they could have something to cover.
I mean, I understand them covering it, but today it's meant to which they did it was kind of like.
And it was exactly the same thing yesterday.
And I'm just too disappointed.
So thanks for picking my call.
Thanks for the memories.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Thanks for making your call.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Line 9 is open, as always.
Well, listen, we got those four Myers people over there just getting ready to make them plans.
8777856345.
877, by the way, the Panthers ever going to play again?
No.
Okay, I just ask.
They lost 4-2 by the way in the West Coast.
They're LA last night, unfortunately.
Can't win them all.
Lost to a girl's team, the Kings.
Did I see that game?
Did I stay up to watch that?
No.
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
You know, I support the Cuban protesting.
And I was there protesting.
And I want that kid to stay here in Miami.
There's no five in the church.
Oh, is that who that is?
That's true.
That's me.
Oh, this is that.
There's a five in the air.
Go blow your horn or your boyfriend or something like that.
Get out of here.
Get out of my push.
There's this guy.
Sure.
He needs help.
He's another one of those guys that walks around going in the streets.
Gotta see the schmutz on that envelope.
He sent us whatever he had.
I was a some kind of a, oh, man.
You turned.
I think that's what it was.
I think it was a sample of specimen.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Good morning.
Good evening.
First of all, I want you to know that I'm an Anglo.
I'm not Cuban.
Yeah.
First, secondly, Neil.
I can understand how a lot of these people think.
And I understand you got a radio station.
And it's easy to be on your side in this case down here.
And I gotta tell you, you're very successful.
You've been, I've been looking at you for years.
Yes.
I can imagine it one day, one day, the president's country.
He picked you up through you out, left your mother here.
And made you your brothers or your sisters.
And took every asset you've ever worked for your whole life.
And sent you to a country you couldn't speak the language.
You would be a little.
I didn't.
Wait a minute.
I didn't realize, Ali, I'm worked.
What kind of job did he do in Cuba?
Well, all right.
You could ask what assets did he have?
But my point is, if I could understand how a lot of these people feel this way.
And the fact is, the fact is that.
First of all, sir, none of the people that you're talking about.
Got kicked out of anywhere.
They all came here willingly.
Nobody got kicked out of Cuba.
They all came here willingly.
Well, I'll fled.
All right.
Let me ask you a question.
Would that sail between their legs?
You're saying that.
Any United States won't let them go back to part of the take-out of their country.
You understand that they were fixed with them to do this.
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you this.
Do you think that individual citizens ought to conduct foreign policies?
Is that the way the governments of the world operate?
Well, let me say, let me say that to you.
I found out that when you protest in this country,
and you don't create chaos, nobody listens.
The politicians can get left.
I asked for that.
So in other words, what you're saying with that sock over your phone
or whatever you're doing, it sounds like you got a tin can over your phone.
Whatever it is you're trying to say is that you believe that people ought to go out and block traffic.
Well, the Boston Peaparty, I'm just running.
Yeah, well, go, go.
The Boston Peaparty, that's what you're talking about.
Bouncecourt, Squirt.
Boston Peaparty.
This is a Jimmy Carter Jr.
Probably wants Pete on the back of a building.
I'm on the back of the John Hancock tower.
Maybe he was under a fan who will hallpeeing in the goddamn back.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless lock.
God Almighty, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Like you said about these callers.
Here's the Pembroke Pine, tell him.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I got his whole blooded American.
My mom is a full blooded Cuban.
Well, okay, great.
He said he all day yesterday. I had heard this Schmidt on TV. See his family. I guess takes a lot of blood piss
They're full blood of this and full blood of that. See you people don't listen about I'm telling you because you've been brainwashed
And it believing that it makes a difference. Nobody gives a crap. Nobody with a brain cares a lot of stupid people care
And that's the problem. Oh
Yeah, I'm 18th generation the Irish American. I'm 48th generation who gives a fly a crap
Okay, that in 14 bucks will buy a goddamn salami sandwich at the Macarena and maybe a soda
Give me a frickin break. I'm nice. I'm mad. I'm a Cuban man. I'm a Jew. I'm a yeah great. We'll pack you some hollava
Pack you some fudge
Here's hi, Alia. Hello
No, look at that. Look at that. He brought the tone back perfect. My the cone brought the tone back to seven. That was beautiful
Oh, God that was lovely. Let's see if he's still on there
What is it?
Hello, oh, oh
And he's still on there. He's holding it. Okay, that's the the tone man
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey, listen talk about the popcorn to cuddle up out exactly
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello
Mobile in West Palm with their radio turned up for something
Hello, oh, yeah, sir
Turn that radio officer turn the radio off and speak to me on a little thing called the phone. All right. How you doing now great
Okay, let me say something now. I'm Cuban
And I don't agree with people being in the street or blogging the traffic, but
But let me tell you the point that most people are missing here. Yes
From I see my fisherman he put on with a die
He saw his motor die. He stepped farther. Yeah, and what are people on the boat?
Now the whole world watched this
For now
Who is the one who was the big brain?
Who is the one who came up rising?
Sir, I'm not sure. I'm not going to debate with you. You feel like I said at the beginning of the show
I want to can I finish my sentence? I guess no. Oh, I'm sorry
No, and I will finish it without you on a line
You can make a great case for him staying here
And you can make a very emotional case and that's fine
You can debate that all you want, but the fact is it's not has nothing to do with our lives
And has nothing to do with the price of rice and the INS made the decision whether you like it or you don't like it
And it has nothing to do with people going on to God damn streets
That's what we're talking about
Is people continuing to disrupt this community and not giving a damn about anybody else so long as they will want to get their way
And the fact is there are times when they're not going to get their way
I hate to break the news to you. Okay, but there are going to be times when you're not going to get your way
Because that's the way it is that has to do with liberty
It has to do with other people's liberty
Including driving on a goddamn highways which they pay tax money to build and maintain
So don't be huckin' to try to talk about liberty when you don't give a crap and don't respect other people's liberty
The most typical pile of horse manure of vultimate I have ever seen in my life was that leave my die leave my die
And I'll guarantee if you were to check the video tapes
You'd find that a lot of these same assholes that were out there yesterday were the same ones protesting
At the night center where ever the hell it was when those band band was there a band band and pebbles were trying to do their god damn concert
In every other time we have one of these deals where somebody who wants to you know do a map of the
country of Cuba on with a crayon that's right
Same old tired hysteria
And I got news for I'm not speaking for myself. I know I'm speaking for the majority of sane people in this town
We're sick and tired of it
Long before there was any alien controversy. We were already sick and tired of it real sick and tired
Like after all a crap on the macArthur Causeway when people could have died because ambulances in the emergency vehicles couldn't get through
Because a bunch of assholes were sitting there like children banging their spoons on the table
I want my cigarettes and there's ratchet
And when you jeopardize other people's safety and lives at that point somebody rational has to step in like Metro
Day did yesterday and let me commend them again nice job
Unlike the city of my any last night who decided for whatever reason that Flagler street was a playground and out again
The industry were automobiles and trucks were supposed to be
20 till 12 at 560 WDQM sports radio 560
Q
And only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
Hello, I'm Charlton Hester
Here to remind you that the founding fathers would have owned semi-automatic weapons if they existed back then
While some right wing fanatics want to take away your god-given right to buy these family friendly weapons at your neighborhood gun show
You now have nothing to worry about
Because my friends at the Yenna Ray are proud to introduce gun show to go
The easy way to run a gun show and wear at the office the beach even in church
We provide you with a small cache a fun registered guns pony I fuse am the mission up to
Everything you need to arm a small emerging nation or militia and the most important thing
We even include a copy of the US Constitution
Now you can hold your own gun show for family and friends without any pesky waiting periods or background checks
Has there ever been an easier and more efficient way to exercise your constitutional rights
Remember the name gun show to go ask read by men at any fine store anywhere and don't forget guns don't kill people
People today people and certain green is people
But you don't understand
So you're green is people
people
It's 1144-560 WPM. We got Hank at two. We got the Jimmy. We could be shot at shot special
Johnson show if I would Hank we got the book book a book shop. You're six and we got Orlando
El Segiri for head capitol in ten o'clock tonight
Here's bill from homestead faxing us. It's his Hank tester from channel six to just reported the protesters will drive to Miami International Airport and block the arrivals and departure lanes on Monday
How do you like that?
You think they're gonna let them do that? No because that's not in the city of Miami
That's metro and you think that they're gonna let them do that? No, you bet you're sweet as they're not
They'll be hauling them off by the wagon load
See this is the kind of crap and people condoning this stuff what what is that gonna accomplish?
Is that gonna change anything? No, is that gonna change the Clinton administration policy? No
Is that gonna change the law? No
Just gonna piss off a lot of people and it can mean so a lot of people and continue and of course you know the media if this does happen
We'll be there covering it with a goddamn blanket
They'll be all over it like stink on Schmidt
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami
Okay, have a nice life. Here's another mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir. How you doing? Yeah, I just feel very bad because I hear everybody saying that they had a bad time because the traffic
Why had a burger ticket? It was in front of my house and
My beer you know, I made a night out of it
Good glad to hear it probably got laid with himself five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am yeah
Hi, you know, they have Anna in 58 in Miami-Dade County today are like one and the same. No, they're not equally corrupted equally
Fascist. No, they didn't have as much graft as we have you know
They're the unpew of Americans today aren't told about you know
What it was like in 58 with the police brutality under Batista?
The corruption in the mom you know on Wednesday
I asked the one guy said that they have democracy before our cast role and he said yes
And I said you better go back to history class and learn something read a book. Yeah
You know they had corruption and mafia control casinos and the rampant prostitution
Backers in the streets, you know, yeah, and the old Cubans are paid to go and protest at these rallies
They also get paid you know to obtain about 50 million dollars in Medicare prescriptions that can send them okay
Great thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound
Five sixty hundred eighty and the wireless freaking line. Oh God
Day after day month after month and of course we got those brilliant people to talk about Miami being a world class city
And you wonder why laugh every time I hear that world class city
Yeah, maybe maybe ten world class city
Here's mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Well, I'm a small business owner first time long time
And I called the governor's office explaining what was going on down here. I got to
Sort of an orderly it was
Involved with the situation they said the governor is taking care of
Some on it. Yeah, he's got the time. Yeah
Um, I told him that I was really tired of I had to close my business yesterday and today
And at that let's revenue for the state
And I'm tired of having local politics dictated by a third world communist banana republic
and
Essentially said well
That's nice. Thank you by and hung up and at the local authorities will be taking care of things and I say well
There's the local talk radio has shown that the local authorities has been given orders not to do anything about it
And I had no comment
Well, that is true. Don't why would you say that Metro has done a real good job?
Metro has done a great job. Yeah, so I did just for the officer that called from highly and all with the orders and such that there
Well, I mean that that's one guy saying that we first of all we don't know if it's an officer
Secondly, we don't know if that was true if he just made it up and uh and they didn't have any problem in highly
They had ten guys standing on a curb last night
That's true
Okay, and have a great day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Neil yes, sir, you kind of glazed over it just a second ago what I was calling about they keep calling themselves the Cuban exile community
They were never exiled they're refugees. Uh-huh. They left of their own refugees get a wretch your refuge
You know they left of their own for issue for whatever reason, you know many people leave their own country
But they're refugees, but to them it's like a stigma that they don't want to be called back
Yeah, well if the media would stop using that expression then they wouldn't be called that
How many years they have to be somewhere before you stop even if they were exiled how many years later did you stop being an exile?
You know what I'm saying, sir and have a great day. I guess I kind of left them a puzzler
He was kind of saying
Yeah, how many centuries they have to be somewhere before you stop being an exile just like those poor Jews that were exiled from Egypt
Even though they were never there in their first place
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello
Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. This would be a short one if you'll find the expression. Okay. I can relate to it
Yes, uh, I'm not impressed with what they're doing now just annoyed
But what wouldn't press me would be a mass suicide about okay great five six seven oh five sixty pump by in this guy says he'll be first
Okay Russian Relight no empty chamber
Out of town line is open eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three
45 here's a mobile in Davie hello
Hey, Neil how you doing? Okay, good listen. I listen to Georgia show yesterday. I tried to call a couple times
He was pretty swamped with calls
I've called he gets all the intellectual colors all you know something when I was driving to the doctor and coming back
He did a real good job, but I didn't hear any of those intellectual colors that any Mosses the Georgia was good
They sounded like the same colors I get
Well, I've listened to you probably for 10 years since you know down here
And I call you rarely only when I take exception to not to your conversations because I listen to you good better otherwise
I always make sense right but what happens in the town and I want to I want to get up on the soap boxes
The right I use I all right
And George and I have spoken in the passing we don't agree on this Cuban thing at all first of all you hit something right on the head
Three generations of Cubans ago were exiles these guys
By any they are as American as I am I was born and raised native Miami and in sort these people
So you know what God give it a rest yeah your gringo
But but again you got to understand we're talking about the way even even forgetting about the demonstrations
Even what is usually referred to as the exile community are the old hardline right wing
Don't want to let it go hysterical
Bapapapa to hell with the del and and those people are like dying out
They're just aren't that many of left and the proof in the pudding is look at the demonstrations
You had a bunch of young punks out there like you'll get with any demonstration because it's party time
But other than that you had a bunch of old banana boat people that's all 899 120 years old
That's that's my point the young guys the young kids don't belong either they're they're torn just because of the
the
The Cubans the young Cubans aren't Miami say they want they don't want to lose their heritage
That's the biggest problem between anglos and Cubans in this community
If they don't want to acclimate and they don't want to become
Normalized into society. I think that's the biggest thing that separates Cubans from the rest of this community is foreskin
Well that you may know about that. I don't know. I know a lot about it sir. I could draw your diaphragm
But I'm serious though. I think that is that's one the big you can you can hear of you'll they'll come in a restaurant a Cuban family
They speak Spanish they come in
Oh, I just sir. Yeah, I understand what you say. I don't want to be rude to you, but I'm hanging up anyway
I mean if we got to revisit all of these things. I mean I just oh
My stomach problem is gonna come back and I'm feeling pretty good right now if we have to revisit all of these things
Jesus man. I'm gonna start up chucking
They won't do this and they won't do that and blah blah blah blah no speaking English and don't be getting bonding oh
Stop already, okay?
stop
Just step back into time five or ten minutes of pretend we didn't have the conversation. We'll all feel a lot better including me. Okay, so you understand. Oh, thank you
Oh
God
We're Sandy Peyton when we need her okay that lovely lady we're Sandy Peyton when we need her to talk about bilingualism have a nice day. Yeah, thanks bitch
Same old tired come on. Let's move on. Let's move on okay
Because I'll tell you one thing that most of these Cuban people want they want to get laid. That's what they want
That's what they want real badly just like all you Polish people and Russian people and Guayam and Jewish people and the Chinese people
How do you think the Chinese made a billion babies without getting laid a lot?
Oh, and I really do wonder how does the Chinese could reproduce which is a tiny team it goes to show you all you guys out there with a small penis
Don't feel like inferior. Don't feel too bad about it because if it works with the Chinese it can work for you. It's got score
Exactly
Oh, that guy just sent me back. I think I'm having a relapse. I better take a pill
Seriously look at these these are great antibiotics for my uh, huh? I don't know what they are. It's like FLY
MOT-ZI-AX-PQ
Something fly me to the moon. It's fly me to the moon. Yeah
Fly me to the Kakamoon
Okay, let's pretend we didn't hear him or have it a pretty good time here today
Everybody feels pretty good about it
We know it's the assholes on TV and a bunch of idiots out there in the streets who have no respect for anybody else's
Liberatod with onions are bacon
I do like liver. I'm bad for you though. Here's a mobile in Pemberg pine. Hello. Hey, they all how you doing great?
I know the conversations getting old and I know you don't want to hear it anymore
But I'll listen to whatever you got pal except except the guy that was just done trying to rehash all the old
I mean that I just can't handle that. All right
It's fine. It's fine. It's fine. Buggling to me how a woman in an adventurer could be murdered and they catch the murderer and her
News gets on a 20-head for 11 last night. Wait wait wait a minute
We had a kid that got decapitated a 12-year-old boy stuck his head on the school bus got decapitated died
We had a kid who choked on a hot dog in the lunchroom and died 11-year-old boy
And the woman's body that they found in the Ventura the waitress and all of these other things going on
And all that the local news had 99% on yesterday was a big major event that nothing really happened
I
Same old tired crap you people a channel 4 6 7 and 10 you suck but anyway go ahead sir
But how do you really feel? Exactly. Let me say again. They suck. They suck a big one
That's it's just it's just mind boggling to me and that's why so many people are calling on the same issues because everyone's so passionate
The best one of the whole show on news yesterday was when the guy in the little red Honda almost ran somebody down
What do you know the metal what do you mean almost
Well, unfortunately they got back up he knocked to uh he knocked to people right up their goddamn feet
Yeah, but they got back up well there you go. Okay. Have a great day sir
Yeah, I'm turning the smell of your aroma from the end of that caller. Well, you know, he didn't really mean did he really mean it?
Yeah, I think it is five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line that toll-free worldwide line for you to speak your thing for your opportunity to take advantage of the great
Libertad
Freedom of speech which means as long as you say something that we like you can say it otherwise to you
877 785 6345
You're an epic communist you're a communist
The visions of that lunatic just uh oh
I'll never forget it as long as I live hysterical his eyes bulging out of his sockets
You know
Four minutes till noon is five sixty wqa am a session but Neil Roger show sports radio five sixties
Q
I don't get through
I
When I did I knew was crypto
But that he doesn't do
If you play for the fish
Against my girlfriend for Robert tell me
That's another bitch when someone else is wild
Oh
Was
Us
You
that's good.
It is probably people failing to know.
Okay, 12-minute passes.
I'm a little hand in watch out where you're putting your hand.
12-minute at 560 WQM.
Here's a fact that says,
I couldn't give a crap less about these out of control professional spurs,
but I do have one complaint regarding our right-wing Nazi governors.
Wonderful decision to lift the tools on the turnpike yesterday afternoon.
They didn't turn off the goddamn sun pass system.
How do you like that?
I got charged up the rectum for each tool that says on here.
And also he says,
Yes, Bush.
I'm out.
I'm out.
This guy's just off and fired up, and I don't blame him.
And by the way, Linda Robertson, who about once every six months,
like all the other writers in this town,
wants to 20-year-olds a good con.
Otherwise, she doesn't know where answering were elbow.
Rocker's words have the strong stench of hate, she says.
And there's some interesting things in here which I won't read the whole article,
but she says, you know,
what are the limits of free speech in the country that values unbridled expression above all else?
Here in the city of intolerance, protesters were free to insult Bill Clinton,
Fidel Castro, and the Immigration and Naturalization Service,
while snarling traffic in the shadow of the freedom tower,
all the name is guided effort to keep a little boy who walks his mother's diet sea
from returning to his father in Cuba,
a sad incident as mushroomed into a satir spectacle,
and turned alien Gonzalez into a political pawn.
How do you like that?
Well, Sadlinda.
And then she talks about the thing with Vinny Prasple and that frog.
I mean, that Frenchman for three is Breeze-Wah on the NHL.
What's wrong with that? He's an F and Frog, isn't he?
What's wrong with calling a frog a frog?
Is that the way that expression goes?
You can call a spade a spade.
Why can't you call a frog a frog?
Oh!
Jesus can the most virulent anti-castor exiles put aside their bitterness long enough to consider another point of view?
No!
And then she goes on about John his office rocker, there's enough, et cetera.
Yeah, intolerance is worth them.
She throws a shot at talkshows too.
Had to put that in there, didn't you, Linda?
Uh-huh.
But anyway, that's pretty interesting column.
And Bud Sealy, Bud Light, he comes up and, well, he's going to have to undergo psychiatric counseling,
and then we'll decide what to do after the smoke clears.
He's got as much of a right to be a bigot, and the best thing, just keep your mouth shut.
But this goes along with ESPN and all these other 24-hour channels that have to get sound bites,
and sports illustrating all these other stupid magazines that keep interviewing dumb jokes,
and asking for their opinions on sociological issues, you know?
Like some dumb, ironic joke, with a third-grade education is going to be a great sociologist
and have something worthwhile to say.
No!
I don't think so.
Just throw them all, baby, and shut your mouth.
With an F.
Isn't there an F in mouth?
No!
Here's a lady in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I agree.
I'm 100% on the fact that it inconveniences everyone around since they are blocking traffic.
Although I don't think everyone should come down on all Cubans in general, because...
No, nobody on this show is coming down on all Cubans.
We've been pointing out repeatedly.
It's only a few hundred assholes.
Well, I'm not getting the fence of the office.
I'm just saying it should be, well, if you say you're not, well, I don't think it should be all Cubans in general, because...
What if I just get you saying?
You say you're not being defensive, but you keep repeating over and over again the same thing.
Well, because there are some that just say all Cubans and this thing, and I don't think that's right.
You know, there are only you, or anybody, when you do, or anybody say that on this program.
I haven't heard anyone separate.
Just one call of it.
I went out of my way.
I don't know how many times, maybe 50,000 times, maybe 2 million times on a program.
We've only been on two hours today to point out.
And I also made an impassion thing about how sorry I feel that the media used this small handful of few hundred people to create this ugly stereotype.
And then a lot of people assumed that all Cubans feel this way.
Didn't I make those comments over and over again?
Yes, I did.
I realized maybe one listening from the beginning is sweetheart, but I've been very, very, very, very, very, uh, whatever the word is.
To do that over and over again.
What did you say?
I don't know.
To come over here to pick up the little boy, and they feel that that's the worst thing that could ever happen to this little boy.
To be not on the door, to be picked up by people he'd ever met.
We psychiatrists feel that that would have heard this little boy.
Yeah, right.
Psychiatrists.
Psychiatrists, the ones who are saying that he belongs with his father, all the rational psychiatrists, and saying that all this crap that's going on here is very detrimental to him.
But they got some professional hysterical Julio there on Channel 7, Hawkeye and the Chinese again.
And by the way, speaking about being picked up by people he never met before, he didn't know that he meets these other people and know that he's with these relatives here now.
No.
What a species argument.
And by the way, does he know his father?
I think so.
Who we talked to on the phone yesterday?
I think he knows daddy.
I mean, the lamest, the saddest, the most tragic excuses.
And I'll say it for the eight minutes time, you can argue.
I could make the greatest case.
The most impassioned case for that kid staying here.
I could bring tears to your eyes and make a tremendously impassioned case for freedom and libertad and all this other crap.
And the common is that all of a sudden I could do that.
But what does it mean?
What the hell does it mean?
How about all the other kids here that go through all kinds of crap?
How about the kids that can't get a textbook to take a home at night and date county?
All these people marching in the streets about this one little six year old kid.
Are they screaming about those things?
No.
About the kids that can't get a lunch in God in school.
Everything has to take their car and fly out to try to get a 15 minute lunch.
Oh.
And one that got killed.
The three.
No.
See the things that are important, nobody gets excited about.
Have you heard me say that about 25 million times before?
Yeah.
The things that really count.
But the thing, but using this kid again for the same old tired emotion and waving that stupid ugly flag.
A ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
That word, we're tired of it.
Okay.
We don't want to hear it no more for us.
Sick of it.
You're not fooling anybody with a brain.
You may be fooling some emotional psychotic people who can't do or too irrational to think clearly.
But you're not fooling anybody with a brain that's functioning.
Couldn't give a flying crap less about that kid.
And of course they put on a big act.
Oh no, it's hit.
No, it's not him.
It's strictly fiddel, strictly to hell with the del.
Who's going to win the brownie points this time?
And of course you know if the kid does go back, that's going to create an even bigger inferiority complex in the minds of these people.
That they're running around yelling Libertad.
Oh, Jimmy Larson, that one.
Just like when a baseball team came here, Cuban baseball team did the world come to an end?
No.
Did life go on?
I think so.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes sir.
Good evening.
I'm sorry to see this thing happen to Miami.
You know, this is this so reminds me of a terrorist activity.
You know, they take over a plane.
They say if you don't give us what we want, we're going to blow up the plane.
Right.
This is similar to that.
And nobody in Washington or any of the politicians around you.
Nobody's blowing anybody up here yet.
Well, it's a terrorist activity, whether they blow them up or not.
If you do what we want, what we're going to do this, that and the other.
Right.
And we're going to screw up those.
In fact, some of these people have been holding up the signs.
We built Miami.
We will destroy it.
Or Miami is burning.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
We'll look with a Cuban flag right next to it.
Right.
And the politicians in this town don't call Lincoln or Ilyana or Sanchez.
They don't call those people.
And even McCain and Jevup and...
Well, what do you expect from Good Right Wing Republicans?
They're pandering to their constituency.
What do you expect them to say?
Well, I'll tell you what.
I've changed my mind on a lot of politicians and a lot of friends of mine have also.
It feels the same way.
It's just ridiculous.
I just had to express my opinion.
Okay.
And I appreciate your program.
Thanks.
Thank you.
And of course, the interesting thing with people like Ilyana Gross and with the McCain and all these other...
They don't have to.
They don't have to do any of this because they've got those votes.
They don't have to vote so enough anyway.
Any good word?
All they've got to have is that elephant there.
We're just trunk up in here.
And they've got 90% of that Cuban vote in this town anyway.
So what difference does it make?
They don't have to pander.
Here's Daniel.
Hello?
Yeah, I go down on Cubans that ain't bad.
Yeah, okay.
Me too.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I was there first though.
Here's a mobile and my spot on B.
Tell us.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, God.
Stay doing.
Okay.
Oh, God.
That's what I said.
Happy Friday.
Back to you.
Hey, listen, you know, all these things going on in Miami with all these Cubans.
All the best thing you can.
Yeah, I mean, you know, I don't give a fine crap.
I really don't.
Like you said, there's other more important stuff in the news.
Right.
You know, we've got the environment to worry about.
We've got crooked politicians to worry about.
I can't get a guy to get an education.
I can't go to the school and port a potty.
I mean, what kind of garbage is that?
Yeah, I mean, you know, we have a building, John Henry, a big stadium,
and making him a lot of money.
We got important things to a fixed-of-fri.
You know, send the kid back and see full, too, you know.
Right.
All right, Neil.
Have a great life.
You too.
5670560, 0560, 0560, 9 minutes after noon at 560 WQM Lux.
The QAM.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
He cut it away.
Quite literally.
When I was circumcised.
Oh!
Somehow a group back on me, amazingly, open nights.
My foreskin's back after hanging like a fruit fly.
All day, all day, my birthday.
I want to hang like a boost.
Everything's fine.
All day, all day, my birthday.
I want to get back up and getting cut away short.
Now I'm hung like a resource.
And I pretty rad by cutting down the size.
Oh!
Oh!
I'm a big man now that I grew back over my home.
It's a big CC.
My foreskin's back with a royal cosy trouble.
All day, all day, my birthday.
All day, all day, my birthday.
All day, all day, my birthday.
All day, all day, my birthday.
All day, my birthday.
My foreskin's back now.
My foreskin's back now.
My foreskin's back now.
My foreskin's back now.
I'm a fastener at 560 WKM.
Let's talk about something a lot more appetizing like stool specimens.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, not right in the middle.
Not just before our lovely lunch gets here from timing.
Yeah.
Right in the middle.
Well, I'm trying to help on a diet out there.
A lot of people are trying to lose weight.
A lot of real fat Americans out there.
Big fat cows like me are trying desperately to lose weight.
Can't do it, baby.
All right.
I am lost about two or three ounces.
Here's Mommy B.
Chilla.
Hey, happy new year, guys.
Happy new year, sir.
You know, as your color says, I'm pissed off and fired up.
All right.
You said it's, uh, I think it was around the election.
You said the worm is turned in a natural day and day count.
I don't remember you saying that or not.
Unless the person has said that.
But I think when his kid goes back, the worms jump around the bottom.
You know, and uh...
Well, the fact that there are so few people out there
which the media, of course, are very disappointed at that.
And to some of these brothers to the Everglades, uh, all upset about that.
But I think, uh, this is the turning point.
They've drawn the line in the sand.
And on their side, it's pretty vacant.
And I'm glad you brought that point up.
It's the we made, we made, we can tear it down.
It looked around my life.
I thought that was so much bull.
I mean, it was...
No, not only bull, but I mean, talk about arrogance.
What kind of crap is that?
Look at the word, there you go.
I'm a grateful bastard.
And he has to flag next to it.
And I got to thank the guy in the red hat and like, get first calls.
Okay, have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
While they're squeezing themselves, they saw that.
The TV, of course, have shown it over and over again.
They saw that.
Oh, wait a minute. Here we go.
But he's locking the street.
And the borders also showing up just outside of London.
Look at this.
There are two, four, five, and of course, here comes one of the relatives.
And there's a...
There are like 20 cameras.
A half of us are reporters, and there are five people standing in front of the house where
early on Gonzalez.
And here you assholes go again.
Here you go again on Channel 7.
Supporters showing up.
There are all these cameras and all the media people with their microphones, all these morons.
And there's four or five people standing in it.
And maybe there even a guy named Rilla is for all we know.
There's nobody there.
They might have been walking by on their way somewhere.
Exactly.
They wonder where the Virgin Mary showed up for a lot of pizza or whatever the hell it was.
Oh, that's a Hollywood.
Oh, sorry.
We'll see you later.
What a bunch of lunatics you people are.
Just keep blowing it up and blowing it up, trying to make a mountain out of a goddamn old hill.
There's nothing going on.
There ain't nothing going on people.
And you people at Channel 4, 6, 7, and 10.
You just won't stop because you're relentless.
You're a bunch of grey robbers.
You ought to have your licenses lifted now.
The FCC ought to come in here, take a view of what kind of crap you put on yesterday,
and see the way you keep exploiting and trying to build up history and irresponsibility in this community,
and take your license away now.
Oh, god damn it.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
More in Neil or afternoon Neil.
Yes sir, good evening.
An embarrassed Cuban here in Naples.
Neil, yesterday.
Well, you're embarrassed by what happened here or embarrassed to be in Naples.
Well, a little both, right?
I don't blame it.
Yes sir, when George was finishing up the show, he had a dumbass call.
And after the show, I changed over to a station out of Miami, 1140,
and they have this lady, Mosquita, I believe, the fly, I guess is her name.
This is Mosquita.
You had to be something like that, you know.
And this woman, you talk about Stern, the Schmidt.
This lady was given people in such a mood that it was unbelievable.
Yeah.
And, you know, I don't understand.
Thank god, I don't live down there because, you know, I'd be out there like George said.
Oh, wait a minute, hang on a second.
Well, I'm just available.
It's a public record.
I think that conveys what I have to say.
I said before I wasn't going to try this case in the press.
I don't know how any jury or any find her fact to come up with any other conclusion that he broke in that house to do no good.
Okay, go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
He was just looking around, Cecil.
Go ahead.
This woman was on the radio, and when she saw that people were getting arrested, she got, I mean, pissed off,
and she was going to call the mayor, and this was going to come to an end.
They couldn't do this to these people.
No, they should have been beaten to...
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Woo!
Why did I have a feeling that he was going to get just a little of tan carry-to-way there?
Yeah, so Fred had died there.
Cecil's attorney says, but I beat him a little bit about...
Yeah, the new...
I guess he was breaking in there, and he took off the screen from the window, and he was breaking in to do a good deed this morning, right?
Okay, he was going to do some good.
Yeah, he was going to like pollinate her or something like that.
You know, yeah.
Oh my God, are you freaking kidding me?
No.
Or what?
Not fooling this guy.
Yeah, he was...
I mean, isn't that the thing?
If you want to do a good deed for somebody, you'll wait for the opportunity, and then you'll wait for the screen to be...
And you'll break in there when you're sound asleep, and you do a good deed, and leave your little deposit there.
Great, and I bet you I know somebody that's going to agree with that.
I want to mention any names you want to show, but that was...
Yeah, you'll probably find it that.
Here's a mobile in Melbourne, hello.
Mobile in Melbourne.
Yeah, hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
I'm driving in a... I'm in a semi. I'm driving back to Orlando.
See.
And I was listening to the news this morning in Orlando.
They... at the top of the news, they only said a couple of minutes, and that was it.
And, you know, but these people... these people may be fused, man.
Yeah.
Okay.
What did I see?
I said you do.
I have a lot more respect for them.
Take you all shot at a few planes.
So I had to have an... I do this thing, have an...
I see if they could do it.
Or if they got the balls to do it.
Right.
What do you think?
I say, uh, we'll pack them a sandwich.
Right there, amigo.
Okay, man.
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah, they just had another thing here.
Now, what channel am I?
I'm still on 7 here.
Wait a minute.
One moment, please.
I want to make sure that I... you know, I'm still on 7 because they're in their new news.
And they had another clip.
Uh, and of course, it started out as day of decision.
And now it's struggle in the streets.
Struggle in the streets.
Oh.
Yeah.
And of course, they're not guilty of yellow journalism.
It's red journalism.
Bright red.
Not red is in communist, but red is in blood.
Bloody red.
And they're struggling in the street.
And they showed...
And there was one lymph of a big tube of the flag hanging there.
And they were like three people standing there.
And I don't think they were... they were just standing around.
Now they're just showing people hanging out in their backyard.
That's how desperate they are to try to convince us that there's some big demonstration going on.
Is there a big thing?
No.
I sure ain't seen one yet.
Not today.
Oh, God.
Here's a lady mobile in Pember of Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Happy New Year.
Same to you.
The reason I'm calling, I call you everyone's more about guiding light, because of the Cuban East.
Yesterday, I miss guiding light.
I saw it.
Can you tell me what happened?
Please.
Well, let's see.
What's your name?
Carmen keeps hanging around the Vanessa's room of course in the hospital.
Who could have said you wake up or die?
And what's his name?
The Prince's brother.
The evil brother.
Edmond.
Edmond.
Edmond got her away there long enough to write a $10,000 check toward what she owes him.
And he keeps stalking and hanging over her shoulder and he realizes that he's under her.
That's something's going on.
Okay.
And then Young Bill was back.
It's not looking too good, by the way.
Looks like he's had a rough life this last couple of months.
Young Bill was there to see Pilar.
And of course, Carmen kept sticking her head in the doorway to try to hear what the hell was being said.
Because she's afraid Pilar is going to spill the beans.
Right.
And let's see.
What's her name of the daughter that used to be 12?
But now she's a 17.
Josh's daughter.
Right.
Told Josh at lunch that she was some kid from Ottawa.
Home, Amara, right.
There used to be a 10 and now she's 100 years old.
And that some kid tried to rape her and Yadda Yadda and that Olivia was the one that came in and interceded.
And that's where Olivia was, which is why she missed a big meeting.
And now he's trying to call Olivia.
But she's boozing up with her champagne.
And she's on the verge of maybe another tempted suicide.
And Josh is on the way over to there.
And that's where we are.
Oh, nothing with Cassie.
I was waiting for Cassie and Richard because they were supposed to go back.
No, they haven't gone back yet.
Oh, in fact, Richard maybe was either yesterday or the day before that he was fumbling around and got all nervous and was fantasizing about doing the right thing.
No, they'll be dead.
We're not yesterday.
They were taking the day off.
Well, I was really worried about that.
He was taking his bag where he yesterday, I think.
Could I ask you a favor?
And by the way, let's face it, if you were Richard, who'd you'd rather do Cassie or that old, the washed out Riva, huh?
Well, yeah, you're right.
No contest.
That's right.
Exactly.
For my friend, Greg, could you point for his image?
Okay.
I'll work on it.
And can I say Zagasn to you in the year 2000?
Okay.
Also, I like to call my husband Joe a douche watch.
Okay, see ya.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Woo!
Talk about pushing the envelope.
I think she just looked it.
If you know what I mean.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Now, let's see.
You already played it.
See, I want to get on the same page with you here.
So the next break I'm just doing solo.
Plus, I got to go pee, you know.
I could pee in a cup here under the table.
You'd never even know it.
No, well, these short breaks, I don't have time to go pee.
But I could play what she asked for.
And then I have plenty of time to go pee.
Because if I can do serious business in a minute and a half,
I can certainly pee in about 30 seconds.
Boy, thanks to Dr. Diamond, boy, I think those antibiotics
are getting me out of the woods.
Back to your...
Let them pepier today, huh?
You're full of pep.
Yeah, because I don't feel I still have a little lower stomach, you know.
But sure as hell, Pete says the alternative,
which is start getting worried about, you know.
Like a big...
To a tumor and things like that.
Yeah, in fact, I think that by Monday, I'm going to be full of it.
Vinegar.
And if I don't go pretty soon, I'll be full of what goes with vinegar.
Here is a bokeh.
Hello.
You know, yes, sir.
We need to take a little boykin's always...
The baby cheeses, I mean, I'm sorry.
The baby cheeses.
And the whole Cuban community.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hey, Neil.
How come I knew that I was going to have to hang up on him?
Yes.
All right, Neil.
Anyway, I'm another embarrassed Cuban here in Miami.
Basically, these people that are out there just wasting their time.
Regardless of what happens with the kid, really what they're doing is just vying for political power here in the local area, fighting each other, trying to drive as much attention as possible.
So they're numerous, little organizations that only have one or two members each, and they're all out there.
About 50 or 60 is always out in the street right now, anyway.
And it's just a big waste of time and embarrassment for the area, for the Cubans, for anybody.
They're getting everybody upset at them at them, and it's just not going to do any good and keep up the faith, and I got my passport ready.
All right, squeeze it hard.
And you pass for it too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm debating whether to take a call or go take a leak.
You know, I'm going to take something.
Here's a mobile and tempered pie, and tell us.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great.
Listen, paint tester on Channel 6 is just saying, and this is what just kills me, and I got a question about, apparently Monday they're going to have...
Their port? Yeah, the airport.
And then somebody asks, hey, are you going to be doing this at other airports in the area, and the response will not at this time?
My question is, can't we fool tow and Sanchez and some of these other leaders? Is there some type of charge that can be brought against them for kind of inciting this behavior?
Sure, of course.
I mean, because if...
But you see that everybody there arresting, they go down and they process them, and then they put it back out on the street.
But in other words, since there are the organizers of it, there wouldn't be any more like a serious charge for them, as opposed to just the regular civil disobedience.
And inciting the riders, certainly a much more serious charge than just going out there in the block in the street.
Well, I'd like to see them try and do it in there.
And they ought to take the news directors or whoever's in charge of Channel 4, 6, 7, and 10, and give them the same charge and put them in the same cell with a people with a cell, whatever is name is Sanchez and all those other assholes.
I couldn't agree with you more, Neil. You take care.
And Adios, and I'll see you in the Everglades, okay?
And that basulto, brothers to the existers to the rescue guy, was busy shooting the elbow 66 people in the feet.
So you keep saying I get them confused. There's nothing to confuse. It's all the same person with a different name.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I love his tapoo that what we're doing is wrong, but I don't care what they say, because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed, we're not husband and wife, but I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch, you're not like other men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell, when life goes out at 10.
I can't stay forever, now that's gonna be a crime.
As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time.
Call to a crime prison bitch, my prison bitch, and I have no regret.
I got you for a penny bar and a pack of cigarettes, and perched you a resistance.
But now you are my friend, I knew that I would give you an end.
I guess that you were sick from up above.
I got you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
I'm your prison bitch, your prison bitch, and you're a prison bitch.
I only have open requests, how about some gasoline?
I'm tired of this, I just said, I need to get away.
Since it's late, 27 years, not until the end of the day.
I'm your prison bitch, your prison bitch, you knew so many last.
Chimmy!
I really hate these markers that you've had in my back.
I thought that I could break away, but now I'm losing hope.
Squared, squared.
I thought I'm part of the plan of the soul.
I'm free of one bitch, and I'm born out the light that I can hardly wait.
I'm free of one bitch, and I'm free of one bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others too bad they had to die.
On the second part I'll bring you out, say, if you want me to.
Your prison bitch is never needing you.
I'm hurt you about still being, but now you're my soul man.
I'm sorry, I'm a little bit nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
I'm a little nervous.
Hard to remember.
You're about to find out what you call this.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
The polkae.
I I there I is before theぎ, I've gotten home late my thinking
about myself and my nightmare that I was pooping.
That's wonderful.
Have some time.
The Christopher frywasbrot too unbelievable.
this time, evidently, somebody must have gotten to the powers that be, but they were out
there making sure that nothing's going on.
And there may be a handful, eight or nine people standing in a sidewalk with their flags
off of the side, not blocking the streets.
Nothing is going on.
Oh, good.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, God bless you.
Good bye.
Clear sailing.
Clear sailing at the moment.
And all this crap they're going to do this and they're going to do that and they're going
to do the airport.
Yeah, give it a shot.
Okay.
I don't think so.
I really don't think so.
Oh, because the worm has finally turned and constantly threatening and threatening and
threatening.
We're going to do this and we're going to do that.
See, this shows the true character of these people.
We're going to do whatever it takes to get our way.
Now, I'm sorry, ain't going to work.
You're not going to get your way.
The INS is not going to make a final decision while they already have it.
They're not going to change their decision based on a bunch of people doing irresponsible
things.
It's not going to happen.
You know, it's like that older expression, not taking no for an answer.
And that's basically what these people are saying.
And of course, this business about, well, the father should come here.
If you were the father, would you come here into the middle of this crap that's going
on here?
No.
With the expectation that you'd have a free choice at that point of doing whatever you want?
No.
Of course not.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I can talk out there in traffic and let me tell you the worst human trash that I have
ever seen was out there.
Yeah.
These are the people that don't work, collect unemployment.
They're going to get them in.
They fall down a K-Mart to collect insurance.
They should take them all back and send them back to Cuba.
That's a great occupation, by the way.
What do you do for a living or a slip-and-false?
There's some professional slip-and-false guys out there to make a fortune.
I tell you, man.
It was scary.
I didn't think that I thought I was in the Havana.
Yeah.
Maybe that's where some of these people belong, you know?
In the mo-back.
Okay.
That's my vote.
Oh, and by the way, we're out of the new news is over on Channel 7 and now we're back
to that famous headline news.
How do you like that?
That's a real great station, by the way.
That's got to put on Final Cast, CNN headline news at 12.30 because you can't fill up
an hour newscast because there's nothing going on.
Simal Casting, CNN headline news.
Oh, my God.
What a joke.
Oh, there's Jenny Jones on NBC.
And there's the young in a horny.
Let's see.
What's the tent we don't want to leave that with part Charles?
What the hell is that?
Well, we better leave on 7 because we know if that anything happens, Channel 7.
They'll be hyperventilating on it and right next to it.
And by the way, Rick Sanchez, how about that National Council of Churches?
Come on Easter, come on Easter, come on Easter.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil, happy wife and kid.
Back to you.
Don't tell me.
Hey Neil, yeah.
Just wanted to ask you about a diet that I started out in San Diego.
What's your opinion on that?
Oh, it's great out here.
Yeah.
Yeah, a lot of that keeping grease coming out.
Keep your real busy all day.
You won't have time to eat.
My advice is stay close to home.
Yeah, but you think I mean your advice line is a good diet.
Yeah, I wouldn't take that.
I'm the way my stomach's been alive, too, because I haven't needed any of that a kid.
I've been making a lot of quick runs.
You know what I'm saying?
I hear you.
Or I just want to.
I mean, listen, when you go out of your neighborhood bar this weekend, watch out for
those oily stools.
I hear you.
I hear you.
I just wanted to let everyone out there that's listening that I'm also a fellow Cuban and
I want to apologize for all those dumb asses out there that are making fools out of those
Cuban.
Okay, pal.
Don't worry about it.
We know who they are.
And just to finish it off, I just wanted to call Rick Sanchez and all the newscasts,
Channel 7, but they're all douchebagged.
Okay, and I'll stick here and meet us.
All right.
Okay.
25 to 1 at 560 WQN.
The verdict is almost unanimous in this audience.
Okay, in this crowd.
It's got nothing to do.
Should he stay?
Should he go?
That's not the issue.
He stays fine with me.
I don't care if he goes.
That's fine.
That means nothing.
Oh, it's the baby Jesus.
It's the baby Jesus.
Not that we're dealing with any irrational people.
You understand that?
The baby Jesus.
Here's Parkland.
Hello.
Oh, good afternoon.
The overworkers.
Yes, the overworkers.
One is the first time caller.
All right.
And long time listen, with the callers, with the callers.
Yeah, my thing is this.
What is your thing?
With everyone that expires on disobedience and blockages of streets and protests and stuff,
if we could challenge all the energies into one thing, we would never have to lift
you.
Yeah.
And I can't understand it because we open the doors.
But you know something, it's 40 years ago.
It's water over the bridge.
The horse is out of the barn.
It's ancient history.
We are here now.
Let's move on with our lives.
Let's stop crying over spilled milk.
Let's stop screaming in here.
He's not going to go away.
And let's start living here and taking care of what we need to take care of here.
You know what I'm saying, sir?
And that's true.
That's the T-O-B.
Yeah, that's true.
When the immigration policy was that he had reset, it should have been clear.
Right.
Because a lot of people have died out there and the world was made here that he's shunned
back.
Yeah.
You're focused on what is nothing.
I really enjoy your program.
Okay, and thank you.
And have a great day.
I will reappropriate your reconsider.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8.
Well, anybody giving him a song at a dance, I can George is giving a look.
He made a mistake.
See what's going on with our ticket callers.
What was that, Ted?
All the way.
I did hear those intellectual people you were talking to yesterday.
Oh, what was that?
I don't know.
Oh, maybe I dreamed it last night.
Or maybe it was when Andy Moss called the last time.
You know Andy Moss, he's an asshole.
Oh, God.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello, Miami or somewhere.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you happen to hear Mr. Mayor Penaless comments on radio yesterday?
On radio, no.
Yeah, well, he went on an English language first.
And we're all Americans.
This is democracy.
Let's all live together.
Uh-huh.
And goes over to the Cuban side of Spanish radios and said, I am Cuban first and I'm neutral.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I thought I said you're one thing.
He always is.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, in any language.
Anyway, I was going to say is that a lot of people say the reason why the policeman down
here don't do anything is that the Cubans won't hit Cubans.
I said what they need to do is look at the training films from the WTO in Seattle because
whites were doing whites.
Okay.
Okay.
And have a great day.
Here's the fact that says the person ran over the people yesterday should be given
the same punishment as Rick Sanchez, a TV show.
Oh.
There you go.
That's a good point.
Oh, 530.
530, a channel seven on a guy in the red car is going to have his own show.
And here's one that I wouldn't be this something about poop and stink and the airport and this
and that.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey.
I want to ask you a question.
Yes.
First time caller.
Are you getting a strike over that phone quarter with the TV?
I think you can just come in number one.
Stop it.
Okay.
We're taking a look.
Let me get the answer question.
Go ahead.
What are those fishermen think now after they picked up the boy and all this has happened?
They want him to stay here.
They're not saying like, next time we're going to come by and like pop the inner two and
keep going.
No.
I think she said the Schmidt in there.
I don't know.
Maybe she didn't sound like she had a little mushroom out.
Oh, great lunch today from the Atlantic City Sub Deloitte.
So I remember what happened in that case that it was a hot dog.
No, that's right.
I know the Heimlich.
Yeah, they did.
They're two.
Did it help?
No.
He died.
Hey.
What is this?
That would be cool.
What is this thing from Atlantic City Sub's about the super sub bowl special?
What is that?
They stuck it on the top of the thing.
So I get the word.
Feeds 10 linemen or 15 cheerleaders for only 5995.
Order must be placed 72 hours before kickoff.
Well, I see it's the super bowl sub.
For only 5995.
It comes with potato salad and courselaw and sodas and old brownies too.
Mm-hmm.
You brought your brownie hand out there.
Yeah, my favorite.
Well, I've been packing a lot of specimens last 24 hours with my doctor.
Yeah.
In tubes and shmere and on.
Oh, yeah.
Well, they like that stuff.
I think they play with it.
21 before one at 560 WQ I M.
Are you trying to paint too much for long distance calls?
Uh-huh.
They need to pick up the talk talk phone card.
With the talk talk phone card, you'll save money every time you pick up your instrument.
And that damn phone too.
You'll pay 59 cents the first minute and they're just three cents per minute after that.
Just three cents a minute.
With the talk talk phone card, you'll always get reliable clear connections.
Just dial your access number.
Enter your pin number and start talking to friends and family anywhere in the US for only three cents a minute.
And the talk talk phone card ZZ to find it's the bright yellow card you'll find at your local convenience stores and gas stations from the keys all the way to the Palm Beach's.
So the next time you make a long distance call make it with the bright yellow card, the talk talk phone card and start talking more for a lot less.
This is 560 QAM.
Welcome to International Airport.
Please no party.
Thank you all for making it.
There's no use running.
Your flight is gone.
It's at that.
It sounds nice.
It's made the voice of Council slides everywhere.
It has a little in there.
She can see it.
He's using NextTell direct connect.
A digital two-way radio feature on their Motorola phone.
It's like this Council and he's already got a backup lab and meeting rescheduled.
Instant contact, instant answers, no phone back.
We've got Council.
It's my holiday.
It's all that is proud to see it.
She has a point.
I think Harry has something to tell you about the numbers on the report.
Make sure she knows it at the number.
She sees to appreciate the next call how business gets done.
Enjoy your flight.
When instant answers are critical, people who make it happen will lie on NextTell.
Finally before February 29th, you get free incoming cellular calls for the end of 2000.
How business gets done.
Call 1,800, NextTell, now phones my Motorola only available on selected rate plan.
Requires new activation.
Headcap with Nose Discourse.
Starting at 10, come on last KN.
Weeknight, only on sports radio 5.50 to A.M.
It's safe.
I'm in Miami town.
Yes.
As five to two WQA.
Well, George and Junior, nice to be out here fishing with you.
Looks like you pretty much got the election on.
I gotta ask how to do it.
Oh, hey, dad, it was easy.
I just listened to my advice.
The ones who used to be my advisor.
That's right, daddy.
They won't.
But what they tell you to do, George, that means they said,
read my lips.
Drink.
Push like.
Push like?
Uh-huh.
And that's all the famous fortune of my good family name.
Yeah.
Without any of that unwanted specific content or substantive insight into our vision for the nation.
Huh.
That boy, you're gonna make a finalist, that cabinet meeting.
Looking for popularity without having to actually express any real political agenda.
Wanna win it all without ever actually saying what you're thinking?
Try push like.
Just a few sips and I find out my father's was thinking it all.
Push like.
Almost looks like the original, but it's nuts.
I believe that the most important aspect of a good foreign policy is being able to have a policy
regarding foreign affairs.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And thank you, Bush.
Bush like for the candidate who has it all and did nothing to get there.
Okay.
It's a sport.
I wish you were a brough 18 to one of 160 WQM.
By the way, I saw my good close friend Mark, what's his name?
Vander Meer, Vanderpool.
The guy that does the hurtkun's sports on a station.
I don't know how to play with Peter.
And he has a good job.
He's very good.
And he said to me.
Okay.
He didn't take him long to figure it out.
Okay.
Where are we going?
We're going to the Grove.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon to you.
And back to you.
I'm in a little pasta here, so I'm going to have to give it up.
Oh, God.
No, it tastes like pasta.
You need your pasta and I haven't my sub without the bread from Atlanta City, so I'm.
Oh, I think I got the better of that one.
Oh, he's so good.
What disturbs me the most is most of your callers, anger, is that they're really not directed
at the protesters.
They're really directed at Cubans in general.
And why would you say that?
Because the protest is such a minor thing.
It has been a couple of streets that have been blocked out by a couple hundred people.
And most people are bright enough to recognize that that's just an aberration.
Well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Downtown, Biscayne at the Port of Miami was blocked off.
It was backed up for hours yesterday.
And all the truckers who were trying to deliver their goods to the Port of Miami were backed up for miles
because of what was going on until Metro went in there and started dispersing the crowd and arresting people.
You know that?
Oh, okay.
It's not like it was some little sites where people decided to hold a little protest in the street.
Well, do you think most of your callers, anger, is directed at the protest?
I don't guess.
I don't know.
I know there are a lot of people out there who don't like Cubans in general and just sees on an opportunity like this.
You spread, you know, to vet and you know, the people talking about the red car and we're real happy to see.
I mean, I know where those people are coming from.
Have you ever had one of them?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
But you do have to understand that every time we have something like this happen,
and every time the media plays it up historically like they did yesterday, it only magnifies that anger and that resentment because it's a very, at least, stereotype.
But it shouldn't be there to begin with, the anger and the resentment.
It shouldn't be there.
It shouldn't be there.
So, how about anger and resentment against black people, against gay people?
I mean, people have their prejudices.
I hate to break the news to you.
And then just like that one guy that wanted to launch you to a whole tie rate about people that don't speak English,
I mean, this is not something that just happened with alien Gonzalez.
This has been going on for 40 years.
Have you ever had one angle call or say anything positive about the Cuban migration into Miami?
One positive thing.
I don't know.
I've been on the year for 24 years.
I don't remember.
Well since you came back.
Since I came back.
Yeah.
Have you ever had one angle call or say anything positive about the Cuban migration into South Florida?
I don't know.
Well, that means the answer is no.
But what kind of a topic is that?
How about if we ever had any Anglo-Colors say good things about the Chinese who came in and built Chinese restaurants?
I mean, what does that mean?
Is that a problem?
I don't know about Chinese.
We don't have any Chinese population now.
Do we have a lot of Chinese restaurants or the most?
Why do we always out there?
Why is the topic a conversation always something negative about the...
No, no, no, no, no, no, wait a minute.
Don't put the onus on the rest of the population.
They're not the ones who are out there in the streets.
I mean, that doesn't make any sense.
That's like saying, how come we all talk about the dogs that didn't get lost?
I understand that.
And you're right.
What I'm saying is that I don't think the anger is directed so much as the prologue that I think it is.
But you're in the middle.
But you're not demonizing just as much as the people you're pulling their finger at.
You're generalizing that all of us who are upset by what went on yesterday
are generalizing to all of Cubans.
And I don't believe that.
Some are in so.
I think most of your callers, I didn't say all of them.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I'm reading an article right now here on how successful Cubans are in this country,
more so than even the average white American.
Why isn't that ever addressed by any of your Anglo-callers?
So what are we supposed to do about that?
Have what I talked on to show about the fact that Cubans generally speak in our well-educated,
and affluent. What am I supposed to do? Make a topic about that every day, would that make you feel better?
Maybe for about 15 minutes. And to say what?
To address, hey, here are some of the positive contributions that Cubans have done here.
That's what you're talking about. That's what you're talking about.
On the show, you know that. That's not the kind of thing you talk about on a talk show.
Here's the positive things that blacks have done in this committee. I mean, what is that?
Well, I don't know. Maybe you should try it out. Maybe you'll get even better rating.
Okay, I have a great day. Okay. Maybe I'll get even better rating.
See, I'm not a pan-dresser. I come here, I express my points of view.
I listen to you for a very likely period of time there. I don't need anybody to tell me how to do the show or what to say.
Talking about how successful a Cubans have been in this country is not a topic on a talk show.
I just don't get it. And not only that, but how many of those kinds of programs do we have?
Didn't we just have a couple of weeks ago, Geraldo had that show about not just Cubans, but about Hispanics in America?
Do you remember that show? Yeah, I turned it off.
Okay, but I'm just telling you there it was. Not that it isn't there, but it's just not the kind of thing we talk about in this show.
It's boring. Exactly.
Let's talk about the great contributions of the Polish people in this country.
How about all the Jewish people, the ones that don't have the big noses? I mean, what do you, oh, by the way, speaking of that, almost forgot the best piece in this week.
Monica Lewitsky. Lots and lots and lots of stations are refusing to carry those Jenny Craig ads.
And as a result, they're running old ads now to try to save a dying ship, Jenny Craig, because they're getting too many complaints about that fat bitch.
I mean, they must have really been desperate. They must have been on their last dying gasp legs at Jenny Craig to get that fat bitch and talk about a brilliant move.
Talk about shooting yourself in the, sorry, I'm just about to talk.
Talk about, oh, that's right. I'm sorry. It's the Alba 66 people. The people on that diet.
I get all those diets confused. I just don't understand this guy. I mean, people are people.
And in this business about, wow, you know, we got to suck up the Cubans. We got to suck up the how about let's talk about the Puerto Ricans?
We'll get George pissed up. All the great Puerto Ricans. I can't think of any, but there must be some.
For all though, you just mentioned it. He's Jewish. Also Puerto Ricans. Half and half. He's half and half. So you can say he's Puerto Ricans. I'll say he's Jewish.
Boss, who wants him anyways? Anybody want to take credit for him? No, throw him. He's yesterday's news.
Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to clarify three points on all these callers and continue making a big deal about the Cuban demonstration.
Uh-huh. First of all, your drug drivers that, you know, is such a chain that they, the street were blocked off.
Now, when they went to watching from DC, I'm blocked off the whole city because Jimmy Huff, I was indicted by Robert F Kennedy. Yeah, that was okay.
Certainly, when I was in Vietnam, all these white drugs and black were burning American flags. I didn't see what I was saying.
I was like, how many ministers that what you're saying? All the communistas like Jane Fond, that don't buy this guy war like Jane Fond, that all about.
Okay, listen, sir, you're old and so is your song. You're very, very old and so is your tired old song. It's big in a Vietnam.
I was thinking about that driving to work this morning. Wonder how about if Joan Baez came to town to do a concert here in Sing some anti of Vietnam warrior songs.
Comey bitch. Yeah, right. Comey, come on. He's the communist of bitch. Don't feed me a song and a dancer and talk about white trash and black trash.
You're a professional frickin ethnic asshole. I think I'm done. Well, I thought maybe there's another word that's not was there another word.
No, that was enough. Professional ethnic. I can't, I don't, I don't, this is, see, this is what it degenerates into. I have no use for that.
Just like they got a call two calls ago. I don't care about Cubans. I don't care about Puerto Rican. I don't care about sparsas. I don't care about Jews.
I don't care about facts. People are people. Periods. That's the way I operate on this show because that's why I operate in my life. I don't care.
And if some of you assholes would get out of town a little bit and travel the world like I had not that I've been all over the world
but I've been to enough different places to understand what the world is all about. You would discover that.
Then no matter where you go, there are wonderful people. There are scumbag people. There are kind of like nondescript in the middle people who are meaningless to you.
That's the, that's life.
And I get just worn out to the point of, to a, to a frazzle to the point of exhaustion from listening to these people that are goddamn
professional ethnic crap. God, it makes me nauseous. It makes me want to vomit and even though it's a great lunch.
So I better not give it a back at you, not yet. Right on the edge of puking my guts out.
Listening to all this crap. I don't give a flying crap about the Cuban people and the goddamn people from my
people. It could be minicana and a Haitian people. People are people, okay?
On, we've accomplished this and we've accomplished that and I got news for you, okay?
The only reason anybody accomplishes something is because they have the opportunity to accomplish it.
So don't slackless in the face by telling us, oh, well, we made Miami. We're going to destroy it.
That's not the kind of message that anybody wants to get.
That doesn't send a message to me of gratitude for having the opportunity to make whatever it is you made and your success.
In fact, if it's so easy to do it, if you didn't need anybody to give you the opportunity,
get on the goddamn banana boat and go back there and see how much success you built.
We'll watch. We'll send our reporters over there. We'll even send Rick Sanchez to squat over your ass.
Maybe run you over. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
In fact, that's a good idea. Let's have Rick Sanchez drive down there in the middle of those crowds. I'm sorry. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil? Yes.
When I was him in the red car, oh, Jesus.
Love your show. First time call.
That's a long time, listen.
Okay.
That was Rick Sanchez in that name, red car.
Why, he was in a hurry. I had to get back to Channel 7 to hyperventilate some more.
That's all on the other night.
I think that the answer to a previous caller, there are a lot of very positive things that have happened
with the influx of people from all over the world and all over the United States.
In a lot of negative things, yes.
And not yes, but I think that they have refueled and reignited some of the competitive spirit
that Miami might not have had in the early 60s. When I came down here, it was not the town
that it is today and for the most part, I believe it's a better city.
I don't. I don't.
I don't. I came here in 1976.
This town is a toilet compared to what it was when I came here.
Well, I'm sorry. You feel that way.
I'm not. It's not debatable. It is.
OK. OK. I think I came here.
Dave County was a nice place.
And I'm not talking about because of Cubans or this one or that one.
I'm just telling you, this is what evolved.
Has evolved.
Dave County has become a festering toilet.
You can laugh all you want.
I hear. I used to live at the Twin Rakes Lakes Racken Club.
You know what that is? 151st in the 441.
Yes, I do.
OK. And that was a very nice neighborhood when I lived there.
It's a toilet now.
Well, I see a lot of poverty.
Do you disagree with me?
Is that a nice neighborhood?
No, it's not.
Oh, no.
But I think there are areas that have gained an area that have lost.
Miami Beach is much better today than it was years ago.
No, you're absolutely wrong, sir.
You're talking about 10 blocks of South Beach
with the Art Deco hotels and all the goddamn steroid-induced plastic people.
Miami Beach is not better off.
How about where they, how about North?
How about between the fountain blue and say South Beach?
Is that better off than it was 10, 15, 20 years ago?
Oh, probably not, but I think the redistribution of the wealth has moved around a little bit.
And I think it's far from done.
Well, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what does that mean?
I think they're spending some of us here and here.
But oh, god, I love your show deal.
Have a right there. Okay. Thank you.
Okay, well, he's happy. I mean, I'm not saying I'm unhappy,
but to try to say that things are better now than they were here 20 years ago.
Now, maybe when he came here in his 60, he's been here a lot longer than I have.
All I can judge is based on the 24 years that I've lived here.
And for anybody to tell me that big county is better shaped now than it was 24 years ago,
all I can say is, yeah, right.
Give me a break.
And anybody who doesn't think that the burial boat lift was tremendously detrimental to Miami Beach
and other parts of this town also was living in a dream world.
That would be same like the riots in 67 and Detroit were, you know, helpful to the community.
Here we are 33 years later in the next supposed century.
And you can drive back on 8 mile road and several other places I could tell you in Detroit.
And you'd still find the same places, boarded up, closed up, blocked off,
sitting there, closed for 33 years in Detroit.
Because of the riots. And that wasn't Cubans, by the way.
That was people with crazy bill of burning down their own city.
I mean, try to be a little bit objective of either.
There's nothing wrong with being honest.
I mean, you can try to sugarcoe life if that makes you feel better.
But please don't tell me that this date county is on that zone.
I'm moving. It's on the upswing. It's a, yeah, right.
So is the Bowery. It's coming a long way since Rudy got in there.
Oh, yeah. He's cleaning up that Bowery.
Is that he?
No.
Yeah.
Huh.
1256 and 560 WQM like all the sports leader.
We have the way.
And sports radio 560 QAF.
WQA.
What's up, I'm two two hour. Hi, V.
Jimmy
And Danny,
uh,
uh,
Jimmy and
Danny,
Danny and Jimmy, uh
Jimmy and Danny and
Jimmy and Danny and
Danny-
Danny and Jimmy and
Jimmy and Danny and
Danny,
Danny and
Jimmy and
Jimmy and
Jimmy and Danny
and Danny and
Jimmy and
Jimmy and Danny
and
We have a mobile from, uh,
near him.
Hello?
Yeah. Can you hear me, Okay?
I got a question about.
Jimmy and Danny situation,
I have Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
And Danny and Danny and Danny, Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny And Danny and Danny Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Ask literary community for Eduagt.tv
Get Dad to Talk!
Get Dad?
Yesterday at The AV O D Zone, we all went to public television because union was very important.
Shouldера Filmed Up Out of A dolled role�
Oh, I'm you.
Don't worry about it.
I can't worry about what?
Nice talk up.
Well, then there's more Sam.
What am I?
What am I going to do that off the floor?
Jesus Christ, the floor right under where I'm sitting here.
We're farting and belching and puking all these.
They're almost the year now.
By the way, we've been up here in a studio.
It's almost the year getting real close.
Are we getting close to finishing here on the third floor?
No.
No.
Got some lovely paint on those doors, though, man.
Am I impressed?
Wow.
This thing is really humming along.
Can you hear it humming?
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Well?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
OK.
I joined the show a little late, and I don't know if you already
spoke about this.
But the last night at the ABC, they had scheduled a program
called Cuba Acubia in my heart.
Yes, somebody mentioned that.
Oh, they did mention it already.
OK, well, then how about those LA King fans?
Aren't they the worst or what?
What do they do?
Oh, man.
They were bothering the bench.
They were throwing things at the Murray.
They had to stop to give you the city game?
No.
Let it go.
No.
They had to pass my bedtime.
Big problem.
Big problem with the essays from the Barrio.
Yeah, but they won, but they won the game.
And they won the game here.
Well, the sad part of the girls team,
how long since the Kings won a game,
it's been what, about five years since they won a game.
They've been sticking to the joiner.
The last nine games, they never win.
And I know you really look good.
I don't know where I think the speed, the speed skaters
were hoping to pople back.
I'm pretty sure that's what it was.
OK, have a great day.
What is he, does anybody know what he's talking about?
No.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 6, 8, 6, 8, 10, T.
Well, he must be talking about the Panthers, remember them?
No.
I don't remember them.
Are they still playing?
Are they still in the league?
I don't know.
Yeah, you guys, they're with sports channel
and with the organization.
You better start getting your peas and quesols straightened up
because you missed two of the great games of the whole season.
Back to back and the crappy schedule.
I mean, this team doesn't play another home game for the next 700 years,
I don't think.
And not only that, but you know, you
compound that by the time that those West Coast games are on.
And it's pretty damn hard to keep
and to maintain any guide damage or to keep it up.
You know what I'm saying?
What's that pop line under the one in here
where he says it hurts when he, what does he say?
It hurts now.
What is it under?
Who?
Huh?
What?
Poplar Burry line where it says it hurts when I touch it?
It's not under Pobble.
No, it's not under Pobble.
Are you crazy?
I'll find it.
See now, it's kind of like a move point.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
OK.
Hey, I just got a question in the comment for you.
I was just wondering if you heard about the Cecil Collins thing
by his attorney dropping the case, possibly,
because they're thinking that he had an affair
with the person who he broke in the apartment with.
Is attorney your thinking of dropping the case?
Yes.
What you're trying to say is attorney wants the case
to be dropped?
Is that what you're saying?
Yes, I do.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you heard that.
It was just something new just a second ago.
It was on the news that his attorney is saying that.
And in the meantime, they interviewed about a half
a dozen or more of the adult and players out there.
And they all said that they didn't know her.
They didn't have anything to do with her.
And if this is all about your craft,
in addition to which, let me ask you something,
if you're having an affair with somebody,
you take the screen off their window
and break in at 5.30 in the morning,
in addition to which he already confessed to it a days ago.
I agree with you on that.
He already confessed to it.
So Fred had died who said the other day
that he never defended a dolphin who was lost.
It just grasped him for straws.
I agree with you on that.
But I'm sure that I know somebody on the station
who will agree with you.
Yeah, what he's saying, you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to make any name.
I'm sorry.
And have a great thing.
I wait with you.
Yes, I just have one comment.
Let's send them a bunch of humans to hate you.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, I mean, if you're having like a sexual liaison
with somebody else, I mean, don't you
generally, if you want to hook up with them
after a night out of the drink,
and you take the screen off the window
and you bust in the window and then when a husband starts
chasing you, run out the door, screaming like crazy.
I'm screaming, I'm screaming, I'm screaming,
feet don't fail me now and stuff like that.
But always turn the tables.
It's the woman that she is a slut.
She's the whore.
She is the loose woman.
She's a, yeah, right.
And I hate to break the news to you.
But if some of the people in the station
before they open up a big mouth
would read the whole article in the newspapers
and find out that they did interview over there.
It's often camp a whole bunch of different guys.
And they said, you know this woman?
No.
And we had relations with her.
She never steal her freight train.
No.
They didn't know her from Jack Cushmet.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Listen, everybody's forgot to make mention
of the one politician that got the kid
going to his school.
The school board member, they got caught carrying
the guns through the metal detectors in the airport.
Yeah.
No good guy, huh?
That's a good example.
How's the word her name is going, by the way?
Who?
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60,
It's more.
It's about 75 people right across the street
from the Palm Beach Post.
Right.
Oh, he said being a Cuban and disgusted the Schmidt
out of him is what he said.
He left the M out.
Don't leave the M out pal.
That's what M and M says.
Don't leave the M out.
5, 6, 7, what's that number on the out of town line?
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 0, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4,
5.
World them along, singing the song hoping for the best.
We'll be at Nixer Garza tomorrow, Noon 2.
With the Picardi girls and the Rumba sampling
and the Alcane has their Bush's new products,
the Keiza and Rumba and survival rolling demonstrations
and lots of good stories for everybody.
And thank God my stomach is all straight
and now just in time for that.
What?
Nothing you said, Rumba.
Rumba.
Yeah, everybody Rumba, come on, let's go.
Everybody, yeah, yeah.
Actually, that was a charge, I bet.
Are you ready to Rumba?
Is that what the guy says?
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Neil, dad.
Yes, sir.
I got a little something to say about that gentleman
who called up this said, day counting was better off.
I was born and raised here in Miami.
I was raised in Carroll City.
And I think something goes you in apologies, sir.
A lot.
I mean, years and years of apologies.
I grew up at Cal State Crosses, key to my house.
And Pomato Scresser was a two-lane highway
with no overpasses.
You drive up in Carroll City now today,
and they got nothing against it, but that neighborhood
is aware it was the way that was.
You know what I'm trying to say.
How about North Miami?
How about North Miami Beach?
Anywhere, anywhere.
I mean, sir, I'm going to tell you that the demarcation line,
I'm going to say it.
I've said it many times before, when they closed down
corkies in North Miami Beach, that was the day
the day the county officially died.
That was the last nail in the coffin for Dave County,
when they closed down the corkies.
You know what I'm talking about?
Absolutely.
North Miami Beach, the legendary corkies.
Yes, sir.
Those great little potato pancakes.
Yes, sir.
They should have brought the signs saying,
Dave County, let's get a minion together and say
cottage because Dave County is dead.
Oh, I mean, it's just, I just, I don't want to go there
no more.
And as far as you want to go there.
I don't, I just, I just, I'm so pissed off and fired up.
But you just get some closure for all of this.
Oh, I just, yeah.
Listen, these Cuban protestors that are out here on the street.
I'm a salesman.
I'm on the street.
They're disrupting my life.
Every, every sales, every sale called it on me to the possibility.
I'm not going to be able to put food on the table for my wife
or my kids.
I may not be able to pay my bills.
And for what?
The law, the immigration, the actualization service said,
this kid's going back to the area and the conversation.
That's it.
Let it go.
If the Cubans are not going to, they're
not going to change the constitution.
They're not going to change the laws.
And they all can go to hell because I'm.
They could, they could, the same people, the same hysterical people.
Just like they were doing a couple of days ago in the INS building,
they were standing on the corner on the sidewalk.
They were out of the streets.
They weren't blocking off traffic.
There could be thousands of people if they felt that strongly about it,
who would be standing in front of all kinds of places.
If they would just stay out of the street, nobody
that wants to deny them a right to demonstrate or protest,
but just stop screwing up everybody else's life
because all it's going to do is piss people off.
And that's just the law that's going to turn them against her.
What they're trying to get, they're trying to come up and say,
hey, look, this kid doesn't need to go back.
And I want this kid to go back now because these people,
they turn me against the fear of people.
Yeah, that's right.
They're doing more harm.
They're turning public opinion against their own cause.
That's absolutely correct.
And have a great day, sir.
God bless you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Why was I can't believe I dropped that piece of a sandwich?
I was only like a little piece, a little teeny tiny piece
in the sandwich too.
Very distressing.
People are starving.
Don't be doing that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that I support the protest for one.
And other thing, what does that mean?
And if you got a sock over your phone or what?
No, I don't.
I'm just a me on a bat paper.
OK.
What else I want to say is that you support people
like go out and block off traffic in the streets?
Is that what you're saying?
That's how they're going about the protest,
but I support the protest.
How they go about it, they got to do what they got to do.
They got to do it.
5, 10, more.
Oh, too late.
He didn't have the other quarter.
Fine.
They got to do what they got to do.
That's what Ted Bundy said, too.
You got to do what you got to do.
That's what John Wayne Gacy said.
That's what Charlie Manson said.
That's what Hitler said.
That's what Stalin said.
And Mao T. Tung, don't forget him speaking of communist.
You got to do what you got to do.
You know what I'm saying?
You do what you're saying.
Yeah.
Great.
Bring it up.
observation, sir.
And thanks for spending the quarter for your first
percicious insights into this direct, into this repetitive
direct that never ends.
By the way, here in Los Van Bynas, plain as we get in the
airport.
Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Listen, about these Cubans, OK?
It has nothing to do with the kid at all.
What about our nation?
We need to stick out for our nation not for this kid.
I think that the decision needs to be made and the best
interest of the Americans, not the Cubans.
But what does the decision have to do with the interest of
the Americans?
I mean, the immigration case.
Well, no.
I don't have people riding over immigration cases.
I mean, they made their decision.
They made the ruling.
And that's it.
But what I like is that the interest was made in the best
interest, excuse me, the decision was made in the best
interest of the people of the United States.
No, it was not.
It was not a problem.
It had nothing to do with the people of that.
It had to do with the best interest of the child.
Well, nobody cares about that kid.
Believe me that the government could care less about that kid.
But what about the kids who are right here and our own back
yard?
Nobody cares about them.
You know that nine or OK.
It sounds like we're repeating the same thing over and over.
Nobody cares.
And nobody will care.
It's a symbol.
He said that he's the baby Jesus.
Cut the crap.
OK.
Cut the crap.
And let life go on.
OK.
Let Liberty ring.
Whatever the hell he said and fill it off you before they
cracked the bell.
And they started becoming obnoxious sports fans.
See, that's one thing.
Ben Franklin to be real upset about.
To see the nature of those filled up your sports fans today.
He'd be pissed off.
He probably time to go fly a kite.
How are you spelling that?
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
My family moved here in 1954.
And that guy that called earlier that said South Florida's
a better place.
Man, I'd like to get my hands on some of whatever he spoke.
Uh-huh.
But maybe that's what he said at a good time.
The reason that I called up is the Cubans.
I'll tell you what, I'll give him a lot of credit.
No group of immigrants has ever learned how to manipulate
the political system to greater effect.
How about the Sicilian?
Quicker.
No, not even them.
You're dreaming, man.
How about the Irish?
How about the Irish in Boston?
Never.
No way.
You're wrong.
No way.
Anyway.
But as a group, hello.
I'm listening.
As a group, I can't do the most.
These are the most gutless people I've ever seen in my life.
They had a problem in their country.
And their solution was to haul ass as quick as they were.
OK, OK, thanks for rewriting history.
OK, sir.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Over and over and over and read them in rewriting.
I mean rehashing over and on and on and on.
And they did this and they did that.
And we don't like them and they see that.
That's what this does.
If you, if these people would stop doing this crap,
and I'm talking about the few hundred assholes,
if they'd stop doing it, uh, a lot of the, you know,
the passage of time would eliminate a lot of this feeling.
But there's never the opportunity to do that.
Because every time you think you got a little bit of rest,
whether it's the God then coast guard thing,
with the, uh, the dry feet wet feet people,
or whether it's low band band, or whatever it is, it never stops.
How many times have I told you that every two or three months,
we have to go through another one of these or deals,
because these people will not give this community a rest.
And that's what a lot of them need a rest.
Ted.
And not just for the day, but to be, uh, you know,
put away for like a month and let them see how they like it
and they're giving them a pack of them a maybe a no chain of God
then give them a guaya bearing.
That's it.
Get out of our face.
People have lives to live.
That's all they want to live their lives.
And if this were some kind of a cause to live,
some kind of a real cause involved with some kind of real,
a legitimate issue here, maybe then people could understand,
hey, even though we don't like having a traffic block,
we sympathize with your play.
They don't give a crap about this kid.
You're not fooling anybody.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Andy, how you doing?
OK, sir, you sound more like Alice Grant tell to me every day.
Yeah.
You're rating and rating like a conservative lunatic.
You're bringing out.
OK, great.
5, 6, 7, you're conservative lunatic.
Uh-huh, conservative.
Here's another guy.
Buh-buh-buh.
Make a lot of words coming out of your mouth.
Conservative lunatic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You don't even look.
Go look it up and if somebody can spell it for you, pal,
go look up in the dictionary, see what it means.
Underline the dick part.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how are you?
OK, sir.
Uh, question.
The other day you were talking about the nine-year-old kid
who got to handcuffed in West Palm Beach.
Yes, sir.
Uh, well, what was your take on that?
I just heard part of that.
What was my take on that?
You didn't really say what was my take on that.
Please tell me you didn't say that.
That's like, did you read the follow-up in yesterday's paper?
No.
OK, apparently what actually happened was that twice the officer
had stopped over the boy and asked him to walk his bike home.
Uh, before he actually gave him the handcuffs,
the kid kept taking off after you.
That wasn't a follow-up.
That was in the original story.
There's nothing new there.
There's no new information.
You also read that he also caved the boy, uh, the, uh, the bicycle helmet.
The kid refused to use it.
Yeah.
They know the nurse, so that's not the story.
They took him down after they put the handcuffs on.
They took him to the police station.
They gave him a bicycle helmet to try to, uh, you know, smooth the whole thing over.
OK, well that wasn't my understanding from police officers.
I saw the news story on the news yesterday.
They showed they actual helmet.
They took him to the police station after the whole thing was over and done with.
They tried to sue the mother's, uh, history over this.
And they gave him a helmet and they said, have a great life and that was the end of that.
And they showed the video tape 45 million times.
Did you see it?
Uh, yes they did.
Of him pushing the kid back out of the ground repeatedly over and over again every time the kid wanted just to stand up and kept shoving them back down on the ground.
Let me say it again, sir.
In a country where freedom means anything, you don't handcuff nine-year-old kids because they're driving a bike to a bicycle without a helmet.
Well, you know, we had a lot of problems in this country nowadays.
And most of them aren't caused by nine-year-old kids riding a bicycle without a helmet.
You were a long kid.
I think this guy's been playing too much goddamn football without a helmet.
God, give me a break.
We had a lot of problems in this country.
See every time we get something like this, all the assholes like this guy who want a police state who love to support the police state, they come out of the woodworking.
Whatever the police do, it's okay.
We don't care.
And like I said yesterday's a classic example.
You had good police work and you had bad police work.
Metro day, great job.
Hi, Alia.
Great job.
It's better what that one guy said.
City of Miami.
Crap.
Embarrassing.
Here's a little joy who's never too embarrassed.
I'm just glad I don't live anywhere near any of these protests.
Did you, I don't know if anybody told you, but did you, like the last two days, they've been asking these leaders, they're asking the direct question.
What do you think about the negative effects that all these protests are going to have on these people?
They can't come up with a straight answer.
And then they get the sky.
They don't care.
They don't give a crap.
The answer he gave was, and I may not be quoting directly, but I mean, he said,
we've suffered for 40 years and they have to learn to suffer with us is what he said on TV.
What kind of BS answer?
Well, what is it that they've suffered?
What are they suffering from?
Freedom.
They don't understand.
They still don't have an answer as to why they're blocking South African.
That's the answer they come up with.
Just like the other day, Ricky Sanchez asked the same question to that guy, Raoul Sanchez or whatever.
And that's how it was.
It's Raoul and Raoul.
Yeah, whatever.
He went on a new reading.
He went on a new reading.
And he's probably more on that guy to rest.
He went on a three minute tirade where he ran around the question and didn't answer it.
And then Ricky let him off the hook going, well, okay, that's what he said.
Well, Ricky is too busy worrying about the National Council of Churches and all those companies that are in there.
Oh my God.
Exactly.
Embarrassed Cuban American.
Okay.
See ya, Joey.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know what?
In a few days, whatever it is, a few days, a couple of weeks, whatever they finally do.
He'll either stay here or he'll go back.
You know what I'm saying?
Either he'll stay here or probably he'll go back because I don't think they're going to change your mind.
And then they'll have to go back to life.
Oh, you can't say that.
Just if you get through sand, that's the way it goes.
But it's a baby Jesus.
I mean, can't you tell?
He looks just like the baby Jesus to me, don't he?
Yeah.
They give him some cute sandals and let him grow a little beard.
Well, I guess he's too young to grow one.
Maybe they could like, tie one on.
And a beard too.
It's 18 after 1 at 560WQM.
How you Friday you breast beard?
Oh.
Oh.
It used to be hot.
Back in the good old days.
Before the old parts came.
And politicians say, old days.
This town was once alive.
They even had spring rays.
There were things to do all night.
It's rowered and it's day.
Let the old part walking again.
And the power's useless.
But rookie videos.
You just got all the dope.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
This is the day that's why I'll be dying.
Everyone who thought the day knew best.
Or the wonder brought us forward, painful tests.
Through via the sea.
Can you believe there was a time?
They had to see knows that hell is ill.
Try to organize the crime.
But the experiment has failed.
When the brain does change it down.
And door the box of sounds.
They just fell over the plate.
It's a big touch.
It's great.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
This is the day that's why I'll be dying.
What a great place to go to this.
But filtering out the rules is without the sea.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
I heard the old Rogers cry.
The world-class hangar directly overhead at the airport.
I heard all right.
Over and right along.
Oh, geez.
We have to get this over with.
It turns my stomach.
I think some of our stool specimens were twisted.
Where's Pa, B?
Tell him how's it going Neil great look my problem is this what is your problem sir all right the
questions that the IMS asked that father down when they went to Havana to visit him with the
same questions I was asked in court when I won custody in my son right this father has a bond
with that boy and that boy should be returned to his dad right okay period and then another issue
the Cubans are in Cuba and then were the words spoken by a member of the Cuban national volleyball
team in LA back a few years ago when I was there so this thing about the Cuban right the Russians
are in Russia and the Cubans are in Cuba and the Americans are in America and absolutely correct
very good point let me tell you man I love your sense of humor everybody okay thanks pal
that's right he's got an excellent point that's one of the great lines we've ever heard
him they show the Cubans are in Cuba right but I'm a hyphenated I don't want to hear no hyphenated
you cannot be a hyphenated person I was American a tiny American Jewish American African American
Atlanta North Pole American I'm a human American oh no I'm not so sure about that you're
gonna look here either way now a human American in fact let's see those humanore is it next
tomorrow I got some good stuff in there a human horse five six what is it eight seven seven seven
eight five sixty three forty five any other townline see even I don't know that number and I never will
I know if I don't look at the thing I don't know what that number is eight seven seven eight five
Neil and EIL I still don't know it I don't want to know it here's a lady in high alia hello
hello yes man okay you seem to have an opinion about the little boy well doesn't everybody yeah okay
but I don't like the opinions that you're giving oh I see the fact is that if you were a Cuban you
would understand how everybody I understand what why people want to go and block the traffic
in the streets because we have a word in it also they want to send them back because nobody
has stood up to this kid and we're off showing that we're Cubans and that we could have a word in it all
well let me when you say we how about the 99% of the Cubans who are not out there in the streets
that are not out in their streets because they're looking at the news and they're they're going
and they have to go to their jobs and they have to do their things but they also have a
little man she last night well how about last night were those people working with their jobs
last night I don't think so all right and most of them most of them were out there no they were not
they were not they were not they were not out there there were a handful of people there were
a few dozen people in this but the few dozen people they're protesting because of the fact that
we have a word in it too that little boy's mother died yeah okay have a great day man I'm not
interested in arguing about the little boy okay like I said if he stays here fine if he goes back
it's not an excuse and please stop using him manipulating that kid for your own selfish
purposes and please stop setting yourself up as I'm kind of a spokesperson for the Cuban community
because you're full of crap you're full of bullshit god you know who you know who that was by
the way you know who that was see you're a little slow today George that's just not familiar
not tell you who she was when I know who she was here you go okay the kind that you have
talking on your sports department I heard another day talking about the illegals that they're
getting now to play the game and you know it's it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban
there you go that's her one note Charlie huh thanks for having still listening by the way the
new Roger show on 560 WQA M the highly rated new Roger show thank you ma'am and you're full of
crap you were full of crap when you did the voicemail months and months and months ago last year
whenever it was and you're still full of crap stop trying to justify behavior that's unacceptable
okay we're not going to sit and tolerate people disrupting the entire community because they cannot
get their way period end of discussion that is it see ya I have a nice weekend
you a m drops the green flag with motor sports Saturday okay
morning to fix with chocostello right here on sports radio 560 QA and suck it in and hold it you've
heard of squeak you've heard them say now the ferret talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording
that can now be yours listen to the dirty talk picture what he's doing to you
let his words work their magic it's the ferret talks dirty available now for 1695 order today I
like it I like okay if you're not there's a despondent enough with all the crap that's going on
here with all this professional ethnic crap play tidier this Jesse Jackson civil rights group is
pissed off and fired up over what over the firing of ray roads contending the green bake packers coach
was held while higher standard than white coaches how do you like that not that Jesse Jackson's
a professional sparser by any means but Charles feral who promotes sports opportunities for minorities
for the rainbow push coalition said he plans to send a letter to the team how do you like that
just like that letter we got from the Catholic League in New York are we pissed off about that
up wow feral said the coalition also wants to be with NFL commissioner Paul tagli a boo-boo to
discuss the fire we're in the fact that only two black head coaches remain in the NFL so the fact
that they had a disastrous season the fact that he evidently according to most experts is a real
marginal crappy coach that shouldn't count the fact that he's black let's keep him in there
what a white coach of a dismissal the eight-and-eight record feral said Friday from his New York
office why harrow coach for four years and then dismiss after one packer spokeswoman Paula Martin
said Friday she couldn't immediately respond for the coalition's comments you do not be immediately
respond them roads with dismissed after the packer six year playoff run and it also dismissed
were two black assistant coaches offensive coordinator Sherman Lewis and offensive coordinator
Emma Emmett Thomas it's heavy in terms of losing a head black coach and side tracking ahead what
is it side tracking head coaching aspirations to additional coaches feral said how do you like that
huh not that they're playing the race card you understand but he must have been picked upon
because of the fact that he'd be black I am so you know something Jesse Jackson I'm surprised
that he's not here marching in the streets with the protesters I guess he's too busy worrying
about Ray Roads he's there you know he ought to worry about he ought to be worried about Randy
Roads because I heard a rumor yesterday that the queer channel took her and who's the asshole
a cool jack hole looking cool and put him on some like marginal ten-watt station up there in Palm Beach
then nobody can hear anywhere that's the rumor I'm here no you ain't going to be talking to
Brad no more sweetheart so what the hell what is South Florida gonna do now they're gonna have a
jack attack and no more jacks on it now that's a hunchback of radio is getting her
having an operation on her back into arbitrage ratings
what's going to happen down here Jesus Christ I guess I'll just play that every day for 30 seconds
we'll give you a pre-nounce time and I'll just play every day to pacify that void in your life
well and that's pretty bad news heavy duty here's a lady in Miami hello Neil yes man listen to this
how bogus I subscribe to the herald I get my paper today open it up and there's a post card in it
with ilion's face and it's addressed to the honorable bill and Hillary Clinton it's in the paper
it's it it was in the paper wasn't in my paper thank god oh I'm not ready I'm gonna try
I'm gonna shake candid bogus thanks Neil bye okay how do you like that paid for by who she didn't say
paid for by the who oh no paid for by the guess who I thought they were Canadian huh I don't know
who cares I mean is that surprised anybody in this town oh of course not
in fact I'm surprised that the all the editor I'm surprised Tom Fieler wasn't there in his yellow raincoat
out there in the middle of the protest march blocking the streets yesterday five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir
Neil how are we going great listen I would have to show you once more I get a chance
just comment with a little bit with the guy said a little while ago
um the guardian you know how people call in and you criticize it's a big you know you have a
lot to say about when when there's a protest going on but you you talk about the past about Cuba
and you know the history and all that you basically don't really understand what the problem is in
Cuba because you talk about like if you could just let it go water into the bridge you can't
just do that because a lot of people suffering or is there are a lot of people suffering all over
the world there are people living under totalitarian rule in hundreds of countries all over the world
and I can't spend the rest of my life worrying about that I live here I'm worried about the
injustices here we have a family we have a family those sufferings you know something sir there
are we there are people from Arab from China who have relatives in China
and they're going to be Russia what is that that's the that's the beauty about this country
what's the answer let me say it to you and I'm not going to listen to some shouting asshole okay
sir protesting is one thing blocking off the street disrupting the airport screwing up the
community for everybody else for law-abiding citizens it's got nothing to do with the American way
and like I said before listening to a bunch of an animal people making up their version of
libertad it makes me want a barf don't be screaming in the element me libertad when you don't
know what it means please and I do not see is it just like the Jesse Jackson thing I just got
through reading it's unacceptable being a professional ethic is unacceptable
and in the meantime if you got relatives over there keep sneaking the money and whatever you do
it over there like you have been doing for the last 40 years and life will go on and they'll do
the best they can that's the way the world works but don't try to burden all the rest of us here
who aren't interested in that we don't care I have relative I had relatives in Russia and in Poland
who knows where the hell they came from in Germany I don't care not interested swatter over the bridge
just like the people who want to keep going back and visiting the concentration camps all I can say is
why that's my you know why yeah what kind of a what kind of a vacation is that what kind of a
trip is that doesn't make you feel better does it cleanse your soul like we didn't have it
already seen the documentary pictures eight million times those gruesome pictures of them shoveling
the skeletons into the goddamn grass and we all see those 50 million times so what's the point
how about being like productive worthwhile living and breathing and stop wallowing in the past and
all these injustices and all that you know life has to go on life is for the living and breathing
and if you got an ask to grind take whatever legal methods you've got to correct those but not illegal
not mess it up life for everybody else and not constantly threatening and threatening and threatening
if we don't get our way we're gonna take our goddamn marbles out in the street not it's not
acceptable sir period how many times do I have to say that to you and of course when you're
rude and obnoxious just like you were on a phone with your wouldn't have a conversation what's
to be expected and you see the way these people were in the streets when a police you know came
back and the police weren't hassling anybody until those people refused to well you know get off the
goddamn street and let me say it again for the eight minutes time nice going metro days nice going
boys girls or whatever they are here's a mobile and four-letter day hello hello yes sir hey Neil how's
it going okay I just wanted to say nice day to you and I do agree with your with your views on the
the kids should go back because of this is father I don't agree with the way that they're going
about it as far as black and off street and all I got to say is if I was down in Miami and I was
in a work truck okay black the street great here's a mobile in bokeh hello and the other go okay all
I got a couple things for you yes first of all the protein was that little alien you had in the back
there a squealing for that thing if that's you alien I'm at gas station if that's the baby Jesus
that's it now I'm leaving you yes and twice for now
hey honey how do you know little polls that channel seven was doing yeah I think I said it's
very possible it's just maybe the only people who cared enough to pay 50 cents to tell channel seven
what they thought was the people who actually thought that aliens just they yeah but it's
interesting the channel four pull was absolutely I mean it was 62 to 38 percent against uh 62 percent
in favor of sending alien back to Cuba and channel seven is the only one for some reason I guess
that must be the one that a lot of the Julios are watching and calling over and over and over and
over again I'm on it must be over and over again you better just don't watch channel four exactly I
think we should just trade them for a couple boxes of cigars and send them down his way I've
way everybody get something out of it there you go there you go right there eight seven seven seven
seven eight five fifty three forty five is our number on the other timeline do you remember that
number Neil by any chance no eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
here's my VP hello yes sir good yeah parents Cuban I was born here I'm kind of
disgusted with what I saw yesterday um at the United States needed an animal they insert the
two beer and day counting it's full of Schmidt right you know what I'm saying yes I do and as far
really on a rough lately you know as I was watching it yesterday on a television I don't know what he
just said I don't know anybody just said that's why nothing I have no idea five six seven
oh five sixty pound five 60 on the 18 t wireless lines did we miss anything good there no I doubt it
here's Miami hello hello yes sir oh I just talk about Jimmy and daddy yes uh oh uh oh uh hey
I'm sorry.
560.560 on the 18th wireless line.
Every time I think of that, why is it that they say that?
I mean they, you know, then, you know, I'm talking about them.
Hey, hammer.
Maybe Hank can answer that question.
Oh, I think it's busy.
I found out about Cecil and his affair with that woman, I think.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I'm a number of people.
That's so funny.
Hey, listen, I called yesterday to the court.
Yeah.
You sound like one of those chronicstermy.
No, no.
Listen, yeah.
You sound like one of the chronicstermy, yeah, man.
I call for a-
I call for a-
No, well, here you are.
560.560.560 on it.
See, I'm starting to get really good now because we've had so many
wholeos discussing these things, the last couple of days.
And I'm becoming a wholeo voice expert.
Yeah, you can tell the difference now.
Exactly.
This one sounds like he will grind my deco-
to me.
Got any more?
Here's the four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hi, meow.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad that Miami police-
Can't hear you, sir.
Okay.
I'm glad that the-
I'm glad that the Miami-
There you go.
Yeah, that's good.
I'm glad that the Miami police kind of did something because if we were black people out there,
we would have been some hair busted, okay?
And the queue was out of the kitchen America's ass.
Mm-hmm.
Because-
Yeah.
Because we know that if they want to go over there and free that country-
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
19 before 2 at 560 WQL, I just, you know,
all of some of these calls have to be very short because we've already heard that 55 million times.
I don't want to waste my time with that cock eye anymore, okay?
Too much cock eye, you know what?
Yeah.
Not good for you.
Are you done with that, by the way, the-
With the cock eye?
Yeah.
Peter Clayton said too much cock eye is good for you.
What is it?
Of course, look what happened to him.
Are you sampling?
Sampling what?
Of cock eye?
Oh, no, I'm not.
I have one more day of-
No, I'm not sampling.
I have to provide samples.
Specimens.
Schmeering on that little thing.
Oh, we were talking before the show this morning, George and I about those glorious days.
Many years ago, I shouldn't have said glory.
Those wonderful days.
And who was it with the old channel forward to now channel six?
They did the thing with the home colon colon cancer test.
Were you shmared a little on that card and you nailed it to channel four?
And I remember-
I'll never forget it was on I-
Oh!
I'll never forget the day that the Surrey came on about the postman were swooning from the people who had like packaged to loosely or who had gone to loosely or to loosely address or whatever that thing was.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
Oh, man.
Don't send any crap.
Talk about Schmidt mail.
God.
I don't want to go into that, okay?
But it is very.
It's not a very pleasant thing.
I'll take that right now to have to dig all these little samples and put them in tubes and schmere.
I mean, come on.
And I don't think that they really do any test on those when you bring them in.
I think that they did it with it.
You know, I think that they're-
They're into-
They know they're schmeth.
They write on the wall with it.
Is that what they do?
17.
That's not what Peter Clayton said they did with it.
Of course he died, you know, he died.
He was a restaurant critic, Peter Clayton.
I would tell the story about the time that Bill Cudder and I were-
I don't want to tell a story.
He brought in those things for us that looked like big gigantic-
You turd.
Yeah.
And we just couldn't keep a straight push.
In fact, I was laughing so hard.
I was standing up against the wall in the studio rocking with laughter, just holding myself up against the wall, almost peeing in my pants.
And there was four Bill on the air.
I think that's what put him over the edge.
Peter Clayton, he was a real connoisseur or he knew who he schmeth.
He was a sketch-uffle.
17 before two at five, that was his favorite musician by the way, was Scott Man.
That's radio five, 60 QAAM.
It's Friday, you first ear.
Yes.
I'm here to read the Catholic.
I know one ever.
He was a rough kid.
Holding that knife in his head.
I will travel across the world seeking a good, sweet thoughts of my day.
And continue to dress like a girl, and share the things I had to fear.
And get religion just like the eat.
And join the Archdiocese.
The Catholic Freelance stage is one way most deep right.
Believe what I say to you.
I find Barry Tano, John Thru, or I'll live my dress and say,
he's got food.
He's got five regulables.
Okay, it's 147 at five, 60.
He's got the big ones by the Pope.
Make no mistake about that.
That's what the Swiss guards say anyway.
Where are we going?
I'll tell you one thing.
We've been smoking here today.
And we'll be smoking in the next tomorrow, by the way, from noon to two.
Some really good stuff.
And maybe some cigars too.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
It's time to taste.
You know, I just want to make a couple of quick comments.
Yes, sir.
Because this is all I've been talking to death.
But what incenses me probably the most is when...
Let me ask you a question.
What incenses you probably the most?
What incenses me probably the most is the fact that...
And I think you touched on it several times before.
We were using the word liver cod.
It gives you a brain.
When you see these people waving a Cuban flag, screaming and yelling and bitching and moaning about a child who was rightfully going back to his parents.
Right.
Why don't we turn the clock back and say this?
This is a child who was going back to his father, where at least the child can be raised.
Forget the environment.
Forget the...
It's a so-called communist environment.
But Trank and Roosevelt turned back a boat called the St. Louis.
I don't know if you remember that.
Yeah, but wait a minute.
We don't have to go that far back.
Let's go back to 1980, okay?
In the Merriol Boliv.
Right.
And the same people and their relatives who are doing all the screaming now, the same people who are obsessed.
They were the ones that are screaming so much against Castro now.
They were the ones who are yelling in favor of the Merriol Boliv from a very selfish standpoint
because their relatives were coming in.
But at the meantime, Castro was making fools out of us by setting all of his mental patients and his hardened criminals over here.
And as a result, this town turned into a toilet for a couple of years and we had shootings and rampant crept.
This town was like a slaughterhouse for years because those people demanded that those people all be allowed to come in.
So when it's convenient, when there's an expedient, oh, Fidel is evil and isn't it?
But when Fidel wants to send over all his goddamn worst slime over here, that's okay because we want our relatives to come over here.
It's strictly selfish.
It's us, us, us, me, me.
And those people can drop dead.
Amen. Amen.
All 800 of them.
God bless you.
Now, seriously, it's just a few hundred assholes. That's all.
I don't forget that quickly.
It was 20 years ago and anybody who did, oh, Libra thought, yeah, but they're speaking out against the Merriol Boliv
and that kind of immigration non-policy that turned this town into a toilet into a nightmare.
Oh, God forbid you should actually have the hoods, but they're given different put up of them.
Yeah, Libra taught for everybody who says things that are okay with us.
It's never been any different. It'll never be the same with that element of nut cases in this town.
Well, guess what? That ain't what Liberty's all about.
Here's plantation. Hello.
I know. How are you doing, sir?
I want to talk about the thing that you said with the coach that got fired.
Raver O'Bachard.
Right.
He was a Packer by the way.
In a similar story, I read today, and it is paper, that they wanted to raise the score in Florida for passing the bar exam.
Right.
Now, forget the fact that raising the score is going to give us better lawyers, but the protest against that was that
if you raise the score five percent, five points that they wanted to raise it,
that it was going to make it more difficult for the blacks and the Hispanics to become lawyers.
And that's why they say they're doing it.
Yeah, courts are considered. Some of you just factfully that story.
Court to consider raising the bar score for the first time in nearly 20 years.
Florida Supreme Court will consider raising the passing score in a bar exam.
However, however, the minorities right away, but I'll be put about our offset because they're not going to be able to cut the cheese.
Right. Exactly. Forget the fact that we're just going to have the best lawyers in the past.
Right. That's right.
I mean, how would they feel if those were the way the tests went for your airline pilots?
Well, we've got to have black, even though we might crash our players.
Somebody who's going to perform open hearts here, to be on your next weekend.
Exactly. Yeah. I just thought that that's kind of an even more important message to our society than the coach being fired,
but in the same thing, the same place.
Yeah, Jeff, he's got his priorities, man.
And I don't give it down, but, Ali, on it, he can come or stay just like you said.
I'm going to go on and I agree.
Life goes on very good.
Have a great weekend.
That's right. That's the point. If he stays here, I have no problem with that.
I could understand it.
Although, of course, in becoming quite agitated because now it would be viewed as caving in to these hysterical people.
I'll say it again.
You people have done more harm to your own cause.
And even I can't give you a number, but a tremendous number of people who totally sympathize with your viewpoint and said,
yeah, the mother risked her lives and she died in a boyfriend.
And he was rescued in a raft and now he's got a chance for freedom and he's got relative zero.
We love him.
I can understand that.
But by your behavior, if they did reverse the decision, it would again appear that they'd be caving into your obnoxious unacceptable behavior.
And it would also set the person again.
So that the next time something happens, you don't like you'll go out there and do it again.
This town isn't going to tolerate that and the politicians and the people in law enforcement and everybody with a ball in a brain has got to say that we're not going to continue tolerating this.
That every time you don't get your way, you're going to screw up life for everybody who lives here and keep threatening and threatening and threatening.
No, Maas.
What did he say that?
Here's a mobile and Miami Lakes, the wrong line. Hello.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I am the American son of Cuban immigrants.
Yes.
I have a bone to pick.
Now with you because you are the greatest.
Now with the Cubans and now with the cops.
I have a problem with the channel seven pilot of the helicopter that was over my out in little Evanna for two hours last night waiting for something keeping me up.
You are a douchebag.
I hate you.
Die.
Okay.
Amen.
Eric Sanchez was probably squatting over this poor guy's house in the helicopter.
He was squatting on it.
And he also, I hear the rumors.
He was driving at Red Car.
Everybody hear that rumor?
That's the rumor I'm hearing today.
He was on 5.60 QAM.
There was Rick Sanchez speeding his way back to work in channel seven after stopping at the Arapa Queen for a quick snack.
Do you think Rick Sanchez knows the Arapa Queen?
Yes.
He knows Brian Andrews.
Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Hello.
And Bill Kamala. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Neil.
I'm here.
I like to show.
Talk about squatting on people's houses.
I think you'll like this.
I'm sitting on my porch, the helicopter on the boat, an epileptic hero.
Would it be begun?
And I wasn't using it.
It was beside me.
It always just.
Well, the cops came by.
So I had to be begun.
As we go, I told them about it.
About 45 minutes later, for an hour later, two flash bombs went off beside me.
Blue up my windows and the entire squat team.
The squat team.
They sent it on me in my backyard.
Pinned me down, broke my shoulder, cut my arm, I said, cough my feet.
My hands.
Now did you have your bicycle held on or not?
I did have a nail done, but it was 50 feet away in the garage.
Which by the way, they asked me if I had ordnance.
I said, does that count?
Anyway.
Well, so, so.
Maybe, maybe what I've said about when you started doing your little Jimmy Johnson routine scene.
We got to drop them out of.
Set them off.
We got to.
We got to try.
Well, take this.
When I got outside, there was every clock car and bomb squad and fire engine.
And of course, all my neighborhood, the people videotaping night felt about scuba.
They took me to hospital.
I said, my charge would anything, no, my criminal, no.
And he tickets, I said, no, you've done nothing wrong, sir.
And I got in my home.
The squat team.
Now October 1st, get a copy of it.
You like it.
The front page, October 1st, the book with tone news, probably several others.
It shows the squat team.
I'm going to talk about all the horses in my ass.
Yes, sir.
So he goes, the entire squat, they mobilize, they take all this money for it.
And that bullet, they're going to torch.
My next, the neighbor's got three of them.
Okay, well, don't do it again.
Do you have any idea what he just said?
Here's my me sure as hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I just wanted to touch on a couple of points.
Now I don't want to.
I later read no different things.
But I agree with most of what you say at today.
But I really, really agree with you with your comments about the local media.
They've given the Cuban community in the 200-300 protest as an elevated and poised.
Right.
Locally.
And they've elevated the importance, but they've created so much animosity here.
They continue polarizing and polarizing and polarizing and pissing people off.
And with these people up into a frenzy over much even about nothing, there's been hardly anybody out there.
Exactly.
But you know, they've always had that ability to play the media.
And get that disproportionate assessment before.
And it's had you how desperate they are today.
It's so boring.
There's nothing going on in the channel seven.
Got the rock-fired files.
Now you know it's got to be there.
Yeah, yeah.
For sure.
I left from downtown near the federal building about new nail.
A lot of beat-up security around there.
But there wasn't anyone there.
No.
But the point I wanted to make is that I think that this might be the time that this backfire is.
And I was going to play in the media like that.
Not just locally, but nationally.
Especially in light of what the Haitians very recently.
You know, if everybody being sent back and it's such a clear double standard.
Right.
And on the front page of the Miami-Herald, the story about the Haitian kids who was sent back to Haiti while their mom is still in Miami.
Right.
You want that boat?
It's down there in the corner.
And everything else is newsworthy locally.
It's just been ignored.
Yeah.
The other thing, there's a lot of hypocrisy here.
Not just with the Haitians, but with all the free speech and right to protest issues.
For them, they have those rights.
But anyone else, they're going to exercise the heck with veto.
Right.
And they're going to attack everyone else.
Yeah.
Anybody that wants to perform here that isn't their cup of tea.
They're going to do everything in their power to keep them from doing it.
That's not liberty.
Listen, I'm 45 years old.
I grew up down here and spent a number of years in Tampa.
I was called an inward a lot more here in the last eight or nine years than the rest of my life combined up to that point.
And it is also very intimidating the way that they go off the people that disagree with them.
And have a really complement you.
You have some really burglary-sized balls for the handlers things where you have to deal with them.
Hello, here.
Elephantitis.
Have a great day, pal.
Okay, you two.
Hang on.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Channel 10, Paul, also had a majority against the riots and...
What was the numbers?
Or in favor...
You were a ballpark.
It was 70-some-op percent in favor of sending him back against the riots.
Yes, I think they all zeroed in for whatever reason on Channel 7.
Right.
That Rick Sanchez fixation.
And I guess that was before they realized he was the guy that was driving a red car.
Well, I flipped to Channel 7 right afterwards and there was like 90 percent, you know, in favor of the chaos.
It was going on.
So I kind of had to say, hmm, something like that.
I think Rick voted 1600 times in that poll though I was part of the problem.
He might have been.
But the question I have, if this is only, you know, a few hundred of the fringe elements, where...
You know, I'd like to believe that most of the Cuban community doesn't agree with this...
Disactions.
Yeah.
And where are they?
Why aren't they speaking out?
And I don't mean calling the radio station and saying, hey, I'm Cuban too.
I'm from what George was telling me.
A lot of them called the Spanish language radio and yesterday we were very disgusted by this, which is pretty unique.
That rarely happens in a stunt.
But they were calling Spanish language radio stations and talking about how humiliated and embarrassed they were and trying to separate themselves from this kind of crap.
Well, maybe they separate themselves and speak out where accounts are at the next election when, you know, may have pan-head.
Yeah.
