On 560 QAF, it's all Coneal.
On 567, on 560.
Oh, freaking big and powerful.
Now, 560 on your top.
Oh, you can use a vehicle that's against your tolerance.
And that's necessarily what presents those of the BCC Black Cuts Group.
And oh, that's what happens to the HL.
Now, here's Neal Roger on 560 QAF.
Wow.
Black Tom Bronze is my favorite red slice.
I don't know, but Joe, it makes you feel right.
And it's the great to see your white tail getting tagged by some brothers that are hung right where.
You are being shocked by the things I say.
But Joe, I think it's hot to see a gang bang.
We're going on the back, surrounded by guys, and I'm sitting on my computer with my old sock to the side.
I'm hanging at my house and I'm all alone.
You know the same old tail of a cupboard.
This is the forehead, hands to the floor.
And my hand is my friend.
And I'm looking at pictures of a white chicken black man.
And that's what I do every day.
Black Tom Bronze.com is the best I say.
It's the most important thing I'm all for do.
All my computer is all that I'm all for do.
It's my chair.
I'm in for super fair.
Thanks, all of you.
That's how it's all for me.
All right.
10.02560 WQM. Happy Monday to you.
Hey, baby.
The pressure is on.
You can feel it.
You can almost smell it.
That's right.
There's some waiting books coming out today.
A lot of pressure on George.
And so most of it is going to fall on his little puny shoulders.
That's right.
A lot of pressure on today.
And of course, then we'll be getting that bonus.
See, it's a good thing they find it clear that up with you.
And you got the last bonus because now we can make way for the next several months of
magic and screaming.
Where's George?
It's freaking going.
God damn it.
Hey, what was that poll question on Friday?
Generally, which group of people in South Florida bugs you the most?
How many guesses do they need to see who won?
Huh?
See, that alien thing.
I have a feeling that that exacerbated it somewhat.
What about it?
Maybe like five thousand times maybe.
Huh.
Which group of people bug you the most?
Cuban.
It was Cuban.
531.
45.6 percent.
Almost half of the people.
We had a big response here.
1160 poll respondents.
Because this involves like a little bit of hate, you know.
And that's where you people are big on.
They love that heat.
Let's talk bilingualism.
Oh.
New Yorkers were second, but a distance second.
The two are six and true George voted for New Yorkers.
I didn't vote.
Oh, 17.6 percent.
I'm not telling.
I didn't vote for Cubans.
Senior citizens, 128, 10.9 percent.
Afro-Americans.
One of African Americans, 106, 9.1 percent.
French Canadians.
69.
I did not make the number up.
Is that interesting?
Have they think fall into each other like that?
Uh-huh.
69.
Oh, it's a real loading.
A 6 percent.
Rednecks.
62.
5 percent.
So they just, they can't handle rednecks.
49.
4 percent.
Haitians and guess who was the most beloved of all?
I'll give you one.
You're welcome.
To make rooms, man.
Only 16.
We'll all peep to it.
Apology.
1.3 percent.
And those cards said they just can't deal with the Jamaican.
And of course, everybody who does deal with the Jamaican.
That's why they like them so much, right?
This.
Okay.
And then what is that?
Where the hell did that come from?
Did you see that?
I saw it.
What the hell is this?
What's that all about?
I just played it.
I was sitting there.
And then all of a sudden, I know it came.
Did that.
Don't you crap?
Not looking too good.
All your bush people have a party.
Have a party.
It's looking pretty good for the bush, master.
Which I guess, it tells you a lot about how many dumb people are.
I don't think it's so much that bush is going to win.
It's that goal is going to lose.
Is that a good, a safe way of putting it?
In other words, I think that there are a lot of people out there who are just desperate,
who will be ecstatic to have an alternative.
The Democrats would have come up with a living and breeding candidate.
Did they come up with a living?
No.
They even go candidate.
No.
They come up with a wooden Indian.
And it's looking really bad.
The MSNBC pill, which was even steven, now shows bush with a lizard.
Two-point lead.
No.
Four.
Now CBS has got two.
Oh, that's a good one.
CBS has got a pair.
CBS had go ahead by a point.
And now the latest one out this weekend shows bush ahead by two points.
MSNBC, I believe it's four.
All of the other four show like two to four points, except of course for CNN,
or CNN, which there's gallop people that can't buy to the goal people.
They hit it all over the web to 11 points on Saturday.
10 points on yesterday.
Now it's nine points.
50 to 41 for bush.
So barring some last minute miracle, it looks like we're going to be getting bush for four
years.
Here's a lady mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
I kneel.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I just want to tell you how much I enjoy listening to you.
I have occasion to be on the road most of the weekend.
You are the great spot in my day, usually.
What does that tell you?
I just wanted to tell you something that happened to me last Monday night up in Boca.
I was on my way home from Palm Beach, got off a glaze road to make a business stop and
was obtained by five or eight deputies, slicing lights and on glaze road for Lieberman's motor
Caves.
The cars were back home all the way to 95.
And no one would say anything and we waited for six cars to go through for over 45 minutes.
I would only 45 seconds for him.
Yeah, no choice.
You were stuck in traffic.
That's unbelievable.
Well, just say no to Joe.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
We love you.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
I've got to put up with all these damn blockages.
I hate to break the news to you, but it doesn't seem like a concentration of power,
a concentration of guts.
It's the other than Senator from Connecticut.
Is he anything else?
No.
Besides an asshole.
Besides a wimp, he's only finally now.
Finally, they're starting to leak out the numbers from the advice presidential debate.
Did you see him over the weekend?
No.
More than two to one.
Well, it wasn't really a pull on the debate, but who do you think is best qualified if you
see any debate to be present?
Cheney, I was like two and a half to one.
What about Lieberman?
What is that saying?
Tells you number one.
He's a wimp.
Number two is a very weak debater.
Number three is Anthony and he just the air.
Just like I said, he let Cheney come across as a very reasonable, moderate guy,
which he's not.
Whoever the handlers are on this Democratic side, a pox on them.
Speaking of a pox.
Good news for the Panther organization.
I feel a change coming.
Not that I want to say that there's panic in the organization, but I have a feeling that they're
smitten their pants right now.
Six games, and they won a game yet?
No, yesterday the most last thought I would have to say.
And thank goodness that the World's Senior's game was on air last night because I'm sure
a lot of people have footed over there, including some who might have been watching the last
part of the Panther Minnesota Vile game.
Here's an expansion theme, which by my opinion is the worst team in the league, Minnesota
Vile.
I mean, there's just a week.
Did the Panthers win the game?
No.
Did they score a goal?
Oh, I mean.
And the reason being lack of talent.
There we go with that again.
Lack of talent.
For the five Panther fans who might have listening in the audience right now.
If it's not for Pavel Burial, they will.
Who's going to score goals on this thing?
Anybody know?
No.
I mean, the coach, TM, has already destroyed Victor Kuzloss' confidence.
He said, my every guy didn't mind the assembly line.
Nice goal on TM.
So that's the good news for the organization.
It looks like TM is going to be on a one-way bus to someplace else any day now.
You can just smell it.
If they don't start getting the right to get it.
And how many people are going to come out and pay?
This is wrong.
I'm always chastising people for not showing up.
It's what he means.
He uses the Panthers and the other teams.
What kind of a person in his right mind would pay?
$65 a pop.
Plus, we just placed it for concessions.
To go and see what we saw last night for free on television.
Is there anybody in his right mind would pay to see that?
No.
No way.
I take it so free.
Thank God.
That's right.
And even at that point, I'd have to motivate myself.
If they were playing instead of New Jersey, I'd win the Hero Charter.
He's very ugly, I would think.
If they were playing Minnesota here, when did they would I go to see that?
No.
I don't think so.
I'm starting to get like most of you now.
I'm starting to get bitter.
At least give us a show.
Give us something for our money.
Nine minutes after 10 to 5.
Sister, we got that book coming out.
There's some remaining book coming out.
1130 this morning.
The pressure is on his wing coming.
A little bit of a call back.
Hudson was out.
Four minutes.
Oh, four minutes.
He better get his ass over here with those square little burglars.
I'm going to start throwing stories about wings before we got fat again.
No question, the further we know the lucidies would have expressed ridden permission
of W201.
No.
That's right, I can't throw them for free.
That was a two hour blowjob.
You had a shooting at well and that's your stop.
Here's me.
Oh.
I'm going to get my ass kicked.
Oh.
I'm going to move my soul.
I'm hitting outside the head.
Oh.
I'm going to stand next to the bus.
I'm standing still in the blue sky.
Oh.
Get me.
Oh right.
I'm staying at a kick-mey and staying in a hockey Patrick frog.
Charge with domestic violence.
Beating up his wife and it's said her own salon.
Oh, that's a lot of pressure.
You know, after winning that the record breaking game and getting that big ceremony and they all showed up smiling and had that there.
I've gone to Patrick, you jackass, you frog.
Speaking of alien, what are other than the editor?
This is one of the all-time greats.
Ilyana Leon and Port St. Luçley in the heraldous morning.
Remember Ilyana and Volk says Ilyana.
I wonder she was easy as a castada.
Anyway, Ilyana says months of passing to the departure of Ilyana Gonzalez for which we can only say,
I like the Lord.
Thank you.
The undeniable truth is he was sent back to Cuba, back to Videl Castro, back to communism, and for those who believe in fairy tale endings back to his father.
As I surveyed Fort Balanced breakfast from my six-year-old Fort Balanced, she's probably serving by Christophe Plakes.
I was in public last night and it was a woman.
I don't want to, I mean, she could have been any, but she reached over by the cereals and picked up a big box of Fort Blakes.
Now, I'll keep you wrong.
I like Fort Blakes and you want to know why because they're pure sugar.
I don't eat Fort Blakes.
It's candy.
It's candy.
If you want to feed your kids, Fort Blakes, or any of the other 95% of the cereals that are nothing but sugar, which you mean like churches, is nothing but candy, go ahead.
Fort Balanced my ass, okay?
Back to you.
Yeah, that too.
I wonder how Ilyana is morning is fearing.
So Ilyana, obviously, needs a life.
She's got a six-year-old kid, which you already won a lot more about her own six-year-old, but she wonders about Ilyana.
Is he happy?
Maybe he was one of the lucky ones who gets to eat on a daily basis.
Or you hear that? They don't eat every day in Cuba.
That's the one on me.
He gets to eat us.
Now, of course, not like three meals or two meals in, but like maybe a little, uh, rule.
Huh?
It's a slow.
A little rule, one's with soul.
Or, if you'd like all the other children, Cuba walking along with a hit full of Marxist propaganda and a growling stomach.
Shut up, Ilyana.
Now, here's the guy.
Here comes the person who caused me to cut this other paper and circle this paragraph.
Are there days, yearns for a happy meal?
Or has he progressed reprogramming your race to memory of his time in our country?
So Ilyana, evidently, he is a yearning for a happy meal, and that's based on what you write to your country.
That's what he should be remembering. He's been programmed out here. Remember those have.
He's probably having unhappy meals now.
The Guru on the stool.
I mean, some of you people are certifiable, baby.
Some of these people are obsessive, compulsive.
Let it grow already, okay? Feed your kids something useful.
Give them some goddamn pizza for breakfast and stop feeding them that sugar.
What's wrong with pizza for breakfast?
Did you get any pizza?
As long as you don't have sugar in the sauce, what's wrong with that?
Who died and left a message for us somewhere?
We're in the Bible, as it said, they have to eat pancakes and eggs and waffles and cereal in the morning.
Where was the logic in that?
Huh?
How about like that, Kansas?
I'm ice protein meal in the morning.
How about a steak?
How about a couple of white hearts? Sounds good to me.
Come on, hurry it up over there, Hudson.
Sounds good to me, excellent.
Foolishness.
It goes to show you how programmed we are.
Oh, I don't know, I have steak for dinner but in the morning I would never eat a steak.
Why not?
Steak the eggs?
It's for what?
Why eggs?
I mean steak and eggs are fine.
I think it's for the story of a typical breakfast thing.
No, why not have eggs for dinner?
Why not have a big, beautiful omelette for dinner?
Okay.
Huh?
Sorry about that, Lou.
How is omelette?
Here's baby, hello.
Let's see him do it, Lou.
Baby?
She tried to take her collar to here and they disappeared.
And so here's a medallion for a lot of it, hello.
Really?
Yes sir.
Yeah, the N.S.N.D.C. pole is God be.
It's only two points, not four points.
Oh, sorry.
C.D.S.N.D.C.
2 points, ADC.
3 points, Washington Post.
Two points.
One of them for the point is every pole has busher head now.
God, very, very slightly.
Secondly, let me say it again.
Every pole has got busher head.
I mean, I realize that you're the chronic that keeps calling me about these poles.
You're like that, sir.
Why?
Mr. Zabi said in his press release that birth at the goal one yesterday's calling, the
goal is the head of the incendiary calling and that when he asked undecided, they're leaning
towards the goal.
Okay.
Also, in news week's poll, more registered voters support goal 45-42.
Yeah, but these are likely voters.
Registered means nothing if they're not going to be motivated to vote.
Well, right.
Then the question is, what is a likely voter?
And some of the questions they use to define a likely voter are, did you vote for the
vote?
No, let me answer you.
Are you trying to talk to yourself into believing this or not?
Because it sounds like it's a man.
I don't want to knock you.
It sounds like you're trying to convince yourself something that you really don't believe.
Ah, do believe it.
Because I think that if you're actually being held right now, I think Bush is in.
Listen, really clear something.
You've had in Texas by 30 points.
Don't you think that's used to pull?
So I'm going to wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Go ahead and move your up by 25%.
Don't you think that's used enough?
He's not having to buy 25 points.
In New York?
No.
What was it now?
It's 15.
Ah, you said it's not really.
Bush is up and swimming Wyoming by 40 points.
In his states that he's winning, he's up by large margin.
I don't understand, you remember that all of them?
It's not the way the poor works.
They don't take the people based on the states that they're from, the poor's work based on individuals.
What were the things?
You know what the point is going to count as these the one on election day.
Let me give you a point where you can get that.
Can I ask you a question, did you leave for us to place this morning?
No, I don't need for us to do it.
Okay, because you saw what he, like a box of frosted plex.
1821 North Federal Highway.
You can pick up gold bumper stickers, more yards.
What's that?
Yard candles.
Oh, yard candles, yeah.
How about your side candles?
1821 North Federal Highway and Hollywood.
All right.
I mean Hollywood and Fort Lauderdale.
No, it's in Hollywood.
You said Fort Lauderdale before.
You didn't write.
1821 North Federal Highway and Hollywood.
Okay, go get some shurios and come back.
Hey, some shredded wheat.
That's the good food, isn't it?
No, it's processed, the clapping and processed grains.
Bad for you.
I'm going, I'm going to go in with a fanatic acting thing now.
I read him, I was reading a book, one of his 85 books last night.
The what about the aging, the anti-aging that has the diet and the hood and the vitamin?
I'm telling you, it's scary what we do to ourselves.
What they were allowing them to do.
Well, of course, most of you don't care.
It's a very boring thing.
So I won't talk about it very much.
But I'm just going to tell you that right now,
I haven't lost eight pounds in life, week and a half,
and feeling much better for it.
Though I saw much better, I do to me.
I saw that I make a lot of sense to me all the time.
Even when I'm fat, I make a lot of sense to me.
Eight pounds.
I mean, I'm not as slim as Georgia's yet, but I'm getting there.
I'm getting real close to moving into that next compartment there on the scale.
5670560, anybody else out there who are joining for a happy meal?
Huh?
Isn't that a sign of a happy kid as a happy meal?
And a happy, what is in a happy meal?
She's broke her fries in a...
Poison!
Poison! Poison! Poison right there to fries!
Oh, can't say right now.
Poison! Poison!
And a freaking pea, baby.
Poison!
And we'll forget the soda.
I'm sorry, pop.
How about a diet pop?
Can we have a diet soda?
And please never order that for your kid.
Because we don't have all that arsucar in it, huh?
Sucro?
And caffeine.
Caffeine?
That's right.
Look through it up on a caffeine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're killing yourselves.
And you know something, nobody at first going to be out there right now, Kirst.
But when you get to be old and decrepit in your body starts falling apart, and you might
have with all these degenerative diseases you're going to say, how come nobody ever told
me about this that I was killing myself?
Well, I'll tell you about it right now.
God damn it.
See, I'm just loaded.
I'm more full of it today.
I'm waiting for that's looked to come out about an hour and a half whenever it's going to be.
And then we're going to say, all you naysayers out there that said George couldn't do it.
He couldn't pull it off.
Believe me, he pulled it.
And the show, too.
He pulled his weight, which he wouldn't say much these days because he weighs about eight pounds now.
Soking wet.
But he did it and you'll see.
Of course, I was back for the ass end of the toe.
I kind of like drag it down a little bit.
Oh, he's not back, is he?
No, because I was job taped, huh?
Oh, yeah, where were you did a pull on that?
I could.
And of course, we had the whatler, Cuba and the pork, the prop and Cuba.
Right.
And that's because of bluff, Lindsey and Greg Reid because we had a bunch of cheap assholes running
this place.
We wouldn't pay Joe Castello.
So we had a bunch of tapes.
We had two tapes.
Now, hopefully since it's only a still October and we got to wait until the end of June, you think that maybe there's enough time in the
either of them that they might actually pay Joe or somebody to come in and put together some paper.
Are they doing that?
Yeah, right.
Get somebody to pay.
Yeah, right.
We're on that.
That's the only tape they got.
Joe has lots of extra hours.
Yeah, Joe's got a lot of time.
I'm just wondering how much getting this ass in here and letting them sit down and put some good tapes together.
They've already heard the one about the Pope and the one about the Cuban.
6,000 fricking times.
Okay.
We all points today that you run those tapes.
You jackass.
You silly goose.
Here's a mobile and fort water deal.
Hello.
Okay, thank you.
Here's a mobile and the most time.
Hello.
Hey, that's a big brother doing the propaganda in the early years in grade school with the four food groups.
That's where all that junk food came from.
Made it creative.
How about these parents?
I think the parents who are feeding all these sugar laden cereals to their kids.
I think those people ought to be in jail.
They're all the drug people out.
And let the God damn the serial people go in there.
Huh?
You know, you know.
Well, let's work on it.
Let's start a God damn campaign.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless light.
You better talk fast because we got 600 hours of dolphin crap on here today.
I guess I must be the only one I watched that pathetic hockey game last night.
You all flowed to Panthers.
Yeah, hour.
You're in the Minnesota vile.
Oh my God.
Wow.
The Panthers, you got a power play.
Seven of the last 10 minutes in the area in the food period.
Five minute major and another minor.
Seven of the last 10 minutes.
And the only real scoring chances in those 10 minutes were for the other team.
Three great scoring chances.
Nice going to Virdo Longo.
I believe that saved even more embarrassment.
If it wasn't for Roberto, they would have lost that game.
To a girl's team.
And they would have been real embarrassing.
And TM probably wouldn't have come back on the goddamn plane.
They probably stuck his ass on a bus.
Yeah, you can almost smell it.
Can't you?
I'm really boys on a big bus out of town.
Because not too many people are going to be spending big bucks to go watch this crap.
In birsen.
I'm humiliated for.
And like I said, lack of talent.
If you put in the big sports right there, more and more and more.
I think it's more ice time than anybody that's been very for quite a while.
Here's what you guys get paid $9, $10 million a year who's in a coma, by the way.
And here, the big sports is getting more ice time than he is.
Maybe you can explain that to me, somebody.
Here's a model in Davy.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Rio.
Yes, I am.
How you doing?
All right.
Okay, I'm going to work for Porsche.
Okay, you big mighty Kong?
No, boy.
Okay, here we go.
I'll let you see.
You got the Cubans upset now.
You got them upset with that pull.
And now, in the beginning, you want to understand why you're offended by them.
Why they bug you?
They bug me hell out of me.
Some of them.
That's a good looking one.
Here's a member in Davy.
Hello?
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir?
The top days of big Porsche are out of it.
Yeah?
I voted on your poll this weekend?
Yes, I have a suggestion.
Which are the most annoying drivers?
Yeah, we did that.
Where we did that?
What you did?
Yeah, the old Jews.
Oh, hands down.
How about the Yuppie women in Big SUVs?
Okay, let's put them on the S1m.
Thank you.
Here's our poll for today since this guy's pulling intensive.
In a lot of calls, he would just better for Monday morning.
I guess they don't want to feel bad in this Monday, which is okay with me.
I noticed the Harold endorses Bill Nelson for the US Senate.
Hey, you fool.
And Miami, Harold, I always thought I'd like to hear.
As opposed to the guy named Sun Centrel and endorsed E. Clay Shaw against the lane, Bloom.
Many people of the Sun Centrel, are you fooling anybody?
Oh, you Chicago Tribune right wing fools?
E. Clay Shaw.
You should only rot at the Sun Centrel.
And you noticed little Bob Tom Jickey.
He's probably back in town.
I was wearing all these big columns about TV crap.
Doesn't wait about radio ever.
And he just happened to be out there in LA, just coincidentally,
when the station at the Spring Book came out,
remember the best book in history?
In the modern era, history of QA and M and the show also?
So we didn't give one word about him at the Sun Centrel.
Now that the summer book's going to come out,
would you be okay, I guess, but probably down some up.
Now he'll write about how he went down.
See, Tom gets a free pass because he hangs out of the track
with B4 and Hank and Eddie Kaye with all the attractive
generations.
So we get to free pass, he gets away with it.
You're not fooling me, Tommy.
You thought his punch was not good, it's great.
What are you doing from the Clark Athletics Center
at the University of Massachusetts in Boston?
I'm Jim Lehrer.
I'm gonna use our PBS.
And I welcome you to the first of three.
Nine minute debates between the Democratic candidate
for President by President Al Gore and the Republican candidate,
Governor George W. Bush of Texas.
Let me just say that Jim, if I could just quickly want me to move on.
Yes sir. I know that.
I said, Jim, I said, Jim, let me say something.
I understand, but I have to excuse myself.
Jim, I can't just accept that.
Can I make one of the points?
One quick thing.
So these are your rules.
I'm doing the best of you.
We're re-owned with the three and a half.
I have no problems with it.
We want to have a quick response and we'll move on.
We're already so almost five minutes on this.
All right.
The President is going to be so late.
Wait a minute, he's just going to be full.
Just briefly, Jim, I know.
Thank you, Governor Bush, Vice President Bill.
See you next week.
And for now, some balls in on Jim Lehrer.
Thank you, and good luck.
Like I told you, it's a pure power.
And you can smell it a million miles away.
Here's the fact that it says, just to show you the intelligence of Bush voters,
I'm 95 there.
There was driving an audience.
And asshole comes up tailgating and honking his horn.
Then pulls around side of me, almost running me off the road.
Sticking his thumb down and disapproving and taking off really fast.
Noticing his bumper sticker, burst chainy on his car.
I realize he must have seen my goi sticker on my car.
He must have real intelligence almost killing me,
so I don't know that he's voting for a moron.
How do you like that?
Kind of poor, poor, I'll say.
That would be like one of those assholes with a,
and I'm seeing more and more of those fish things on a car.
I just want you to be with the gephilphate in the middle of it,
which I like a lot.
Oh!
You have a fish symbol.
You got a word on your street.
I don't care if you want to believe in fairy tales,
be my guest.
Why do you have to slap us in the face with that on your car?
Huh?
How about let's come up with some kind of an atheist symbol and put on the car?
So all those good-loving religious people can drive up like this other bush guy
and the practically driver's off the road.
God.
Oh, sorry.
Here's our poor for today.
Which is the most important issue to you?
Abortion rights?
Education.
Gun control.
Social security.
Or taxes.
And I have to, if I can inject my own two cents here.
I have to really laugh at all these people including young people now using an excuse.
But while social security, and we want to invest in a market,
there's something, the idea that social security is a major issue to anybody
except all five on social security, it's so ludicrous.
Talk about being brainwashed.
Talk about grasping for straws.
Granting for a something we need, God-run.
Which is the most important issue to you?
Abortion rights?
Education?
Gun control?
Social security?
Or taxes?
That's not taxes.
Taxes.
And George did not do his homework to not watch the Glock on the company.
I feel bad about that because if you ever saw it just once,
that bit that you think you're so funny, and I really have no idea why I've never saw the show,
would be a thousand times funnier.
Because it's right on target.
It's beautiful.
It's perfect.
Here's the mobile leg worth.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Yes, Neil.
I wanted to talk about women's rights to have a baby or not.
Yeah.
And they always say about small government and keeping government out of the lives of people.
But it seems that Bush does obviously see it that way.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thank you.
Was that profound at what?
No.
Hmm.
Hey, look at that.
I said, I asked if a few points to the house of 113.
That's Barton Biggs that they put on CNBC this morning from Morgan Stanley.
He's enough to make me sell my Morgan Stanley stock.
All right.
Uh, the next I got a lot more work to do on the downside.
Nice.
He knows that 2500.
CNBC, man.
He put AirBs on the world and that kid on 60 minutes last night,
the one that was doing the stock things into his 13.
Any bellies ugly.
But nonetheless, I'm going to start calling him up for stock tips.
And George is a part of, well, you know, I know what things really grow up.
I'm going to start calling him up for the $5P with lawbreakers.
Lord Glamourized lawbreakers.
He was doing nothing any different.
In fact, far to a smaller degree than these fakers that they put on CNBC every goddamn day,
who come on there peddling stuff that they have their own interest in for their own phone and profit.
And just like all these fakers that put out these newsletters,
are all full of crap, pushing the stocks of their friends and the stocks that they got money in to try to boost them up to make a quick killing.
No one means that the Georgia's pissed off of that kid because the kid is 16 years old.
And he made a half a million bucks actually made 800,000, and George is jealous and so she's most of us paid.
In fact, that'll be a good part of the question later in a week.
Who would you rather have as your stockbroker, that kid Jonathan that was on 50 minutes last night,
or Mitch Rotton, maybe over there?
God almighty.
I don't want to say, Mitch Rotton, with all the respect to the member of Sonny.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, what's up, Liam? How you doing, sir?
All right. Listen, I watched that game yet, but it was terrible.
Terrible. The only good thing about it is what you said,
they're probably going to get fired.
Terry Murray is on the way out. They won't pay for him. They even see there's no effort.
Yeah, you can see that the players are very frustrated.
You know, what you said, we don't have very much talent. That's a foul.
I would like to know where are the extra, I mean, Igor Laryanov has played like a 90-year old man.
There was a bad mistake putting him up there and sticking Kuzlop off that line.
I'd like to know where are the experienced veterans who can really play.
It's one thing to be, you know, you've got guys like a brain with you with their proven,
but other men who are the experienced veterans who are going to put the biscuit in the basket.
I mean, what Yokeenin is looking a little bit better, and then Shwicky, he's only 20 years old.
Well, that's fine, but who are the other players who have already accomplished something,
and who can score for us? I don't see them. I don't see this thing.
There's nobody on that team. And the goal is to save the game, actually.
Yeah, that's right. Because he's great.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been if he wouldn't have played as great as he did,
and they were with a little loss to this gross team?
Yeah, it was pretty pathetic.
I hate to think what New Jersey will do to this team on Wednesday.
I'd less stay wake up, which I'd down.
It'll be ugly.
Did you see Clemens doing that back out, the outfit?
Yes, I did.
What a scumbag.
He is a scumbag. Roger Clemens, great picture, but a real scumbag. He's an asshole.
And then he's got a good week, but that is okay, you two.
And then he goes off for a half year to the half and he's like pounding as hell as my fault.
That's your fault because you're an asshole, Roger.
He takes the broken piece of the bat like a spear.
Roger Clemens is a spear-shocker, baby.
And he's chucking at Mike Piazza, which I hate to say this because I have watched a little bit, including the end of game number one.
Went to bed before the end of the game last night. Thank God.
But I'd like to know, other than Mike Piazza and Al Wider, who is the met Scott?
How the hell have they met in the world, so is that an understanding?
Cool. That team is the richest guy, damn team of no-names and no-names.
And that's a crap team.
So the fact that the Yankees are going to win and force to win again, which is getting pretty ponderous.
Best team that money can buy, George.
Not you, George.
Here's a model in Bokeh. Hello.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Bush people are getting all upset. Here's a model in Miami, hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? You live in... I love you, sir. You're the best.
Yeah.
Listen, I have a message for the people that love the Bush.
It's very worth for him. They might have just taken a plane and they've taken up the rest.
They can't stop walking.
Take a what?
What do you say, take a what and shove it up there?
Take a plane, too.
Well, plane, plane and shove it up there, eh, sir.
And for those, of course, who don't live in plant teaching like I do.
Bush, come on.
I'm sorry, face, man.
It's what he's trying to say.
560, 0560, 0560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless. I'm getting some good intellectual calls
here this morning. Just like you like to start it.
Now, wouldn't it be a nephew you have to say to you during that conference you had in there?
Did he give us any new numbers?
Let's go ahead and get numbers, too.
Don't you get one?
The totals.
And if they go on out, there's that going to be like a once-a-week thing that he gave me a song at all.
We're going out every day this week with a van.
Hey, what are we going to do this year?
I don't know.
All talk.
Not much action, all talk.
Just like the thing about the key chains.
Well, I'm going to be totally over going to be.
Okay. So here's the deal.
Our best of the cities in Kusev.
Our inspects all over South Florida, the big bar of Palm Beach and Naples and Fort Myers.
The cities you can get neo-wages.com, I mean, the key chains.
And the cities in Kusev.
neo-wages.com or wqam.com.
And I was mentioned to George Rilly about the fact I'm so excited about never doing any more of those appearances again.
I mean, never again.
Last night, if you saw 60 minutes, they had a segment on about these just hit-lorean thing that they do now.
The people selling their eggs and the sperm donors, no, you know, matching up.
And it's insanity is what it is.
And they showed one of the sky, who's in Murg, who's like a big Murg where I was blown up supposed to be.
And there's got like, oh, I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's very bright. He's very bright.
And he's one day product.
And then they had to pull the material to that can't speak.
Tragedy.
How was that going with that?
Oh, I was talking about the remotes.
But the appearance of the like, yeah.
Tragedy, that guy reminded me so much of so many of the people that we see.
Yeah, like when I'm in public, so I go to hockey games and a lot of people who are listeners come up.
And they're just like every day ordinary people.
If I ever believed that the whole audience was filled with a,
just the people who call the show or be, just those people who show up at those remotes,
I had to have to leave. I couldn't deal with it.
I couldn't look at the mirror.
The Fanny Pack guy.
The Fanny Pack guy and the guy with the eyes and the Ken Block junior guy.
And it goes both, oh, I mean, I'm not saying that there aren't some nice people at show up for those appearances.
One or two.
I mean, some of these people must have under even more collections of those dumb picture cards by now.
There must be a, making a telephone book with them or something.
Huh? Maybe they have a photo album.
Give me a break. No more that crap ever again.
Our shipping and handling in our time period of campaigns being donated by Pat Mehl Center's American 95 Road and Plantation.
We should mention again, and we thank them profusely.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQA.
But Mehl Roger shows sports radio.
Five sixties.
A few.
Hey.
So, I've already been down out there.
So, I'm never get there.
Not so straight feeling.
Well, you know, when we tired of that endless professional bade coming back to your pardon that you're not at the club looking for nothing but sex.
Well, I have often wondered what it would be like to wake up next to a big, scrapping Harry man,
that amounts to afraid of, you know, a boy, you two?
No. From the makers of OB tampons, it's all a boy's depositories.
The old boy's depository? How about help?
Use your imagination, Timmy.
It's a self-expanding depository.
Really use of the old boy's shirt to leave me your fears.
Wow. So, if I, every day, stand after time,
I'll be ready to jump into without fear of it.
Exactly. Oh boy.
From the makers of OB.
It's 1043 at 560 WQM.
Here's a joke that I'm going to have to clean up a little bit.
All over, we want to get the FCC out of that other shape.
Just keep in mind that another word for rooster is cock, okay?
Let it go. Just like, okay, keep that in mind, too.
I'm not going to keep repeating it because then they'll get upset.
A priest lost his pet rooster and couldn't find it no matter how many times he checked around his parish.
Frustrated, he decided to bring it up during his Sunday Mass.
From the property, he asked loudly, anyone got a f*** all the men inside the church stood up.
No, I mean, is anyone seen a f*** all the women inside the church stood up?
No, no, what I really mean is anyone seen my f*** all the other boys stood up.
That's got a cue, huh? Nice job there.
I say so myself.
Sanitizing at WFCC.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Any other going? All right.
Hey, I, little something that shows you about the voters for Bush.
There are one of two things.
Are there a fetus hugger or are there ignorant?
I was speaking to one the other day, actually arguing with one.
And he was trying to tell me that there's no way that Bush could have abortion illegalized.
And we like putting it behind it.
Putting two or three more Lawrence Thomas's on the subpoena court won't do it.
I mean, I'm not going to blame that tone, but he kept telling me that there's no way that the president can have that power to do that.
And that's my point.
Are there either fetus huggers or they're just pigna?
This is don't know enough about power takes for government to know any.
Well, we can consider it keeps saying that over and over again.
I'm not going to change it.
And the fact is that the guru is not inspiring the base to your democratic base.
And I'm afraid a lot of people are going to sit on the ranch and are going to come out.
And it's not that Bush is good because he's a moron.
If the Democrats are aware, we're running a really weak campaign and a weak candidate, two of them.
I agree that we're running a very weak campaign.
We need to get some more ads out there and get some more.
Well, one of the answers is, well, because the election is two days from tomorrow.
Last time I checked.
Yeah, it's just full of things unbelievable.
One thing, did you put the job locker at the psychiatrist thing for me?
Okay, thanks.
Two.
Okay, 500 open lines here today.
I don't know what happened.
We had a few people on there, most of them, like that, the Bush people, your people, most of them, surely Cubans.
My call on that stuff, which of course continues to be their contribution to this program over the last 25 years.
I've thanked them profusely for it.
To you.
5667-0560-050560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of town, 877-785.
Look at that.
Here's a call on the other panel lines from Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
Okay.
I'll tell you, I'm in my mid-40s.
I've been in every year.
It seems like the choices have been, they've got all of us through each one of these parties.
It becomes like a non-choice.
If these guys were the founding fathers, we'd still be under British control.
Because they couldn't start a country.
It's just, it is nauseated to think that I'd have to vote for either Bush or Bush.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I just, I'm fond of it.
And I just can't, I can't see any redeeming, anything redeeming with either one of them.
And I don't know about voting for one of these third parties again.
I feel like it's on my vote away.
Yes.
So I don't know.
It's just pitiful.
Okay.
Well, thanks for assuring you the first question with us.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AK&P, and Verizon wireless lines.
So that's the make you want to blow your brains out, isn't it?
I'll just leave that car depressing.
Here's a mobile allegedly in New York City.
Hello.
Hi.
Yeah, huh?
Like I said, for your easy-to-do agent's money, why didn't you believe it?
Well, so we've already heard it eight million times, okay?
You should explain, go find your boyfriend in Dittelman or something.
You were something useful, something instructive.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AK&P.
In fact, how come these people aren't with me in the volume on D?
We're going to report you, okay?
You're supervisor if you don't come to Crap.
Take a look at your garden in Green Stance, your Green Card, and whatever else you got.
And you're Gwaya Billas, too.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Nailed.
This is Danny, a fellow Cubby fan.
Hi.
I just got a problem with...
Oh, Cubby fan.
Oh, yeah.
Die hard.
I got a problem with my orange trees.
These people came through to my place, to my house, about six weeks ago.
Yeah.
My orange trees were fine.
Now they're all dead.
I know they're trying to eradicate these things.
I mean, they...
This is a bacterial...
Well, then, let me put it to this way, Danny.
Listen to these words of wisdom.
Very carefully, okay?
That should be your worst problem.
That's my message to all your people including George.
I've thought about it.
I read about the fact that while today and tomorrow they gave you a reprieve,
and then they're going to come back with double vengeance.
Okay, well, it's a police state.
There's no way the government works.
This should be your worst problem.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
See, I don't have any citrus trees, so I don't care.
Oh, that's selfish.
That's right.
I don't care.
I have my Malone Lucas.
I spent a lot of money.
I have him cut down.
They should all be cut down.
In fact, that's what the guy named State ought to be doing.
Instead of cutting down people's guy named citrus trees,
they ought to be cutting down every Malone Lucas tree.
They're trying to make up for the injustices that they've done,
poisoning the year and polluting and giving you all these guy named allergies.
That's what they ought to be doing.
Here's a lady in Tamarack.
Hello.
Lady in Tamarack.
What is your going on with this phone here today?
Something bizarre.
It was been hurting me up.
It didn't sound like it.
Did the lady sound it peculiar?
There was a hang up on that line.
Trust me what I tell you.
Just remember.
How's wine six doing, by the way?
Is that thing got fixed?
Oh, wine six is still out of order.
BROF and case anybody in the building wants to do anything about it
for the eight-minute day in a row.
Wine six don't work.
I just mentioned that in passing.
In case anybody in engineering wants to get with a phone company
and do something about that this year, which is getting close to the end.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
And now, yes sir.
This morning in the Palm Beach Post,
they got a thing about this high profile scumbag lawyer Gary.
He's going to push for reparations for slavery.
He says the nation will be better off for having the deal with this issue.
Why are you wasting your time?
I'm just saying that I don't know how you're going about pushing on.
So, what?
I got a phone on this thing that's going to come there with some kind of fruition.
Sir, did you wait too many corn flakes since you had the apple blasted?
Okay, okay, we'll go get it out of your system.
Did something happen on the weekend that he started with
Pecker up going again this weekend?
Because I have a feeling that they are all nuts again today.
I have that.
Could be wrong.
Could be just me.
I feel great.
I feel pretty good today.
I've got some great, got some prison vinegar, some energy.
And I'm sitting here talking to a bunch of women and women like that.
This guy's worried about reparations.
Maybe I've got that confused with the part of it.
I think we're going to be starting that in a couple of weeks.
5.6705.60, 05.505.60.
And I told her there's nothing wrong with black seven.
Any part of the back of the bus that they want.
What's wrong with that?
Right side, left side, even on the floor.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, now.
Yes, sir?
Yes, sir.
I just want to say that George Bush reminds me of 20 Gardner in the movie being there.
Are you familiar with that movie?
No, I'm not.
Maybe bring it up to the audience.
I think I've got to kick out of this.
Okay, bring it up to the audience.
Okay.
George, you want to bring that up to the audience?
Huh?
5.6705.60.
Seriously?
Are we going to talk to anybody under the age of 100 today?
No.
No, no, no, no.
Mighty, all your earth fights get out of here.
Go away!
You're boring.
You're terminal.
You're what's wrong with this goddamn town.
I've been telling you that for years.
And I'm serial.
You're what's wrong with this place.
You're cladgy and you're old and you're disgusting and you're boring and you're terminal.
You're repetitive.
You're nausea and you smell bad.
And you're like the embanked smells bad.
It's a reflection.
You can smell it going away to the phone.
Go wash it out.
Jesus Christ.
Here's what's called the each other.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
I was talking about a push-and-religious system.
First thing I'm wise, you didn't talk about that much.
How much money do you want to waste the taxpayers' money?
Push-and-what?
On having something that doesn't even work.
Is what system?
For risk of knifle.
Yeah.
You want to spend during good hours on the awards.
I'm sorry, but he's got a lot of friends at business.
That's correct.
Now you're catching up, pal.
I said we'd clear a more terrible term next week.
We don't even discuss either.
Every time something mentioned with Bush or Gore, we just...
It's a zappomat because it's boring.
I mean, we've heard all the same crap over and over again.
You're not going to change anybody's mind.
This is supposed to be an entertainment show.
Is this entertaining?
Not to me.
It's not.
It's painful.
It's freaking painful.
Just like that kid that calls every goddamn day, the call already the first call today,
would just think about the push.
And like I said, all he's trying to do is talk himself into it.
I'm going to tell you again, punk.
And that is that the election we held in five minutes from now, Bush is going to win.
God damn it.
We're going to like it or not, which I don't.
But that's the fact.
Oh yeah, but Mr. Zagbi said that.
And Mr. Pupik said they are right.
Uh huh.
What's he going to be saying when the election is all over?
Well, maybe Mr. Zagbi is saying when he should have Zagg.
Maybe that was the problem.
That could be it.
I'm getting just put into a coma from this.
I say, let's go back to the alien.
That was the least exciting.
So God bless that lady from whatever she was from Proport Zing loosely.
For writing that stupid letter to the editor of the Hill,
so gratuitously put it in this morning about maybe there are days he's yearning for a happy meal.
Oh God.
And you know something.
I think she's got a thumb on it though on the pulse of America.
That's probably the biggest difference is over there.
She isn't getting no happy meals unless they start open.
Maybe if we just get a few Mickey D's over there, that might do it right.
Yeah, that might make life a lot more pleasant over there.
Sure, give them a lot of shorter lifespan.
Let's start poisoning the people of she.
Please.
Here's a mobile and green acreage.
Hello?
Hi.
Yes, my opinion on these people, though I want to vote it's great.
I always think you should let somebody else decide your life for you.
Yeah.
And that's good.
Okay.
Brilliant.
32 votes so far, which is the most important issue to you.
17 education 12 taxes.
Abortion rights, seven gun control for social security only two.
See what I'm saying?
Social security appear.
And all these fools out there talking about, well, I like that thing with investing.
I can make more than 2%.
Yeah.
Talk like the matured.
You can make more than 2%.
And this Barton thing.
You know, the people I hit on this morning on CNBC, if they're right,
some of these people, you're better off to put your money in CDs, at least it's guaranteed.
If the market was so weak that we're only going to be making 78%.
Why not take the CDs with more risk?
I'll take 7% guaranteed.
Thank you.
Where he's talking about 10-year treasury bonds, which I think is what?
9% something like that?
I'll take it right now, as opposed to all the guy that I'm on paper that I'm losing.
Make sure.
How's that shit trick, you know, by the way?
I'm still taking a big dump.
And that Echo Stars is taking a big dump.
They're all full of crap.
They're all making money touting to you.
Is there no different than touts at the racetrack?
I keep telling you that because I'm trying to get...
Like George, thank goodness he forgot about opening up his emirator account over the weekend.
That's one good piece of news in the middle party.
We're having a ratings party and also celebrating the fact that George didn't buy any stock yet,
which we're very excited for him about that, because he'd be a crazy person to do it, especially now,
although that was up on 14th and then as I stepped up to 32th.
At the moment.
You think it'll be the same as 405 this afternoon?
No.
I doubt it.
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Yes, sir.
I must say I've waited about 22 years to finally call you.
I'm sorry, it took so long.
That's okay.
But I've enjoyed you for that long and I'm sure you've been out of here a long time.
25.
You missed a good one.
How long in Miami?
25 years next March first.
Wow.
My full time.
Okay.
My question.
It's completely off of politics as I understand.
Please.
Can't stand the topic.
What's your take on development out West?
Are you fully development?
Of course not.
An attack.
It's got to stop now.
This minute.
I agree.
Is there any organizations that have started to devote against development or trying to fight development?
No.
They're just too powerful.
You can't stop it, man.
Wayne is going to build a...
He's building the stadiums in Middle-Beverdway this year.
It's amazing when you're driving from...
In RX27.
You don't see anything from RX27 and you look across the way there and five miles away.
You can see his National Car Rills center just standing in the...
There you go.
It's enough to make it peel.
Okay, well, good luck to his pal.
Hey, thank you, Neil.
And have a great life.
Keep it a good work.
Okay, thanks.
Where the hell was that thing?
Oh yeah, the way they see this.
Group lines up for stadium pitch.
And guess who the leader of this group in Broward is?
His name is Paul Sallulolo.
And he also just happens to be Broward Chairman of George W's Presidential Campaign.
Yeah, how do you like that?
And he's also sucking a rowage on Henry.
He's got 40 to 50 people, and he ain't telling us who they are.
Who are getting together to try to work up another pony thing to put over on the public to build them a garden and baseball stadium.
And we need a new stadium here.
Oh no.
And let me say it one more time.
Absolutely not one penny of anybody's tax dollars in this town with all the goddamn things desperately screaming screaming for dollars.
That'd be good, sure.
Well, let's scream in for dollars.
Put that damn readjust right off the map.
Yeah, have these people on the air see who do the primal screen the robbers screaming for dollars.
Yeah, you win 100,000.
That would be excellent.
She was having a lot more interesting than a super-ligioner show.
So let's tell that I like religious.
He's a good guy.
We talked him on the show a couple of times.
He's good, but the big nail is taking about when we just who also was on CMBC this morning when he's the biggest thing going in America.
That tells you how desperate we are and why boat she's going to become present.
257 at 560 QAM.
Fort radio 560 W. QAM by having put Lutterdale up easily.
Broadcast group station had WQAM dot com or the world can beat that dead or me.
Hello Mr. Rocker.
How you doing?
I'm queer boys.
Excuse me?
First up, we will do the Ro-Shack test.
We'll say love when you roll your tongue like that.
All your boyfriend's a...
A senior?
Yeah, I got you.
Ro-Shack test is a...
Inblad as they say in English.
And I was showing these in Blad and you were telling the first thing that pops into your mind.
Yeah.
Come on, good.
What do you think this is?
I am a...
Oh, a miss?
Slesbon.
Okay, miss one.
In fact, it's a patient.
Alright, how about this?
About it down time right in the baloney poll.
In the next thing.
What, let's move along, shall we?
Let's try some word association.
I see a word and it tells me the first thing that pops into your head.
Here you go.
No, Mr. Acker, where am I?
I'm sorry.
Here we go.
Dog, Venus, Jack, microwave, the color of blue.
Eater, John.
Why don't we try waiting a moment before it, you respond, Jerk?
Mr. Acker, I really wish to be a friend.
What you got me on is cow stock.
You're mo?
What?
You fight boy?
John, I'm a nightmare.
I'm sure you are.
What's your white name, Chuck?
You know actually it's Gladys.
Yeah, you're Gladys sitting out to cheer up.
Thank you.
Come out of here.
Hey!
Why are you running?
Stop running, John.
John, are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
What about 4550 WPM?
We got Hank as a cheerleader today between two and five and then.
Then it starts baby.
Oh, 11,000 hours of pregame full play for the Dolphin Jets game at 9 o'clock tonight,
which of course we'll have.
And then after the game we got the Dolphin's point after.
What the hell is that?
Is that what they call a post game?
Now the point after it?
What's the point?
They're getting a lot more spots on it.
So from five and he has them till two in the morning, we're stuck in it for all we can get out of it.
And the Dolphin's two.
So that's a great thing we have to talk about today.
Should we clear a moratorium between the authority to listen to them all?
What else we're going to talk about?
Infection Haitians?
Huh?
Why not? Why not?
There's more chris in.
I have no problem discussing it, but there is no discussion.
There's a lot of boring people calling and saying the same boring things.
What's the point?
Repeating the same entire orbs stale crap over and over again.
It's like the candidates tired in orbs and stale and crap.
Here's Lotto Hill.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Now you seem to be disgruntled with politicians and stock brokers.
Yeah.
Well, don't you know the answer to that?
What is that, my ancient friend?
The answer is that they're basically like children's diapers.
They should be.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8, 8.
See, what's happening in this program?
This show is being destroyed by all these old parts.
They want to start taking us back to the days of WS News again.
Do we want to go back to the days of WS News all we have?
That's like that pair I took last week one day about going back to the topic.
That was just a joke.
That was a joke.
There is no chance that we're going back to Guest and Car Topics.
No matter how many is really sliced Palestinian broad, George grabs out of the closet when I'm not around.
I don't care.
That's fine.
Who can do whatever he wants.
I'm not doing that.
Talk about painful.
No, sir.
I'm not disgruntled with whatever you said.
I'm disgruntled with people like you.
Don't you understand it's you.
You're boring.
You're terminal.
You make my goddamn skin crawl.
Get a frickin' right.
See if you got a pulse.
Man.
I spent all those years talking to old people.
I was a babysitter for the dead and the near dead.
And I'm going to go back to that.
I don't think so.
No, not this week.
For any amount of money.
Well, here's a lady mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hi there.
Yes, ma'am.
I'd like to talk about social security.
No, God.
Not with me.
No, I don't.
Well, this is a real problem.
I, when I was in the early 80s.
You really want to talk about social security?
Yes, I do.
Well, I don't.
I don't.
See what I mean?
I don't think I'm not slow to catch out of this crap.
I've been doing this too long.
The day when I talk about social security,
or the day that I bring that spark to broad,
Debbie, whatever any word from social security,
that we stay on WS News.
See what I'm saying?
We're going back to WS News.
And what rhymes with WS News?
Lows.
Lows.
That's the rhymes with S News.
Lows.
If you snooze, you lose.
Absolutely.
Positively will not talk about frickin' social security
on the show.
Today, tomorrow, to reach from Sukkhas,
any other young people.
If I won't bid.
But if our kids,
don't you understand?
No, I don't.
83 votes on our poll,
which is the most important issue to you.
Education 36, taxes 20,
a Bosch and writes 13,
Social Security 8,
and gun control only 6.
Only 6, carabot gun control,
and the fact that this is a wild west in the slaughterhouse,
and the kid that bone into those brains out,
and kid who get in shot in school,
and people taking guns into church.
Only 6, carabot frickin' gun control.
So don't give me a solid answer about the in our way
and all of a sudden,
but only because you love the in our way.
You're upset with guns.
You're squeezing them.
You're yanking them.
Here's her spring, so.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Before we start, we had more authority on the election.
We talked about this.
This is the irony of the whole thing.
We got two white Americans,
male, born in the United States,
have to depend on the mechanism in California
and the Cubans in Toronto to get their food.
The men in the States.
No, they don't.
Well, no, they don't.
Goers going to win California by a landslide.
It's not because of the men again,
or whatever you said.
That's a Mexican.
Yeah, that's true.
Get out of here.
He's just what I just got through talking about.
Sir!
That's for you.
You're born.
You're terminal.
Didn't you say there was kind of interesting?
Did you find it interesting?
No.
I sure did.
And I found it fun with you.
You couldn't even pronounce it.
What do you call it?
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
, Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
and nasty as they are.
Any answers?
No, no.
We'll do it.
How young is two young?
No.
The Aflac casting call.
All right, Tom Broca.
I'm broke off.
Aflac.
Again, Tom?
Aflac.
One more time, Tom.
Aflac.
I'm losing a second part.
One more.
Next.
Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Yes, Mike Tyson.
Mike Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll say what I'm saying.
Aflac.
Again, Aflac.
Again, Aflac.
Next.
Jesse Jackson.
Aflac.
The Aflac.
Jesse M. Sorry, but the duck is white.
Next.
What do you, Alan?
She's nuts.
I mean, to duck the twerk.
Stay to the Scredmester, Alan.
It's crazy.
It's insanity.
Great to lie, please.
Why would a duck speak back?
Next.
The great Sean Connery, sir.
Welcome, sir.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Sir, just rate the line, please.
Aflac.
Excuse me, sir.
Again.
Aflac.
Sir, I'm sorry.
That second part of the line, I don't...
I'm simply saying.
Aflac.
Next.
Oh, God.
I guess you got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right.
Give it to him, Gilbert.
I want more time, Gilbert.
I want more time, Gilbert.
I want more time, Gilbert.
Pretty much.
I think you're terrible, but...
Yeah, of course, thing we got.
You got the jump.
What can you add to a row of the 560 WQM,
your hope of liberal, whiny, allotmentary,
what can you see the fact that I'm going to...
Let's come over right now.
560-505.
60.
Palm 560 on the A, T, T, and Verizon Wireless.
Now we have it a big ratings party today.
Big summer book is coming out.
George is going to be running around saying,
see, I did it.
I did it.
I did it.
And then Wayne Arnold is coming in...
And Hudson of the 1130.
Justin, time for them.
I'm just starting to come and ask you.
Rumor is that I'm here.
I don't want to get beat over all of a sudden.
Because you've just heard what I'm going to take you
to begin with and it's mother too, you mama.
But I'm here and that if the morning show goes down again,
this book that's part of the time start tomorrow morning,
six o'clock.
That's why I just heard that room at this morning right around the hallway.
Here's for up my hair as well.
And how are you doing?
Okay.
Good to talk here.
And this is one thing that you've always been as a good moderator,
I guess, of these shows and when you went away then?
Well, the guy controls.
And the one thing that you mentioned about not talking about these presidents
just woke me up because it's got to be over.
It's just been too much recadidiveness.
I'm 40 years old so I get some pretty young over here in Fort Myers.
One way to eliminate the abortion issue for sterilization.
So I think you're right on the money as far as these old people.
You see him standing around the clinics and the abortion clinics all over
Naples and what have you.
So I just wanted to let you know that my vote is we got to go on to something else.
Okay, anything else?
Anything else, even not aliens.
In fact, it has some good.
Have a great day, Pat.
Okay, good luck to us.
Here's that message.
It says, aha!
We are going to win the election week.
So why don't you just end your tie-way, bushes up in almost every state now.
And you have to almost take a stay now.
And it's going to be a lot worse come election day when you see how bad
Gorgets defeated.
Time to fumigate the White House.
Now we will own the House of the presidency.
And by the way, us, NRA, Bible Fump and Contributive Red X will piss all over your liberal dreams.
See you in November.
How do you like that, unsigned?
And a good one, I told you it was a good one, come over.
That's the mentality of dealing with leg neck, spiritual vision of leg neck,
they're widening on the House and they're taking over.
560.560, pump 560 on the 183.
And Verizon wireless line.
Here's Hollywood Beach, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay. Can you give me a little bit of that, sir?
Are you on Hollywood Beach or is that the just an aberration there?
Well, that is an aberration there.
It's an aberration there.
Okay.
It's going.
You sound okay.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm listening.
Okay, hey, I've heard signal rumors.
I heard a bad rumor and I hope it doesn't happen again.
I've been in use since I was a great drug child.
You're about going back to that 930, again.
Are you going to cut the first team back to like 930?
You're going to start at 930?
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
In fact, I'm taking 1030 sounds good.
Well, 1030 sounds good.
My 1130 sounds pretty good, too.
Hey, whatever I'm taking, what do we have in two?
What do we have in two, the Pops and then the Chuck Meyer?
What do we have in two?
The Pops.
Who the hell is it?
560, 7.0560, Pops 560 on the 18T.
I'm just going to provide you with a wireless line.
You know, the movement.
Clipping is through all of them.
They're just like lumping it together once.
That made it really easy.
Here's Pember Pine, hello.
Male, yes sir.
I forgot my question for you.
Are you going to miss on MTV Jackass?
No.
You haven't seen it?
No.
So you have absolutely no...
Yeah, I think you guys see it.
A few of us, like it's how Greenfam, you like the spruce that he does.
I think you'll appreciate it.
What is it on?
It's a 9, 9 o'clock on Sunday nights.
On what network?
MTV.
On MTV?
Yeah, it's a bunch of these guys, young guys.
You probably like watching them.
Really?
Ops, yeah.
20-5 years old.
And...
And what do they do?
And they just take like, blank some people.
Oh, I saw about the previous one that I saw about two minutes ago.
I don't know.
You don't like it?
I don't have to get out of this.
I think you give me some time.
I'll try it.
Okay, try it.
Okay, thanks.
Try your record.
Whatever happened at Tom Greenfam that they cut his nuts off,
but he's kind of like fit in the work and he was mirroring some of broads and the
joiler.
Are you a bear more?
Who are now?
Yeah, he wouldn't touch him.
How's that?
What about all those wounds in his mouth?
Come on.
I mean, I like Tom Greenfam, but now he's very...
He's very small in your patch.
Yeah, but that's almost as bad as Julia Robertson that's a lie on you, Robert.
Oh, God.
The both weeks, Tom and Julia.
And how about that brilliant kid that they had on last night?
Oh, God.
That product of the area and the breeding of farms that we were running.
Yeah, we were worried about those kinds of people.
How come we can't breed people who have got great intelligence and also who look very,
very good?
Why can't we do that?
I don't know.
We'll come and we'll be perfected.
But I think what happens is that when they...
You know, when they just don't turn out to whether you want, you just go flush them
down the throat.
I'll...
That's the...
The fetus hugters, they won't mind because once you're out of the room, they don't
care about you anymore.
They don't care about that big, he's once they're born.
They're just big into the fetus.
Here's a mobile in my...
In Miami, hello.
Hi.
Yes, I am.
How you doing, Neil?
This is great.
I got a change as far for you when it comes to what we're talking about today.
I've got a problem and I don't want to go to the psychiatrist.
No, you can help me.
I've got a problem with masturbation, I think.
Yeah.
I've been doing it for about 18 years right now.
It's a bit complicated.
Yeah, okay, great.
Keep it up.
5.670560, pound 560 on EAT and T in Horizon Wireless Line, out of town, 877.
Here's a call from Campo Edge, tell us.
Hey, I know.
Something that's been kind of left out in these debates back into the second debate
when they talked about Haiti and the weasel said he would not have gone into Haiti.
Yeah.
All right, in South Florida.
Do you think we're talking about infective patients?
There you go.
But in South Florida, that little piece of that snippet of that debate should be run
by the Gore campaign from now on because saying we wouldn't do into Haiti is something.
Well, let me ask you something.
What do we accomplish in Haiti?
What do we accomplish?
That you just had a broad bath of an election there, turned out to be fraudulent and they
got the, it's the same crap that they had before.
Well, I think the names have been changed.
We can't change there, but we stopped a half million Haiti's patients coming on to
South Florida's beaches.
Yeah.
So I think we're going to say that some detectives.
Well, maybe next time.
See ya.
Okay.
Read my lips.
More Haitians in Texas.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Out of power, we actually just had a call from Tampa.
It wasn't a good, but it was a call.
877-785-6345.
Anybody call in to tell me about a marquee player on the Metzby side?
Mike Piazza, now lighter?
No.
No, because they don't have any.
They suck.
Very weak.
Here's close.
Boy, here's a little slow today.
Here's plantation.
Look at that.
They touched basically this morning.
They touched it.
Yeah, sounds like it.
Sounds like he's still touching it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yes.
Love you so, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And yes, what?
Okay, let's go to a camera.
Hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say that it's in my opinion.
If Gordon loses, I think one of the reasons.
One of the reasons.
Hello.
Yes, I think one of the reasons is because what is one of the reasons?
Because of Lieberman.
I don't think Americans ready to vote for a Jewish fight.
I didn't do it.
Maybe if he wasn't so born and so off-finbatical, then it might be.
People with Lieberman.
But now you blame in the anti-Semites.
Okay, guess what, sir?
Wrong.
Nice try.
You see, if the Jews can't come up with somebody better to offer the Democratic Party,
can't come up with somebody better like old Levin there for Michigan, there's a lot
of Jews that will be better candidate.
He's not the one.
He is unlike what the Beach Boys said.
The Beach Boys are backstreet boys.
He's not the one.
Beach Boys, backstreet boys, all the same.
Okay.
560, 7.05, 60, 0.05, 60 on the 18 and 10 rise in the virus line.
It's almost time for those numbers.
We're just telling time how the ratings come up.
We're just trying.
We're searching for somebody with something to say.
We found one yet.
Oh, no.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Don't you hate people who meticulously pronounce things like, H-T-H-T?
No, I really don't care.
Oh, that was a good thing.
That guy was so annoying, though.
I have a question for you.
That's why he was mimicking the way they were saying it.
But I guess they were going to be here.
But anyway.
Oh, it did, Joel.
I'm sorry.
Okay, questions.
What do you think of the new Backstreet Boys song?
Great.
Great.
Do you like it, sir?
The shape of my part.
It sounds exactly like the Phil Confront that he did for the Tarzan movie.
If you play those together, it's like it's like one song.
I think it's great.
I mean, I like the song.
I'm just when you...
I know you're seeing so surprised that I said, I like it.
I hate it.
Do you feel better now?
I can't stand it.
I think it's not a song.
No, I just thought you were off the Backstreet Boys and I kind of still like them.
But I mean, I'm off the Backstreet Boys.
I think this is fine.
A lot of the music is very good.
But you're more into like 98 degrees, baby.
Now you're talking.
Yeah.
No, I'm not forget to win on Noche.
I hate that.
I don't like that either.
Oh, and I hate Jeffic as Clinton too.
Yeah, I mean me too.
That's because we're both jealous.
560560.
0560 on the AT&T and who is it?
What?
What do you like about it?
It's the truth.
I hope she's never seen it.
I know she hasn't touched it because she said on the show.
Not for me.
She's, well, she says celebrate a celebrity, something like that.
Not with gloves on.
She wouldn't.
No.
Look at that.
The balance of 93 and the NASDAQ 26.
Let's just close down Wall Street right now.
Okay.
Let's call the whole thing off and just bring it to a nice pause.
Yeah.
That's a goofball to head on there from Morgan Stanley this morning.
Oh, we have to retest.
And I see the NASDAQ said a lot.
A lot more work to do on the lower side.
Don't you love that expression?
It's got a lot more work on the lower side.
Here she's a 2500 NASDAQ.
You better hope it's not 2500 you crazy bastard because Morgan Stanley and all these other
all your other brokerage people are going to be out of business.
If there's a NASDAQ 2500 you go to the borzo.
This is the kind of people like he prayed around there on CNBC.
Is more on like that.
And they're busy panting themselves on the back for their fifth anniversary of squat box.
I got a squat.
I'm losing my ass.
Okay.
That's my squat.
I'm going to walk.
Here's the broker.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, that's called the work team last week.
They were getting ready to interview Brian Murray.
Mm-hmm.
And I didn't talk to him.
Yeah, I just said to him,
would you please ask Brian Murray a question for me?
And they said what?
And I said what's it going to take for Tony Murray to get fired?
Uh-huh.
And they said, oh, you're lucky with a matured.
You're really after this guy.
And I said, are you going to ask him a question?
And they said no.
Of course not.
Because they're bunch of pussy.
They're bunch of ass suckers.
They're bunch of panders.
Right.
Unbelievable.
What's it going to take, Neil?
We got to get rid of this.
What do you mean what's it going to take?
You already seeing it.
It's in the work in progress.
What do you mean?
Is it me?
Or is it just, huh?
Seriously, how could there be so many stupid people?
I think a guy who didn't catch out of the guy talked about
Haiti making fun of the word the grue, the Bushless anode?
In this guy, it's a work in progress.
They just got tied by a gruel's team last night.
Okay?
I couldn't score a gruel in three regular periods at overtime.
It's a work in progress.
It's happening.
The public isn't subsidizing support.
This kind of swill.
L-O-T, lack of talent.
L-O-E, lack of excitement.
And for the people that are being requested to come and bring all their harder and money,
L-O-M, lack of motivation.
And lack of money.
God, take a look at it.
You can smell it.
I mean, who are supposed to be the supporting people in this cast?
Is it Peter Wollwell?
Yeah.
Is it, uh, only, uh, where he had yokin' it?
And maybe someday he will be.
And Ben Ashrick, who's plays pretty shriky if he asked me so far.
Yeah.
It's always the same old story.
The youngsters and the organization, and they're going to do this.
And they never do it here.
They never develop here.
And then sometimes they go someplace else.
And they turn out to be pretty good.
But they never develop here.
Sounds to me like bad coaching.
26th after a letter of 560 WDQM when you find cigars, get you the best of money can buy
and you get those at NYXIGAR's right down there in Miami.
We're still waiting.
Now, Frank, uh, Ben Ashrick, on our sales department, did finally have to be chastised,
and threatened with death and beating.
Uh, not necessarily in that order.
I brought up a part of a box of cigars in which he would go up scondered with most of them.
But they were at NYXIGAR's.
They were just some cigars.
I thought those didn't look familiar.
So, not if it's he brought the way, how did he get those?
You asked him me?
This is an unbelievable scandal.
They got it and didn't take any of that crap.
I said, I wouldn't smoke that garbage.
Maybe if it's the good new echo, Frank and he did.
They got a lot of data.
They were devastated for the way those are.
Oh my God.
You please, I'm begging you, people, talk to Mike and Nick and Mike Jr.
and all our friends out in NYX.
Tom Frank is absconding with all these people cigars and a scandal goes on.
I think whichever candidate can resolve this problem, that's the one that's going to get erected.
I'll tell you that.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio, 560s.
Few.
Business fact in the park.
No.
From Washington, number Glockland Rook, featuring Eleanor Clinton.
Jack Jamond and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Cheeky Barber.
No.
Here's John Glockland.
If you want, George W.
Rings of Waltz.
Oh no, Cliff.
Well, John, I'm not a sad.
Wrong.
Jack Jamond.
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong.
Cheeky Barber.
I'm going to have to say to both wrong.
Actual answer for exercise.
That one's an easy choice.
Next issue.
Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bringing the noise, bringing the puns off tax.
What on do you think it's wrong?
Well, John, I don't have to say.
Wrong.
Jackie Jackie, big jamond.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong.
Cheeky Barber.
I'm going to have to say right.
Not a choice, re-e-t-e-baba.
You gave it there to let that know it wasn't a choice.
Wrong.
Correct response.
Act.
He loves them.
Next issue.
The cast of big brothers should be murdered.
How?
How long?
You went to school.
Jack Jamond.
Dynamite.
Wrong.
Cheeky Barber.
I don't think they should be tears.
Wrong.
Actual answer.
Point by putting.
Bye-bye.
Well, 31, that's your homework, Samuel.
We've got to find out what kind of thing really is on PBS.
See, nobody.
I will be free.
I was thinking about it.
Yeah, I was just telling them for sure there's something to stretch.
Somebody's got to make a tape and send it with tape at the show.
Because if you saw it once, I guarantee you,
you'd be squeezing it.
560-705-60,
pound 560,
on the AT&T,
and horizon,
where I was lying.
Oh, here's a sad fact.
I'm not even going to read it on here.
I bought those panties and my carry-murder.
Let me say it again.
It's a work in progress.
They played 6 games,
and said they won a game.
Oh, no.
Won't be much longer.
They'll be saying bye-bye.
Maybe John McLaughlin called carry-murder and say bye-bye.
Just before it gets on that bus.
Here's the mobile and pound beat, shall we?
How you doing, Hill?
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
You got a great show.
You're young,
pressing, keeping the ball crazy.
I'm in New York, like you,
from Brighton Beach.
Yeah.
And you know,
I'm not in New York.
I'm in New York, sir.
You're from Brighton Beach.
What is it?
You're from Brighton Beach.
Yeah, Brighton, New York.
I get out of here with that foamy accent, okay?
560-705-60, pound 560, on the AT&T,
and horizon, where I was lying.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
4th dervization.
I hear you say that often.
Are you serious about that?
Of course.
Who decides who gets 4th dervallize?
I do.
You do.
You bet.
You wouldn't give me a lot of fags.
Uh-huh.
That sounds good.
Okay, great.
Thanks for listening to the Neo-Logers show on 560-WDQ1.
You're a premier ol' fag.
Straight answer.
A ledge.
Probably not.
560-705-60, pound 560, on the AT&T,
and horizon, where I was lying.
Out of town.
877-785-6345.
He just jealous because he's not getting more approaches.
And that's the problem.
All these straight guys, they're just waiting for the day.
Somebody comes on them so they can say, oh yeah, I turned them down.
Like we story.
Here's a mobile in Naples, hello?
Hello, Neo-Logers.
Yes, sir.
Hey, but I'm a listener and see if there's 80 days of love.
You show on the mobile in a cell.
But I called you about something really important.
That was very good.
Uh, I just came back today.
What's your favorite place in Vegas, the gamble?
Is that a curiosity?
M-T-M.
And how?
Only because I stay there and I'm too lazy to keep running around all over town.
You ever get out of the valley?
Is there a flamingo?
Yeah, sure.
Once in a while.
Yeah, I like those two places.
Anyway, one other question I had for you.
I never get a chance to call, but back in the late 80s, early 90s,
you always hit a spot or a chieo with the guy that used to say,
I'm dying over here.
You never play it anymore.
We need it.
We need it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just that you don't have any more.
I'm dying over here.
There you go.
He's still dying.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, see you at the mowage because that's what Vegas is.
It's the mowage.
A lot of fun every now and then.
I'm put out.
How does the Hudson doing over there?
Hudson's got 55,000 pounds of food there for us.
From Wayne Arles, there's 125th and workforce, 7th Avenue.
Which we love profusely.
The needy burgers with a bacon and cheese.
The watch is still white hot.
It's a pump before.
From brightened dates.
Go back to New York.
Okay, you have not just New Yorker.
It makes us all want a puked.
Brighten New York.
That's what they know from White House.
They know what happens in New York City.
Oh, we wouldn't know it if you shoved it up there.
Correct.
Yes.
Thank you, sir.
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
Oh, it's a thing from Wayne.
Something more propaganda.
I'll get out of here, Wayne with more propaganda.
The waterboard.
You have water, my ass.
Mr. Hot Shot Pal with his.
Just keep cooking the greasy little burgers when you do
the great job.
Thank you, Hudson.
You're welcome.
I'm a good guy.
You're a great American and I'll go make this good stuff.
Look at that.
That's a beautiful thing.
For the hot sauce.
Even a diamond bar.
They never saw nothing like this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Thank you, sir.
Here's a call from Parkland.
Hello.
You know, tonight on HBO 10 o'clock, I know you want to see this.
Yeah.
I hate.com.
Extremists on the internet.
Yeah.
It's a program hosted by Morris D's.
You know, Morris D's.
A lot of significant victories against hate groups.
Right.
I know you want to ask people to ask,
what do you mean I want to ask people about?
They don't rush stuff like that.
Well, I know you want to talk about it.
It's a really good show.
It's like the McLaughlin company that appeared at Playlist.
There's not one person in sight since everything's seen that show.
Oh, they've seen it.
They're just not calling.
Have you seen it?
McLaughlin?
Yeah.
Sure.
Ian?
It's a bunch of the idiots.
There you go.
Okay.
Have a great thing.
I need my white hot.
Okay.
Screw it.
Screw it.
While social security, Bush has got a plan.
We're here to take in somebody who's obviously everybody I talked to,
everybody I wanted to say, how could anybody with a brain bigger than their toenail go for Bush?
No, there is.
Who are these people pulling?
They must be pulling the majority of the majority of the country up there, which a bunch of moons.
You know, it's picking redneck Yahoo.
Huh?
Yeah.
That's America.
Are you going to give us a text for it?
Yeah, he'd give you a cut out right there on the leg.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Line 6 don't work.
I just saw a mention head again.
Does anybody have fallen too on head or not?
Well, I told them last week.
Yeah.
Man, I'm getting pretty impatient.
From last week to today, not that we need all the lines to be working,
because you can only talk to one person at a time anyway, right?
Isn't that what they always say?
So what do you need all those other lines for?
It's just kind of nice, like a security blanket.
Damn lazy slackers.
That's what this place is all about.
A bunch of lazy slackers.
And this show is like leaning them around by the nose.
That's right.
Well, we let them to the promised land and other swirls.
I think the next book maybe we ought to do about a .3.
Just to teach them a goddamn lesson or two.
We'll put George Allen with that Palestinian bitch every day.
Here's a mobile and lost palm.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, you know, that show is on at 9 o'clock.
I watch it every week.
It's the only TV I have to watch.
Is that how it is the best?
Oh, you know, it's hilarious.
The best thing is about that show is Elmer Cliff.
She and I are of somebody.
But if somebody tries to hear our first year, she starts shrieking.
Yeah.
I love that.
And they are there, oh, yes.
They said that guy's foot bonds on.
Yeah.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
He's the cold.
Whoever will say that
if you throw it out of the toilet or
Why wouldn't he say why would he even be funny?
It's funny.
But if you've seen yourself
that if you don't, then
that if you've seen yourself
that if you've seen herself
that if you've seen yourself
that if you've seen yourself
that if you've seen yourself
that if you've seen yourself
that if you've seen yourself
and if you've seen yourself
but if you've seen yourself
it's funny.
But if you've seen yourself
They got a whole bunch of music channels and they show videos. How do you like that? What a concept music on music channels as
Of course all these other 8 million stupid goddamn shows real world unreal world are all of the other crap
And whatever happened to Tom Green anyway, his show still on us since they cut his nuts off
It's just a lot of what how we don't have a team to watch see out a site out of mind what's the cut your nuts off?
It's kind of curtains 21 to 25 60 Q a.m
Where you first check
Welcome
I guess it comes down to be his name is white wire and you've gone with your audio
Are you in love with this protection plan?
Mel-man, where have you gone with your audio?
You've become his little woman, get up well, we've got six men
50 to 25, 50 to WKI, I guess our party is over the premature here, we're leading the food anyway
Probably your party, we just, excuse to bring green on with you and a good buddy Hudson
Well I tell you, this station is vanished from the face of the earth
Vanished from the face of the earth, the summer book on this radio station was, it is naster
Huh?
Person throught plus, 6 am the midnight, wait till you hear this
W-I-O-D, you're all new station, went from a two or three to a two or eight
This station went from a three to a two or four, two or four
Woo!
In the tank, in the turlid, when's Bob and Tom startin'?
Person throught plus, 6 to 10 am
Radio Ammo, oh this is a heavy-goody stick for, I mean the Julio book
Radio Ammo is number one, a radio Mondia is number two, all we're dropping from a 70 to a 580 daily on effect, where is off?
Hot 105, EDR, look at that, the top four stations in this market, trough plus overall, is all ethnic
Ammo ethnic
W-I-O-D, and all the all new station, three to a four point, oh!
Anybody believe that?
No
No
Howard, trough plus went from a third to eight, does anybody believe that?
Oh, can you believe this?
What kind of a waiting book did they have?
They must have talked to the same people that are voting for Bush in these pearls
Does anybody believe that?
Of course not, Jesus got almighty
Midday, I hate to hate to even look at this George
trough plus midday, 5-9-8, and 3-7, George
From number two to number eleven
Oh my God, I'm telling you this is the death now, that summer book
How about anybody else?
How did the, let's see, this is trough plus overall, who's all the old folks?
W-I-N-Z from the point nine to a 1.2 stupid talk, creeping up from number 27 to a top 25
Did they make any big enrode?
No, they're not going anywhere, where the hell did the audience go?
Where the hell did everybody go in this book?
Another one of these states, and I've been trying books, yeah
Probably getting paid off by the guy, damn, the Gala Persters
Yeah, that's right, it's a freaking right wing conspiracy
Trying to good, but this lunch is great, isn't it?
Hmm, thanks, Justin, I'm back from the White House, I was out from the prologue
Or me too, but every time now, I have to have one
Me too
Okay, well, we're more numbers calling here that can get much worse than this
What was that number we had again here?
12 plus, I think our bonus is in jeopardy, let's call up for our James and the, what's his name?
For me, what's his name?
Our for me?
And I was for beak
Five, nine, we're three, seven, 12 plus
Well, you can't take all the blame for that, just tap
How the hell I came back, what do you mean, half?
I don't know, we don't know what we did midday yet
I just got you calling it
That's 12 plus, yeah, I could be all the other folks
So that's right, I'm all the other folks who I like, you're right, that's right
Okay, three to seven, let's see how the hopper did here, huh?
I could think that I'm hopper doing that in half noon 12 plus
But that was the last that we care about 12 plus
What does that mean 12 plus?
It means the whole guy that bought it is from 12 to 112
And this time, believe me, that includes a lot of two six to a two two
Thanks God of two two
How do you like that?
In other words, we all went in the tank
Now, where did they go in the afternoon?
Who is going in your power?
All this ethnic crap, ethnic, ethnic, ethnic, expose and expose, baby
That's where the whole audience is gone
So that's how we just played, where have you gone to, where you're going to be an audience?
There's the answer to it, they've all gone to ethnic
If you're not either dark or, um, spigot or not, not pick it in English
Then you have that, uh, your Chinaman's chance
In fact, there's no Chinese stations in here either, are they?
Oh, so what I tell you
That's now
Are we okay?
Are we still getting paid in one way or the other?
Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello?
Hello Neil
Yes sir
New York, New York!
This is my house, and I live in the town. We were real faced well
Ok, and my little town caused everything in real
In New York, now everything, man
Oh God
Fine, and Greg Copax, who wants his life in the paper on tickles on Saturday, had it right
The rest of the world, they're not all excited about it
Maybe you are or not
And if New York is so great, let me say one more time, what are you doing here?
Here's Miami Lake, hello.
The dolphin, the Miami has the dolphin.
Okay, good, good song.
Keep it up.
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Is this thing along with Neo today?
I mean, gosh, but it was a couple of these up past two colors here.
The past two, you mean like 10 o'clock?
Well, yeah.
Nice going there, nephew.
He was knocking my stuff around here.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, go ahead.
There was a poll on ESPN the other day.
I know you want to talk about this first.
Oh, seven minutes.
We don't care about that.
Right up here, Alito.
What is the greatest arena stadium song they had rock and roll part two?
Who has the dolphin out?
Totally disgusting.
They had YMCA.
I said, you know what?
And you know what?
And I had about 120,000 shipping costs on it.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, I'm good.
Yeah, I'm good.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm finding that there are the interesting things trying to get the people in there.
They only score after the Panthers score a goal.
So I don't think we're going to be hearing too much of this.
Yeah, no, we don't.
Maybe they should.
Yeah, we don't know how we are shot.
Yeah, there you go.
I'm going to say it four times again.
Yeah, there you go.
Thank you.
You know, Lomago, you look pretty good.
You know, I actually not seen that.
I'm like, we have no defense.
Who then?
Lomago.
Lomago, play great.
Yeah, you know, it just natural be a defensive.
I can be...
Let me say it again.
If he wouldn't have played great, we'd be talking to Laugh here today.
Not a tie with the girls team, but a loss with the girls team.
And heaven helped him for the Murray Boyd that we just started losing to the girls team.
I thought I could throw that.
Right?
I love it.
So I have to make you a few cup of love so you can get out of it with that crap.
Glory, glory, gitter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So we had a summer book that I wouldn't wish on a Tillabahon or Hitler or George W.
Kila fine.
Deadly.
That goes to Shoya.
Now for another three million, I won't go away next summer.
He's bringing me to peace in here, one piece at a time.
12 plus six million.
We don't care about that.
We want to get to the good stuff.
We want to get to the young, religious, and religious demographics and see how much of a crap we took here, especially George.
I mean, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
If anybody's sitting out there saying, oh, see, he's hoping George goes in the crap.
I have to make the news if George went in the crap for 2554 men.
That's costing me money, okay?
That's costing me money.
Then I start getting pissed off.
Here's a mobile and foot monitor.
Hello?
I think we're doomed.
We're doomed?
Well, first of all, I don't know why you worried about your bonus.
Don't give it to you anyway.
No, I don't mind, because I got my own written and bullied and blazing on it.
It makes you wait.
They can't make new wait.
They don't make you wait.
Listen, they make George wait because he's smart to pay this.
There you go.
The George W.A. thing's got me scared to death.
I mean, how anybody in their right mind can vote for this guy?
It's completely...
I don't know where the polls are coming from, but certainly they're coming from some other planet.
When you're buying a new suit, they add more contract, and he calls them more contractive stores, Rex, which is pretty good.
Let me ask you something.
Most people don't realize this.
We have huge stores of propane gas in this country, in the US.
That's capable.
That we can use.
And yet, no one has talked about that field.
Okay?
Most cars these days can run on two fields.
They can run on gas, and they can run on propane.
We don't have to go up to Alaska to mine the field that's there.
We can pull you down.
We have to keep some of the store to explore with the first own tires.
You better get with it, sure.
You better get with it.
Go by one right now, cut the crap.
You've got to be more American.
You've got to be with the program.
And you do realize that every minute of every day, there are idiots out there who are buying four
of those four.
I just make it in passing.
Oh, 18 to 34.
This should be sweet.
I bet you'll be lucky to ask the risk of 18 to 34, which is no ordinary driver anyway.
Look at that.
The six-way in the mid-19 to 23, where we went up to the overall station, 18 to 34.
So maybe we don't have any old parts.
Maybe we have all the young people.
What do you think?
No, I doubt it.
I doubt it.
That's just an aberration.
560-560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Line 9 is open out of town for the entire world free of charge.
We pay the brother your free.
877-785-5345.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, I'm not the father of my children.
Thank God.
The Panthers look pathetic as a compliment.
I tried to watch that game last night.
I watched it.
I mean, I split tickets with somebody and I think I want my money back.
This is the way we're going to.
I think there should be a long-lying win tonight of people demanding refunds after the
Internet crap last night.
I think you should put your next survey as the watch is how long the Murray boys are going to be around.
That's what I've been saying.
This is, I mean, it's not like, I mean, how many games are we going to go before we get our first win?
This is like seriously pathetic.
And as far as...
It's not only how many games before they get their first win.
But who is it that they're playing that's so good.
That's the question.
I mean, they're playing a grist.
What's going to happen Wednesday when they play Jersey?
Well, what could happen in Colorado?
Right.
That's what I was ugly in the first 10 minutes.
Uh-huh.
I mean, it's just, it's sad.
I mean, it's...
I think I got the other channels on the...
That frog was so upset about that game where all they owned.
And it's like...
It beat the crap out of his life in twirling house out.
She's pretty hot looking too.
I thought she used to be before this weekend.
Oh, you know, that's what happens anyway.
But, uh, it's pretty, uh, pretty popular.
So I only have three keychains, so I appreciate it.
And, uh, I wish I had a great time.
And God bless you.
Thank you, sir.
There's a guy's getting the keychains,
which you can get, of course, at our website,
neo-waggers.com.
If you want to make the rest of the station feel better.
Bye, bye, bye.
WQA.com.
See, now, does it make any sense to you that we went from the biggest book
in the modern history of the station in the spring?
So what appears to be going to be a death-neur book in the summer?
Does it make any sense to you?
I mean, what changed from the spring book to the summer book?
Boyle?
Yeah.
I mean, I'm only on four hours a day.
You follow what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
What about the mornings?
What about the hopper?
What about that?
What do you have to do?
What's the story with that?
I was sorry.
I think we just got screwed.
And the fact that how it went our way down?
Is anybody believe that?
Oh, so obviously the people that got these diaries, it sounds familiar like a bunch of commonists.
Thank you, sir.
Let's take a look at these bad numbers for the morning, 18 to 34.
I thought we just said that we went up.
Oh, that was the whole station.
We don't want to hear these goddamn waiting numbers.
This is boring.
Well, I got news for it's more interesting than hearing your crap about Gushin Boer.
Sick of that crap.
Look at this 18 to 34 in the morning, the voice team of 1.9,
stupid talk, a 1.6, Rick and Spud.
How do you like that?
Huh?
What?
The right-and-the-ass.
The right-and-the-behind.
There was that number up and down.
That morning number.
From the one who's ours.
1.9 to 1.9, 1.5 to 1.6.
They're converging.
I mean, both numbers suck.
The big one.
That's more in the next group of people, you know, they're 18 to 34 midday.
And I have a feeling.
That's what George was.
I have things going to be pretty good.
It is.
It's going to be up.
5.6, I guarantee you.
I know it.
5.6, 7.0, 5.60, 5.60.
Am I not a student of these numbers or what?
You are?
Well, I get a crystal ball about it.
I'll bet you the, uh, that nearly brutal right here on this plate.
That's the number 18 to 34 midday and it will be up.
You know what I mean?
This is 5.60, QAF.
4.60, 5.60, now you can QAF, my heavy port water dam, a measly broadcast group station,
www.quam.com, with a world.
To the streets, me, oh, I just had a bullet and we just found out why the, uh, station
had such a bad book during the summer.
One name, Red Ruffinsor.
Yeah, that was good.
Sir, what did I tell you, Dad, did I have my thumb on it again?
As usual, I know these ratings man inside and out.
I can't ratings come out of my, that's the ass.
18 to 34 midday, 10 a.m. to 3.6 to a 3.7.
I enjoyed it, baby.
And at Assault, I called, remember a couple of days before I went for a wait for the summer?
Well, the waterline pound is, everybody's going to be 2 and an hour of an hour and those tapes
are filled over that on Super Talk.
Did they 2 and an hour, listen to the tapes are filled?
Oh, no, they did not.
Are you sure positive?
It is 1, from a 1.4 to a 0.9.
Those are lose wild kind of numbers, they 0.9.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
So who the hell are you people kidding over there?
People are your stupid talkers right?
How did the Humper do there in the afternoon?
18 to 34, that's not his demo.
Look at that, 2 or 2.4.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Leave it to Georgia and the Humper to hold the Ford.
Morning was where the real one, oh boy.
1.9.
A 1.9.
Wow.
So Bob and Tom start tomorrow, that's what I'm hearing.
567.0560, 05.60 on the AT&T, and Verizon while I was lying.
Are there any more white hots in here because he gives me like 1 white hot,
and all these mini burgers that I don't want gets in the bag.
End of the boat.
Great, thank you sir.
Oh in the boat I wanted one.
Okay, let's take a collar to here and pretend we're doing a show.
Here's my me lake, hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, listen about this McLaughlin deal.
Yes.
Now 5 years back on Saturn and I live, they had a similar skit and it was hilarious.
Yeah.
McLaughlin was McLaughlin and it was so funny that the cast members couldn't keep a straight face.
Right.
So it was tickling, taming.
It was a funny show.
I mean, you know, there's some old part to watch it for the pilot taking take it seriously,
which I have to mean, isn't it?
But it's funny in a bizarre way.
Well, it's certainly more interesting than meet the press.
Yes.
But they just, they were lacking the Tiki barber angle and that's what put it over the top.
Boba, you got to say it to him McLaughlin.
It's a Tiki barber.
It's perfect.
All right, go head shots.
Yeah.
Bye bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound, we have 400 open lines here.
I'm asking the audience should we, you know, there's, in fact, I should probably change the pool.
The pool is boring.
We don't like boring.
Pursuit or like boring shows, we don't like boring colors.
There is a whole lot.
We don't.
Boring.
Boring is banned in Florida.
From this moment forward, boring be banned.
How about Chris Boring?
You really like him?
You can still drive him and a horse too.
Of course, that son of a, he couldn't drive from here to the wall.
Hey, you know, I'll start with that harness racing stuff.
You'll be out of business, Mr.
Okay, what do we got now?
Oh, seven of midnight in the overall number.
We don't care about that.
We don't respect steady K.
Do we care about seven of midnight?
Oh, is anybody care about seven of midnight?
No.
We make any money seven of midnight?
No.
Let's give to the media.
Let's give to that 25 to 54 and see if we got that bonus coming.
I don't want to make the pressure bill on Georgia shoulders in there, but everybody's
waiting to see if we get that measly, measly, summer bonus.
Yeah, let's just change the pool, Eric.
Here's the final result.
Which is the most important to you?
Education 70.
Taxi 59.
Gun control 35.
A five-shin-right 25.
And social security only 17.
Only people who give a crap about social security.
They're once we're collecting it now.
They don't want anybody messing with it.
So all you idiots out there that get sucked into this.
Oh, he's got a great plan.
Yeah, right.
I got a plan.
Stay home on election day.
All you bush people.
That's my plan.
Here's the new pool, Eric.
Should we declare a moratorium on discussions of growing
bush between now and election?
Yes or no?
Huh?
I don't know how I'm going to vote on that myself.
Now I'll just vote something on there just to make the thing show up.
Should we declare a moratorium on discussions of bush and grow on this show until the election?
Yes or no?
Huh?
I don't want to influence it.
Should we do it?
Yes or no?
56705, 562.
I'm going to say the pool is growing.
They all say they care about education.
Do they care about it?
Of course not.
It's just their window dressing and it sounds good.
It's politically correct.
Persons to all right.
Persons 25 to 54.
Now we're getting there.
Everywhere, six days at the midnight.
Seven to two and nine on the first page.
On the bottom of the second page from a three seven to a two nine.
Three seven to a two nine.
Got it?
Overall.
The whole station, that's 6 a.m. till midnight.
2554, that's our bread and butter, baby.
I'll see.
I will be your new station when from a 1.6 to 1.4.
How about that stupid talk went from a 1.2 to a...
I'll wait nine.
A 0.9.
How do you like that?
Let me say it again.
Stupid talk went from a 1.2 share in a spring book today.
A 0.9.
In this one.
How do you like that?
Nice go on tape over.
You asshole.
You idiot.
You moron.
You quiddling.
You assassin.
You grey robber.
You little twerp.
You suck whole.
How do you like that?
So I guess next we'll begin like mornings and we'll get the...
No.
They part break down on 2554.
I sure hope that morning didn't go on the crap.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
That's the problem.
I'm going to say again, if Bush be
becomes elected, it's not because Bush is going to win.
It's because Gore is going to lose.
Economy is good.
Things are going wrong.
Great.
Even the Dow is up 71.
I want to say the Nasdaq down 14.
Because that's bad.
But everything's smoking wrong.
But everything's smoking wrong.
The Palestinians and the Israelis.
The Palestinians and the Israelis.
Nothing different over there than their ever has been.
They're still shooting it up.
All they have to go from the DEA on.
All they have to go from the DEA on.
All they have to go from the DEA on.
All they have to go from the DEA on.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what's so good.
And he actually was talking about.
We have to be more heavily involved in counseling and in prevention and in therapy and in rehabilitation and those things.
As opposed to just this old whatsoever, everybody ensure they rest and you don't keep building more prisons.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Here's a mobile and a gable.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Can I talk about the Hummer?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, good.
We'll call him up in the talk about him.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T.
Although I'll tell you what, they handcuffed me off on Friday.
I'm driving home.
And we disagree about things which is fine.
But he was talking about who's doing the baseball games, which I think Joe Bucking's excellent.
And the carver, thanks always suck it up in the car.
The carver is a matches, motormob, motor shut up, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
And it's usually wrong.
Has to suck me off everything as usually wrong.
I'm not sure.
Disgusting, Tim McCarver.
But anyway, it's kind of interesting.
It's subject to it's right up my alley, sports casters.
And I do agree that even as well as a never big fan of Ben Scully, when I'm channel surfing on the bush
with the baseball packet and you hear a horse life in Scully, it's great because as opposed to all these
non-descript voices that you don't know who the LAR.
But when he said that Dick Stockton is outstanding and does an excellent job on everything that he does,
I just about throw off the goddamn hook.
I thought that Dick Stockton must have had naked pictures of Hank and the Billy Goat because Dick Stockton
he's the outgore of sports cashing tall and boring and wooden with no personality.
Dick Stockton's most famous car was not any similar series to Reds with the Red Stocks in the Reds.
Carlton faced home one.
A long fly ball.
If it stays there home one, that's exactly with home one.
That was his exact, he is so boring and so stale.
He's the Mike Surder of sports cashing.
Dick Stockton.
And I know he was in Boko down here, so probably there's like something in Sessionus related to him.
See, that's the problem.
All these sports moves, they kind of like hang around together.
Shame on you, Hank.
Shame on you.
He's stuck it up to a note count like Dick Stockton.
He is pathetic.
One of the worst.
God.
Anyway, here we go.
Men, now comes the pressure baby.
Can you feel it?
Can you smell it?
Yeah, I can smell it.
Name 25 to 54.
Morning.
What it is?
I feel it is a worst thing in Cleveland, California.
I feel worse than that.
4-7 to a 5-1.
I was going there, my favorite show that worse than the best.
Can you believe that?
Just in all these other demos when we thought they must have known what our target demographic was.
Now comes the real.
Here, that pressure was on, baby.
This is what our photos is based on.
George is hanging out of a kind of real tight.
He's squeezing it and the counter too.
From a 10-feel and a string book to a 7-pointer in the summer book.
But the big news is, I-
No number one.
We get the bonus, how do you like that?
In other words, a precipitous viapta.
We're number one, J-O!
Yeah.
Yeah.
What do you-
What do you happen to be pumping about?
You're going to watch the third of your audience.
It's pretty good for a pump like you.
What do you want?
7-6, 7-8.
What it's tensor?
No, an 8.
What are you talking about?
All that all depends on how the pump is doing.
Well, we don't know that yet.
That's coming out.
I thought the result would be good.
We'd probably be waddling back here.
We're going to use a second.
Then we'll put it on a pump.
Well, he was very upset that I was eating the white,
how would the children wait a burn?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
Now, I'm calling you to talk to you about the survivor show.
The survivor show?
Well, guess what?
Thank you, sir.
Here we go.
Here's what the hopper did in the afternoon.
2554.
This would give you a pretty good indication whether you've
caught an 8 or not.
Well, 540 or 540.
I'm excited to be cleaning.
I'm excited to.
Well, so you did about an 8.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, that'll do.
What the hell is wrong with an 8?
What's the number one?
Mr. Smarty Pants?
Let's move on to the next one.
I'm going to get a little bit of a spiss cut, darling.
I mean, you know, I told you it was there.
Yeah.
I'm going to go out a few darling.
Hand in my two little friends.
So let's hear it for George.
We're not told you're having a waiting party.
Didn't I tell you it was going to come out okay?
A year of little faith.
You saw those 12 plus numbers.
That means you old people don't like you.
The old Jews they tune you out.
Because they know you're an anti-Semite.
Here's called Gables.
Hello.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, I moved out of here about a, well, I'd say 10 months ago.
I'm so sorry.
I apologize profusely.
So have I been.
Thanks so much.
And enjoyed your show.
Yeah, that's it.
Nice going, George.
And I can't see anybody.
No, I can't see anybody.
George, building very, very well for you all.
Uh-huh.
It was extremely entertaining.
And I was a little bit worried since I've enjoyed listening to you so much.
Even though the numbers dropped like an ant will in the ocean during this.
Bottom line is you cut off that last guy.
And I was going to call up because of the weight not holds for a little while.
You had a guy who called maybe 15, 20 minutes ago.
And he commented on how good the numbers were and he brought up Hammer.
And I said the same thing because every afternoon when this guy comes on,
it's the same New York pushback.
It's calling up talking about the Brooklyn Dodgers and going to the games when they were kids
and the parties and always in that great hammer.
Well, the people from New York don't understand this.
The rest of the world doesn't even fly and crap about New York.
Yeah, exactly.
And I'm like, you know, when you people get over it, really, you think you're low.
You won't do it.
You end up be out.
Let me say it again.
The reason that a lot of the New Yorkers are down here is because I've said this for years.
And it's true.
The people who couldn't make it in New York, they came here.
The losers.
There you go.
Right.
There you go.
That's what it's all about.
Bottom line panthers need to get some more American-born players on the team.
How about some players with some skill?
How about some talent?
Well, that's true.
And players who can put the biscuit in the basket.
But they put the ocean into the basket.
Yeah.
They look plenty of times to wash and pressure, but you know what I'm saying?
The fact of the matter is these guys are not tough enough.
They're not gritty enough.
They get to the...
It's not, let me do it.
It's gritty enough.
It's got to do with motivation.
They've gone through the motions.
You can see that.
We can put the motion in the basket.
You're eating a Neely burger.
They need some Cam Neelys on the wings.
Yeah, okay.
That's what they need to do.
Not to tell you what I want to do with Neely Day.
Have a great day, Kyle.
I'm hanging there.
We want to tell him about Cam Neely.
Oh, no, he'd break down on tears.
So what are we going to do about that Terry Murray, huh?
And about this whole ambiance that surrounds our team.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, they can't put the pocket in the basket.
They're putting the lotion in it.
And somewhere.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Although it is nice hearing about the least punt band and the fact that he's such a good father,
and every time it goes out on the road, it brings them,
thanks for a good Easter as kids.
Do we want to hear about that?
Oh, what the crap, Rimmer?
Quit sucking up to that frog.
Nobody gives a crap that he's a good father or a bad father.
All we know is he's a mother.
And a moron.
And got something rotisserie wrong.
Oh, yeah, the penalty is on the Henrikin era last night.
Guess what?
The whole thing.
Oh, all right.
I'll put up your eyes and watch the game.
You dumb frog.
Oh, look at that.
The currents in Georgia are in their fisting now.
Whoa, that was disgusting.
All these punks fisting.
25, okay, that's an unimportant.
So we got the bonus.
That's all we care about.
We're in.
Now Georgia's got something to bitch about for like two or four months.
So it gets it.
Here's a call in the givers.
Hello?
Anyhow, I...
Okay.
I don't know if you heard about this or talked about it yet.
I had to catch the whole show.
But did you know about that insect motor plot thing?
In-sink motor plot?
Yeah.
Oh, what is that happen?
Let me know what town that's going to take place.
I don't want to miss that.
Basically, these kids, they were planning for children.
I mean, Mother was cleaning up this room one day.
She lived under his bed and she found a whole blueprint.
These kids at front, those seats.
They had the fun.
They had the fun details and everything exactly what they were going to do.
Guns, the whole works.
The plan was to go over there and shoot them during...
My wife!
Aha.
Well, she boiled the plan and she called the cops up and everything.
I hate that bitch.
But I mean, yeah.
I thought it was a joke at first, but I was really curious about that.
It was bad, man.
I had an article for you.
How about another question, Neil?
The first thing, I mean, are they really that bad?
They kissed theirs.
They had a five-year-round.
And they went up.
Really?
Who's like their main competition in the morning?
I mean, what's...
Who's their main competition like Howard?
Right.
In the bow 96.
Charles Griffin.
I was on the big ol' power cast with no talent.
Yeah, I'm 40.
I'll put my stick to this term.
Oh, I don't want to look at them.
They make me stick.
Now, they do power 96.
They say, well, I asked Kim Curry for a couple little things.
He did not come true for me.
I mean, he knows he's going to say, well, a back street boy ticket.
I didn't grow that anyway.
I'm talking about recently.
They don't care about us, so put them.
Yeah.
Oh, Neil, that's a lot.
Have a great day.
I'm sure you hear that bad news about him, Stan.
Yeah.
I have an idea to great CD, which is number two album in the world.
I don't know where he released it.
Is he produced a performing?
Oh, no.
Does he come true?
I was in the scene from those steps.
Howard 96 told me, magnified, you're good.
I was so blessed.
Does he produced that for me?
Oh, no, he does not.
God damn it.
One's off of the 10-year-old wife of yours.
So, I love the highway guy.
Where did they go?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Don't be a bad singer.
Don't be a bad singer.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Don't be a bad singer.
I don't know.
Don't be a bad singer.
Don't be a bad singer.
Don't be a bad singer.
That's one thing.
My life is under load.
I mean, anybody doesn't appreciate the ability of 96 degrees.
Is it common?
It's okay that way now.
There's no question about it.
Anti-Semite commoners, bastards, just as simple as that.
And this guy's telling me about 98 degrees.
I mean, instinct.
Bye-bye-bye.
Those kids.
One thing about them, elite are consistent.
They don't look good and they can't sing.
They're not that great.
26th person known as 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Bye-bye-bye.
All we ever do is always.
All we ever did is yeah.
Is there a watch for everyone?
Don't know how we do it.
I'm the way he keeps her and her dog.
This is a big, don't know.
For a big man.
When you get to free arms.
He's a 25-girls woman.
I'm so mixed up.
I'm the steady, sexy boy.
We ever go one A.
We ever see.
It's there my butt.
The boy.
I'm the one.
You see wapping anyone and you're waiting, no.
No.
Cause they're not there.
I mean, when the whole book comes out.
You can find them.
Wait under, like about number 45 out of 50 stations.
with fractions, teeny little minuscule fractions.
I mean the question is how long can they keep hanging on?
Unbelievable. Not that anybody cares because nobody's listening to them.
Here's a George H. Fax.
And it's a George's Elaine F.ing-Linth-Linth-Dick Cuban Wetback.
He lost a third of the audience and we are celebrating.
Well we're celebrating because we still get the bonus, okay?
Hey!
What would have happened if you stayed two more months?
WTMI would have had a big book, bigger book.
Oh yes, somebody listened to TMI.
Do we care about people listening to TMI?
No.
First I hear the change in format anyway.
That's what Bob Green was in there.
It was about me or one of them.
George needs a great blazer and a position at some broadcasting school
that drains dollars out of sad sack assholes.
He should be serving up RBS sandwiches at the drive-through.
George is a Cuban houseboy with a...
Something banana.
Can't Ethan Spick is what it's his at the end?
Say there you go.
Ethan Spick.
Say believe me if you want to make a big in this town,
I mean really big.
Not a thousand big like me.
I'm talking about really big.
Just for the show and back Cuban's every day,
five hours a day, four hours a 24 hours a day.
That's all you need.
Just like that movie took over the weekend.
That wasn't the purpose of it but it didn't surprise me
that the Cuban won in a glam slide, especially after alien.
And why shouldn't they be upset about alien?
Now that he's missing those happy meals,
are you pretty pissed off that alien?
I get no more guy than happy meals.
He's really eating unhappy meals.
That's right.
Guru and Stirl.
That's what they eat over there in Cuba.
And maybe once a week if they're lucky,
like an in the course of the month,
get their frickin' lucky.
And I'm still pissed off about that guy then,
sorry, the woman, the woman, the woman, the kid.
46 votes on our second poll should be declared more torrent
on discussions of Bush and Goa and Tlafi's election.
15, no.
31.
They want to hear about it.
Well, you know something, I would mind talking about it
depending on how those things turn out.
If you had something interesting or new to say,
they keep calling and repeating the same or a tired crap,
it's boring.
It's terminal.
I'm trying to build the audience back up here after a desk with summer.
I mean after Georgia's great job during the summer.
And you people want to just bury it with this old voice up.
And you notice the old people,
that's why when the 12 plus numbers came into work,
I was going to be disaster.
And then even 18 to 34, we went up.
Like 25 54, we're still number one.
The numbers that care the demographics under the age of 100
were doing fine.
Don't you understand?
We don't care about people over the age of 100.
We don't want people over the age of 100.
And the first hour today, that's all I talked to was people over the age of 100.
Well, I think that that's garbage.
Just be a little bit more forceful.
And that you leave them in the anti-semite they're coming out.
And then you wonder why?
You look at some of those people and you wonder why the anti-semites are coming out?
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Yeah, yeah.
You save QIN every day.
Thanks for being on.
Yes, I do.
That's what Blopter said.
He said exactly the same thing.
He said, thanks for saving our assidant with your show.
A really, every year.
And isn't it interesting for the guy that just sent the cost exact,
even with me away for the summer,
that George's number is still beats the crap out of the morning's anaheim book
by a good two and a half points.
Honey, I like that.
Oh!
Out of those sports shows, and here they are sports shows, men 25-50 people,
and we still beat the crap out of me with a little George on there.
Yeah, well, you know, if you don't like sports, you listen to George.
That's for damn sure.
For all time's sake, I went down to the end of the dial, like at 7 a.m.,
this morning looking for Steve Kane.
Oh, there's not even a broadcast.
There's no one from there.
It's so weak.
Yeah.
It says in the paper, like, 1470, well, there is no one.
Why would you want to hear that?
Just because he used to be good, 25.
He used to be good.
When was that?
How much to miss that day?
When you and him were an Alfred Scott.
He was never good.
Miss Alice, you know, you and him.
When he said again, he was never good.
He never had any numbers.
Even on WS News, when the rest of us had gigantic numbers,
he had a three-year 12-plus.
He had nothing.
Well, he did.
He never had readings on any station he was ever at.
When I first went to IOD, the first booker show,
a lot of people came along and he listened to the reneuries.
Some of them listened to him and he'd go to their numbers.
After they listened to the light for a month, they were gone.
The next book they were gone.
Was that why you can't get the station?
That's exactly why you can't afford to put the adieu sub.
I just kidding.
I don't know.
Is that weird?
Well, why are you running running near that?
I just want to hear the answer.
He has absolutely nothing to say but a bunch of right-wing crap.
Right-wing!
He's become a real fanatical right-winger, yes.
And what about Miss Alice?
Alice is in LA.
So she's still alive.
She's still alive.
Have a great day sweetheart.
Oh!
See what I mean?
You people are one a living in the past.
I appreciate you've been listening a long time.
I'm glad you like to show you.
You're like me, whatever.
But nobody, most of our audience doesn't know for even who they are.
I know those people are for cloud-wise.
Oh, yeah, you're so high-speed.
I know you got that little twippy Brian.
Yeah, you're so high-speed.
You're so sweet.
I don't remember anything he didn't know I'm dead.
I remember I was sweet.
I was sweet, I was drunk.
He has a wife, you know.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
Am I convinced?
No.
Who's he kidding?
Yeah.
567-0560, Fox 56.
You're not pulling me Brian.
But you're up for those boys' guts again, little Brian.
There you go.
There's some free publicity for you, Steve.
Oh, he's still alive and he's still on the air.
Does he?
Oh, and let's find out.
Let's see if he shows up in here.
Mr. Ego.
Do we know what the name of that station is?
I don't.
Men 25, 54 in the morning.
Let's see W.O.C.N. has got a point three.
W.L.Q.Y. has got a point two.
I'm looking at the bottom.
N.B.M.A.M.A.M.A.M.A.M.A.M.A.
W.J.N.A. has got like a blank, like a f***ing asterisk.
Less than one tenth of a point.
W.N.A.M.A.M.A.M.A.M.A.
That's not it.
Is it?
No, it is.
I don't know.
Well, how long can we find out?
Does Bluff know?
We need Senator Colin to know the name of that 14th
70th station that Mr. Ego, the cana's on in the morning.
I don't see it.
Maybe it's N.M.A.M.A.M.A.
Which they went from a 0.5 to a...
Oh, no.
That would be heavy duty, baby.
That would be a ball of the numbers.
Although, it would be bigger than numbers.
He had an I.N.D.
Remember those days when we first came over here?
Yeah.
When they switched I.O.D. and I.N.D.
And they put stupid talk on I.N.C.
50,000 watts of power in this man was what they're doing.
Fractions in the morning.
Fractions.
Point.
What's the point, Steve?
Anybody call yet?
Well, why not?
There must be somebody listening to that crap.
Here's someone.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, Mr. 2 link.
Right.
Right.
I'll sit at the hour today.
560, 7.0560, 560.
Then that's it.
Scrolls down to the back.
OK, thanks.
That's very funny.
Good.
So it's not in any.
The Nate CUBE.
Are those creed LAVNext Cookies?
Yeah, that's it.
I want you to stay play a station until you have a computers.
Yeah.
You might notice, this market being a standards company station
in heaven at one point.
Oh, that's really sucking big time.
21-1 at 560 QAN.
This is 560 QAS.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560 QA.
And nobody repulses you.
We want to go now to your closing statements, Governor Bush's first thank you, Jim.
What I care about is failure.
And you know what?
It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership.
Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors.
Can I comment on that?
I would find a law banning that procedure.
If I'm entrusted with the presidency, here are the choices that I will make.
I'll cut health care, prescription drugs, education, and national defense, put our budget
into deficit, raise interest rates, and put up positive income.
I can't let the man continue to hide believe that Governor Bush is a national asset.
Correct.
But I'll cut health care.
That's his totally false.
Wait a minute, it's his totally false.
I'll put him to stand up here and say the accident of Governor Bush.
You know, I'm not President Bush.
And thank you so much to the Bumbling Jibbler.
17-24-1 at 560 WQM.
Let me say it again.
This is about them blows.
Make no mistake about it.
Here's the fact is the speedcane is on WNN, 980 AM.
Maybe it's one of those years where he's on it.
Because I know it's 14-70 in power.
It's like in different spots under the hunt.
That could be it.
Remember back in the news when the Chief Channel first took a talk on, I don't know if they're still
doing that.
Because I never listened to it.
But you do.
You listen to the book and start one through one.
Are you still doing that thing where they're like every 10 miles you drive and you can, you know, you turn to another station?
Well now turn to 12-30 and a pop beach and they do that.
I have to go to them.
Don't you remember the beginning?
Yeah.
You remember?
I have to go to them now.
But we have a little crappy signal especially at night.
So if you're listening right now and you're going to drive more than five miles, be sure to do it like 13-20.
Nice going there, Chief Channel.
You really are consistent.
You suck you blow.
And how those people in New York do it.
And how's that context doing, too?
Here's World Waterdale, huh?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I'd like to congratulate George and Joe Castello for a job blow down here.
That's right.
I'd like to leave little Joe Castello out of this.
He's probably responsible for most of your audience.
And 1470 is W-W-N-N.
Uh-huh.
And how did Renieri do his hair?
Oh, that bad.
Yeah.
Well, he's not in this market.
Well, he's in the Palm Beach Market.
That's true.
In fact, I hear it over the weekend.
He was in Sony's Market.
I've been a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Yeah, he's listening.
Wish him the best.
How about Y100, Freddie?
3.
6 in the morning, that asshole.
6 with 1?
Oh, 6 with 6?
That's right.
Yeah.
How did he do it?
Well, let's see.
18 to 34.
13 to 37.
Of course, we don't have the teams number.
That's the main demographic of his team's level punk.
18 to 34 is all I can tell you.
How in 96 went from an A3 to 196?
I did.
They're for Schwell Griffin.
He must have been doing those free psychic greetings.
Y100 is from a 6.0 to a 5.4.
They dropped all by over half a point.
Okay.
And did that lady W-N-W-S instead?
Exactly.
Go ahead.
And back to you.
There was W-N-W-S news.
We buried it.
We had the snooze crews.
We put the tombstone on their guide then lawn.
And out to them, okay?
Stop living in the past with Alice Rand-Tel.
And Mr. Ego and all that.
And they should be going to my cigarette routine.
Anybody ever seen Dick Stockton and Mike Sigo together?
No.
Same person.
Same non-personality.
Oh.
Hank might have been there.
He might have been drinking funny juice when he was on your state
about Dick Stockton and real great or whatever he does.
Oh.
Oh.
God.
What a sentient humor.
Here's a mobile and coconut cream.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Fartons are having a terrible year.
What is it?
I was fartons are having a terrible year.
Well, I'm so late, guys.
Yeah.
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen.
We saved my life.
Oh, I hear you.
Listen.
I have a cut-deaf.
And if anybody wants to know why there's no more black coaches
and managers in sports, just take a look at Michigan State.
But anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Totally closed.
Hey, listen.
I was thinking of the hammer right after you just because my radio's there.
And one of the nauseating things about him is that he eats.
5.670560.
So if you want to rep, Hank call him up and rep and replace.
I'm not interested.
I have to disagree with him about things.
I'll talk about it in the year.
It's not personal.
It's business.
It's a matter of opinions.
It's objective.
If you don't like something he does, call him up and talk about it.
Find something else to do.
Listen to another show or go blow your brains out.
But that's the stuff we talk about here.
If you want to let the first thing, then we'll talk about it.
Although they did great.
See, it's by what George was saying.
Well, then you said that 5 and 10 will be out tomorrow.
Who do you say that?
Oh, yeah, that was me.
Started that rumor that ugly rumor.
I like that.
So it gets you keeping him on his toes.
Boy, he looking bad these days or what?
He's getting punchier and sloppier.
And you're God.
Isn't he?
Sloppier?
Well, yeah, I guess they're coming to the point where you can't.
You can't get no sloppier than before.
And I don't want to say that because his mother wasn't the show.
She gets very, very upset.
So I don't say that he's getting to be real fat and unhealthy looking.
Unhealthy, Mrs. Default, whatever your name is.
Schwartz.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. How are you?
OK.
Very disappointed after last.
Now, how many shots on Gold did you hit on Team Manopoul?
In the whole game?
Yeah.
Beyond.
I don't know.
Boy, I don't know.
Well, you don't have to be a lot because they had a number of minutes.
And the first quarter, what was the first one?
The first period.
Uh-huh.
What was the big closed-door meeting before the game just to see how many shots they could give down?
I didn't know they had a big closed-door meeting.
Obviously, it had no impact.
Obviously not.
And what are they looking at?
New Jersey and Ottawa, I believe?
Uh-huh.
Could be a really ugly week, yeah.
I'm going to go pray.
See you.
OK. Get on your knees.
We're going to pray for you, Terry.
Murray, I don't think it's going to do any good.
Of course, the real interesting thing comes down to Washington is,
I'm going to fire T and even though he's as well, the save his own ass.
I see the answer probably is, yeah.
Yeah, won't be too much longer if they don't still win some games.
You don't realize that using Ottawa coming up,
when it's being scattered in here at home,
that they could wind up going through 18s without a win very easily?
Because if they keep playing like they've been playing,
they're not going to beat anybody.
If they can't beat Minnesota, they're not beaten anybody.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the 18t and provides them wireless lines.
And what did I tell you about the preseason?
Everybody was going, oh, we're going to start defeating the preseason
until our last game, speedo and great.
What did I tell you about that?
Here's a mobile and DB.
Hello?
Hey, I don't know.
OK.
Yeah, I just realized that you're pretty much the last bastion of freeform radio that's left.
That's right.
Um, I'm going to close.
Sorry?
Radio blows.
Well, you don't.
I know that.
I'm curious.
You know, that's pretty good.
I mean, I remember the 70s, you remember, you know,
3AM and bus, magic bus.
They all did that freeform radio.
And it was probably some of the best radio that you ever won.
And then the FCC decided it would be a good idea to let five companies
buy the other goddamn station in American, what happens?
Yeah, and then the program directors took over.
Now, remember the guys?
Sure.
That was probably one of the best rap shots on South.
Well, it was pretty good, yeah.
Terrific.
But you ever gave a wild out?
No.
The best restaurant was that.
Let me say that.
And the best restaurant on the beach was the famous hands down.
No questions asked.
Yeah, which became the straw and it never became a stop.
I know, I used to work there.
I remember they had all the red cables there.
The red vinyl giant cables.
Those are the days, pal, but you can't live in the past and have it nice day.
Let's talk about the past, what do you say?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Just a minute.
Life is for the living in the present and the future.
You found what I'm saying?
I found it?
No.
I didn't think so.
I think so.
All of those shows too.
All of us talk about what used to be the great places I don't want to talk about anymore.
About Niels Restaurant, all in the world.
Well, what's the point?
You can't go back to those days anymore.
South Beach is there at Glyphsy.
It's plastic.
It's steroid ridden.
And that's it.
No spigot English, but your fags and that's what South Beach is.
What's your mother cornice with her Glyphsy jewelry?
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marrow Sun.
I'm very surprised that a lot more people are calling and saying,
nice going George.
What?
Often the people in this town go out of their way to do or say something like that.
I didn't say go out of their way.
All I got was pick up the guy the informant say nice going you in Joe Costello there like the one guy did.
He had the balls to say it.
The phone might be clear across the group.
Interesting though all the people that were calling up the week that I was leaving saying,
oh, it's going to be an disaster.
Are you people out of your mind?
Number that?
I should remember.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I can't remember.
Wait a while Tom.
I'm hearing it.
Everybody's going to be listening to the film.
Everybody's going to be listening.
Were they doing it?
No.
No, they were not.
They absolutely were not.
Because the one thing that people love in this town more than anything else is to watch other people fail.
They love that.
It's the mid-year-old loves companies send them all over again.
I'm a failure.
So I want you to fail too.
That's what they're saying.
Loser.
That's the word.
Just looking to me a lot of you people out there.
And the word loser is indelibly extra there on your forehead.
Are you seeing it?
Good.
Call somebody in the toilet and have me to clear.
Here's a lady mobil in Boca.
Hello.
I'm the officer.
It's a great guy.
I listened to that.
There you go.
Here we go.
I just have one thing to say about the election.
It was okay.
Yeah.
There was a little bit of it.
That as a woman, abortion is really hot on my mind.
You know, it's hard being a mom and keeping close to everything.
Right.
And I hope none of these Republicans wives or daughters, that's where they get raped or something.
Because they're going to have that baby.
Well, but Republicans don't do that.
They're going to go to the pregnant.
Well, they're not going to be happy if it doesn't come out the same color or something.
Mm-hmm.
God forbid.
So I really have grown up.
Okay, both of you four times.
I will.
See ya.
Thanks.
Bye.
So what did you say?
Did okay?
She said it was fair.
5, 6, 7, we got 400 open lines here.
We got an hour and eight minutes to go.
I know it's Monday.
We started off with about your really bad cause.
The first hour of the show.
We haven't gotten much up here from then.
But that's a bit close.
We don't care.
We're getting our bonus for the summer book.
I mean, I am a little upset.
I'm yearning for my happy meal.
I wish we could go back to the old days like the guy we're saying with the famous and picolose
and the turf pub and meals restaurant on Alton Road.
Are we going back to those days?
No.
No, we're not.
Of course, he's forgetting it also when those days that most of Collins Avenue is people
over the age of 500, hobbling around in their walkies and being reeled up and down Collins
Avenue.
That's also what it was.
A lot of old Jews.
Now it's a lot of young spicks.
Here's a mobile and popular.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Very good.
I know you find out this is a great movie.
But why is it that?
I disagree.
Why isn't there especially people about New York having two teams in the world?
Sure.
It seems to me that a lot of people are jealous of the coppers from that in Yankee's in the
Metz.
This year.
The Metz talk.
I know.
I mean, the Metz is a very strong team.
Okay.
I mean, Yankee's, you know, he bought up a lot of great players.
That's not quite what I was saying.
They want to even see these games in a row.
But the Metz are joking.
They're a bad representative to the National League.
They're the pathetic.
I mean, I know they made it.
I tried to come back last night and they almost did it.
But they're pathetic.
But why is it that it bought up something from a...
Because most people aren't interested in New York, okay?
Most people are not obsessed with New York.
Only New Yorkers care about that.
It's not a big deal of the rest of us.
New Yorkers here are big people.
I'm trying to say, I mean, the fans in New York, they're real fans.
They're like the fans here on the...
How about the fans anywhere we are fans?
It's compared to here.
It's not just New York.
What about the fans in Detroit, Chicago, and Boston?
And places like that.
It's horrible, too.
I'm not the Islander fans.
Are they in New York?
Yeah.
Well, why?
I don't know where they are.
Okay, we'll go find them.
You're a search party.
Let us know when you find them.
Yeah.
New York's the other real fan.
You either range your fans because it's a thing.
It's a family thing.
Like a giant.
You have to inherit the tickets.
It's the only way to get in to see one of those games.
And of course, you know, I mean, to compare it with...
Why would you...
Why would you insult New York by comparing anything here?
Maybe if you're as you compare its connectivity here.
And it was turbulent insult to its connectivity.
Or Yubica.
Or Fourth Lake.
Or England, that crab.
Inlet, New York.
Even England, New York is more about a bunch of activists than we got here.
This is Lala Land.
And that's another thing.
I'm getting sick and tired of hearing about it.
I mean, I've been doing these shows for 25, 15 years already.
I'm sick and tired of that.
I'm joking myself.
Never do it again.
If people want to show up and watch some stupid games, let them show up.
And if not, that's their business.
This town isn't going to change.
And this is the same drive.
I would have said something like I did two weeks ago with the FSU and then the Huracune.
What a phony, below anything that is.
And then they try to build up a big deal.
Oh, well, campus is a lot better than they look on paper.
Yeah, right.
Right.
They try to pretend that they're really some interesting.
They're playing another goddamn girl school of the blind.
And like, it's going to be a close game.
And they win by 150 points.
Oh, look at that.
We got a chance at that title now.
Yeah, and then what?
Then what?
Anybody still be learning anything at U of M?
No.
No, they will not.
It's something new.
They will not.
Will there be a real university there?
No.
Will a student body be supporting any of those events?
No.
Anybody with one of those goddamn basketball games?
No.
What the hell are you talking about?
It's a big fat phony event written town.
That's what this town is all about.
If there's like a big hype, I think the game has been played
and I've ejected the bathroom.
What's there will be one?
Then the whole town is like forming a tabat.
And they're all like pretending to be emotionally involved.
I'm not going to change that.
That's the nature of this town and the people living it.
They don't care.
There's no passion.
It's not going to be.
Okay.
55 to 32.
They say no, we should not suspend.
So when the hell are the comments?
Where they're calls?
All these people want to talk about Go and Birth?
And Borah Borah?
When the hell are they?
We're waiting.
This is 560, QAM.
Fort radio 560, WQAM.
I am the portlaw of the company of Beasley,
Broadcast Group Station and WQAM.com.
For the world.
I'm looking on the Internet.
I'm looking on the Internet.
I'm looking on the Internet.
And I don't think of that.
I don't think of that.
You're a router.
You're a router.
Yeah.
That's what the animals do.
You're a router.
The same song about a happy couple.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
We got married by wives' weight double.
You're gay.
I got a sign of G and you got a tip.
Just for a stomachache.
Welcome.
It's my wife.
I know she's back.
Because she got lost in that China gun.
And she sits on me.
I won't survive.
If my wife when she sits around her, how she?
Will it sit around on her?
How to see?
If it's something I won't survive.
If my wife.
One o'clock at 5.60 W.D.Q.
I'm Hank will be here at the Shuler's
with a special guest, Dick Stockton.
And then at 5 o'clock it's the Adolphin.
What is with the overhead here?
Are you hearing that?
What the hell is the story?
Just out of nowhere.
Is this phone on?
Where the hell's that coming from?
That's a good question.
Sounds like the phone's on.
Or does it look on from here?
But it's not.
It sounds like a phone thing.
But it's not.
One moment please.
Okay, let's try it now.
Still screwed up.
How's that?
Just this is the first start of the round of nowhere.
It sounds like it's in the overhead.
It sounds like it got a speaker broken or something.
Or like we got some kind of a technical problem.
I don't know what we're just sitting here doing a show.
And you people want to buy these recently?
No, I don't think so.
First of all, this is great.
Where's that feedback coming from?
Do you have any idea?
It's just changed.
It just stopped.
What did you do?
I took my head and we were going to see if anything was on in there.
Well, a month ago something was on because as soon as you stepped out to do it stopped.
Sounds to me like somebody here just like that call that disappeared before that woman
and you said it was just a hang up.
Somebody is picking with us in the other room over there somewhere.
Probably Maddie Bell is the work downstairs.
Oh.
Probably got a sting with it.
How's that pull coming to be declared more authoritarian by discussions of going
and pushing on the show to the election, which is two weeks from now?
Should we do it?
33 say yes.
60 say no.
And the meantime, we got two calls on the board.
Pretty weak.
Pretty fake and weak for all your people out there that want to use their show as a vehicle
to spot your political propaganda, which we've heard 50 million times.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Mobile and pump and pump and pump.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the right.
He is right, but you know.
And you know who that sounds like?
That's the same pump again.
Who also happens to be the one the day that I came on several weeks ago and said I decided
I wasn't going to vote, which I then changed my mind.
Oh, you've sold out.
How much did they pay you?
You've sold out.
Yeah, he's the one that's psychotic punk.
Nobody else cares.
Nobody else cares, but they want to talk about going bush.
Here's Leicester.
Hello.
Nice going, George.
First of all, first of all, I want to say to everybody out there, a vote for a native is a vote for Bush.
Yeah, I've already said that 50 million times.
As Scalia and Thomas and Reckless, if you look at the undecided to the native voters,
they're the ones that hold the key to the election.
And some of those people are undecided between native and Gour.
So hopefully they'll come to their senses and realize that if Bush is, you know,
you can't vote for native and of course, a election.
If it was 10 points either way, but forever, you want them to vote.
But it's not.
And the other thing is, you know, you pointed out that this is a vote on electoral votes.
I don't think a lot of people realize.
But if the election is tied, Gour is probably going to win.
Because Gour has the bigger states and Bush has a lot of his lead in smaller states and in Texas.
Gour, I think it might be the news to you, but the electoral college right now is like, even Steve, I think.
The last two polls I looked at, Bush was one electoral voter head.
Yeah, I understand that.
But one of the things is all the numbers total, all the all 50 states in this state, like Texas,
where Bush is ahead by the French is 2 to 1.
But in California and New York, we're gores leading by somewhere between 7 and 12 points.
If you total up all the votes, Bush has a half a million more votes, but he winds up with 54 less electoral votes.
And because he leads in a lot of small states.
You know, you keep saying that, but the fact is that Gour can't even get a lead in the five states that do caucus one.
He only won five states in this year's Columbia and he goes to say every Democrat is going to win this year's Columbia.
Because there's no white people there.
But I'm not, the caucus only won five states against daddy Bush and Gour can't get a lead in any of those five states.
What does that tell you?
I think it's going to be real close and I think Gour can pull it out again.
But again, how many of those native voters are going to actually vote for NATO?
They're saying they will now.
But when it comes down to it, I don't think they'll all vote for NATO.
No, let's hope not to win.
Be trouble.
I agree with.
OK.
Thanks, bye bye.
Did he say a vote for NATO is a vote for Bush?
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the 18th, the horizon, the wireless line, out of town, 8777.8.
But 5.6705.60, 0.5, what?
Don't you understand?
Oh, no.
No material.
Don't you understand that?
Don't you get it?
They have no material.
It's monkecy, monkey-do.
Monkey-money.
Exactly.
Here's a mobile in Miami-Doo, Chelo.
Oh, that was real quick.
You must have a white day today.
Very light.
Well, has anybody, I haven't been listening very much this morning.
But why not?
Because I've been busy.
I'm not busy, I listen to you.
I love the show.
There's anybody called.
I believe you.
Is anybody called anybody that's for old Bush at all?
Is anybody?
Of course.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I haven't heard much over the last few days.
Well, first of all, we went on a life couple of days, as it was the weekend.
But we have a lot more pro-Bush people to call.
All you were treated and worked up to are friendly.
And the fast machine is just spewing out a lot of hate from the Bush people.
Well, sure, they're out there.
Oh, OK.
Well, I'm for Bush, but I don't take what you say to be necessarily.
I respect your opinion, and I'm not crazy about it, but I'm going to vote for him, because I don't know.
I'm Republican, I guess.
Oh, at least you're honest.
Yeah, I'm not going to put Republicans for the chimpanzee, or for the evil for him.
Probably would.
There you go.
Well, thanks for being our first honest colony, or thank you.
See, I'm not happy he's wanting to Bush, but he's a professional Republican.
And no matter who the Republican candidate was, he'd vote for him.
Well, it's here for a refreshing breath of honesty, and otherwise full of crap.
So there are a lot of other people just like this guy out there, but they won't say it that way.
So they try grasping for all kinds of other reasons.
Of course, there can't be no other reason.
There can't possibly be any other reason for anybody who's so manifestly uneducated, irresponsible.
Not for mentioning, of course, has a substance abuse problem.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, sir.
And I want to know, I'm excited voters, but all the entities are on right now.
Uh-huh.
And I feel this question, I want to know.
Yeah, okay.
I guess the circle drift must have ended about 105.
I can't even about two minutes to call them so far.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, calm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And it must be playing Spindy over the...
Maybe they're playing with George Zebite.
Spindy over the...
Fottle.
I don't want to tell you where they put it.
Correct, oh, look after they spin it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
Uh-huh.
Long time listener.
Congratulations on your numbers, first off.
Not me.
That's all George.
No, it's George.
Good job, George.
I didn't listen when George was there, but...
That's okay.
Mark and Matt, you see him, Mr.
Yeah, you're right, I missed it.
Well, I was on vacation too.
But, you know, I was calling call that guy,
like nobody cares about the world's servers in New York.
And not the team.
They continue to buy the team or any of the guys that are the heroes today
on that team, it's a meeting in a year?
No.
So the guy has the most money as the biggest market on the world.
What do you just say where any of the guys on that team,
the hero's the beginning of the year?
That was like day justice.
Was he on the anchors at the beginning of the year?
What about brother and angel?
No.
No, about the cheater.
They're a cheater.
Yeah, okay, cheater's been there.
They had a few guys that came up through the finances
and you could find a few stars on everything.
Well, of course, he's been buying the championship every chance you get.
Just like Wayne bought the championship for one year before we just met all the team
and said, don't be a state of no.
Yeah, and that's what they spoke about today.
That's what they spoke about today.
How do you win?
School baseball.
Yeah, exactly.
School league.
That's right.
Exactly.
Thanks, Dale.
Thank God, bless you.
Well said, school baseball.
We don't care.
I watch a little bit of it here in their visits on in-between hockey games.
It's willing.
And I know there are a lot of people like living in the past,
like the guy talking about the South Beach and Piccolos.
That's fine.
But to make comparisons, like I said on Friday,
between this world series and those great series in the 50s,
between the anchors and the Dodgers,
and in 51 the anchors and the Judd,
make comparisons with that area that's ridiculous.
Thank you for the expansion.
You go up and down the rostres,
and even the bad teams in the head start as they're almost in a position.
Oh, you're wrong.
The analysis is great.
This is what baseball is really all about.
Yeah, drugs.
steroids.
10 after 1 in 5, 60, WQN.
I'm here to call you out.
Everybody's taking a breath in the film now.
No, my baby, say those little portions.
You've just so seen inside of me, getting in film now.
No, my baby, say those little portions.
No, not the reason we did it to you.
You just have one of these, it's a sick and rude.
But to make comparisons with that area that's ridiculous.
10 after 1, 10 after 1,
you can feel the push if I need.
14 at 5, 60, WQN.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18th.
T-line report pre-sets boys through themselves at him.
How do you like that?
You're gay.
A retired woman, countless pre-secuse of sexually abusing several boys
to admit that the boys through themselves
and in hoping for a thrill,
according to what they've made by the man's boy.
Father Maurice Graham,
and now a Indian living in a facility for Alzheimer's and Zee's patients,
allegedly molested numerous boys beginning with 50,
while serving at parishes in seaside and Oak Ridge
and hitting a home for trouble use.
On October 9th, a church announced a burial apology
on specified cash settlements with 22 victims now all adults
who had found a lawsuit against Graham in the Archdiocese in December.
Weeks before filing the lawsuit,
one of the victims Joseph Elliott 41
and attorney David Slater called the priest and taped the conversation.
The Portlander Argonian heard the tape
and published the account last Tuesday.
Graham and sounded lucid on the tape
that were times his memory seems spotty.
How convenient the newspaper said.
The proof was that an unit for a moderate functioning residence
at the retirement home in suburban Portland.
I've been thinking about you.
You kids that throw yourself at other people, Graham and said,
you know what you want,
and you throw yourself at people to get what you want.
And there were others of them who did that.
They throw you, they throw them at you.
They want this.
They want some kind of excitement
so they throw themselves at somebody that's what they do.
So why did you pick on me, Elliott?
Well, you picked me, I didn't pick you.
You picked me.
You were looking for excitement to please the answer.
No, I wasn't Elliott said.
I like it. How do you like that?
He was looking for it.
Elliott asked for an apology.
I'll write, Graham, and said,
I'm sorry for what happened in the past, aren't you?
Before hanging the phone up to priest said,
say some prayers for me.
You're gay.
How do you like that, ma?
Apples.
The statute of limitations
has expired,
and will not face criminal charges.
When they're also with father church said
it had confronted Graham in 1991,
when an allegation surfaced in the retired priest
and I'd wrongdoing of course,
because they wanted it.
You're gay.
One 16 at 560 WQM.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Hi, Mural, I just want to tell you
I'm no longer understudied.
I voted last week.
I'm going out of town,
and I tell you, it's the greatest way to vote.
There's no lines, no kind of commandos.
Right.
It works extremely well.
You go in, show them your cards, both in walk-up.
And you like that?
I'm going to be out of town.
I'll choose, take advantage of it.
Okay, nice going, sir.
Thanks.
Thank you.
560-705-60.
Town 560, well they have to prove that you're going to be out of town.
They have to show them a plane ticket.
You have to bring the passport.
Note to Mural.
Note to Mural, the doctor.
Here's a mobile in Daniel, hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
All right.
All right.
Go go, we need to go in the White House.
No bush.
Yeah.
Uh, reasonable for my call.
I wanted to tell you, I want to check the volume.
I want to go out of Vegas.
Really?
Yeah, I've got to go out through the three day two night stay at the Rio All Sweat Casino.
No, go to Dito, like that place.
How sorry?
It's okay.
Is that a bad place?
No.
That's good.
I want to tell you, three days two nights, we're going to try and get out of here.
Do you suffer cancer?
You out there for a couple days?
We'll be sure you run a car.
Run a car.
Oh, yeah, I heard that.
But I went to the strip.
Huh?
I say, I hear it's down to the lower end of the strip.
It's not on the strip.
It's not on the strip.
No.
Wasn't our hair is owned by the Rio or vice versa?
Women, you said you were going to Rio Sweats.
Right.
And I heard that.
I heard that.
Cheras is owned by Rio.
Do you know anything about that?
What does that mean?
Everybody's keeping in here.
Well, what I'm getting to is that there's a guy told me there's a shuttle bus going from the Rio down to the drop the offer.
Cheras every hour down on the road.
Well, if that's the only place you're going to be going, I guess.
Well, I'm going to be checking everything out, but I'll just say that would be the quickest and easiest way to get to the strip without letting a car.
Right.
A car.
Cost me.
I only pay.
I mean, I've only been there 50 billion times.
Trust me, I'm begging you, run a car.
You'll have a great time.
Take a long 10 grand and have a good time.
Why won't you listen to me?
Huh?
You've been there.
Wouldn't you say it makes sense to write a car when you go to Vegas?
It's ours. I never did.
But we never left the strip.
And also didn't stay up to Rio's sweeps.
No.
You see, you ate God.
You see, if all he's going to be doing is taking the shuttle bus from Rio's sweeps to Harris and then like walking from there wherever else he's going to be wasting a lot of time.
He's going to be wasting a lot of time.
He's going to be the car if he's staying off the strip.
Right. And the Rio's sweeps is way, way down, again, I'm sure.
One of those damn whatever sleep that is.
But people like you there.
And I think you get to be so don't knock it.
Here's the mobile and top of the beach.
He'll have.
Yeah. You know, let me get out of this car.
I got another person talking to a car.
Did you hear anything about Larry Flint?
He was on crossfire.
He was talking about, he's been investigating George Bush for the past eight months.
Yeah.
And that he also brought up something about the fact that he's involved in some sort of an abortion type thing, which he said he will be coming out.
Well, when the hell is he going to, what is it going to come out to?
I was through it all the more.
I was through it at the best time for him to do it at the maybe a week before the election.
Yeah.
How that's my opinion.
He was on crossfire when we were.
It was this past week.
He was on crossfire.
No, back must have had a nervous breakdown.
I mean, I said Bob Novak must have had a nervous breakdown.
Yeah, the matter of fact he did.
The matter of fact he really called them on American.
And now that's not known his words, but you're right about that.
100%.
And he did say that there's a lot more coming out about George W.
And one more thing.
The other guy, let's say you have an incidentally, is your other guy keep saying, do I know him?
I do know of him.
Yes.
What kind of a talk show host is he?
I think he's rejected him.
He's not the word.
The word.
The word.
And he's got a sidekick.
Why would you listen to it?
Why would you listen to it?
Well, don't do it again.
Don't make the same mistake.
Okay.
For me once.
Give us out of town.
It was that first time I listened to it.
Well, don't do it again.
I'll never do it again.
Okay.
Thank you.
He must be putting people up to making these calls because we've already had two people mention
his name today.
And that's double his audience.
Yeah.
I mean, I scoured the callers or WNN or WWN.
They don't show up in here anywhere.
They don't exist.
It's a Phantom show on a Phantom radio station.
And I don't be grudging.
Like I said before, the guy's got to make a living.
He's got a wife and 45 without the kid.
He's got to do something.
He got a living.
And put on this 40-year super-Mr. Right-Wayne routine of his.
Whatever he wants to do.
I don't be grudge.
But who the hell wants to talk about him?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I saw him.
It was at some appearance.
I had to go to the police station.
I saw him.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
I had to go to the police station.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, that's your car's fellow who's taking credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book.
OK, I mean, I thought you would find it funny. It says, I don't have a problem with God. It's a fan club that I can't stand.
Excellent, I love it.
Thank you.
Can you play the crucifixion board game for me?
You got it.
Thank you, Robert.
OK, but I'll see you in hell.
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final person's better?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final person's better?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final person's better?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final person's better?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final person's better?
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final person's better?
The question is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful.
If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
I'm not picking best.
How about a chair?
No, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Billy.
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry. In three days, you can play again.
So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll, nails and a tiny spear.
A blood wooden cross and hammer not included.
crucifixion, a parodic of Trinity brothers.
What could be spruing me?
Okay, what pretty 3 or 560 WQA am?
Yeah, some things you look at them, and they're so honest.
They're just in the rock to religion, though.
You look at it and it's so ludicrous and ridiculous.
And you ask yourself, how could anybody believe this nonsense?
They're in the bush.
You just look at him and you listen to the crap and you see how pre-programmed he is.
Well, the same 3 or 4 cliches.
And you ask yourself, how could any thinking person believe in a tiny particle of a brain
vote for this man, even for like dog catcher?
Yes?
Oh, we're getting there.
That's pretty good.
Consider we got a slow start.
Plant parenthood total of $33,680 bucks.
And the credit card orders take two weeks.
Well, you never know these are getting real panicky.
They just call them the yellow lot because they want to speak to them, yeah?
You hear them peeping heavy on the earring of the phone and hanging up.
Or credit card orders take two weeks.
$33,680 bucks, that's pretty good, huh?
It's one of the 20th turn of October.
And we got a very late start, as usual, lately.
What is this?
One call on the board here?
One call on the board and I took away the moratorium for the rest of the day today.
So this is it between next 25 minutes.
If you want to keep the discussion going about this,
guide demolition of these two boring terminal candidates,
then you better get with it now, because this is your eye's chance.
Because I remain unconvinced, but there's still a bit of a pull over here.
That's so far as $80,650, $53, don't do it.
I remain highly unconvinced, because I'm not hearing a damn thing.
$56,750, $560, $560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And it's free.
Mobile and Bokeh, hello?
Neil!
Yes, yes.
Couple things.
First of all, technically, Clinton can run again, but after two years,
he's gone.
I was just a joke.
He was just a joke to point out to you how dumb Todd Drecking ourselves
the prominent because he was being serious.
You're really?
Yes.
That's frightening, yes.
Secondly, you know what's amazing is how the Republicans went from,
well, gee, I hope George W don't make a fool of himself on TV.
I'll be a liberal stupider then they're jumping up and down.
He didn't look stupid.
He didn't look at the idiot.
All of a sudden by the stupider, he looked like an idiot.
He looked at the actual candidate.
He didn't look presidential.
He was sweating.
He was BDIs a year's worth.
He couldn't have got all I could president of Columbus.
I couldn't believe it.
He had a nicer suit on and he didn't say anything offensive.
But I want my president to say something offensive.
I want him to jump up and down.
Well, let's face it, they're both sucking.
Well, they do, but one sex less than the other.
One sex less than we voted for somebody.
The last five elections I voted against somebody.
I didn't want those and they're not pushing.
They're not breaking their hair.
I think a lot of people voted for bubble last time.
Well, they vote for him again and again.
You know, he's as big an anti-Semite as his wife is,
but at least he's better than the alternative.
He's an anti-Semite.
Absolutely.
He refused the veto that amendment in the UN,
where the Arab's put a resolution against Israel.
That makes the United States an anti-Semite.
The fact that he personally went over there himself as a big lame butt president
and tried to mediate the Middle East and put his life on the line.
That makes the United States an anti-Semite.
So this is what killed me about somebody who Jews out there.
This kills me.
If somebody isn't completely one sided with Israel,
as if Israel's got anything to do with being Jewish,
then right away they're an anti-Semite.
Did any idea how ridiculous that is?
Christ almighty.
And of course, Hillary's anti-Semite too, we knew that.
Even though it isn't true, we knew that somebody made that up.
Like a class year?
Oh, God.
And you're talking about the public being stupid, sir?
Like I said before,
like the Yankees and the Met's the same thing with the Israelis and the Palestinians
have plagued on all of them.
That's what I say.
To all of them.
Get out of my face.
Get out of my life.
Make way for something that means something.
Oh, no, but you don't understand us.
The holy city and the holy land here.
Yeah, that's the problem.
I do understand.
22 before, I think we're going to talk about humans.
The rest of the next two weeks.
Yeah, as soon as they get an 90-year,
maybe we'll change the poor.
What would you like to talk about?
Truvans or the election?
Huh?
Or we'll make it a little more subtle than that.
By lingualism or the election?
Man, you think it would even be close.
You think it's even a goddamn contest?
By lingualism or the goddamn election?
Yeah, let's have Sandy on as one of our guests.
And we're going back to guests and topics.
Let's bring back a lovely lady, Sandy Payton.
I would love to see all of my stuff.
How's Anne's body doing, honey?
Cold.
Yeah, just like she's like a female Jeffrey Downer.
She's probably got Anne in there, a freezer somewhere.
In the box.
Oh, nice.
What box?
Ice box.
22 before, 2 at 5.60 WQAM.
That's been a lot more place, Sandy.
You stupid bitch.
She's good friends with our good buddy, Cheryl.
I'll keep that in mind.
I love this lady.
Fake.
And they all hated her like boys that I would be.
And Sandy too.
6th hand WIOD.
South Florida's information and sports authority.
And welcome back everybody.
I'm Sandy Payton and we are delighted to have in the studio this morning.
The number one radio broadcaster in the country.
Gentlemen, closing statements.
You began Senator Lieberman.
Bernie Algo and I are committed to making America's public schools crumbling classrooms.
I have tried the very hard in my career to act in a way that brings down the institutions
of government and each of us individually.
And for a while, I was drilling my wife, Padassa, and the deeper I got, that's on his up-centered.
Thank you, sir.
This is Secretary.
George Bush is a good man, an honorable man, a man of high taxes.
And Governor Bush and I want to reform the social security system so that senior citizens
suffer this one.
You'll make a first grade president.
Secretary J.J. Lee.
Senior Lieberman.
Thank you.
We thank you.
141 at 560 for putting his uniform on.
President Clinton therefore won a wide-footed airport after the tip to Arkansas.
As President Clinton walks off the plane and down the stairs and makes Anlok his notice
that he's carrying two pigs one under each arm.
As he reaches the bottom of the stairs, young green standing guard there, salutes him in comments.
Beautiful pigs you had there, sir.
Clinton glairs at the Marines, certainly in response.
Boy, these aren't the ordinary one of no pigs.
Can't you see these animals are genuine Arkansas razor-back hogs?
Clinton and Smiled at the Garden said, I got one from my wife Hillary and one from my daughter, Chelsea.
The Marines still standing at a pension, standing straight ahead, said, so excellent trade, sir.
That's kind of cute, a little bit old, but that's cute and very accurate, too.
Boy, that's Chelsea.
Woo!
560, 560, pump 560 on the AT&T on the Verizon wireless lines.
Here's the mobile in Miramar, hello.
Yes?
I'm going to show you this.
Okay, well get a phone and like a real one and it colors back.
Put the tin can in the string away and colors on a real phone.
Maybe or not.
Here's the mobile in Washington, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm not sure about the poor duty day.
Anybody know about it?
How many comments?
What?
Anybody thought bad about Italian?
No.
Yeah, I think we're the best.
We don't bother anybody.
Forget about it, you will make sure you don't never talk again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
560, 560, pump 560 on the AT&T on the Verizon wireless lines.
Yeah, greetings.
Yeah, greetings.
Yeah, let's put greetings on.
Let's hold it and they were covered in New Yorkers.
That's what they were talking about.
Here's Margate, hello.
Yeah, yeah, afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You wanted to speak about bilingualism or the election?
About speaking about both.
One of the greatest growing phenomena.
Sure, it was a joke.
I'm not discussing bilingualism or a joke.
One of the greatest phenomena in this country.
Phenomenon?
Yes.
As people speaking in tongues.
Phenomenon?
Yes.
Yeah.
As people speaking in tongues.
I think that sooner or later, when we see one of the candidates speaking in tongues.
gibt erilt, gibt erilt und ein bisschen miteren dúarse...
shine頭, die was der Rètell.
sixth religion State was not for me.
Nee, hell, replaced anything for So I came home and searched forjangles.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in time.
I had a baby, a baby, a baby, a baby.
I was crying, it was kind of fun.
I was just thinking, I was fine.
I was like, what?
Speaking in time.
They got me believein' that I come here for you.
And inside the side.
I was like, what?
What?
No, no, it was now in great speed.
I thought my tongue didn't beat, so I turned around.
Whatever I do, it'll forgive me.
Cause now I speak in time.
Oh, that makes me a believer.
And the man in front of us,
let's say a robber's fire.
Let's speak in tongues.
One, forty-five, and five-sifty,
a little bit too much tongue there.
Five-sifty, W.K., we got a hand coming up from
to a show-of-state to it to a clock,
and a special guest, Al Michaels, Jim Palmer,
and Dick Stunkin.
Here's a model in Miami, hello.
Hi, how are you doing, Bill?
Pretty good.
You know, I've got this thing for you,
show for a point of awhile now,
and I think you have an excellent show.
Yes, I do.
Now, my question to you is,
being that you are the kind of person that you are,
the kind of person that you are,
the kind of person that you are.
I mean, you have more intelligence than a gal or a bush.
I think that you enjoy,
it really should get together,
and go out there, and run for the presence.
Yeah, okay, great.
Five-six-seven-oh-five-sifty,
pound-five-sifty on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
I've got over a few millions, here's POPPINO, hello.
Yeah, I know, I love you.
Okay.
My response to the Italian,
you know why they don't circumcise Italians, don't you?
Yeah.
They can't cut that close to the brain.
Okay.
I'm out.
Okay.
Okay, this will be quick in painless.
Here's an over-end Miami, hello.
Yeah?
Yes, sir?
Hey, man, a long time with me around about a 40-stun call.
But, you know, I just got back in the town,
and the day that I left,
you were doing a driving,
I guess a driving comparison to,
you know, Haitian women,
whatever they say.
Oh, you.
Yeah, the old-juice one hands down.
Right, now, I'm curious to know why didn't you put
Cubans in that?
We did.
No, you did.
Yes, we did.
We had, sir, we did, we had old Jews, old Cubans,
and whatever else we had.
Haitians?
Well, I was actually, I was taking a back
that I didn't hear Cubans because of the fact that,
that's what I have in the engine.
Oh, okay, that's obvious, yeah.
That same day, I was at the driver's license drill,
I was wondering,
I mean, you never find that,
that don't turn in the intersection,
they sit until the light changes,
and if the light doesn't change,
you're, you're,
Is that, is that only Cubans who do that?
No, I'm not saying, I'm saying,
because I live in the acres,
we have no Cubans in plantation acres,
and there are assholes who do that all the time by me,
all the time.
Oh, all right.
Well, I mean, no, I certainly am not, you know,
I don't want to come across.
No, I understand, you don't want to come across as anti-Cuban,
I understand that.
No, I actually really do.
Well, they were there,
but then why do you insist they weren't on the list,
because I know there was on the list.
Because that day I remember,
because that's the day I was going to get my job done.
Let me say to you one more time,
he was on the list.
Now, you can keep insisting from now until the end of time,
just like insisting that you have nothing against Cubans,
and we don't believe either one.
Do it all.
No.
So, I'm saying, that's Cuban bashing out,
or let's say, what the hell,
I don't even have Cubans calling bashing Cubans.
Thank you, Carlos.
Yeah, that's right.
Thank you, Carlos.
And, well, my dress.
5.6705, CEO, like that Chmata had, yeah,
spent two...
I have a lot of fun.
Yeah, a big show.
But Neil, all the people have to do
when they go to the polls.
Look at Texas.
Neil, have a good day.
I'm out.
Now, what is that?
What's that old saying about?
What is it?
Something is bliss.
What was the first one?
What was the way that goes in?
Is bliss.
5.6705, 60,
pound 5.50 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless One.
There's a happy guy.
He's chocolate.
He's laughing.
Yeah, Gigland.
Somebody's got their finger or their photo
both up in the cab and on his lovin' it.
Maybe a feather.
Maybe a lovely sandy stuck a little feather in his cab.
Neil Rogers, show.
Sports radio.
5.60, QA.
And...
Two sets of...
I wish I was the best he ever.
I wish I was the best.
From the people that brought you music to love,
to and music to cuddle to comes a new CD
to add to your collection.
Time Life presents music to beat your wife to.
Featuring Rick Springfield.
Why did it have to, fluffy like that?
I know.
What's real in it?
Like you're with us.
When it's time for dishes to come correct,
do what the real Hick Wife feeders do.
Listen to Rick.
Call time-life music today to order your copy
of music to beat your wife to.
Operators are standing by.
Thank you.
We are you.
Thank you.
And don't forget to type this song.
That's 53.5.60 WQAM.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm just going to find out.
What do you believe?
What do you believe?
You know, you're Christian, Jewish, Muslim.
What do you believe?
You're not going to be above.
What do you fall under?
How about you're putting?
What do you fall under?
Why you?
I'll guarantee you that.
I do not fall under you.
You're moving, God?
No, I do not.
What do you believe in?
If you do, I got.
No.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Welcome.
Well, I was easy.
Okay.
I was able to help him out.
Should I always be that easy?
Right.
Here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
That was an instant conversion.
Yes, sir.
Long time since the day-to-day is with us about the third call.
Great show.
You know, I started to blame people for just going on personality
because the issues are so clouded all the time anyway.
They are.
You don't know what to believe.
They are.
Like putting fascist justices on the Supreme Court and all the federal judges
and that a cloudy issue seems pretty basic, like black and white to me.
But some of them like the tax cuts and...
That's all out of double talks.
So if that's the case, take the simple ones that are like black and white that are very easy,
but there's a tremendous difference of opinion.
And those are the ones that pick.
Well, that's true.
I don't think that's the only way.
Or even...
Or the fact that the Republican for a long time.
Or the fact that George Bush is the main in their contributors.
People like the pharmaceutical companies and the tobacco companies and the NRA.
I mean, that's your tell you where the people who support him are coming from.
If the audience could see half of the factors that come in here from the Bush people,
they hate to hear the white wing psychotic stick redneck factors,
then they'd understand what Bush is all about and who the people are behind them.
Exactly.
No, I agree with you.
I agree with you.
But the thing that really illustrated to me,
I don't know if anybody mentioned that PBS special that they had on Gora and Bush.
No.
Well, it was on right around the same time as the last debate.
So obviously nobody got the lot going on.
Well, nobody watches PBS anyway.
I tell you, we went from childhood on up where you can really see what they're about.
And George Bush was just...
He was just a party animal over time.
Right. He's just a spoon-fed brat. That's all he is.
We need to elect a real statesman, Al Gore.
Okay. Okay, both twice.
5 6 7 0 5 60. There's a couple more for you.
All you bush people are getting real fat and complacent now.
It's all over. He's a finder to head into polls.
And let me also say, don't get fooled by those CNN polls I told you that last week.
I'll say it every day, don't get sucked in by those right-wing Gallup polls.
They mean nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
In fact, when there's 150 other polls, they also live in 234 points.
And when the Gallup polls show Bush 10 and 11 points ahead.
What does that tell you?
Does this something rotten?
In Atlanta.
Here's Miramar. Hello.
Miramar.
Bill Gore is asshole.
Okay. Bill Gore is an asshole.
Okay.
When A-Hool, here's a mobile or West Palm. Hello.
Mobile or West Palm?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Kind of a slow, yes.
That's like I couldn't leave without saying goodbye.
It's 14 years I'm listening to you.
And I'm on my way to California.
Bye, bye, bye.
Bye, bye, bye.
That's been great.
And I'll try and catch you on the next.
Okay, good luck, your pal.
Thanks a lot.
Say hi to Alice Randsell, see if he's still hating so.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
33,680 for plant heritage so far on a best of BLCD's cassette and those nifty key chains.
Which you can get on our website at theoranges.com.
www.nw2am.com and all your spectators and software to end the Naples and Formires as well.
Have got the CDs and cassettes.
And two of you's going to be doing some appearances.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
The Hadasim meetings around town.
Okay, yes.
Neil's a proud panic arm from Boca Raton.
And I'm converting one of these old bitties just on the listening program again.
Oh, hey.
I listen to all these people out there smith together today.
No.
I don't know.
This must be a weird Monday.
I think there's a full moon out there because the plumber just left the house and he had a full moon.
Anyway, back to this election.
You know, it's clearly fine we're running for office.
We have the three stooges.
Okay, great.
Here's a mobile and lighthouse boy.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
I've lived here for a long time.
First time caller.
I don't like either candidates.
But I could say that if I'm a single mail, I make 33,000 a year.
And there's no catch relief in the go-up plan for a single mail making 33,000 a year.
I just found this out.
I think that's 60 cents a day and a bush plan is going to really help you put you over the top.
But I'm a registered Democrat.
I'm the same one.
Let me say it again.
That's 60 cents a day and the bush plan is really going to put you over the top, sir.
I don't know.
All right.
Okay.
I don't know.
See, well, there's no sensors, no feeling.
And there's that sound again.
Is that the thing on the phone again?
We have more problems.
What's the deal?
We've got something to do with this phone.
That's really like the status system.
Well, don't you remember many, many months ago we're getting the news.
