Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell call.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessary.
No!
Those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Ah!
She looks like a lady.
Like a lady.
Look like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
Well, the difference between the times.
Oh, yes, there is.
But between the times.
Oh, yes.
You showered me with kisses.
I thought you were my queen.
But I noticed something funny.
I saw the bulge in your jeans.
She looked like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
Well, the difference between the times.
Oh, yes, there is.
But between the times.
You were my perfect lover.
But how I was surprised.
Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised.
Oh, look like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There is a difference between the times.
Oh, yes, there is.
Between the times.
What I make mistake yesterday.
Or what?
A big one.
Wow, made a bad mistake taking those calls.
Nobody here, we just got that riff left here in town.
Am I going to do it again today?
No.
Or tomorrow?
I've got a lot of great stuff.
Haven't played that in a long time.
I've got some of these old best stuff things to play here today.
I've got a lot of stuff that I want to talk about.
Lots of stuff to cover today.
I just want to mention in passing David,
Janiel and Michael Russo pair of assholes.
Real mate, no, they're just assholes is what they are.
In the pocket of the organization.
I don't want to say there was Robert Grieper that's missed on you guys
ripping me over there in practice in the morning.
I think we're rip away guys.
I love it.
Because when I know that I'm really getting to you,
I know that I'm doing my job well.
You're just about to rubber stamps right in the bunch of puff pieces.
This is the only market in the world where a supposedly professional sports franchise
could be doing to the public what the Panthers are doing to the people here.
And they get a free pass.
And Michael Mayo writes one column that was actually pretty good
to get so little carried away talking about Burrey,
hidden, and Terry Murray would have a stick.
And right away, that's the only thing that they can see in the article.
You guys are pathetic.
You're a bunch of suckles.
Which this town?
Haven't I always said that?
This town is loaded with suckles.
There's almost nobody in this town will let it tell it like it is.
Everybody wants licky, licky, licky, licky.
I'm not going to do that on this show.
Unless you really look good.
Bring it on.
I'll let you know whether I'm going to lick or not.
Speaking of licky, man, what is with you people on the roads?
I mean, on a good day.
On a perfect day here, it's bad.
At best, it's a nightmare.
Even Blocfo has just told me.
And I hasten to agree.
I have never in my life.
I've lived here 25 years.
I've never seen anything like what I saw in the last 24 hours on the roads here.
Now, coming to work the last two mornings, all granchets, nice.
There's nobody here.
Traffic is light.
Get here in no time at all.
But in the afternoon, going home yesterday?
Everybody out there is like hitting the egg now, I think.
I'm serious, though.
You either stall or run.
Blinds or drunk or whatever.
They're just the drop in acid, doing magic mushrooms.
You're out of your minds.
You're crazy people.
It's not that there's a great volume of traffic, but it's the ones who are out there.
There are nuts.
Every single one of you are nuts.
I'm on the turnpike trying to go home and they're like, all jammed up.
They're like, going sideways and upside down and backwards.
And 595, the same thing going on yesterday.
I made the bad mistake, going to publish last night just to pick up a couple items.
The song, Rasp Publix, where they're great people inside.
But boy, what was going on outside?
And it wasn't necessary with that jammed up either, for the day after Christmas.
I've seen the parking lot a lot fuller than that.
But the people who are in there, they're like driving around in circles and like blocking everybody off.
And what do I do now?
Where do I go?
And what gear do I put it in?
Where do I stick it?
I'm sitting in my car just screaming at the top of my lungs.
Come on already.
Somebody goes somewhere.
I'd like to get home before midnight.
This was 6 o'clock.
And I left two blocks away.
Something definitely to be said for getting the holidays over with.
Fast, soon, real soon.
Okay, here's our poll.
Jason Robards is dead.
I should mention that great actor.
You know Jason Robards?
No.
Name something he was in.
A boy in his dog with Dine Johnson?
I'm mentioning that because that might be one you'd know.
No.
Death of a salesman?
No.
No.
What are the all-time greatest actors who ever lived?
A drunkard.
But a great actor.
He's dead.
Was he in any war movies?
No.
No, not that I know of.
Who else died?
Oh, over the way.
What's his name?
The penis.
Victor Brogad died.
Now you got to know who Victor Brogad is.
Oh, yeah.
You don't?
No.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Woo!
Okay.
Jason Robards and Victor Brogad and Joe Costello
hasn't got any idea who either won them more.
That makes me very sad.
Victor Brogad was the comedian who was a great piano player.
But you know, he never played.
He always would pretend to play the piano
and then he would threaten to play it.
He'd play a few notes and he'd fall down and do it.
He was a hysterical.
But much before your time.
He was about 140 years old.
Old enough.
He's dead.
Here's our plural from yesterday.
Not too big of a response because nobody's in town.
In fact, a lot more than I thought we'd get.
Vest of Nealtapes.
Like the one that we played on Christmas Day, which I, oh, man,
you thought the show was bad yesterday, which it was.
Thanks to you folks.
I'm going to tell you, I'm still so embarrassed
from that tape on Monday.
Those vest of Nealtapes suck.
They absolutely, positively suck.
And I don't care what our consultant says or what our general manager says.
Anybody who thinks that they could survive a whole summer in this place
playing those tapes every day?
I'd come back here to be playing the reruns of the roadrunner here on a goddamn radio
between 10 and 2 every day.
You have to be out of your mind.
They're old.
They're stale.
They're outdated.
And when we're actually playing tapes, who I'm talking about,
well, today is December the 12th.
Last time I checked it was Christmas Day on Monday when I'm driving home from the airport.
No, today is December the 12th.
And I'm talking about stuff.
Guess what?
That was going on on December the 12th.
With the electors and the election, and they're still counting the ballots
and waiting for these oprenues.
And I mean, who the hell in their right mind wants to hear that anymore?
In fact, that's you would have been honest with it wasn't that worth hearing the first time,
based on what I heard of the tape.
And we're playing it again.
Because it fills some time.
It fills up four hours.
And we can run from the spots in there.
It's a spot holder.
You've heard of a pod holder.
We have shows that are spot holders.
And if you don't believe me, at 3.45 this day, I still can't believe this.
I realize it's the holidays.
But we have to be kidding.
I was all excited because I see the mad dog is on in prime time.
I heard a little bit of him in the car last night.
Thanks for the kind words, mad dog.
Had good things to say about me.
About the big gorilla, as he calls me.
But at any rate, he's on today at two.
Hank's got a few days off here for the holidays.
But he's only until 3.45 the mad dog.
Yeah!
Why?
What do we have at 3.45?
Hurricane warm-up.
And what do we have at 4.00 the afternoon?
Hurricane basketball.
Not just any Hurricane basketball game.
They're playing the Lehigh Mountain Hawk at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Did you know what the nickname of?
You don't know Victor Broger and Jason Robards.
Please don't tell me you knew the nickname of Lehigh.
No.
The Mountain Hawks didn't know it.
Yeah, I think they came to the chicken hawks.
The Lehigh Mountain Hawks at the U of M.
Hurricane, I guarantee there will be more people at that game
than they will be listening.
And you know how many people are going to be attending that game this afternoon?
Behind, yeah.
Pops.
That's an optimistic view.
There will be behind people in the stands.
Which is probably three times more than the ones will be listening.
But it's, you know, we'll get some spots on during the game.
It's a spot holder.
That's all we care about.
Just get the spots on.
Like now.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.60.
What are you laughing about?
That's all we're here for is to get the spots on.
That's all we're here.
Why do we play those best of Neil tapes?
We know they suck.
Oh, I never give the poor result.
They're okay once in a while 264.
They suck, which is what I voted, 162.
They're my favorite when Neil isn't there, 149.
Which means that out of the 575 votes we had, 149 people must hate George a lot.
Because to say that they like to tape that that's their favorite one I'm not here.
That's saying a lot, George.
And don't drink too much eggnog this week.
Ten minutes after 10 at 5.60.
No question of the program may be reproduced in the first written permission of W2AN
B.C. Black has group incorporated.
This is a stance for nothing.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Talk daddy.
Sitting in the chair.
I'll call you a puppy.
Yo, yo, man. Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery right here.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-P-E-R, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man. It's $100 question, man.
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This is a million dollar question.
Well, this is the first one.
Man.
It's only for $100.
It's just a black thing.
Did you like to use a life rock?
Yeah, all right. What do I got? What do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience the 50-50 and the phone a friend.
Ask the audience.
That's only white people in here.
That's 50-50 and you're going to help me.
Oh, you know what? I'm going to phone a friend.
I'm going to phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery right?
Yeah.
All right. Who are we going to call, puppy?
Oh, my boy. Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty would come.
Friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Read your film from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you?
I got your friend here.
Puff Daddy.
Yo, dirty was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
All right. All right.
Oh, was that me?
Old dirty.
Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And the next voice you hear will be his.
And 30 seconds begins now.
What the.
Yo, dirty.
Finish this off for me.
All right.
Pickering, DICKERY, BLACK.
Is it A DUCK, B, P, C, Marino, or D, Italy?
Oh, oh.
Come on, man. I don't have much time.
I know this, man. I know it.
I see this, P. P. You sure?
I'm about 30, man.
It's a lot of money, man.
I know about 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
Hi, man.
Times up for old dirty said, P.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Want to poll the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
I actually know there's only three lifelines of you.
One you have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's DUCK, it's A.
It's DUCK.
My final answer is DUCK, it's DUCK.
And it's a good one.
You got to hold it.
Where are you running, wife?
Where are you running?
Somebody's hiding from me.
I'm telling you right.
That's 17 at 5.60.
Lots of good stuff.
We're going to be here today, tomorrow, Friday, and all day.
Great stuff.
Stuff you haven't heard a long time.
Stuff that you might want to hear actually again someday.
But in the meantime, great column by Max J. Castro
in the hero on the Off-Ed page today.
I'm not going to read it's too long.
It's Ponderous Decider and Read.
Especially during the holidays.
But I just bring it to your attention.
You're going to want to read it.
Stuff Stadium.
And it just starts out by saying to those who are trying to sell us the idea that my
image future hinges on the Marlins in the sweetheart deal that provide gobs of
public money to build a stadium so that they promise to stay here.
Cities are great because of fine museums, good libraries, beautiful parks, and vibrant neighborhoods.
Cities become great because of their culture.
They're urban, sold, and the spirit of the people.
Cities are not made great by their ball teams or their ball parks.
It goes on at Great Lane.
Max J. Castro, who is one of the few columnists in this town who on a regular basis makes a lot of sense.
All the time.
Every column he writes that I can recall is right on target.
Even during the early on days, he takes a lot of heat and a lot of crap from the militant old green tooth Cuban community.
But he makes a lot of sense and he's got a big peer.
Which find in anybody who does either of those in this town makes sense and has a big peer.
He's like looking for a needle in a haystack.
See, I don't want to dwell on it because it's depressing, but this town just attracts so many losers.
Like doctors.
Look at all the bad doctors we have here.
I mean, trying to fight a good doctor here, like I said, looking for a needle in a haystack in the ocean.
Stock brokers.
See, you're snickering.
That's one of my new years resolutions.
It's almost a new year and I'm not going to make a lot of stupid resolutions that I can't keep.
But one I am going to make is that during the month of January, very, very soon, I'm going to find me a real financial planner.
Somebody that's not obsessed with the same one-dimensional old crap.
I mean, if I would have a broker that bought me a stock called Ask Jeaves at 120 bucks a share.
It is now like $2 a share today and I'm diverging and going belly up.
I'd have to wonder if this man had his head on straight.
Not to mention, of course, the one that he did buy me, like Shukrish and this TV and all the other direct that this man is obsessed with.
And I want to talk about the stock market that I was told in Joe this morning.
The fact is that during this last year, the zactases it has been, health care stocks and mutual funds, energy, natural gas, other forms of energy, reach.
All kinds of things where people have made money.
Not everybody lost their ass.
But when you're dealing with somebody who's just a generic stock broker who's one-dimensional, who only knows one thing and keeps repeating the same mistakes over and over again,
you're not dealing with anybody you want to trust your money too, Mitch.
You're dealing with a loser.
Those kinds of guys are a dime a dozen.
Now, I'm going to embark upon finding somebody because down here, like I said, everybody's a pitchman.
Everybody's, they're hyping and they're hustling and like that idiot at the hockey games.
The hustler.
Oh, yeah, we're going to do this. We're going to do that. We've got so many billion dollars locked up and biting.
Yeah, and if you're doing so great, how come you're hustling me like you're desperate for my money?
I don't get it.
Oh, speaking of those hockey games, am I going to be going tonight?
Oh, see, I come on yesterday and I made a statement which I thought was, again, pretty gutsy and pretty on target.
I should have been a good little object less than a lot of people out there instead of being suckers the rest of your lives.
And I get one call on it from some greasy old fart in a halondale.
Some disgusting, miserable old piece of dreck which halondale is loaded with, which they specialize in.
You're a hypocrite.
Baby, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you don't even know the meaning of the word, sir.
You're an old disgusting jackass.
You're pathetic. You're what's wrong with this town.
All I said was that I'm not going to be going any more of those games.
I'm going to the game with my team, the Toronto Maple Leafs play here on Saturday.
And yes, they lost to another girls team last night. It wouldn't make any difference.
If they lost every game, I've been a fan for 42 years. I'm a real fan.
I live and die with Toronto Maple Leafs, which no matter what sport you like, assuming you like any of them,
that's what a real fan is all about.
But what's happening with the Panthers hasn't got anything to do with living and dying with a team, there's no effort.
There's no effort by half of the players or more.
There's no effort by the organization.
We have a whitewash going on by the media who all of a sudden have a lot jaw and can't open up their mouth and are pissed off at me
because on the one person in town, it's got the balls to tell it like it is.
It's not just the fact that they play 35 games and they won only six.
And the fact is that the product that they're putting on in front of the people is an embarrassment.
They had to be giving refunds after those games.
That's not having a good time to go see a lackluster in non-effort and keep reading these stupid puff pieces in newspaper about Terrey Murray as like George Stephanopoulos.
He's becoming a real philosopher and he's up to a four in the morning wondering about this.
He's wondering all right. When the hell the guy named Shoah is going to drop,
the way the hell he's going to wind up screwing things up next, which can't happen soon enough.
I mean how stupid can people be that when the people belly-ick and about Wayne and about John Henry and rightfully so,
but whether you keep subsidizing them for, why do you keep lending them your tangible support?
When saying, the best analogy would be I was telling this to Duff before the show.
You went into a restaurant they even go in two for years and you really enjoyed going there.
Not a place with like greasy cool cuts like that one place, but I'm talking about a real good restaurant.
Oh yeah, I'll get to them. I'm going to rip them in the ass today too.
If Duffo could butcher up and up to it, I salute Duffo, man. He's growing a small pair.
Joe Rose is working on him and he's finally getting Duffo to grow a small pair.
Even Rippo's chronic guys. It's like a fracking fine monster.
He invented it and now he's destroying it. Nice going Duffo. You suck her.
But anyway, let's say there was a restaurant you really enjoyed going to.
And the food was delicious and the service was great and they were friendly.
You'd always had a good time there and the prices were reasonable.
And then all of a sudden the quality of the food started going down.
And the prices kept going up and up and up and the service they just threw the food at you and they treated you like crap.
Like, hey, don't bother me. I'm busy reading a book.
And finally one day you went to the manager and you said, you know, I've been coming here for years
and I really used to enjoy it here, but lately the food is crap.
The prices are ridiculous and the service is in different at best and rude.
And they said, well, where the prices have sold on the restaurant.
And when we find a new owner, then the food will be good again and the service will be great.
And then the prices were more reasonable.
Now let me ask you, is there any person in his right mind who would go back and eat in that restaurant again until they served the restaurant?
You know, you're using places under a new management, you know?
Okay, fine, I'll give him a chance.
But if you knew that that was their attitude, is there any chance that any sane person would go back?
Absolutely not.
No.
And that's why I'm not going to be going to any of those games except when the Toronto Maple Leafs are here.
I'm going to be rooting for them like I always do because that's my team.
I'm a fan of that team and that organization.
And we have plenty of dreadful years up there, but the fact is that's the team I'm a fan of.
How can you be a fan of this of what's going on here?
Of the slap in the face routine that goes on every couple of nights.
It's not fun, it's not entertaining.
And like I said yesterday, they sit around in a bitch session before the game and in between periods with a bunch of the same people.
And I'm not saying they're bad people, some of them are nice people, and they're hoping for the best, but they're naive.
If that's the best they can do with their lives is to put on their silly little, you know, their sweaters and go to their sit there and pretend that they're having a good time.
Good luck here.
Find a life.
Go out and hold up a seven-leather.
Do something that's exciting.
Good griefs an eggnog.
But that's not excitement. That's not entertainment.
So if you want to attack me, if I'm the villain all of this, I'm not the one that's taking your money.
I'm not the one that's sticking it to you and saying, oh well, I'm not going to do anything to improve it until it's good for me.
That's barely.
That's the man that's stuck with you with his freaking Marlon.
That's the same guy that's doing a two with these panthers.
And that's the same guy that will always do it to you.
He's the same guy that gave us blockbuster rather than the blockbuster park.
Not.
That's why we're into this thing about a stadium now, because that was another line along a list of lies.
Oh yeah, remember blockbuster park and we were going to have a stout dome stadium and the dolphins were going to play in a football stadium in the Marlins.
We're going to play in the baseball stadium where we're going to have a world-class Olympic training track and all of these things.
Did it happen?
No.
And why didn't it happen?
Because Wayne decided that it was time to take his $2 billion or whatever the hell he had in his blockbuster stock and make that tearful exit on TV with the crocodile tears running down his cheeks.
Wayne Heizinger can take his blockbuster stock.
He can take his Miami dolphins.
He can take his Florida panthers.
He can take all of his crocodile tears as far as I'm concerned and stick them all way up in his ass.
Because he's not going to get another dime on my money under any circumstances.
I'm going to speak in my own soda Saturday night when the elite game is on.
I'm going to even go to buy his goddamn sodas.
You can stuff it right up your ass.
Because the way that you treat the public, the way you slide people in the face and you're still like I said, got these stupid people keep coming back for more.
I don't get it.
I understand it.
I don't understand how I've been at stupid.
It's taken me this long.
I realized it's a pretty boring place down here, but Jesus even even just going to the track and losing $100 is going to be a lot more fun.
Then go ahead and see in that crap again.
And the excuses and the bull crap and the stories and these cover-up guys and all these little bushly minor league kids writing this garbage in the newspapers puff pieces.
Man, sad.
So you guys can be pissed off and me over there.
It doesn't bother me. It wouldn't be the first time.
Be pissed off all you want.
I take it as a high compliment.
I must be saying the right things.
Look in the mirror and see the swirl that you guys are writing in your newspapers.
They're going to be what are supposed to be real major market newspapers.
What a pair of shows you guys are.
And how about the rest of these guys Dave Hyde and Dave Joseph and Eddie Deport, but all these other guys, where is there coming?
What are they going to open up a mouth and say something?
They got locked y'all.
Because certain people in this town like Wayne Hyde Penga, they get a free pass.
They can do no wrong.
And like I said, pass rhymes with stick it up your ass, Wayne.
And have a good time doing it.
27 after 10 at 560 WQM.
3.5.8.9
It was on Saturday morning and exactly 9.04
But nothing could have prepared me that I'm not done by this door.
He was rousing, he was going to be in patty to the head.
He was just about to put a cad in to the microwave.
I used the bathroom in the city and cared that he was re-cluttered.
And said, no, he was over there.
I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be.
And there was things that grew so big that they were all too big.
I didn't see the situation.
I had to know for the whole.
But I found Jesus in Rick, I raised John.
I was right.
He changed my life on Paul Matthew's birthday.
Because by the time I washed my hands I washed my sins away.
Now I'll learn to be intolerant.
I'll wash that raw fruit son and I'll vote for Matthew.
Can't let me be the same as we grew up.
I'll be in to be a dancer.
But my liable laser gone.
Because I'm Jesus in Rick, I live John.
Oh!
And back at you, 1032 and 560 WQM.
It's a call free week.
The rest of the week.
I'm a big fan god after yesterday.
Wow!
What two people did at the show yesterday?
I wouldn't do the hangout.
I wouldn't do the Hitler.
What you did at the show yesterday?
What do you expect?
I told you we got nothing but geeks and the desperate.
Just take a look around you.
If you're in your car right now, I'd pull over to the side of the road and just forget about it.
That's your best bet.
Here's our poll for today.
See, this is like a cathodic experience at the end of the year,
like getting an audio system, like one gigantic bowel movement.
Because I'm frustrated by a lot of things.
A lot of them being the fact that we really all raise the kind of money with these charity campaigns anymore, like we used to.
Of course, we're not at the old station anymore, we're over here.
And we don't really get an awful lot of cooperation here.
We don't get a lot of involvement.
But that's the understanding of the century.
It used to be kind of like a station campaign at IOD.
Here it's like, well, that's Neil on his island over there.
Maybe a few of us will humor him and throw a check for whatever that stupid charity might be this year.
But other than that, screw him.
And then, of course, we also added the mention of the fact that all the punks out there now are downloading from Napsteer
and also burning copies of the CDs.
So try to sell CDs to raise money for charity is a fruitless effort at this point.
Miguel is working on getting us a total which she'll be able to have a day or two tomorrow.
And of course, the thing continues through the 31st through Sunday.
And you can buy your best of Neil's CDs and because that's still in specs.
But we'll be lucky to raise 80 grand, I would say.
You know, that's my estimate, my best guess.
Of which 10 grand is the money I had, the seed money I put in there in the beginning.
So you're talking about really raising about $70,000 in an area of 4 million people.
Not all that good.
Not that great.
And of course, if George were here this week, which he's not, he's busy with homework and eggnog.
But if he were here, we could have that same argument again about the key chance.
And if we had a lot more of them, we'd raise a lot more money.
Could we have that same argument again?
I wouldn't be at any point because, you know, if I talk to my mother, I'm talking, he's not listening.
If I talk to a rock.
So I'll pull a question today.
Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore?
Now, what is the look?
You give me a look?
I just didn't know you were going to do it today.
Why?
You had mentioned it.
Why not?
Today is as good as any.
Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore?
Yes? No, or I don't give a shmit.
Those are your three choices.
I mean, nobody listens to the show because they care about the CDs or they, you know, and nobody listens for that reason.
And when you really stop and figure it out, for example, I'm looking at the, where's the number?
Where now let go, Eric?
One moment, please.
Where the hell is the number on the, oh, the order, 703 on our website on NeilRage.com.
703.
Now, stop and figure out when you consider the fact that we have people listening in New York and in Detroit and even in other countries, not a whole lot.
And you all isolated here and there in Phoenix, 703 on the internet when you're all over the world.
That's not a resounding number.
In fact, I'll guarantee you that more than 703 people have downloaded this stuff from Napster and stolen it free, then came up with a 20 bucks per plan period.
Go and take it.
No contest.
How much of it do you think is actually on Napster?
I mean, how many of the bits could possibly be on there?
Or even if it's not on Napster, just to burn the copy for their friends for free, which everybody and their brother now getting the, I got one of those.
Remember the day I got it, year to ago, the CD, Burner, it's great.
In fact,
Oh, yeah, I got all kinds of stuff that I, you know, make my own CDs.
I'll like great European music that nobody here wants to hear, but I'm going to play some of the day anyway.
But anyway, because you look, you seem so depressed about this, which I have no idea why.
We can still have a free meal at the pizza loft, Joe.
I understand that.
We're getting free, we're getting free lunch from my novel today.
You got a nice little tradition going.
Yeah, for many, many years.
And the people love the CDs and the keychains even more.
And then why stuff?
But we did, while we did stop for the one year, and that was the year that was in limbo, even though I already signed a contract to come over here.
And these people didn't want to do it.
Why didn't they want to do it?
Because the main reason being that they're afraid they'd have to put up the seed money and be in the cheap bricks that they aren't always, I have it a trouble finding two nickels to rub together.
And they didn't want to do that.
In addition to which, when it comes to promotion, it's not a never vocabulary.
Don't you understand that after all the time you've been here?
It's not a never vocabulary.
They don't know what that means.
It's not existent to them.
Do you know what our promotional budget is?
What is it?
You really don't know.
I want you to ask, during the next break, I want you to go in and ask Miguel what the promotional budget is for his department.
He's the promotions.
I don't know what his title is today.
But he's in charge.
And find out what our monthly promotion budget is.
You, I guarantee you will pay in your pants.
You'll have to put on depends.
For a company that's listed on the NASDAQ, on the Stock Exchange.
Which house that stock do it these days?
Eight looks.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't say it's doing great.
Doing better than zero auction as James put together.
Which is pretty scary, much.
Yeah, we don't have any promotion.
It's not an our vocabulary.
It's not something these people are interested in doing.
People come to it like when we used to do the appearances.
Oh, where is there a bumper stickers?
QA and bumper stickers.
And you just laugh.
You just laugh right out loud because of course we don't believe in those things.
We don't do that stuff.
Yeah, but you're big time.
You don't need promotion, right?
Oh yeah, right.
Anyway, here's the question since Joe is just a dead set against my ask in this.
But I will anyway, should Newer bother with charity campaigns anymore?
Yes, no, or I don't give a shmit.
Those are the three questions.
And whichever one you answer, that's fine with me.
It doesn't phase me in the least.
And explain that that means no keychains, no CDs.
Right.
Well, let me ask you something.
Do you think that anybody in the audience will stop listening because we don't have keychains?
Do you think that people will stop tuning in?
Is that why people listen to the show so they can...
Let me ask you another question.
What percentage of the people are listening right now, all 500 of them, you think have the keychain?
What percentage of the people who listen to this show on a pretty regular basis
ever donate a dollar or more to any of the charities we get involved with?
Infinite, testingly small.
Now, you were there at Pizza Loft tonight.
We did our one fundraiser this year because we were not doing all that great and we're kind of desperate.
I didn't really want to do any.
And we raised a couple of grand, which was nice.
And there were a lot of people showed up.
The place was packed all night for three hours.
And you saw the crowd.
We had, I would say, I don't know how many.
There were a lot of people came by.
And on that crowd, there were about 50% of the people who were like, you know, one of the middle
nice ordinary living and breathing people.
And then there were...
I don't know what I'm trying to be kind.
How would you describe the other 50% of the people, the other people?
I mean, would geeks...
Would that be like a...
That would be complementary.
Wouldn't it?
George would call them troggly dice.
The word geeks bearing gifts or bearing anything.
So my point is that the groupies, generally speaking, those are the ones who are like...
People packing into this stuff, you know, the groupies.
Having gone out in the van and met these people, not the ones you're talking about, but the regular people.
They seemed pretty into it and happy to have these things available.
Well, we'll find out.
We're taking the poor.
I'm not pushing in one direction or the other.
Like I said, whatever they vote on that.
I'm open-minded.
Next year's next October is a long way off.
A lot of crap can happen between now and October.
Who knows the station to be sold between now and next October?
Somebody might come along.
Some Christian company could come along and buy the whole outfit.
And pay me off and say, here's a check for like four million dollars.
Have a nice life.
And I have a good time in Amsterdam.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm just sticking out loud.
You do understand that.
And I'm not saying it's going to happen.
But I'm just sticking to myself out loud since it is the time of the year when people start hallucinating from too much eggnog.
Twenty-four-eleven at 560 WQM.
I'm losing my asset.
Eight am a quarter.
I'm wondering why I did.
I bought a VVG.
Hi!
Hi!
Haven't had any in a while.
It's time to have fun.
Leave the wife and kids at home this weekend and relax a little.
T and A airlines present to you to get up and go get laid and say,
why any of our 69 destinations for special low prices to go right now.
Most airlines give you nuts.
We give you a little T and A.
T and A airlines.
Because you're tired of masturbation.
At 5.46 and 5.60.
I guess they asked Joe Costello out of curiosity.
What about those dolphin playoff tickets?
Because they're a hanky ass today.
I'm not saying the fact that they mailed them regular male last Thursday.
And then I even heard mad dog last night.
Why would he need tickets for the game when he broadcast the games?
Wouldn't you think he'd have normal press credentials to get into the...
But anyway, I guess he gets tickets.
Or maybe he gets tickets that he gives to somebody.
But anyway, he hasn't got his yet either.
So what do you grow to the game or not on Saturday?
I'll depend on whether or not I get my tickets sometime like the next three days.
Not that they're cutting it close, you understand?
Somebody faxes me this and I'm glad that they did because I did see in the paper this morning.
I almost forgot about it.
Why to be fair?
Why to make sure we attack all sides?
New work through Jersey.
In Orthodox Rabbi who led a national Jewish youth organization.
Oi!
Sexually abused women and girls and physically abused both boys and girls.
At least he spread it around.
According to a report commissioned after he resigned over the allegations last summer.
The internal investigation also concluded that some personnel of the Orthodox Union and its national conference of synagogue youth failed to respond properly to red flags
raised during decades of complaints against Rabbi Baruch Lanner.
Baruch, I'll call out an eye.
No cover up was found by Lanner's inappropriate and could be heavier should have led it was firing.
According to a summary of the report released yesterday.
How do you like that?
So it's the priest and the rabbis and all these crazy people who are doing your kids and having a good time doing it.
Okay, here we go.
Now how should I vote on this thing?
I vote it.
I don't give a shmit.
Huh?
So that makes me neutral.
And whether we should continue doing the fundraiser or not?
I'm going to do a crystal.
And I just don't give a shmit anymore.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
I smoke marijuana and shot a load on Monica.
Monica is a woman who was an intern in the White House.
Instead of taking memos, she took off her white blouse.
I guess you could say I'm the talk of the nation.
Oh, not a real good time for a family vacation.
Let me just say thanks for my high approval writing.
It's good to know Americans don't mind that they're marital dating.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
I drink gin and tonne of go and then set up for Monica.
Hillary is angry.
I really thought I lost her.
But I said if she'd stay with me, I'd shoot up a bouse with its foster.
As for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad.
She's a college sophomore but gets fewer days than that.
You know I could escape and escape this big old mess.
I'm Monica and I'm more careful about that residue on her dress.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
She blew my heart, I'm Monica and I blew my nerve, I'm Monica.
I really, really want to go apologize for Monica.
She blew my heart, I'm Monica and I blew my nerve, I'm Monica.
For all of you who loved our pop-up wipes for babies,
here's a new thought about the wipe just for adults.
Hey, ass-white, you talking to me?
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
What do you want?
And that's why you got one?
Sure, here you go.
Hey, thanks.
When you're on the go, you don't always have time to wipe thoroughly with toilet paper.
If at all, that's when you use new ass wipes.
The moist towel head and the convenient pop-up container.
Honey, you're squirming in your chair, you're eating white pop-up related here.
Well, I was so darn busy today, I just didn't have the time.
You're, you need an ass wipe.
However, ass wipes are specially formulated to handle even the most stubborn fecal fiascoes.
And they're sent in to give you that fresh, just wipes feeling.
Say, Bill, that ass wipe you let me today was a real life saver.
I don't want it back, Bob.
Understood.
Yeah, I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop digging and scratching.
In there.
But that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle.
And that minty fresh feeling gave me the confidence I needed to land the account.
Ass wipes available in your grosses, things to wipe your butt with, section.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
How much for a kiss?
How much for a kiss?
Could I get it for an equal?
Could I get it for a quarter?
He got smaller, more money than I'll miss.
How much for a run?
How much for a hug?
Could I get it for an equal?
Could I get it for a quarter?
He got smaller, more money than I'll miss.
How much for a quick feel?
How much for a quick feel?
Could I get it for an equal?
Could I get it for a quarter?
And would I get a good deal?
Can I touch your eye me?
Can I touch your eye me?
Okay.
Could I touch it for a nickel?
Could I touch it for a quarter?
You wouldn't have to remind me.
Aha, ha, ha, ha, I've got no money to spend.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold, you be my friend.
A-a-a-a-time could take us far.
If you'll please get in my car,
and I'll say to you,
how much for a home job?
How much for a home job?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
Can I get a for a home job?
Aha.
Now, a day in the life of three Baptist.
Hey fellas, let's do something.
I feel like doing something.
How's about we go shopping like the Kmart?
That's a good idea.
Kmart, wait a minute.
What?
We can't.
Oh, I know.
Because Kmart's doing a promotion on that there Hercules movie.
Put out by Disney kids.
All right.
Me, I think I got it.
What?
Let's go save the lost world at your asset dinosaur movie.
Oh, that's a crazy idea.
Wait a minute.
What?
We can't.
Why?
Because Jeff Goldbloom's in that and he used to date Laura Dern.
Oh, okay, go there.
What?
There's always a baseball game.
I like baseball.
That's it.
Wait a minute.
What?
What?
We can't.
What?
Why not?
Because the only game on is the Yankee game.
Yankee, though?
The soundbritters didn't do nothing.
Yeah, but they're playing the angels.
Disney can't do.
Well, hey, let's watch some TV.
NBC's got Third Rock from the Sun.
NBC's our out-of-watch.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
I'll let you know it.
We can't.
Why?
Because Third Rock star John Lickow, who was in that butthloose movie with Kevin Bacon,
who was in that Merrill Street movie, The River Wild, and Merrill was in Silkwood with
Cher and Kurt Russell and Kurt was in the computer ward tennis shoes.
Yes, we can't.
Hey, hey, hey, look at here in the paper.
Luke Perry signed an autographs down at the record store.
Luke Perry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wait a minute.
We can't.
I know.
Because Luke was in the fifth element with Bruce Willis, who was in diehard too with John Amos
from good times, who used to live next door to Calvin Platt.
Oh.
Yep.
Looks like it's delivering again.
Right here.
Right here.
Right here.
Right here.
Once I had a girl, she was a beautiful girl, but she had that stank breath.
Her breath was so bad.
One time she put a tick tag in her mouth and it jumped right back out and said, no, no, no.
This job is too big for me.
Shut your mouth.
Your stank breath is in my face.
Oh, baby, your breath's so bad.
Stank it on the whole dark place.
While little darling won't you shut your mouth.
I just can't take no more.
A few more whips of your stank breath.
I'll be passed out on the floor.
You can't get enough of those four foul mouth kids from South Park.
Well, Comedy Central changes attitudes and latitudes with four wise guys from Alabama.
Join the last on the all new animated series Deep South Park.
You smell it, Paul.
So meetin' here, Bailey.
I bet your daddy did your sister every night.
So what's your point, Rufus?
It's Deep South Park with all the dirty language and ethnic slurs to ensure instant success.
I'll come every time I f**king, so f**king, some f**king gets in the f**king with the f**king sheep.
That's because the f**king is a f**king, and he don't like f**king sheep.
It's Deep South Park.
Just like South Park except without Regents Southern accent.
Oh my God! Thank you, Bailey Bob!
You know what you're doing, Deep South?
Oh well, let's go hunt some road kills.
Deep South Park coming soon to Comedy Central.
I bet your friend dares to be proud, you know?
1056. How's that pool coming to you?
Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore?
41 votes already.
Yes, 21.
Keep plugging away.
Yes, 21.
I don't give a f**king more.
18. Say, I don't give a sh**.
And 2. Say, no.
Why waste of time?
This is 560 QAF, 430-0560.
WQAM, Miami Port Lauderdale.
A Beasley Broadcast Group for HAN, WQAM.com, or the world.
So, when we yesterday they got a call who just came back from Vegas
and they're going to be a son dance about the restaurant
that I recommended the Rosewood Grill not being that good
and had a bad piece of meat and a steak wasn't that good either.
So, anyway, I was thinking about that call which was a very bad call,
but I came across my Travel and Leisure magazine that came in the mail yesterday,
which I would nearly shmit can immediately.
But there's a big thing in here about the American Steakout.
It's official beef is back because we don't have mad cow disease here yet.
And it's got a thing about this.
It says, thanks to a cash rich and protein craving population,
the Steakhouse is again the hottest joint in town from coast to coast.
And it says, what's more, some of the country's most celebrated chefs
are moving in with a whole new take on the classics.
And it's got a list of what they consider to be the best new Steakhouses in the country.
And here's a big picture of, now didn't you stay at the Bellagio?
Yes.
But I bet you didn't need it to prime.
No.
A little bit too rich for your taste, maybe.
Yes.
It says, done up in chocolate brown and cobalt blue with glit accents
and crystal chandeliers, prime is by far the grandest of the New Las Vegas Steakhouses.
They should issue engagement rings at the co-check.
And it looks like a really, really ducy fancy, fancy, shmancy place.
So they listed here in the back of the article, some of the restaurants they recommend very highly
and in Vegas there are three of them.
I just mentioned this in passing.
Don't be calling me in a month and say, oh gee, the restaurant you recommended,
we tried it in the suck.
I don't recommend it.
Travel and leisure magazine from American Express.
They recommend it.
Don't blame me.
Prime Steakhouse in the Bellagio 3600 Las Vegas Boulevard South,
dinner for 250 bucks.
Now, now, what are you laughing about?
That's not bad for a steakhouse.
For real fancy shmancy steakhouse.
And I'm assuming that I'm going to include a little wine, something like that, maybe a little eggnog.
Do you know how many poles on a slot machine that is?
A Charlie Palmer steak in the four seasons hotel, 3960 Las Vegas Boulevard South, dinner for 280 bucks.
That's more up your alley.
The same cookbook author and Oriole Chef goes back to back with unpretentious steakhouse
that flavors quality meats and subtle flavors over flash.
And you know who stays at the four seasons?
Bruce Beasley.
Who was in here, remember, you were here when he was here a few days ago.
And we're talking about the fact that this company just brought some stations out in Vegas
that they'll be screwing up very soon.
Well, he likes to stay at the four seasons.
And of course, with the money that he's gotten all of that Beasley stock,
he used to be able to afford to stay there.
And the other one they list is Del Monaco in the Venetian resort in Casino, dinner for 230 bucks.
But beware, you want to know why?
Guess who runs this joint?
Emerald Legasi kicks it up another notch at the Venetian with Cajun-Tind side dishes,
gorgeous rib eyes, and a melt in the mouth, Chateau-Brayon.
It says, Emerald, kick it up a notch and stick it up you ass.
So like I said, I like to prime steakhouse in the Belagio.
It sounds good to me.
And Joe's buying.
I want to bang you in the butt, Tony.
Coming this summer to a theater near you,
it started out as an innocent weekend rafting trip with the guys.
Until...
Deliverance 98.
He today's hot, super TV stars as they make the jump to the big screen.
Deliverest 98.
Starring Kyle Kinney in Cartman.
Learning to bend over, squeal like a pig.
And you know, he's my head.
I said squeal, badass.
I said that's big, getting sick of him.
And I don't want to deal with him.
Watch your bill and take turns on the self-part kids.
Oh my god, they talk about Kinney.
Deliverance 98.
This summer.
Don't be a deal though.
Tell me to see the movie, get it?
What is it?
Oh, they made them have rough sex.
Oh, they made them have rough sex.
Brightest tag was a new Rolex.
Brightest tag was a new Rolex.
Jose 6 feet underground.
Jose 6 feet underground.
Liles wigs in Lost and Found.
Liles wigs in Lost and Found.
Kitty said, Lyle, you're a fake.
Kitty said, Lyle, you're a fake.
Snatch that wig off, piece of cake.
Snatch that wig off, piece of cake.
Chase her up and down the stairs.
Chase her up and down the stairs.
Screaming, give me back my hair.
Screaming, give me back my hair.
Eric said, I never knew.
Eric said, I never knew.
My brother's queer and chrome don't do.
My brother's queer and chrome don't do.
Lyle said, Eric, shut your mouth.
Lyle said, Eric, shut your mouth.
Are these thumbtacks be going south?
Are these thumbsacks be going south?
Now get upstairs and brush your teeth.
Now get upstairs and brush your teeth.
Then stick that toothbrush underneath.
Then stick that toothbrush underneath.
Rob sex, Rob sex, nice sex, nice sex.
Needs sex, needs sex, just sex, just sex.
Hey, great way to start your day with Marvin's Frosted Face.
Yes, now there's a new practice cereal for adults.
Marvin's Frosted Face.
Yes.
Sugar Frosted torn flakes shaped like hard-robed space.
Yes.
Each flake is lovingly shocked with the hottest blues of sugars of frost hard space.
Yes.
And best of all, it's made of corn.
So it goes through fast.
Yes.
Oh, start your day with a crime I think way.
Where is Marvin's Frosted Face?
Yes.
First there was the club.
The anti-arrow theft device that locked under your con steering wheel.
But now there's an even better theftive parrot.
Introducing the clap.
The clap is the only automobile security system that protects your car by contaminating it with a highly contagious and disgusting sexually transmitted disease.
Properly applied to your steering wheel.
The clap discourages even the most determined fees.
Hey, Charlie, look at that hot little convertible.
Yeah, let's take a very spin.
Oh, check out the sticker on the window, which it says.
This guy has the clap.
Uh-oh, we've been a forget it.
You said it.
I stole the car with a clap a couple of months ago.
It still hurts when I beat.
What'll make sure nobody messes with you?
Then get the clap.
And you might want to get a shot of tennis, then while you're at it.
New from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and KY brand personal lubricants.
It's master baits.
Tired of using and confusing an unreliable plastic fishing lures are squarming disgusting live baits.
Oh, Jesus, please.
Give those long hours in a boat with no bites.
We'll be feeling bored.
I'm all done, I still.
Here.
Thank you, Charlie.
Then try new master baits.
Squeeze a little dab on your hook and in your palm and in no time you won't care if the fish are biting or not.
I think it's a big one.
Yeah!
Master baits.
Order today and you'll receive a free 100% Terrycloth master baits signature handheld and a complimentary issue of field and streams swimsuit addition.
Don't look that big one slip between your fingers again.
But if it dies, who cares?
Master baits.
Available as pro shoppers around and Fedrick's a Hollywood.
There's lady in town.
She's another Doc's June.
And she needs to buy bread that is unless of an
Oh,
oh,
and she's buying bread it said and he let him.
Boy,
oh,
I'm the bread is wonder.
Oh,
I'm the bread is wonder.
Oh,
I'm the bread is really wonder.
That'd be a good pull to take.
Who's the snappy address is Catholic priest or Jewish rabbis?
See, Protestant ministers are like boring, you know?
They just wear like, what did they wear?
Regular crap or they wear like a special, never really thought about that.
Now, a Piscopraceans they have like a special offer, right?
Kind of like a dress of a sort.
Here's the fact that says Neil and Joe wanted to vote yes on the poll,
but wanted to let you know how much I like your stuff, so to speak.
I buy the best meal every year and give away the CD as a gift to my boss.
Please continue doing this happy new year.
Glenn and Iowa, one of our chronic factors, one of our very few out-of-state chronic
factors.
PS, it's a tax deduction too.
Shameless request put no on your keychain next year.
Yeah, and we could send one of those with no over to Kevin Bastard at the herald.
Who's listening right now?
Happy new year, Kevin.
Get a smile on you, push you more on.
And here's more than that for you too, just in case you're missing it this morning.
Yeah, we have several other parts like that one.
That's not on the keychain yet.
We put like a whole variety of parts on the keychain for Kevin Bastard.
And then also maybe some thinly veiled racist humor on it too, while we're at it.
9 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM.
I'm a little fatally.
I'm in the sense that we get melanoma.
We make like a fine new Excel deal.
I like the raw ones, but there's nobody else.
Hey, I don't know why.
I spend all day at work planning.
That when I get off a go tanning.
I get naked and fake fake it.
How much longer is my skin gonna take it?
My astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist.
We find in the sense that we get melanoma.
We make like a fine new Excel deal.
I like the raw ones, but there's nobody.
Hey, melanoma.
Hey, we find in the sense that we get melanoma.
We make like a fine new Excel deal.
We got lots of skin figures like the best redoma.
Hey, melanoma.
Hey, we don't care if we get melanoma.
We got the best care from here's Arizona.
We're livin' on half-channel cell con melanoma.
Hey, melanoma.
Hey!
He embodies the perfect NFL wide receiver.
Fat, powerful.
I am serious.
He helped lead the Dallas Cowboys to another world championship.
He is Michael Irving.
We're going all the way, baby.
Now, that same spirit can be passed on to your kids at the Michael Irving football camp.
You want to play football?
You got to learn how to take a hit.
Not like that kid.
You got to hold the light up to the fight like this.
At the Michael Irving football camp.
Your little gridiron grade will learn the basics of modern football.
Today, we're going to learn all about life.
Yeah, uncurched.
That offensive against this.
We're going to snore.
The drill that Michael Irving's football camps will give your kids the skills to handle anything.
Today, we're going to practice the skill you'll need if you ever going to make it to the NFL.
We call it the pick-up.
Uh, thinking of flambos?
No.
I'm a chance.
Michael Irving's football camp.
Passes the beginning of August can have your child, having a plea by September.
To enroll your future holiday nurse.
Just stop by the motel to the two police cars in the parking lot.
When the squad of back gets lonely.
He likes receivers that are wise.
All right.
Some people say that number eight is gay.
They say Troy loves the big bride.
Ackman.
He goes down as me, Ackman.
His guy, he likes the piece, Ackman.
He loves the snap cowboys on their behind.
He's got a spotless reputation.
America's team is world renowned.
But his Troy gay, I've heard some people say.
In my heart, he goes down Ackman.
He goes down as me, Ackman.
I can't stop this me, Ackman.
Don't let him cause he likes it from behind.
I think so.
I just came up with a great program in suggestion.
Then you may have just to put your thumb on it right there.
Because we're marveling at what an enjoyable show this is.
A lot of stuff we haven't heard in a long time.
Even the stuff we have, it is pretty amusing.
Put the smile on my plus.
And Joe said maybe it'll be the new best stuff for me.
Instead of those awful tapes which suck, they absolutely blow.
They are unacceptable and grotesque and repetitive and outdated.
And they blow.
People can just call you up.
Now you said call you up.
I guess that's when George isn't here too, is that it?
Yeah, when we have to play a tape.
Yeah.
They call off the air.
And request stuff.
And that Joe just plays in my other computer, off the CDs, whatever.
There you go.
Get the spots in, of course.
Get the spots in.
Put a smile on people's face.
Don't have to hear a bunch of stupid crap that you already heard before.
I'm talking about some stupid ball game that happened six years ago.
Or some election that's been over with now for, by that time, months.
Or some little kid that got, you know, taken back to Cuba.
And some old man with a dress.
Yeah, Ellie on in the Pope.
We don't have to hear that one anymore.
People will stay locked in hoping to hear their favorite comedy bit.
Right.
What a great idea.
So what do you think, folks?
Oh, yeah, I'm holding grumpy.
But try to understand that I have a problem.
Because I can't use my head.
I only have one head.
I like to take my bed and stick it inside.
And despite my comfort, it's something I can hide.
I can hide.
I can hide.
So I'll play.
Well, for me.
I can keep it.
Or old man.
And if you, you'll make one of me.
I'll clap you like a man.
But only with my good head.
I only have one head.
I only have one head.
I need another abortion.
And I need it.
I feel like a baby's hanging out in my ass.
I'm hobbling and having trouble lifting my feet.
I'm panic with the big lines down the street.
It's the abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
That's the got me in trouble.
Leave me out on the double.
Strap me in the surf at the feet of the eye of my baby.
Thanks for the excuses that I hasn't worked.
And like Katie will fall over my shirt.
I'm walking like him taking baby steps.
And our summer poker gave Fred a stretch to the abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
Strap me in the surf at the feet of the eye of my baby.
Hi, this is Jocelyn Elders and I'm Mad.
Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that forced Bill Clinton to find me.
Just order the hell they think they are.
All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers.
Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted chip or a new gang rich had butted the corner a little more,
there wouldn't be so uptight.
Flogging the dog never hurt anybody.
And if people did a little more of it, we might say some lies.
Hell of Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey.
He'd even be in less hot water.
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal.
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
seed dick run.
When you see dick runs, get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of
crouch cricket.
Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in.
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in
hair harbor.
Now, we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickles, pump the pie thong, walk the
carrot or tickle the taco, we'd all be better off.
And that's all I have to say.
Now, I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail
a oyster and buzz the griller.
Hey, do you want to run faster?
Jump higher and make the blind see again.
Why do you want to move like the wind?
So are like an eagle and raise people from that dead time.
But there's only one few little things.
They all move air, Jesus.
Jesus air, Jesus.
And put up their arms.
What they'll do for your dick is a miracle.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Jesus, Jesus!
Jesus, Jesus, the blind's and the soul.
The pettings, the cushen chamber is filled with avion,
carefully laid into the scenes of every part of your foot is always walking on welfare.
Sorry, but now responsible for any water chamber that turns to wine.
And come exceeded.
Look for the only air, Jesus, cross-trains.
Air, Jesus.
I just want to say that I support family values.
I love families, especially families with two or three daughters, preferably in the
mid to late teens, suffered breast shoulder length long hair.
I'm in between, but really turns me on, and I feel your pain.
For more years, the White House is what he wants to do.
Doesn't back half a bigger subpoena than this.
He can screw around both our kids and bad family values.
I don't know what we're supposed to do.
I clean these wrongs.
His wife is strong.
They're less ill-est.
The space is the dawn.
He's hating the dawn.
They're on the right, the geezer, without much time left here.
You know, after all masterbates, you're now in the hole in the centrums pocket forever.
You last got a weird.
Frankly, I don't feel it crap.
He ain't got a charm.
Can I ring the White Cranian?
The sword rises on her.
The whole joint of those kids are likely enough.
He's in the way of the mom.
I don't think he's a mom.
You are the fuck.
You got two tickets for president.
I will.
No one wins to see election.
We got two tickets for president.
We can go.
On the bus, they're going to say we got two tickets for president.
We got two tickets for president.
Somebody want to tell me you're so full of polo.
Your aunt is shopping too in the shed.
Your presidential fund, you think harder.
Your son, while all five of them think you're just a meathead.
Well, the election's coming and your hands are running.
We're talking about football, but that kind of stuff.
The next thing something is so far is when you try to explain what the issues are.
Because if I can turn the police, I'll bend you.
What's left you at the end of the season?
The election is up and down.
What's your popularity?
It's just so tough.
I know you are outlawed.
What you gave out just say.
I know you are outlawed.
Who would love you?
No.
I but share of alcohol just now.
You will probably end up with alcohol.
Yeah.
26th pass.
So look at the tremendous response we had to your idea about those best shows with all requests.
They were ringing.
No, they weren't.
How many lines did you see, Ring?
Three.
Yeah.
Be all right.
Anyway, they're going to get around.
Not that we're answering them or anything, but at least it would have been like a show of emotion.
Something.
Getting a lot of response that our poor low.
What is it that I'm hearing?
Well, you know what it is that assort Bob Ramuth is in the building.
They're still poaching you around.
It's only taken three years and they're finally alleging that they're going to be moving into the third floor studios here.
It's going there for both you idiot.
So now there's like all kinds of noise outside the studio here and it's a little something to it.
Not that we care.
We're just playing crap killing some good time.
117 votes on our poll should need a bottle of maturity campaigns anymore.
Yes, 69.
And I didn't make that number up but in spite of what you think.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
43 and no five.
Huh?
I don't give a sh**.
It is catching up with the S.
I don't know.
I'm still on the side of it.
Here's a place you won't be on the side of it.
The world's famous pizza loft.
When you go by there for a great lunch or dinner, be sure to ask Tanner how big that tip was I left for him.
And the money too.
Now what are you smoking about?
I left him a big fat one baby and he had a big smile on his face, Tanner.
That was for next time Tanner to set you up.
Anyway, and don't forget if you want Neil Zahaki tickets for the Panther Up Philadelphia game.
You better get on it and throw him right away before it's too late.
Willie, are you still in the bathroom?
Yeah, mom, I'll be right out.
Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be the same.
God, he sure is in there in off the rock.
Are you all right in there Willie?
Oh, almost finished.
Coming soon to theaters everywhere.
It's...
Oh, yes.
When I found my dad's four notes.
Willie, where did all the clinics go?
And what's this all over the floor?
Were you eating in here again?
From depressed and awkward teens to the happiest guy in school,
Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's hope chest.
Oh, it's okay, mom.
You and that go out.
I'll stay here and watch the house.
I don't mind.
When I found my dad's four notes, waited PG-13.
All kids aged 13 must see this film.
I just can't wait until Papa don't go this way.
When no one is in the studio,
we've got to ride on that issue first.
We're still under the pre-studio.
We're gonna watch his Robert Tholuser.
And might as well vote for me.
And might as well vote for me.
I've got no interest in politics.
But Robert Tholuser's trying to make me sick.
Who's that there isn't someone else to fix?
Good to see reminds me of tricky business.
That's why I'm betting that Robert Tholuser.
When no one is in the studio,
you've got a peaceful safety suit.
You can't paint better than proofs.
You're gonna watch his Robert Tholuser.
And might as well vote for me.
And might as well vote for me.
I know that Clinton isn't as home.
And for that matter, so is Washington,
but I just can't afford to ride with Tholuser.
Everybody says he's too old.
That's why I'm coming you Robert Tholuser.
When no one is in the studio,
we've got to never gonna do it.
Both playing and you are stupid.
You're gonna watch his Robert Tholuser.
You're might as well vote for me.
You're might as well vote for me.
A new film from empathy pictures.
Dance is with crack dealers, the urban sequel.
My name's Dunbar.
John Dunbar, the fourth?
Oh yeah, right.
I'm MCDF Jam and this here be curly movie.
And we'll ask your mom name.
Dance is with crack dealers.
John Dunbar, the fourth, goes looking for the ghetto.
I mean, what you doing down here anyway, white boy?
What happened, Jack?
Is they be outside white spots?
What he finds is the ghetto within himself.
You guys wanna come into my brownstone?
We could wrap over a cup of espresso and coffee.
I ain't nobody's in that, man.
This baby want no chasel of this.
Dance is with crack dealers, the empathy pictures,
coming to theaters everywhere.
My mommy won't let grow my extra wee wee.
You only have one wee wee son.
Oh mommy, are you the fourth?
No, no, you're only supposed to have one.
Is daddy the fourth?
No.
He has to wee wee.
No son, he only has one, believe me.
Mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two?
Yeah, a little one he peed with and a great big one he brushes the baby
and he shudders jeez with.
Judge Judy, you know she's tough.
If I want any more lip out of you mister,
I'll scrape it off my gavel when I smack you in the mouth.
You know she's home spotted.
Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining.
But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit.
In an all new prime time special,
you'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
You'll see a lot of people who are not going to be able to do it.
I'm fructy thousand points!
Get out!
That justice!
Death road, Judge Judy style!
I'm fine!
I met a priest when I was in heaven
He said he would save my soul
But we made a detour on the way to heaven
And in to his statue we did take a stroll
While he was standing in his underwear
So he'd have been over and say a prayer
Oh, that was wrote in when that thank you, ma'am
I got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectory
Welcome!
I met a priest when I was standing in his underwear
Told me to bend over and say a prayer
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, ma'am
I got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectory
Here he was standing in his underwear
Told me to bend over and say a prayer
Pulled up his rope and went and thank you, ma'am
I got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectory
A lot of praying going on baby on those religious institutions
Mostly on young children, 22 before noon at 5.60
Well, I shared a big response on those panted tickets, didn't we?
Fones were ringing off the hook, am I giving them away?
No, but it was a fun to watch you try
135 votes on our poll so far should kneel bottom with charity campaigns anymore
After a very weak, not too good to see you for plant parented, maybe 80 grand total, maybe
Yes, 79, I don't kill the Schmidt 48 and no 8
So I guess the real battle is between the indifferent and those who say
Yeah, you keep plugging away baby and maybe some day we'll bottle them but don't hold your breath
I feel really, really sorry
We're so sorry
We're so sorry
We're so sorry
We're so sorry
We're so sorry
Then Mitt
Just a 
It's after midnight
Drink the exclusive grime I the 
A few jokesTam
It's about me
He said, you're very sickening but we're dressing pool with deep
He has to feel we apart
We're buttons summoned by th heard he'll touch your way too far
Way too far
Every time he exhale his institute
You're the greatest target, may target, for death, into the top of the earth.
You're the greatest target, may target, for death, into the top of the earth.
That is not what you think you can do now, you're wrong.
You won't take it into the top, you won't hold it down.
That is not what you think you can do now, you're wrong.
How to say don't touch the ground, even if it plays out.
How to say don't touch the ground, even if it plays out.
You're the greatest target, may target, for death, into the top of the earth.
You're the greatest target, may target, for death, into the top of the earth.
You're the greatest target, may target, for death, into the top of the earth.
Her breath smells like fire, she got crust in her eyes.
She smells like a urinal that attracts lots of slides.
When she sits on the porch, she picks the scab underneath.
Her teeth are brown, when she smiles she's a trailer trash woman for me.
She has lies up above, she's got crabs down beneath.
I called a trailer and walt the family.
Her father's her brother, her uncle's her grandpa.
But I don't care, she's a trailer trash woman for me.
She never fades her cell, she looks like a flower.
Her nose is running so slide.
Oh, her hairy gun hangs out, she has clueless teeth, she has sweaty behind.
Welcome.
She wives her mouth under shirt, when she's eaten.
She stings at the time of the month that she's bleeding.
She has a hairier chest than lube from taxi.
I can't put this love on the shelf, she's the trailer trash woman for me.
Girl, you know what I mean? It's from the bottom of my heart.
No one is as special as you to me, that's why you are mine.
Trailer trash woman is indeed.
She will burritos and don't care, got spit marks underwear.
It makes you want to try.
You'll know from where it came.
Then the cramps drive you insane.
It makes you want to die.
She should have bought some some.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's like the food in Guajan.
Introducing Face Down Barbie.
She's a beer-gozlin vodka drink in Galle who knows what she wants.
Give me a double-skot-sid of beer chaser.
She might have an open.
Face Down Barbie, she's got an open tap and an open mine.
What's in here?
How would you like to take me home tonight?
I'm married.
Yeah, well, so am I.
You want to be my husband here, Jack Daniels?
I think you need to ride home, but not with me.
Hey, can't get Barbie a ride home before she passes out.
Too late, loader in the car.
Face Down Barbie designated driver, miniature liquor bottles and bartenders sold separately.
Face Root.
Face Root.
He's an F-D-Captidian.
He's a bar-her.
An engine-dice player.
And that's who's open.
Face Girl, he's got his own moves.
Dice World.
Well, tell me what you want for the mother.
Yeah, tell me, tell me, boy.
You're a f***ing dog.
Dice World.
You need 45.
You need to meet John.
You're fired.
You're stupid English slut.
Oh!
Dice World, you're high.
Pick a ridiculous dot.
The spice girls were f***ing my f***ing hot spice.
Lick my f***ing baby spice.
Lick the tip.
I dropped my f***ing blue upper lip.
Oh!
Dice World.
Fairy spice.
I f***ing grew.
Andrew Dice Play in Dice World.
Tell me what you want for the mother f***ing watch.
Face Girl, get my class one.
I f***ing will.
If you're planning an extended stay in prison,
sentences go all the backwards of Appalachia.
Your posterior is going to pick up pounders.
What do you want it to and that?
But now there's a unique exercise machine
guaranteed at Teppanyu Up.
From the makers of the Abdominizer,
a revolutionary exercise machine
that flattened your belly, comes the Sotomizer.
A state-of-the-art fitness tool
that'll cover your behind like nobody's business.
The Sotomizer is a 21-8 cylinder
of solid, tungsten steel,
fully greased for easy insertion
and spring-loaded per repetitive action.
Just use the Sotomizer three times a day
for as long as you can possibly spend it
and in just a matter of weeks.
You'll be able to drop a supermissile
with confidence.
Forty the Sotomizer today,
sends 29.95 in checker money
or the T, the Sotomizer,
and over in school Arkansas,
for 8.008.008.008.008.008.
Or if you had your credit card ready,
you'll see the movie
listen to the soundtrack,
wear the t-shirt,
and read the comic book.
And now, just in time for Father's Day,
you can enjoy the fragrance
that was inspired by the movie
the soundtrack,
the t-shirt, and the comic book.
New Dick Tracy Cologne.
Why smell like other guys?
Now you can smell like Dick.
There's no better way to celebrate
the holidays that bring family and friends together
to a jelly-gid food.
But over-enhelping at the dinner table
can lead to unpleasant side effects,
like gas.
Uh, key minute.
Oops.
This holiday season,
freshen things up with new Swing-3-Mits.
Swing-3-Mits.
The after-dinners depositories
that make your farts smell mini-fresh.
Hey, I just farted.
And it smells good.
Thank you.
Did you do it again?
All right.
Ah!
This holiday season,
freshen your farts with Swing-3-Mits.
Swing-3-Mits.
For an aim of sure-friend,
go on and get close to it.
Help!
Hi!
I'm Spidey.
And you know when I'm driving down Routesign W on a hot summer day,
me and the Mrs. Owen stop at Dickens.
Dickens fruit stain.
They've got everything from fruit to vegetables,
homemade pies.
But there is nothing like their cider.
Ain't that right, honey?
Uh-huh.
Dickens cider.
Yes, sir.
Why, even though we were late for church last Sunday,
she had to have a little Dickens cider.
She says the ring broke the bike.
Even my minister says this is why I can enjoy
as a little Dickens cider now and then.
Hey, why don't you bring some home with our
protective plastic rib bottom?
That way it'll stay fresh.
Or you can lick it set a wild and have some hard Dickens cider.
It's good it learns, good it dinner,
and there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens cider.
Dickens fruit stain.
Just off Route 9W and Contra Road 69.
Open 24 hours.
Because after a chilly summer night,
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot Dickens cider.
There is a child living down in Mexico
who has to go to work every day.
Sit at his desk,
making clothes for Cassie Lee.
Loves the work,
but doesn't love the pain.
Want me to just get off?
They are the kids who make the door open.
They are the ones to make a block of a day
to quit from blaming.
It's just going to make it.
The kind you love to buy.
It's you that make a block of a day with Cassie Lee.
Hello, you have reached Dickens'
Workers' Choice Catalog and Information Line.
To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone,
please stay on the line.
Thank you.
Transferring to an operator.
Please wait.
Dickens customer service.
This is Lou Ann.
How may help you?
Yeah, my Lou Ann.
Hi.
You like Dickies?
Sure.
I guess a lot of women do.
I believe so.
My woman says she loves to get Dickies.
I see.
She likes a lot of them.
Yeah.
In other sense, I'm gay guys like Dickies.
Well, I really don't know.
Never really thought about that.
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go out to a 72 ways.
Oh, my God.
Do you like little Dickies, too?
I don't think my girl basically likes big Dickies.
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
I just said I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone.
Well, how?
Were you willing to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing?
Right. I don't talk about Dickies.
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing.
Well, Dickie, Dickie.
Hmm, hmm.
How?
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this...
I'm not like Dickies.
A lot of women like Dickies.
I'm going to disconnect.
No, when you're talking about Dickie, you...
Teddy, Teddy, Cousins, Eeking of the Wild Frontier.
Out!
Get up and hold Montana for 17 years.
The power or water just a couple of deer.
Now he's reading history books while sitting in jail
for all the little packages he's sending the mail.
Teddy, Teddy, Cousins, Eeking of the Wild Frontier.
His brother got a hunch called the FBI.
Everything seemed to point to Big Sky.
How could a Harvard grad be so act?
I guess from living in a 10-12 shack.
Teddy, Teddy, Cousins, Eeking of the Wild Frontier.
You'll go to prison for life plus 10.
Probably read the Bible when confess his sins.
But no one our system and our land delivery tea.
You'll get Johnny Cochran and he'll walk Scott free.
Teddy, Teddy, Cousins, Eeking of the Wild Frontier.
All right.
Four minutes to load at 560 W.3.
I'm one of the most enjoyable shows in years as a matter of fact.
Not only for the best of shows, I'm thinking...
I'm sitting here during all of this and I'm thinking to myself...
Maybe for the year 2001, a great new format.
What are you sniggering about there while you're eating your free lunch from Wayne Arles?
Thanks Wayne, thanks Hudson.
I'm sorry you got your car busted into Hudson.
Better days are coming.
Yeah, I'm thinking like 2001, a space-down Odyssey.
Here on the Neil Rogers Show.
What's wrong with that?
All the bits all the time.
But you get a 90-year at least.
Easy.
420-560 WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale.
A Beasley Broadcast Group Station at www.QAM.com
Or the World.
Out there in another bizarre twist, Bill.
I have been banished.
I've been put in a closet outside the locker.
And I can't get out of here.
Well, if we have someone listening in Miami who might have a connection to the stadium here,
please call and tell them to let Jim manage out of the closet in the locker.
Is that you knocking on the door, Jim, trying to get out?
Yes.
Oh, it is.
Well, feel free to yell for help at any time.
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
What does that sound to my dad?
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
I can't get out of here.
Don't I fight, feel like dying?
I'm just running to this place.
I'm doing you know that I didn't just remember how to tell him.
This is not a lesson I do.
Maybe I should go to number two.
It's not safe thing here, so I go from woo.
And I flat to late.
Are you gay?
Are you unsure of your sexuality?
Being gay is a full-time commitment.
So before you sashay on out of a closet, pick up a copy of
It's OK to be a homo.
It's OK to be a homo.
Is it a sure-fire way to find out if you're gay?
The book contains page after page of proven questions.
Like how would you say the phrase seven sailors such slippery shafts?
Or questions like would you rather spank a bear bottom or spank your monkey?
Oh, that's nice.
What kind of question is that?
I mean, if you really must know, I'm not really at the cruelty to animals.
Well, what the effective gerbil, I'd rather spank a bear bottom, bitch.
No, I'm sorry, but bitch isn't until chapter 8.
Pick up a copy of It's OK to be a homo.
It's OK to be a homo.
I'll tell you a little bit.
I'll voice kind of a little bookstores.
You wanted more, and you got it.
The mad dog is back singing more duet on Pandid's Seas.
Volume 2.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Old number 80 is back tearing off with a great singing more pig hit,
with even more big stars.
The mad dog does them all.
Baby, if it makes it all right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right,
with the mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like a mad dog singing like her name and I is a legend of 50-
Here's the mad dog, Henrym, a chain tribute to the king.
Oh, man!
Oh, man!
That's a crazy lady!
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
I don't think so.
So we had looked across the family room and tell him either his brain's or his signature would wind up on their contract.
That's son of a bitch who's cute.
All right!
All right!
All right!
And it's big!
But we do, available now, if you won't quickly.
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
And now the sound of Marv Alberts taking a dump.
Oh!
Oh!
Baby, this one's gonna hurt.
Oh, it's the size of she came on the old shoes!
Oh, I can feel it spreading like she's apart.
It's as big as the United Center!
Here it comes!
Oh, baby it hurts!
It's dribbling down the intestine!
Look at Remy Edwards!
Oh my gosh!
There's the shot of the real spirit comes!
Hey!
Let's eat out Italian tonight!
No!
Let's eat Jamaican, man!
Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaican restaurant, Marjola Gaggia!
Where the more you eat the hungrier you get, try the Italian telly,
featuring the bacon lettuce and Jamaican sandwich.
It's Marjola Gaggia!
Emma, let me roll you up big canoney.
A big Marlibama!
Cool!
And Marjola Gaggia fat-donnie and big Curtis personally smoke all the meats we serve.
Hey, man, show me the knife up!
I'm going back to the smoke out!
From pinstripes to winstripes, you'll really love Marjola Gaggia!
It doesn't matter what's on the menu, you'll want it all!
A secret blame to fribs and spices.
Well, mostly herbs.
Hey, that's it, John!
We'll make them all.
Come on!
Well, I bought some new potato chips because they got any fat.
But now we're after I ate them in the John I said.
I knew they had some side of things for all I'd take of chance.
But right after I swallowed them, I felt my colon dance.
Hey, oh, let's go, my belly is deceased.
Now I'm in the careless rotten with my pants around my knees.
Hey, oh, let's go, now I'm at the greatest least.
Because I might feel something disgusting running down my knees.
Well, I should've seen that morning that they put on the bag.
And I should've been suspicious when the clerk gave me your rag.
So if you wish them, don't be surprised if your belly hurts.
And then about an hour you'll have the electric squirts.
Hey, oh, let's throw my balcony into seas.
Now I'm in the careless rotten with my pants around my knees.
Hey, oh, let's throw now I'm at the greatest least.
Because I might feel something disgusting running down my knees.
Hey, minutes after noon at 5.60 WQ.
I'm happy new year, happy holidays.
I'm sitting here enjoying my beautiful white hots that Michelle went and brought in personal.
Little pork from Wayne Arnold.
What is it? 180 votes that are pulled so far.
Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore? What do you think?
Yes, 107. I don't give a shmit anymore. 60.
And 13.
So far. Well, they don't have to do anything. So what the hell do they care?
That's what I'll do.
Car theft is on the rocks.
America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can't.
You don't worry from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
You don't worry from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
I got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made.
My neighborhood isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard.
You don't worry from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's move to sleep better at night.
Go now.
1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-BIG-GUI.
And instead of hearing this.
You'll hear this.
You don't worry from the car, motherfucker.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death.
The one thing you have to defend on is your car.
With two canoe thefts on the rise.
The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my corner of the house.
You big M.F.
Remember when we used to post the packet carabee and chat.
If we ought to get a bunch of finished babies, the white ones are cooler.
Get away from my corner of the house.
You big M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
For a Saturday like that.
Get away from my corner of the house.
You big M.F.
Get away from my corner of the house.
You big M.F.
Whenever some past tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my corner of the house.
You big M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac car alarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my corner of the house.
You big M.F.
And hold Jewish guy named Isaac car alarm.
Now available at all's air storage.
You got her born.
And took her hits and woody act like teacher and child.
And get some munchies and make roundly stills with hair.
And woody share it with Jesus and the saints.
So high as fire hits and yeah, yeah.
Hard is great.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hard is good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got most cannibal?
Smoke and fire, it's my corner of us.
Get high on the back of the house.
Just in the nose is getting sore.
All right.
On a grey, I'm bus to roll.
To get some Vatican on roll.
A couple of time back to take home.
Smoke to a fake by Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're so.
So here's a great fact that just comes over to show you that no matter what you do, no matter how you feel.
Everybody should be having a good time, got a little smile on their pussy.
There's always some sour asshole out there in radio land.
Like can you hear this from somebody, some Jackass at AdVineer real estate management in Dave County.
I just mentioned that in passing because it's on the top of the facts.
ADVNIR, AdVineer real estate.
Two, whoever gives a crap at fact number so and so.
You would think someone making $2 million a year and working only seven months out of that year
might be able to get on the radio when he's supposedly working and say something.
Okay, something like maybe do a show.
Instead of playing those piece of Schmidt sound bites, got it's awful.
But hey, it's better than George.
I'm signed. How do you like that?
How do you like that? Some real sour puss.
I thought we were having a good show here today.
I mean, not as good as yesterday and those great calls we had yesterday.
Those retards and morons out there.
Like probably the guy that wrote this facts.
So let's get rid of this pool we got on here.
It's not going anywhere anyhow.
They don't care about the cheerleading thing at all.
Should neobother maturity campaigns anymore 190 votes.
110 said yes, 67 said I don't give a Schmidt 13 said no.
It's not going anywhere.
So here's a better pool for today.
About today's show.
How should we word it?
How do you like today's show?
Because this is going to be on there little more more.
Yeah, how would you rate today's show?
Great. I love it.
B, it's okay.
C, better than George.
Just to piss him off because he's home-gric and eggnog.
Or D, it sucks. How's that?
Over the choices again.
Great. I love it.
B, it's okay.
C, better than George. Or D, it sucks.
There you go, Eric. New pool up.
Yeah, these people have to have something to bitch in belly.
Eric, about it.
Would you have thought that anybody, aside from the fact they didn't get the free hockey ticket yet,
aside from that, would have anything to bitch about today?
No.
I wouldn't have thought so.
God, I've played some stuff today that even I'm getting the chuckle out of
because I haven't played it in the cruise age.
But some jackass or would add the near real estate management in Dave County is got a bug up his ass.
Yeah, maybe got a bad case of crabs or something.
What came after better than George?
Better than dead air.
No, or it sucks.
It sucks as the last one. There's four choices.
It's great. I love it.
It's okay.
C, better than George. Or D, it sucks.
I hate it.
Or however, Eric wants to put it sucks.
It blows. Stick it up your ass.
Whatever negative because they have to have a negative.
Because this town is never happy.
I was like, yeah, yeah, there they go.
Now they're happy.
And by the way, for my friend at Advenier, something.
See that I said it again for my four million year.
Between that guy and Josie Lamby by the end of 2001,
I'm going to make it 60 million a year, not bad.
Not bad. You may need X.
You hallucinate the genic idiots.
Anybody want some good egg nods?
Oh, let's do the break.
24 past noon at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
Listen to me, you'll run through yourself.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Walt Disney picture is present.
A touching story of a little boy named James.
Oh.
Oh, it's huge.
Siskle and Ebert say it's a stiff.
Jean Shalitz is somebody got this hair.
James and the giant Venus.
Now join the theaters everywhere.
My life is full.
Oh.
Oh, right.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She lets out a giggle.
When he makes it we grow.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a china she told mine.
Well, he don't know where a soggy goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and humid horse.
And then I can start the term Cedar Box.
Means all her naked stars reportedly to go with life.
That's the thing he was working hard late nights in the overrear.
Working on a practical joke.
The joke from my son noodle for an exploding.
Loading for Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She lets out a giggle.
Every time he makes it we grow.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a china she told mine.
All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was morning.
Morning, how far was she when her with Bill's old bond.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She lets out a giggle.
Every friggin' time he makes it we grow.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a china she told mine.
Walk and be steady.
Yeah, that's not the reason.
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a sip of real love.
And put it in a frown.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh no, a cigar and a cigar.
Yeah, yeah.
Pufferty to a five sixty WQM.
This audience man I'm going to tell you.
They are just, I don't even have a word for it.
Only seven votes under so if I really only six because I had a vote to get to thing going.
I voted great, I love it.
Joe would vote great, he loves it too but he don't have a puter in there.
Yeah, that's the only one that's as great as I love it.
One says it sucks.
Two, it's okay and three, it's better than George.
That's the initial sampling of our first half dozen inmates out there in radio land.
Is that pathetic or what?
I guess maybe we ought to have those great calls like we had yesterday.
That's you doing.
On days like that when you walk out the door and you wish that you never had a come in here and talk to these people again.
Days like that, like yesterday.
I think I really believe that we have a whole bunch of people listening to this show who enjoy like what we had yesterday.
Not just the one, not just the idiot who we're calling but the idiot who listen to that.
You agree? You think that's true?
Without a doubt.
Oh Jesus, God.
You have to be kidding me.
Boy they got the old man all riled up today.
Oh yeah.
We're going to rip him an ass.
Man, talk about lifeless.
Billy, time for your animal.
God, he's mom, not another animal.
Kids just hate getting animals and moms hate giving them.
But now there's a brand new animal that kids just love.
Introducing new M&NM's.
The candy coated chocolate animal that makes getting cleaned out fun.
Hey mom, can I have another animal?
I don't know Billy, that makes your third animal today.
Please.
Well, okay.
Cool.
Then this time I want a green one.
Oh, sorry son, I took all the green ones.
I did my two boys.
New M&NM's.
Melts in your butt, not in your head.
What treated you badly?
I know that was fun.
Like a thug in the ocean, strong new world.
And I found out the show was on me again night.
Please stay.
I'm going to give you a hug.
Blow me.
Fun is a kiss.
Want to blow me?
Just come to the kiss.
You can show me.
Look who's out of you.
If you blow me.
Just one thing in the top.
Blow me.
One little kiss.
Want to blow me?
Just one little kiss.
Love me.
Blow me.
Just one little kiss.
Okay.
So what do you say, girl?
Let's take some of these great calls.
Don't answer them.
WQAM.
Yes, the other parody of that patch spot.
It's been playing.
Yeah.
Can you play it?
The patch spot?
Patch, P-A-T-C-H.
Yeah.
Do you have a parody of it?
What did I just say?
He said yes.
Yeah.
Can you play it?
You have it in there.
You have it in there.
Go ahead.
One moment please.
Okay, he's working on it.
He's patching it up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What is it that you're doing there?
Or you're trying to find a cut?
Finding the cut.
There was no disc in there.
By the way, don't worry it's a trade-out pal.
So don't get all whipped up to a friend's you about it.
Hey, South Waller, it's time for...
The bad guy.
Adding billions of dollars to the economy.
It's the bad guy.
And you can get...
The bad guy.
There we go.
Oh, you got to do it.
Stay close attention to this poorly written copy.
That's part of the fun.
See, here I will whip desperately trying to say...
And get...
That's right.
The bad guy.
Come in right here and start throwing a...
Well, it's a...
...something or whatever.
And it is now.
A shunters to do with FedEx.
With good things, you'll get...
...or the night.
Adding billions of dollars to the economy.
And you know what that means?
More empty stadium.
One thing we know is you're...
It must be about some kind of weird sporting.
Of course, only the dumbest of drunken sport hosts can understand what we're talking about.
That...
It's the bad guy.
On right, do something now.
And go wherever it is.
Cos it's the bad guy.
Okay, it is.
There you go.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey, the only thing I missed the other day was the police got my pot to the tune of police now he died.
Yeah.
I played it 50 times this week.
All the 80?
Yeah.
Damn, I missed it.
Okay, sorry.
Sorry, but at least, you know, he at least said, uh...
Damn it.
Or something like that.
He wasn't all bent out of shape.
And going to blow his brains out or his stockbrokers either.
I might even play it again just because I'm in such a good mood here in FMA.
It's too great.
Too great Americans in the world.
How do you like that?
I think.
Should I press my luck?
W-Q-I-M.
Yeah, can we have the two Hank Goldbergs on us?
What is it?
The two, uh, the Hank Goldbergs.
Chronic.
Chronic Ass or right there.
W-Q-I-M.
Hello, Chrono Patrick.
Yes.
Big fatherly.
Yeah.
Bye.
Good one.
Is-is-is-is-canon Patrick still alive?
No.
I don't think so.
I don't think he's-I think he sleeps with the fish's con red Patrick.
What about Dick Fathers?
He's an Ojon Prelector Tour.
Yeah, we know that.
W-Q-I-M.
Jo.
What is it?
Oh, Jo, right?
Yeah, Jo.
Yeah, I don't know.
Neil says he's in a good mood, but he's gonna bash the hell out of me.
Yeah, probably.
He don't like them bloody brits.
Yeah, I know, geez.
Much of Queen, silly Queen.
Do you think I- thanks a lot.
Do you think I get away with a request?
You get away with it?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't know, maybe.
Oh, do you think he can give me help?
Well, I don't care.
What do you-what do you want, all right?
Action.
I don't-
I can get-I can get-I'll ask him.
Okay.
I'm-not thin skinned.
Okay, here's a British call on six.
Hello.
Hello.
Back to hell out of me.
I've got crooked teeth.
I'm always drunk.
Yeah.
Um, belligerent, right?
And loud and obnoxious, yeah.
Oh, that's right, then.
You must be British, right?
Yeah, and obnoxious.
And probably gay.
Uh-huh.
Um, well, that's synonymous.
That's a British call on a little swishy anyway.
Well, maybe I still like you.
Do you have a thing for Prince William?
No, I do not.
Good.
He's ugly and has buck teeth in big ears, but anyway.
Anyway, I was wondering if I had the Britney Spears parody.
Britney Spears.
Yeah, it's been a while.
Which one is that?
It's the one with a buck hanging out of pants.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
To the Lou.
You're not that fine.
Tootsie and.
All right.
Tata.
I don't think so.
And you know something.
What is the name of that other one?
I'm not sure which one he's talking about.
I'll play all three of them.
Because we finally, I finally did make George put that in here after about two years.
See, we didn't have a lot more stuff in the DCS except for the fact that the intern that we used to have.
What was your name?
Shannon Shannon.
Except for the fact that she was here to be doing stuff like that.
But what I wasn't here when I'd leave it to a clock every day and Shannon and George would be here.
Generally, he had her doing errands that involved being down there on the floor on her knees by the cabinet over there.
And had very little to do with putting anything in the computer here.
Yeah.
I'd say you're laughing, but it's a nervous life because you know what I'm saying is true.
Absolutely.
I know nothing.
Just like what I said before about how there's never been anybody in a skirt or a dress that George wouldn't go up and hug wildly and hysterically and enthusiastically.
Even if it wasn't necessarily a woman.
If it had a skirt or a dress on it, he's going to squeeze it in the hugger for all of you to get out of it.
I think the word we're looking for there is desperate.
So what that per one here?
This is 560 QAF.
Is this your mother's regular name?
What the f*** rock?
Sports radio 560 from QAF.
How young is two young?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Tell me about you, love my mother.
But I know that you keep on checking up my mother.
I've been in clubs on every day.
She held my breath and I'm poking my mouth and I'm getting used to it.
It's come onto me and there's some things in my ear.
And it sounds so hard.
But if you want to tell me you know the things about me,
losing to me, I'm under it.
A word.
And I'm seeing you should be scared of me.
But you could go that you left to see me when they were.
It's a friend.
You and the friends are names.
She was 25 but she's just a name.
Perfectly.
I've been my last of three.
Daddy called us out tonight.
I got so perfect to see because I have such a face.
No no my girl, which my name.
I thought you think my name.
Welcome.
She's my soul.
She's a marriage.
She's okay.
You should be scared of her.
Get a new woman.
Don't let me look down on my eyes.
She's looking my body.
She was 25 but she's just a name.
You're wrong about that.
He's the absolute worst.
He's a noxious.
He's an asshole.
What was he doing in the middle of the show?
Frank from the sales department that knows he doesn't belong.
What was he doing?
We're going to steal some more cigars since he brought us something other day.
A friend George had to come up here from Nick's.
One of our listeners and bring us cigars.
What was he bugging about?
He had some news for me about the show.
He had a lot of clips about what?
The sponsor of my show.
What the hell does that have to do with this show?
I have no idea.
Well Tom had to talk to you after two o'clock.
If he had to talk to you at all.
I told him that.
Piece of crap.
Man, talk about Nervity.
This is a guy who stole all of our stuff.
Not just cigars but there was like a special cutter.
They sent up for George.
Every single thing they ever gave him that he appropriated for himself.
And they hit him like poison down there.
One of our finest sponsors.
One of the nicest people he'd ever want to know.
And this sort of a bitch.
And he's got the gold coming out.
Bapapapapapa in the middle of the show.
Because he's a moron.
And he fits in ourself's department like a glouth.
Anyway, here's the fact from Jack.
You all believe this.
I can't believe it.
What was the name of the song you played just a few minutes ago?
Another day, another night, and who sings it a very catchy tune.
Somebody actually liked that song by A1.
Who are four young guys from England.
It's called Same.
Or it's a same or brand new you.
And you don't have to worry about going out and buying it.
Because you can't get it here anyway.
It's a European thing.
They're British.
It's number one in England.
Four young guys.
Two of whom look pretty good if you ask me.
But, you know, who cares.
Suddenly, better than the people talk about best of shows.
This is real world.
You asked me what I've been watching here all day for lack of anything better.
Real world on MTV.
It's been on there.
I've been watching for almost three hours.
There hasn't been one person on there of either gender that you or I would touch with somebody else's hand.
And this is the best of real world.
They just don't get it.
Where is 7th Heaven again?
Where the hell is my show?
7th Heaven.
Okay, we're taking some of these calls here because they don't want to hear this crap.
WQAM.
Alright, could you tell me how I have a good Scott Alonboy story?
A good one.
I'm friends with Scott Alonboy.
I got a good story for him.
Yeah, go ahead.
Neil.
You're on.
Hey, I'm my friend with Scott.
Yeah.
Before you went away, I told you about if you were getting married in June, I think.
You had to be ever come back because my yard is a mess.
Come on, Scott.
Get with it.
You lazy bastard.
Yeah, he is lazy, but he doesn't walk anymore.
Oh, really?
Yeah, he's a, uh, a finger pointer.
What does that mean?
Well, it drives around the truck.
Point to finger.
Yeah.
I went to the wedding in June.
You got married in a couple of church down here in Bokeh.
I got good and buzzed up for the wedding.
So I'm sitting there with my wife.
And the priest comes out and the priest has over.
Definitely.
The priest had the lift while I bet he liked Scott.
He sure.
Yeah.
I bet he was one of his favorites.
It was one of his favorites.
And one of my favorite songs, one gentleman stood up and sang,
Are they Maria?
And I always rolled off the queue into the aisle.
It was just a little too much.
Every time you play Are they Maria?
I just think of you in another priest story.
I was thinking maybe the priest we were singing himself from.
Maybe you want to let me wear your ring around my thing around your ring or however that goes.
Yeah, it was something like that.
I always thought that guy had to ring around the thing.
He had to ring around a thingy.
Yeah.
I'm not gay or anything.
Of course.
Scott was looking very good at that thing.
I just want to let you know.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the guy knows.
You made my day.
That's my long guy, Scott.
My long guy.
He's not really the long guy.
He's a guy that puts in his pants.
He's once a year if I can ever get a hold of him.
And he's right.
He doesn't want to work.
This is a guy.
You can't get a hold of him for love or money or anything.
That's a good job if you can ever get a hold of it.
WQAM.
Hey, God, how's it hanging?
Okay.
Hey, listen, how about a two-manage keychain?
I pay $50 for one.
Okay, it's a good idea.
Because you can't rip that off right?
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
How about a whole bunch of manages for me?
Okay.
Thanks.
Have a great day, Scott.
Yeah.
Well, they're in such a good mood on a phone today.
If I know this, I might have taken a few calls but I sure doubt it.
Don't you think?
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
I want a bang on the butt, though.
Yeah, somebody's would be good on a keychain like that.
I want a bang on the butt, huh?
Can you imagine walking up behind somebody and playing that?
Or...
Oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
Hey, yeah.
And Ty, where the hell is it?
Just got off.
Stuck and can't get off.
Where the hell is that, man?
It's held me in here, by the way, two o'clock, briefly.
Briefly, till $3.45.
We got an event coming up this afternoon.
Anybody who didn't like this show today,
you're a risk that this show was back on here once you hear the Miami Huracans
and the Lehigh Mountain Hawks back to ballgame.
Wow.
Oh, oh, oh, runs of, you're so big.
Yeah, those would be great on the keychain.
I think we just got a great deal.
In fact, maybe we can have like a whole bunch of different kind of keychains.
Hank Goldberg keychain.
Yeah?
Hey, stupid.
Right.
Or maybe, how about a Joe Rose keychain?
Wouldn't be too bad.
If I could find any of his stuff on here.
I'd bump the butt right now.
Yeah.
Or go fuck your behind, go back behind it again,
or under it or he is one good looking guy.
Grab the wood.
I like the weewee.
Yeah, that would be big on Joe's keychain.
You can kiss my weewee in.
I think this guy just made us about 100 grand for next year's fundraiser.
Thank you, sir.
Some of that I took the old pull off of there because, yeah.
Now I'm going to work on Scott's pull.
I mean, this guy's pull.
Look at those phones smoking.
They see the day I just, I always like with the stock market.
I zig when I should tag in the market, still in good order.
I turn it out for just a second.
I don't want to stay there too long because it's bad luck.
Let me know if I should fire up the call screening machine.
No.
Why would you want to do that?
I don't want to.
Because then you get all the products on there like that misty
who also called Hank at 20 after 2 years today, who has already faxed me this morning.
So why don't we all mention on the year anymore?
They unmincipable.
Mistfit.
Ruraly, Poli.
Turdburger from the hockey games.
WQA.
I don't want to mention on the year anymore.
Hey, how's it going, Joe?
All right.
I wanted to see if you could play your version of butterfly kisses.
I would just make my whole life.
Would that do it for you?
I think so, Neil.
You got it.
Thank you.
Have a happy.
I think it's Daddy's daddy's socks.
He's my short hair.
Did he yet?
There's two things I know.
She's daddy, your loser.
She was daddy here from heaven.
And she's daddy's little girl.
I went back home in my tent.
I got all of the time in my life.
I think Mommy teased on you.
I hope it's most of all.
But if I kiss it,
I get time, Chris.
And still little white smiles all of the burden.
I smell that a little piece here.
Oh, it's all that I've done wrong.
I must have done something wrong.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To the server, hug every moment.
To butterfly kisses at night.
Daddy, you smell like here.
Sweet 16 today.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Looking like a mama,
a little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
One part, one.
The other part, girl.
I don't know who the father is.
A human maker.
A ribbon manager.
I asked if you're in check, Daddy.
I know who he was.
I didn't grace it.
I drove the car into a tree.
But I remember.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Butterfly kisses at night.
Hey, Albonus dogs, for the bride and girls.
You change your name today.
Dad, I'm getting married again.
You make a promise,
and I'll give her away.
Dad, that's my ass.
Standing in the bridegroom, just staring at her.
I think I have cipola.
Ask me what I'm thinking,
and I said I'm not you.
No, I'm not a medical.
I'll always remember.
Hey, Pop.
We're moving in.
And Butterfly kisses.
Dad, I asked you.
I'm a lesbian.
He started out a regular guy who joined the obectory,
and made me ultimate sacrifice
and bracing celebrity fatherless rule.
Hey, man.
I'm an old and old woman.
Fatherless rule, okay, baby.
I've had time with my sister's lately.
Compromise his joy.
It's found a way to get through it by altering
young boys' fatherless rule too.
Hey, man.
From home and home.
Fatherless rule.
All three boys and kids.
It was happy and gay till he got close.
By some sad ourselves.
Then the Vatican paged everyone off,
and he didn't have to go to jail.
Fatherless rule too.
Hey, man.
From home and home.
Fatherless rule.
Fatherless rule, okay, baby.
They sent him to a priesthood tree
where the genuptial leg didn't pray.
It was you, or it was me.
They locked himself up and drove the keys away.
Fatherless rule too.
Hey, man.
Only rule.
Fatherless rule.
All three boys and kids.
Fatherless rule.
Hey, man.
All right.
Only rule.
Fatherless rule.
Hey, man.
It must have been a great idea for the other people
in the station to participate in our fun ways.
They don't even have to do anything.
They just lend us their voices on the keychain, right?
Let's see.
We're going to have one for Hank,
or he would say,
Are you stupid?
Yeah.
And then he could say,
wherever I can find the damn thing.
Come on, Hank.
You can do it, sweetheart.
Where the hell is he?
Where is he?
That was fun.
This is my third try, folks.
Yeah.
Or he could say,
I just don't have the time.
That's incredible to me.
Incredible.
See, there's too much spurious stuff
on there where he's not saying anything in the DCS,
so it takes forever to get to it.
As opposed to the Mad Dog or the Joe Rose ones,
where he just grabbed the wood.
One after the other, like,
I like the wee wee.
Oh, why?
Or that?
Anyway, here's one that says,
Love the Format you have this and that,
which I already played Fatherless rule too.
A lot of will play Virgin Mary and God bless you.
So, here's some happy people out there.
It's just that one jackass who kind of threw me off there.
That piece of turd.
What about this one?
What the f*** is that?
Yeah.
Yeah, nice job on that too,
the first time, by the way.
George said it was okay.
Yeah, George would say it's okay.
He's still doing it in the eggnog.
Anyway, 62 votes.
How would you rate today's show?
21 great, I love it.
19, it's better than George,
which must be saying a lot,
because they like George,
especially that the Middle East show.
It's okay, 13, and 9 say it sucks.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I'm lifeless bastards,
but they're still listening.
This is 560 QAF,
sports radio 560,
WQAF, heavy port Lauderdale,
a beastly broadcast group station,
www.qam.com,
or the world.
Oh, bruh, it's the one to two hours.
That's a party.
Oh, we're in the party.
Down the floor, it depends on you.
And the powers you pose as.
Did you say his life?
Did you say his life?
Did you say his life?
He's got a job for you to do.
First of all,
first of all,
you have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dude.
With the big D on your chest.
And through the night dress,
what's that we go to to our own fair?
First of all,
you have a brand new style.
We went to feed a fucking cell.
And to backly straight to hell,
we're the building for people.
We're the building.
We're the building for people.
We're the building.
We're the building.
We're the building.
And we're on our way.
Oh, 1035, 60WQM.
Everybody had a great mood today.
I think I did it.
I'm going to put them in a real good mood.
If you ask me.
The thing about this pull or it's a little bit disturbing,
just like yesterday about the best of tapes and it's in the only reason I put this thing about
it's better than Georgia and there was because it was in that facts you know a little sarcastically
but I noticed that a lot of people go out of their way to give him a shot have you noticed that
and he's always saying that they hate me like poison I'm beginning to believe that they may have a
point now what is it that you think that they hate about him is because he's a spick is that a
little Cuban or their jealous of him.
Well I think now in pre meals is that another thing.
The jealous of what?
Of his close association with our Goldstein?
That's another thing.
No I'm really curious about that.
What is it the topics that they don't like like of course you're responsible probably for most
of them like eating ass absolutely not and there was the other one that he did about five
weeks on about anal sex which we already driven to the ground if you pardon that expression the
only one I was responsible for was underage girls giving blow jobs.
Yeah which was your response for that?
Well I'm probably a lot of guys happy to hear that.
You're welcome guys.
Yeah.
Under under oh well I have to do with the thing I was talking about the other day the fact
that they did that survey in the kids today and we can thank Bubba for this most of these kids
today or at least a very large percentage of them don't consider all sex to be having sex.
That was our topic and so there's this epidemic of young girls who are like given blow jobs
in a year they don't consider that to be having sex which I guess would be fine except for the
fact that there's a lot of disease being spread.
Mr.
Lots of disease although we do have that basket full of condoms.
I was going to have an extra condom in your basket just in case of the emergency and lotions.
Right.
Lotions and potions.
In fact I kind of wonder who I brought that always the people from plant parenthood who brought
that in you weren't here that day and I said what say you got with it that creature.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Is what she said yeah he did it and there's the basket sitting right there which I notice
is emptying out very rapidly so maybe me jellers somebody around here it sure isn't Robert
Creeper I'll tell you that unless he's blowing up bubbles balloons it sure isn't that twerp
that quizzling anyway so we'll find out what it is about George those disgusting topics
or the fact that I mean why else could it be are you suggesting another poll question.
No no not on there I mean just since we're taking a few calls yeah let's change the poll every 15
minutes I don't like this one anyway it's stupid.
There jellers you want to take it okay let's let's take the poll.
We're going to change the air it's going to have a respect that hey listen you got nothing
else going on anyway during the holidays it'll keep you from eating fat so you could save it for
tomorrow.
No I'll come up with a whole bunch of different ones I do good poll you got to admit that.
Yes I do sensational poll in fact Scott the lawman if you want to show up again I'll be happy
to show you firsthand he probably don't look that good anymore anyway when you think that if
you're in that business in your landscaping business you have regular customers which he's
been doing my house right around how many years now at least six seven years at least.
Wouldn't you think that like every year you'd like send a card or make it like the dentist does
like like anybody does and to make an appointment for like it's that time of the year again
and cannot come and put the pan he's in or whatever they're going to do you know just go ahead
I don't need to be there he leaves he leaves a bill in the mailbox I sent out a check as soon as
I get home that day he gets it the next day it's it's a painless transaction Scott trust me
but he just every year it's the same thing I think he likes being chased that's with an ED he loves
it good Catholic boy that he is he likes having guys chase him around so what the hell is I saying
the new portal is now I know you're responsible for this you're always saying oh George thinks I
put you up to all this stuff you're responsible for this here he's on vacation he's in town for
anybody else that needs any eggnog he's in town so don't worry about that I was defending him so yes
I am responsible defending him for what defend you said why did they why did they know you're the
one that said he comes up with all the gross topics like eating and you said that well I said who came
up with that topic eating ass yeah he did all sounds to me like you just said that look he's
still gonna give you the eggnog for nothing so what are you worrying about I mean a close friend
that you are George oh what a shame what you probably know where to get better stuff anyway here's
the new pool the new pool is who's got the best eggnog in town now here's the new pool what why do
you think now this is we're not asking you per se but why do you think so many people
dislike George is that a good way to put it sure first choice because they're jealous
that's your your suggestion be because he's Cuban see because they hate his topics or
D because they think he sucks huh how's that does that cover the whole gamut well sucks is meaning
sucks is the talk show host or in general as the talk show host okay so we've making more specific
because they think he sucks on the ear huh yeah I don't think we need to need to spell that out
well isn't that the same as hate topics you can have great topics but you suck on the air
what hate topics and sucks on the air is almost the same thing no it is not if he he could have great
topics they might like his topics they just don't think he belongs on the air don't you get the
message I do get the message okay now what the hell are the choices again before Eric it's all
confused and you screw up this poll jealousy jealousy Cuban because he's Cuban hate the talk because
they hate his topics or D because they think he sucks on the air that's for good topics if you want
to see how to take good shots at your good friend George while he's wearing vacation and you know
he is listening even though he'll deny it
before, who goes waste awake
Where you can play in the mud,
We'll pack your beans and add the lotto.
Just go away, we're all fed up.
Hey, the young and tall-ish,
Why don't you go home?
Hey, the young and tall-ish,
Go home and eat a kilo of dough.
You can be uneasy, I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for free toys better.
You've got your funky mom's key shirt.
Hey, what's your name?
Enter the key box here.
You've had your fun, that was my second.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can stand it.
Everybody's out in the mud.
Up on the hooligans and crackers,
Who put the dust in the bar and dust?
Hey, the young and tall-ish,
Why don't you go home?
Hey, the young and tall-ish,
Go home and eat a kilo of dough.
That is your lazy look.
They're giving away free,
I'll donate green cards.
Can I have one?
Hey, the young and tall-ish,
Hey, the young and tall-ish,
My lawyer says it hurts quite well.
It hurts quite well.
The guy been looking around
When it's cute to blame my career.
You can't recognize me.
My daughter has happily starved my ethnicity
And I keep children around
And they sleep inside my family.
He's the favorite I am gay.
That is why I marry with a piece of me.
It's way too late to come and say,
With this song that's really bad.
Blame it on my child.
And all of those toys that I never had.
The only G.I. chose in my life.
What my father and I view him down.
And before you judge me,
And call me freebie.
Let me find and tell,
And say,
I blame it on my child.
Funding for this program is provided in cards
By the Corporation for Public Broadcasting
And by Public Televisitions and their contributors.
Come and be dumb.
Hey, bird, have you seen my rubber duckie?
How are you, Danny?
I throw it out.
But, you know, I always take a bet with my rubber duckie
What am I supposed to do now?
Just play like this, Danny.
Bird, this is your dildo.
This is for bedtime, not best, right?
Well, have to do it until we can get you another rubber duckie.
But, bird, just take your bet, Danny.
Hmm, it's not going to be the same without my rubber duckie.
You know, rubber duckie,
This could be kind of things.
rubber duckie,
rubber duckie, you're the one.
You make that sign lots of things.
rubber duckie, I'm awfully fond of you.
All those fields, rubber duckie, joy, toys.
And I use two birds, six noise, rubber duckie,
as I end the show and stuff.
That's true.
Every day when I make my way to the tubby.
I find a little battle whose cute flesh colored in chubby.
rubber duckie, you're so fine.
And I'm glad that we are blind.
rubber duckie, I'm so fond of you.
rubber duckie, I like to hold on.
rubber duckie, I have a tight heart.
rubber duckie, you're so fine.
rubber duckie, I like to hold on.
rubber duckie, I like to hold on.
Tonight on ABC, Experience Christmas, the NYDB Blueway,
Bucknake it and rock.
Sylvia, I'm f***ing home.
Whoops, you make it.
And I'm so f***ing glad to see you.
I have a f***ing surprise.
Of course you're f***ing naked.
Not that f***ing cold ass.
You got me a f***ing Christmas present.
That's a f***ing sweet.
Thank you, f***ing big ass f***ing cold bag and f***ing second mother f***ing poopoo head.
My pleasure.
Hey, let's f***.
Baby, I better remove my holster.
It's launchy son for everyone.
NYDB Blue, the Christmas special.
Tonight, right after Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC.
Christmas, I'm a rascal.
Christmas, I'm a rascal.
Christmas, I'm a rascal.
Christmas, I'm a rascal.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
But that's all right with me.
Cos it was great without a cause.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my parts.
Police got my parts.
Police got my parts.
Police got my parts.
They confiscated all I got.
Police got my parts.
Police got my parts.
Police got my parts.
Police got my parts.
They confiscated me in a parking lot.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my parts.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas.
When you're feeling your pain, remember who you should say, who say
Make a slap while this crowd drops the mad, who say
Oh, one in the girl and then this guy needs a damn thing
Don't get shot on the road, God, everybody, the only thing
Now he's definitely doing this because everyone's doing this to say
Figure he and I just make sure he'll be like the day he's insane
He's a slap while this crowd drops the mad, who say
He's a slap while this crowd drops the mad, who say
He's a slap while this crowd drops the mad, who say
He's a slap while this crowd drops the mad, who say
One in the girl and then this father of Ilya meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba
Well, Mr. Gonzalez, how was your trip?
Very good, God bless you. Do you have any questions before we go any further?
See, see, see, this box with the pictures, it's incredible, what is this?
Oh, that's a television.
Oh, tell me, Mr. Loy, what does...
What does that mean?
A part on me?
What does that mean?
It means what's up?
Like what's going on?
Wada!
Right, it's a greeting.
Wada!
Now, I know that you're uncomfortable being here, this is a very difficult time for you.
Mmm, mmm.
What is it?
Oh, this pizza hot, stuffed crust pizza, he's incredible.
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure. So, as I was saying...
Wada!
Yeah, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your homies quickly as possible.
Bye-bye-bye!
Are you going somewhere, sir?
No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony DiscMand, it's incredible!
Yes, Mr. Gonzalez, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the...
Just another place in a game for two, you must say it, but it ain't no lie!
Bye-bye-bye!
Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
Why do you look all... I love it here!
There's like 300 channels on cable and I can watch all the yinke-yins!
What's... Mr. Gonzalez?
What is it, Mr. Gonzalez?
Wada!
See, this porcelain is all your fault because you would have wanted him to be like him, and he was like...
It's right on the tape when you were getting like getting carried away.
Why do you think so many people dislike George, if that wasn't enough, and then so much?
Why don't you just say, the poor should have been if he would have ordered it the way you wanted.
Why do you think so many people hate George like poison? That would have been the way you would have ordered it.
I didn't say that.
Wada, he came close just like him so much.
Well, here we only have 13 votes so far, but we're just getting going.
Because they hate his topics five.
Because he sucks on a year or four, because they're jealous of him three, because he's Cuban, so lament they uneau.
And that was your vote?
No, I'm not telling you what I voted.
Regardless of which one it was, I'm just telling you.
I would say because he's Cuban?
No.
Does the audience hate Miguel?
Oh, they love Miguel.
Well, he's Cuban.
This is 560, QAO.
A.O. man wants to go for a car to miss you for her.
If your choice stays doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly, tartar, build up.
The solution, regular checkups, and brushing with new crust, the dredder control toothpaste, lace with crack cocaine.
Hey, shine almost done in there.
Brushing gets a fuzzing.
Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive.
See your kids with brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush.
Come on, Billion, it's been 45 minutes.
Fuzzing, flake, flake, flake, flake.
If you're not careful, you're going to wear those teeth down to little nebba.
Oh, God, no!
Wrong, son.
I'm all set of crust.
Look your kids on a healthy habit for life.
Brushing with new crust, with crack cocaine.
Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out of the way, this is a crack-jacking.
Billy, what are you doing?
I said out.
Billy, what are you doing?
Got to go to crack and put crust.
New crust toothpaste, lace with crack cocaine.
Recommended by Nine Out of Fendrug addicts.
I'm a chocolate daddy, too, with cashier in line.
I'm stuck behind the nose back all the different times.
Where in my flat, you cheer for the things you've got.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding out a check, patching, farting away.
But they won't think that they're going to be able to do it.
Except the checks don't think of them.
So she hours her change first, where can he or two phones and signs.
While harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
We all come in the stars.
We're all in the stars.
We're all in the stars.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
Harding in line.
28.5.50 WQM.
How's that third form of that?
I think this is the first time I ever took three in one day.
And we're not done yet.
Why do you think so many people dislike George so much?
Hate him like plazin' because he sucks on the year 18.
Because they're jealous of him 15.
Well, that's not bad.
That one almost balances out.
Because they hate his topics 11 and because he's Cuban safe.
Six.
I'm surprised at that.
He wears the logic in that.
If they all love Miguel and he's Cuban,
why is it that somebody of them dislike George and he's Cuban?
Maybe he just don't look like Miguel.
Maybe that's part of the problem.
WQAM.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I wanted to make a request for the, you know, these old sound clips that he's got.
Yeah.
The gay little Indian in the cupboard.
Engine in the cupboard.
Yeah.
Haven't heard that in the, uh, Kunzage.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
You bet.
Bye-bye.
Okay, what do you want, Joe?
What the hell is that called?
There's Indian in the blender.
I think it's called gay Indian.
Gay Indian in the cupboard?
Yeah.
You have to be schmitting me, huh?
You mean I forgot that?
Hello?
Who's in my cupboard?
There's Indian in the cupboard.
Oh, no.
It's the gay Indian in my cupboard.
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
Finally, a movie for homosexual children.
Gay Indian in the cupboard.
Can I shower with you, little boy?
Gay Indian in the cupboard.
Where are you, Gay Indian?
Oh, no.
Oh, boy.
Hey, try to get this in my bag.
Gay Indian in the cupboard.
Quadjjan, can we get some shelf paper in here?
You know, like in my jacket?
Gay Indian in the cupboard.
Can we shut that crap off?
It's the one where I can't help but watch them.
Yes, yes.
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
You know, here's a great fact.
From Joseph, thank you, Joseph.
From a market who says,
what's wrong with leaving the keychains for sale on the website all the time?
You can update the voices every two or three months.
Planned pair to go to appreciate the money coming in all year long and picking for the holidays.
Great show today.
And I like George when you're gone on the tape suck.
The best to see.
There's somebody who likes George.
He don't hate him like poison.
It's better what you said.
But that's a good idea.
Why couldn't we do that?
Oh, that's right.
Because it creates a problem.
Because then we have to have the front money to make up more new keychains.
And then we get back into that same argument because George is a hard ass about it.
Hey pal, need a hand with that?
Woohoo!
Out!
Next time you go shopping, go to scrotums.
Where everything comes in its own protective sack.
For once the shopping is not the goal for ever to get out the law.
For the Jordan D.V. and Heidi Williams.
Faith in a satellite here in scrotums.
Everything you want at a price that's low.
Looking for furniture?
Don't shop semen's.
Come to the source.
Thinking of buying a new car?
All model sold at scrotums come with the driver's side double air bag.
When it's cold outside, prices shrink at scrotums.
So come in now for our winter sale and receive a free scrotums coffee mug
that rests comfortably on any chin.
You'd have to be nuts to shop anywhere else.
Just ask Harry Balls, our proud owner.
That's right.
Harry Balls here.
Hey, we've got it all at scrotums.
Have you ever dated an Italian girl with a mustache?
As thick as Raleigh Fingers?
Then pick up our Lady Remington Mustache and Beatruma.
Just ask Mrs. Balls.
That's right, honey.
I look like the best in cabits till I got the Lady Remington from scrotums.
Now my face is as smooth as what skin.
Scrootums.
We're never blue when we satisfy you.
Or when stop shopping, that's a ball.
We're at the verdicts at the ball.
The marching cows and high speed problems.
St. Peter's at right here at scrotums.
So Eric calls up George to see if he was listening.
Nice touch there, Eric.
You fat slob.
Well, what the hell they do that for?
So now he'll turn on the radio and he'll think that we're going out of our way.
I'm going out of my way to remove.
It was your idea.
It was not.
Especially the wording of it.
Especially when you got all the fents about how it was definitely his idea.
About doing six weeks on eating ass.
How's that perk coming so far since George just flipped on the radio?
Why do you think so many people dislike George so much?
Well, he won't mind that because he's the one that's always saying that they hate me like poison.
He's always saying that.
No, they don't.
Yeah, they hate me.
He's insisting on that.
And I say, okay, well, I'm not going to argue with any more than hate you like poison.
Because he sucks on the earth 30.
Because they're jealous of him 20.
Because they hate his topics 14.
Because he's Cuban 9.
Let me say it again.
Because he's Cuban.
Yeah.
Now.
And what do we think of that so far?
Mr.
I think jealousy is going to win in the end.
In the end.
There's jealousy.
He's got a hot wife.
He's got a nice house.
He's got a family.
How do they know what his wife looks like?
You know what his wife looks like.
I know what his wife looks like, but how does the audience know what his wife looks like?
Photos on the internet page.
And George talks about it all the time.
He still has naked photos on the internet page?
They're not naked.
Oh.
Her tongue is out.
Yeah.
While we meet, he puts some naked pictures on there.
They might like him a lot more.
22 tilt of his wife that is 22 tilt to a 5.60 Q.A.M.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Hi.
I'm Erin Somer.
Do you know what?
You got me talking on the pension phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, ho.
Oh, ho.
Oh, ho.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, ho.
Oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Are you sure?
Here on this show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you expect with a black or a white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, ho.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Get me a sip before an aeroplane.
That's the game.
That wheel of watching games.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, banner.
Bick me a letter.
Bank rock.
What do you mean, bank?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't send to look at that day.
Jack again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still, I buy your vowels.
Oh, banner.
Bick me a letter.
Hey, man, what do you mean there's no F and F?
banner.
Bick me a letter.
No one does give any better.
I dream about QA banner.
Is that an all over Santa?
Why?
banner.
I don't understand.
Why you make a hundred grand?
I'm not going to say any way.
Get me a sip before an aeroplane.
Gonna be on the wheel of watching games.
I just got to win.
Spin the wheel again.
Oh, banner.
Bick me a letter.
Go, banner.
Go, bick me a letter.
Hey, get out of my face, Pat.
Get out of my face.
Hey, there's Ellen.
That word is a low rider.
Oh, banner.
Don't buy that.
Forget the letter, man.
I'm not a banner.
Why you beautiful, baby?
You're a meek of a little home game.
I think you're sick of boring aeroplane.
All right.
I'm on the wheel of watching games.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, banner.
Bick me a letter.
Go, bick me a letter.
Take back, lose it.
And I think me a letter.
No one does give any better.
I dream about QA.
Why that is an all over Santa.
I don't mean to say, but I'm wearing underwear.
I can't wait to say, anyway.
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at past age.
I can't again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still live by your vowels.
Oh, banner.
Bick me a letter.
Be banner.
Bick me a letter.
All right.
I'm ready to pick, baby.
Hey, bick me a letter.
Get your ticket.
I'm not a T1 team.
It's a D1 team.
Thank you, government.
All right.
I'll take the silver.
The blender.
The microwave.
The refrigerator.
Hey, man.
What do you mean?
Fight with my daughter for a black and white five in portable TV set.
You got wrist drop, man.
My brother and I are going to get a few home sales.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right.
Take back the phone, baby.
And now here's Kimmy Dean.
Founder of Kimmy Dean Fork Sausage.
With a few words about new Kimmy Dean's bagel sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Kimmy Dean.
You know, if someone had told me 25 years ago
that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said, huh?
That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed.
And I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels.
I'll give you your bagels.
With a big old Greece's slab of Timidine Fork Sausage on it.
New Timidine Non-Cosha Bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can't eat them.
New Kimmy Dean Bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in every bite.
I'll give you your bagels.
She can get on her knees and do you what you like.
She can do you in high heels with thick and tiny spikes.
You'd like her to do you what she has underneath.
Spank a butt like a child,
she's always a girl girl to me.
All right, under covers with style,
she's a trip lonely inside.
She'll take you back to low,
check Master Cod or your visa.
She'll call us your wife,
as you can pay her fee.
She'll blackmail, get blind,
but she's always a girl girl to me.
Oh, how long has you got the cash?
She will make it if you want.
You'll be first in her life.
Oh, you'll stay away for cash
when you only want it.
But she's watching the time.
She can kill politicians with candid affection.
If they say in Chinese,
you might vote any revsion.
While you're from Feds and Tableau,
she's on her shopping spree.
Label her for fat to her,
but that's their life.
It's called her,
the meaning.
Oh!
149 at 5.6,
you have to match on,
you have to match on for Hank and Sue.
But please lay on fortunately
because we got some heavy duty crap
coming along later on.
3.45, the Heracune warm-up,
and at 4 o'clock,
the Heracune's and the Lehigh mountain hawk,
basketball, baby.
I guess what Beasley is right now,
if you rush?
8 bucks.
Color for bargain, man.
This is 5.60,
QAM.
4.20, 5.60,
WQAM by heavy port Lauderdale,
a Beasley broad catapetition,
www.qam.com,
or the world.
Hey, kids.
Are you tired of a neighborhood bully?
He stole my lunch money.
Ah, shut up, kid.
And tell him want to hold the mail next time.
Next time, fight back.
But he's bigger than me.
No, no, no.
Just tell mom,
next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store,
pick up a pack of new,
shotgun candy bars.
Shotcat?
Yes.
It's a new candy bar,
made entirely from recycled cow dung,
guaranteed to turn your stomach.
So next time,
ah, alright, kid,
give me a lunch.
No, no.
Please don't take it.
Just shut up and hand it over.
Okay, here you go.
But whatever you do,
please don't eat my candy bar.
Hey, whoo.
Ah, this tastes like shit.
So, you want my lunch tomorrow too?
We got a lunch.
You got a little lunch.
When you take the bite of that shit,
get far out of everything.
So quickly to come known for adding some of the greatest names
in show business,
it's proud as a pigeon
to introduce the gay community to a very special fellow.
In fact, he's a real doll.
It's gay, Ken.
Just pull his string
and he'll make you sing.
Then me over and use me like a habit rail.
He's twiled in the shadow of that fish barbie for 25 years.
And now he's out.
He'll be like a canoe on the Delaware River.
Hi, this is Harvey Fiesting.
You know, after a long night's thanking biker boys at purgatory
or chasing around the extras at LaTage,
I can't wait to go home and play with Ken.
Let's re-tick a great barbie's fun house using lots of malls
and dry flowers.
Coming soon, it's GI JoJo with Kung Fu Grif.
Pull his string and hill sing so tuned,
just like Judy Garland.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Today's broadcast is brought to you by Newt's
and Clean, the all-purpose cleaner.
See this shirt? It's plus and clean.
How nasty is this carpet stain?
Well, just drop it out of your knee.
Use a little bit of elbow grease and can clean it.
Yes, you can f- and clean anything.
F- and clean your dog.
F- and clean your silverware.
I can clean your car.
F- and clean everything you own.
Get f- and clean today.
Come visit one of our eight- and clean stores
or look us up on the web at cincleene.com
and f- and clean it up.
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind,
then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y?
That's right folks, because here at the Y,
we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet
and you've never seen us, where I'd like this one.
Featuring some of the most delicious entrees
you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican,
you'll love the Y because every night is hot-o-night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild date,
our chefs for heroin, lips-packing,
soft-aid rabbit, baked in a golden flower cross.
That's right.
Hair pie.
It's all here.
Literally, mounds of piping hot food,
including juicy steaks, took medium rare.
Because when you eat at the Y,
all the meat is baked in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food,
here's an unusual entreet,
a red hot-cage and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings near-fear eyes.
Yet lips-packing, good to chew, won't put a mess.
Oh, the next time, shoot it out,
light on down to the Y.
It's a pretty highway, I'll put Mr. One in there.
One two two, please, and go away!
This is just a ride.
I find up a lady's account of a 15-year-old woman
who had just a hunter.
Now, let's get all around.
Come and sponsor.
Go ahead.
Yeah, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha.
A woman's a strict woman.
What are you afraid of?
An ant and two sisters,
much of my fucking wife, and right at me.
They look like two big headlights.
I thought like a deer.
I close my eyes, which made my calories chicken-need.
The big and thin, my fingers, I've been gone to,
I've been gone, and I've been gone.
The world is not for others,
the name of the film is gone.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
I've just got no bacon,
but it's just from a kid.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
When I had a bunch of dollars
when I went to the Slays,
I could swear there was a smile.
I'm on George's face.
There was Mickey, my girl,
and candy can't allow me to say it.
I eat fooders that's up like a fool.
If they had a baby and had a thunder breath,
they'd better buy that kid a really good life best.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
I've just got no bacon,
but it's just from a kid.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
In arm, it's f**king hard.
Oh, c**!
