Those of the Beasley-Bratkatskir, at Stam, advertises your agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger, on 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you're fast, we're...
I've been at the election official, left you confused.
Here is your guy to understanding how to guess your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started, shall we?
Joining me hearing the booth is Mr. Mermelstee,
Who are you voting for?
I'll leave a link.
Joy-C.
Now, leave the butterfly valley, starting with Bush Chaney and the left column.
You can't enchickel Grover, hang the left, Iceland and Gerber, and the right.
Where's our leaving?
Over there.
This guy from Sky-Yes.
Is this the guy who makes my baby food?
No.
Now, simply, punch a hole in the 1959 Udavak Key Punch Guide.
Okay.
Over there.
Here.
Use this microscope.
Okay.
Is that it?
No.
Okay, I'll punch you again.
Oh, no.
That invalidates your vote.
Alright.
Yeah, I'll punch you again.
And then...
You do that again.
I'll punch you!
I'll put you off a foot magic.
Why you...
Sheesh!
Oh!
I'm not a ring old heave.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
Well, you know, that's what James Baker said.
He said, if those old heaves, because they don't vote for us anyway.
That's what he told Papa Bush back in 1992, 91, whatever the hell it was.
Anyway, 327 votes.
That's the difference right now.
They've all been counted again, we counted.
But, you know what?
The recounting isn't done.
And, of course, you don't have those overseas.
I got a real exclusive here today.
I just started a rumor that there's like 7 million old Jews in Israel
whose overseas ballots haven't come in yet.
That's what I'm hearing.
I don't want to get any Bush-lookers out there nervous.
I'm hearing there's 22 million old Jews in Israel
and those absentee ballots are going to be cracking in here in these next few days.
Always loved those Israelis.
Yeah.
See, there you go.
Told you.
Palestinians ain't going to help.
First of all, let me just apologize for the unbelievable amount of misinformation that we get from assholes out there.
See, one thing I should have learned a long time ago, that no matter what you hear on the other end of this phone,
what you hear on this end of the phone, a lot of times, you know, I'm screwed up.
But what you hear on the other end of the phone, this card 99% and be very dubious about the rest of it,
like they got a call a couple of days ago and said,
oh yeah, they can tell who voted, who your ballot is.
Guess what, sir?
Anonymous ballots.
In fact, there's a big article about that today, along with the other 10,000 big articles.
It says, though, each ballot has got a number printed on the top.
That number is never attached to the voter's name.
And before the ballot is cast and slipped into a box,
the top of the identifying number is torn off and separated from the ballot.
Secret ballots became common in the West all the way back in 1899.
So this clown, it came in a big song and then it's a couple of days ago.
And they always do it very authoritatively, like they really know what they're talking about.
Like that jackass that called the 30,000 overseas ballot,
it turns out to be like two or three thousand.
But this guy had 30,000 and he's probably making a few of them up right now.
Now, the most significant thing that happened is that the judging Palm Beach
issued the injunction,
blocking Palm Beach County from certifying recount results until
a hearing on Tuesday,
circuit judge Kathleen Corwell decided whether the counties ballot was so confusing that it deprive voters of a choice.
So Tuesday is the early if we're really going to find out anything in addition to which of course they've got your nice five to the 17th for those overseas ballots.
The absentee ballots to be counted.
I thought it was I was ironic that on the news last night.
Oh, get this new Canon off of the here we go again.
I'm CNN yesterday morning.
He's sucking up with Katie correct.
And he's like all gore.
Oh, should have most of those votes.
They were voting for him.
Then yesterday I guess they straighten them out on Fox on the Nazi news network because about six o'clock on those Fox.
They whip him and asked from one side up the other and by the time they got on with Larry last night.
Yeah.
Yeah.
By the time you got on with the ass sucker last night.
All of a sudden he was like, oh, one of those people voted for me and maybe some of them were you on the floor,
but they're my votes.
They're my votes and you're not getting them.
Somebody really got the old pad.
I'll say that.
But to make a long story short.
By the 17th we've got the overseas ballots coming in and we'll have a count on that.
But that is relatively insignificant because you've got first of all up in a year.
What's going to happen in Palm Beach, which I'll get to.
And secondly, you've got the manual recount.
See the Republican party and all their henchmen.
As partisan as I am, they're all embarrassing me because they're all in a feeding frenzy, but the Republicans are just playing out lying.
These are the people that we're going to restore dignity and morality back.
They're flat out lying.
They're doing two things.
They're lying in their threatening.
First of all, this call of the road gets on there and comes up with this crap about, wow, you know,
for William daily to be talking about the butterfly ballot.
That's a hot one because in Chicago and his own city there, they use the butterfly ballot.
Well, guess what?
They use the butterfly ballot, but they don't have the same race on different pages.
In other words, if the mayor's race on the left hand page, all the candidates for mayor on the left hand page.
If it's a dog catcher on the facing white hand page, the candidates for dog catcher are on that page.
They're opposite and there's a space.
They showed what the ballot are that they use in Chicago.
And if they're in the way related, this crazy thing that was in Palm Beach.
Just another freaking lie.
See, the whole concept of what really amounts to a bloodless coup, a bloodless attempt to take over the government by the bush people and the Republican, the right wingers.
The whole concept is that we got to talk our way into it.
If we just hurry it on up, we can't understand what the hurry is.
What's the rush?
The electors have to, December 18th, sit down and cast their votes from the various states.
Today's only the 10th of November.
So what's the big rush?
And the big rush is just like I told you yesterday, when there's a mistake and it comes out in your favor.
Well, let's hurry up and certify it until they find out what the real vote is.
Because I'm going to tell you right now and I know this is sure as I'm sitting in a chair.
That George W. and all of his cronies know that Al Gore won the selection.
There is no question in my mind about that.
In fact, even one of their highest attorneys, they wouldn't give his name on here yesterday.
He wanted to be anonymous and I can understand why.
But one of their insider attorneys, who are in public in party,
said, if there's a revolt in Palm Beach County, we know that Al Gore will be the nice president.
So that's an admission that they know that there are thousands and thousands of votes there
that the girl people got screwed out of.
Now, there's a miracle one who elects the next president based on confusion,
based on what is definitely an illegal ballot.
Is that the way we want to do it?
No, I don't think so.
But don't try it to the Bush people.
They want it by hooker by crook, not fair and square, but by hooker by crook.
They stole it.
And so anybody that gives a song to dance about,
wow, you know, the girl people with sour grapes and their attorneys and all these lawsuits.
First of all, the lawsuits are coming from individuals who are deprived of their right to vote so far.
That's where the lawsuits are coming.
And then we also have the question, see, they just hold away.
I think one lesson that really will really give us, should learn along time ago.
This is no way to run a railroad.
This is no way to hold an election with paper ballots with with votes being counted or discarded or just ignored
based on the chads on the back of paper ballots.
Or wasn't pushed to the edge through it and Jeremy cried, never had this much prominence is the chads on the back of your paper ballots.
Meaning those little tags on the back, if you punched the ballot and you don't punch it all the way through.
And when they stack up all those cards, all the ballots and they put it back in the computer for the recount or just the count of the first time.
The chads on many of them will close up again if they're not punched all the way through and therefore they don't get counted at all.
Now, if you think we're talking about a handful of votes, let me give you an example.
It's called under votes right on the front page in the hero under votes.
Including both the ballots in which the hanging chads prevented a machine count and ballots with a voter deliberately chose not to bunch a whole.
For particular race. Now, how many do we have in those just in this area under votes, 6,686 and Howard, 10,750 and Miami date and 10,000 Palm Beach.
Under votes. And I'm not saying that all of those are chads, but let's say maybe 2,000 of more.
And right now we're looking at a difference of 327 votes.
So if there's anybody in the right mind who thinks that Al Gore should concede at this point or that George Bush is just going to be allowed to steal the election, he and get his entitlement and we coordinate King George and going to happen.
Isn't going to happen.
It would seem to me that any fair minded person would say as long as we're voting for something as important as president, let's get it right.
Huh? Would you agree with that?
Yeah. Let's get it right. There's no big rush.
Except in the stock market, of course, for the NASDAQ's down 100 and 1, this is the key.
This is the key. They should tell you everything you need to know.
That was down 115. It's only a little after 10 o'clock and already the market's in the crapper. They were talking before this morning on CNN about when they were watching the futures on election night.
The futures market when Gore went ahead and Florida when they when the networks declared Gore the winner and Florida 750.
The futures took a dive. They went in the toilet and then later when they took that back, they went soaring and then when the announcement Bush had won it, they went through the roof.
And then guess what? Then when they said, well, we made a premature evaluation, then they went back into crapper again like they have the last two days because big business wants Bush.
10% to 560 WQ.
No question of the service and maybe do you think that that the express wouldn't permission to go to the end before God's House Group incorporated only in the banana republic, baby only in Miami.
Okay, 1014 to 560 WQM. Al Gore is up 4,000 votes in Oregon with 99% of the precincts counted.
So it looks they were saying this yesterday, too. And here it is. Talk about a way to run a railroad and a way to conduct a election.
Here it is Friday, two days after the election. And now we're just finding out about Oregon.
And also the threats. This is what I really love about the fair minded republicans, the threats that are coming down.
Well, you know, if you really push this and the pursuant, even though of course we all know you really want Florida, but if you push it and pursuant, we got Iowa waiting in the wings, we got Wisconsin waiting in the wings, and we even have a New Mexico waiting in the wings.
But now that looks like goes that when Oregon almost certainly that we'll give him with Florida, Oregon, let's see 25 and 7 is 32 is 292 electoral votes.
292 in the end 270. So that means he could afford to lose 22 votes and still win, which could be like Iowa and Wisconsin is 18 or any combination of any two of those three if they wanted to force the issue.
And then of course they also have waiting in the wings, their million absentee ballots in California.
Which up so yesterday I never heard anything about that. This is the thing with its absentee ballot business. Very mysterious.
And I'll say it again, this business of well, we had 350,000 absentee ballots in Florida, then all of a sudden like midday and lurch in day, but you know something, it could be half a million and then nine o'clock at night. Well, guess what, it may be closer to a million.
How can the supervisor of elections not know how many absentee ballots have been given out?
In a state where we're now saying there's a margin of 329 votes out of 6 million plus votes cast and we don't know how many absentee ballots were given out.
You have to kind of look, oh, and then a tattooed L this guy must be on doing bad drugs. The Democrat post the reject that they've been creating one on Fox, I guess, a remiss MVC.
On election day, he's talking about why did I Florida in recent years, the elections down there really clean. This is much Chicago or something. I heard that.
And they were whipping him and asked on all the networks yesterday and rightfully so.
And they were all saying, can you name any state where there's more corruption between high alia and Miami? We've had more goddamn bogus elections. And of course this state is not only famous for fixed elections. This state is famous for hanky, panky elections. If you're forward, you vote no.
If you're against it, you vote yes. Election time is not a time to get something done fairly. It's time to play games.
Just like Premier Penga, McCain, you got elected. Oh, yeah, we're not going to support Mickey Erson with that, with that arena.
And that was the main issue that he got elected on. And then we're going to spend taxpayer money to build on arena for Mickey Erson, a billionaire.
And then all of a sudden, like five minutes after we got elected and the votes were certified. Oh, well, guess what? We made an offer. He made us an offer. We couldn't refuse.
What a joke that is. Too bad about Joe Corroyo is the divorce, huh? Oh, it's not too bad. She finally winds up for a local Joe. Yeah, we're the laughing stock of the world again. Did you see that?
They were talking about that a great length. Mortar is the laughing stock of the world again because we can't do anything with it. They got all these dilapidated old machines from before Jesus was a baby.
We got these crazy people. I mean, it's not just the brought up there in Palm Beach. It's not just here, but whoever the people were in Teller has you said, oh, yeah, that ballot looks logical to me.
In addition to which last night when they were having one of the rallies in Palm Beach, they put it out a very good thing. And that is when you take the sample ballot, which first of all doesn't have any holes in it.
But we just hold it up and you look at it straight on straight ahead with the arrows. It looks very simple, but that's not what the ballot looks like because first of all, not only are the holes all screwed up and it's very illegal because the goal hold should be second.
You got the Bush hole, the goal hole and the asshole. He's an asshole. He can. Yeah. And the goal hole has got to be second. That's part of the law. In addition to which let me read once again.
The instructions that were handed to everyone who voted in Palm Beach County to vote used the punching instrument attached by chain to the automatic, punched straight down through the hole for the right of the arrow by the candidate or issue of your choice.
Is that right? Wrong. Absolutely wrong.
Now, one of the greatest discracies of all, and this is enough to make you cry. All the stories reading about the thousands of people who were turned away in Broward, for example, and the thousands of black people who were turned away and the thousands of people who thought that they had registered and were turned away.
And this is the way we're going to welcome President.
I'll say it again. So the day they stick my ass in the ground, nobody will ever convince me that girl wasn't didn't win this state.
This is talk about hanky, panky and a fixed election. This is it. I don't care what side you are on.
The Buchanan votes and how come it's taken them until today to finally start taking a look at this? Wouldn't that be the first thing you would look at as soon as you saw that business?
And this spin that they're trying to put on this about what? He got all those thousands of votes back in 96 in the primary, the Republican primary.
He was a Republican back then, you idiot. He wasn't an independent, a man for candidates.
In addition to which everything is relevant, you have to take a look at how many votes he got in all the other counties, including those far more conservative and Palm Beach, which is pretty relevant.
But they're going to have to spend it, they're spending it, they're trying to convince the public.
Hope against hope that the public is going to buy the legitimacy of that crap. If there's anybody who believes those Buchanan votes, here's a story.
Like I said, it's enough to make you want to cry.
Through outflow at a before-point, a candidate path you can inspect one vote for every 167 votes cast for Al Gore.
But if the VFW post-polling station in River of Beach, Buchanan received 13 out of 700 nine votes, one for every 50 cast for Gore.
But Judy Davis, a county school board employee who votes at the post finds it odd that Buchanan votes at a predominantly African American neighborhood would exceed the state average, or that Buchanan will receive any votes at all there.
Buchanan is opposed virtually every civil rights law of the last generation. I do not believe 13 of my neighbors knowingly voted for Buchanan said Davis 45, I'm very, very angry and upset about this.
But the Buchanan votes in predominantly Black River of Beach would not be only surprises and an astonishing election day in Palm Beach County.
According to a hero of analysis of Palm Beach County election returns, you can surprisingly well in predominantly Jewish precincts in West Palm Beach, Western Returns, and Delray Beach, as well as neighboring neighborhoods in Tahokia and Belgrade, where residents are mostly poor minority.
In Palm Beach County as a whole, only 337 voters registered as members of the reform party, still a conservative commissioner and columnist gathered about 3400 votes in the county.
Following that, 337, so this is contrary to the spin at the track, because what they do is taking all the independence votes, all the non-democratic Republicans, which includes the native votes and a whole hairy brown, a whole bunch of other crap.
337 voters registered as members of the reform party in Palm Beach, and we're supposedly, we got 3400 votes.
Carl Rove, chief strategist from the protectionist governor voice said Thursday that there were nearly 17,000 voters in Palm Beach County who registered as a member of the independent party to be formed party, the American reform party, which were labeled born this year by the before, Mefford and Flora.
He credited to be canon showing on the reform party nominees, extraordinary efforts to register supporters.
However, Flora reform party officials immediately disputed Rove's assessment of their party's strength saying that Flora combines all major or all minor parties, including those who say their independence being part of the dormant independent party.
All the little parties, like I said, if Palm Beach County is a stronghold and so is my synagogue, so David Groben, former chairman of the state reform party,
Rove's numbers are totally bogus.
So you see, even if you canon himself before they finally got in, and anyone they did get to me admits that all of those votes were for Gore, although he didn't want to give them back.
And the people from the reform party itself are saying, we think of those votes, you got to be crazy, you got to be out of your mind to believe that.
It's totally inconceivable that populations with high Jewish and black and stitch women voted for the canon added Dr. Josh Smith, 59, a political activist and retired senior high school principal from Delray Beach.
Portions of Delray heavily populated by African Americans and Jews will be canon strongholds in Tuesday's election.
In February or a beach, a working class predominantly black committed north of West Palm Beach, Buchanan gained 38 votes and three precincts and one or three precincts Buchanan drew one vote for every 50 cash for Gore.
At the greater Bethel, Bethel, what is it?
What is it?
Primitive Baptist Church, what kind of name is that?
Pulling place in February or a beach Buchanan received 17 out of 1262 votes, one vote for every 71 cash for Gore.
Margaret Dawson, Secretary of the Church of votes in the primarily African American precinct, is still scratching her forehead over the results.
I'm very surprised, she said yesterday, I don't know what could have happened.
And now comes the capper, hit comes the really good stuff boys and girls, strap yourselves in real tight.
Let's get those boots going.
In three precincts, I surprised Centurly Village in Boca, a condo community heavily populated by the elderly especially Jews, you can't undo, drew 58 votes.
That means that for all three precincts to be form party candidate gained over one vote for every 50 or 60 cash for Gore, in Centurly Village.
Courte White's votes in precincts 50th Century Village in West Palm Beach and Services President of the United Civic Organization, a community group in the complex.
White says this community is between 65 and 70% Jewish with a population entirely over the age of 55.
My parents were killed by the Nazis and I'll list every other member of my family said, White 77th, who fled from Vienna in 1939. They all perished.
Yet White says he fears he voted for Buchanan by mistake along with perhaps scores of his neighbors.
I hope I didn't, I pray I didn't, but I'm not sure he said we wouldn't vote for that man for anything, even Alzheimer's victims wouldn't vote for Kat Buchanan.
Jeanette J Slaven, a community activist from precinct 171A in Delray, beaters spent the past few days fielding phone calls from the stressed neighbors who feared they accidentally voted for Buchanan.
The composition of 171A is senior mostly Jewish people who are pretty well off she said their Democrats from ages ago from up north and they never would have voted for Buchanan.
According to returns from Palm Beach County, 28 people from precinct 171A voted for Buchanan. Those Buchanan votes represented 1.4% of 171A's votes.
Countywide Buchanan got 0.79% to vote.
I've had so many phone calls I had to leave the houselaven said people were crying and asking me what are you going to do.
We have to do something it's not right that all those people went to the pool, some with cane, some with walkers and couldn't vote for the person they wanted to be present.
And this is in the case of wow there so all their stupid there there's the it's a case of the ballot was illegal confusing and more important from our legal standpoint ill freaking legal get with it.
Because nobody in this country is going to hand over the case of the king to a bunch of people who want to steal the election based on a bogus election in the state of Florida.
Based on the skull dug away in a state where the governor happened just happens by coincidence to be the younger brother of the very confident candidate who was sitting there training or supposedly losing the state but we have no fear because we got all the all the aases in the hole.
In the hole like I said there was the bush hole the girl hole and then there was Buchanan he didn't answer the asshole.
26 after 10 to 5 60 WQ I am.
While a better happy star Bob Elder talks about the old country I was 5 years old and playing for a dummy team first time I missed goal against the grass foot mix coach but enough put me in small
pop that water is dripping on my head for 12 hours next time I miss goal KGP great my mother first time I scored goal was against I be really sad and and feel as leader gave my family piece of me.
Watch the batters lose again this Friday night against this happening.
This is available with all this is back there down.
Okay 10 31 at 5 60 WQ in the New York Times announces that if Florida elections are invalidated the global win the presidency because only a majority of the 535 certified electors 250 seven left to the hotel be required.
He's already got 260 now Iowa again I say this too close to call but guess what so is the hamster and you know something I'm all for it if they want to have recounted all a close date they should.
Nobody should win the election based on 40 results and I'm going to say it again in the age of computers how embarrassing it is that we live in a country where we're still doing things like in the stone age paper ballots in bags boxes cartons people running around for getting to deliver them driving around in the wilderness to try to find out where they're supposed to take them absentee paper ballots got only those how many of them nobody seems to have the answer to that.
Unbelievable.
God to get over this we have to get into the computer is not the internet I'm not ready for that they talk about that the other day we got too many hackers out there there's too much your fucking invitation to fix the goddamn election just like the paper ballots are.
That's what they really ought to do right before the election is put on the front page of every newspaper in America here's an engraved invitation for you to help us fix the election with hanky panky with these paper ballots.
And the thing with the chads on the back of the goddamn card what are we talking about this is like something out of the dark ages.
They have to keep running these things through and running them through and take all these hours and days.
I think back in the the founding fathers they could have probably done it faster than this.
But a goddamn pony express.
Now people from Palm Beach County want to if there's a form on democrats dot com on the internet speaking of that W. W.
W dot internet what am I saying that democrats dot com W. W dot democrats dot com and there's a form.
A protest form protest of election returns to canvassing board and you have to fill in your name and preaching if you don't know your preaching number that is a little
less than a minute from your three address.
It's under penalties of poetry I swear or a firm I've read before going and believe the facts to be truly out of the out of the
audience that I must believe I'm mistakenly cast my vote for happy can instead of our door.
So you can find this form right there on the internet W. W. W.
W dot democrats dot com.
You can print the page fill into blanks and fax it to four one three four six oh thirty three ninety six.
Also if you live in Palm Beach and have any questions about this you can call five six one eight oh three thirty five thirty oh we should
put this on our website should put it on your w i just dot com.
Sponsored at our poor yesterday should Palm Beach County to give it another election.
We had fourteen hundred eighty four votes eleven hundred twenty eight said yeah that's seventy six percent three hundred fifty six said no twenty four percent.
So over three quarters of the people in this audience anyway said that Palm Beach ought to be given a chance to revoke.
Absolutely I mean of course the big thing going around and thanks for sending these but we got about five hundred and the official Florida presidential ballot the new car two that's coming out.
Follow the arrow and punch the appropriate dot on the top line it's got bush with a straight arrow to a big dot and then it's got you can and grow and
nature and a whole bunch of squinted lines and then they finally come out looking at them crossword puzzle next to a dot.
As in what's dot.
This is a way to want to goddamn election.
Like I said if I want to recounting there great let's find out who really want which constant let's see who really want new
Hampshire New Mexico whatever it is.
I don't know what the bush people just don't admit well we know that we really lost Florida we just we just don't want that to happen but we know that we really lost it.
Here's core game also a meal yes sir I'm sure you would be goal to do the
thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing we want to do is we want to do the thing
right now so which we need to vote right now so which we need to vote right now so which we need to vote right now so그� Confederate
campaigning you know bush was on for the people whatever the people will
as well as what you're not sure for people you lost the popular vote and you're
gonna lose the photo vote so I don't you step down and as far as making this
thing as far as you can go I'm with you 100 percent because why should they be
able to steal the election exactly I mean you know again it's this entitlement
thing like oh well you know we're entitled to what and pop a bush and
chaining all this crowd the the CIA crowd the the blue nose as they want him
in there in the big business people they want him in there why did you
just give up already nice tribe but we we got it Lee Lee Ali North was on last
night even embarrassment yeah I don't know if you saw him on the but he he was
threatening he was like intimidating the guys from the court camp like
intimidating like who do you think you are and he was like that we are who he is
a convicted felon yeah convicted so then I guess like I said the guy was like
getting scared like move it over like he was gonna hit him because he's kind of an
imposing figure it was just embarrassing why this whole thing is the
travesty justice okay hang in there drags here's a full question for today and
to the weekend now that the report a recount is finished should Al Gore
concede defeat yes or no now that the vote recount is finished should Al Gore
concede defeat yes or no 22 before 11 at 560 WQM yeah all you girls to
I wonder if he was upset 1960 that's a brilliant observation and of course
they show once again the kind of morons that were dealing with out there I
mean idiot and I will say this in all fairness one of that what the hell do they
call it I have another one denied I'm CNN those the town meetings yeah see I
get them confused with those with a pop lock suffers one of those town hall
meetings they had yesterday and they for eight within Palm Beach and there were
a couple of people who said they were bush people they voted for bush but they
admitted that the ballot was deceptive and another thing I started to mention
before not only with a holes not in the proper place but when you put the
ballot into that machine when you slide it down in there it's not even
out looking straight I think you're looking at it on an angle and one of the
protestors up there in Palm Beach pointed that out very well as that you're
looking at an angle and so the alignment is an exact not to mention I'll say it
again the ballot was illegal 21 till 11 a few in the
Roger show sports radio five sixty you
you feminized pot in Florida this is the story of a girl who drugged her pants
and lo and the whole world and while her butt was fine it looked like mine
because it was on a hairy and that's
how many hairs on a rear certainly more than I'm
minding up here and I'm gonna be so sincere it looks like a sheet that hasn't
been shared she had an ass like you back up where you're around on the
rounds or chiefs needed a razor with clear or they shampoo to the hair didn't
reach but why did I have to see if that's a one-year-old
a rat was looting my way they're on the
front of a girl well they don't care this is the story of a girl
drug the pants and lo and the whole world and while her butt was fine it
looked like mine because it was on a hairy and that's
what
that's what he for five six years and I see her during the break and watching the
tape they're showing the rerun of her in the huge this morning the bush
campaign spokesman and she's and they're doing the same thing they've been
around a while they try to talk themselves into it and after the
recount is totally done they have more people have got to accept that this is
the world of the public and the election is over on the idea and William
Bailey just issued a message saying of the election is not over and it's
not it's not over till a all the hosts have been counted be recounted and
not just here but if there's a problem in Iowa let's recap those if there's a
problem in Wisconsin New Mexico Arizona New Hampshire get it right we're not
talking about a guy named Game of Cards here we're talking about a presidential
election let's get it right before somebody grabs the key to the king the
most is exactly what they're trying to do and you can see by their enormous
haste and getting it over if they know that they lost they lost the popular
vote and they lost the electoral vote well let's get it over now okay how many
more recounts you want as many as it takes to get it right not to get to
deserve results but to get it right to find out whose vote was for whom and make
sure it counts that's all a reasonable request here's a lady in
plantation hello good morning yeah yes ma'am I too voted for our goal for
president of the United States and what you've been reading since 10 o'clock
makes so I mean it really hits the nail on the head because it's the right
people went to Palm Beach especially in Century Village and asked these people
door to door they didn't vote for the cannon by mistake instead of gore they
voted for the cannon by mistake instead of Lieberman yeah and this is this is
what they have to realize these people wanted Lieberman in there and I think
everybody should want I'm but it's time we had a minority vice president in
there anyway so I mean does this gore get the advantage of those votes are only
legal when you have to separate them well what I'm you know what I'm saying I'm
saying that they didn't I mean they wanted Lieberman as much as gore or gore
as much as Lieberman and I just think it's a shame that Bush might go to the
White House because of this mistake I really do I just think it's a shame well
we got a lot way to go the game over it's just true okay hang on
the bulk of a total law firm of Horowitz sees money act and Bowser filed a
class action complaint in Palm Beach Circuit Court case number so on against
Palm Beach County supervisor of elections plaintiffs contend they lost the
right to vote due to improper ballots and seek to represent register voters in
Palm Beach County election the complaint includes an order allowing a
revote for Palm Beach County with respect to the presidential revote only
anyone who thinks that your vote may have been invalidated call attorney Mark
Cohen and here's the number five six one nine eight nine ninety six sixty nine
in conjunction with his class action suit in Palm Beach County anybody in Palm
Beach who thinks that your vote may have been invalidated call attorney Mark Cohen
at five six one nine eight nine ninety six sixty nine
I'm voting by the way over here on our poll I just voted on our poll near
Rogers dot com our poll question to the answer to the wicked not that the
Florida we count as finished should out go concede defeat yes or no here's a
call in Delray Beach hello yes sir
last night's meeting at the Monaco in King's Point Mary Lou Becker
Secretary of Mr. Aaronson the commissioner of elections told these people that
Judge Lucy Brown has put her stock to all counting until 1pm on Monday and she
was decide at that time whether the ballots will be certified or not yeah
that's all yes you want to stand me yes okay thank you for getting let's listen to me okay
Zagrezon get a hearing it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
18th to improvise on wireless line then we already have that on okay but he's
very I worked up about it and for obvious reasons let me say it again the Palm
Beach County as a whole it's got only three hundred thirty seven voters registered as
members of the reform party and we're supposed to believe the pat you can't got
thirty four hundred votes is there anybody who believes that this pat you can't
believe it all the before party members believe oh no and we're supposed to believe
that we're going to coordinate the next president based on a bogus victory by
three hundred and twenty seven both out of six million cast in this state with all
these irregularities and you know something here's the tip off here's what
the idea they started out with seventeen hundred eighty four vote difference and
if you want to know why the supervisor of election in kala hafi whatever her name
is that bitch what what's all this you saw her yesterday the one ahead on TV
Harris what's all this her name one more please okay Catherine Harris and she
insisted on keeping up that seventeen hundred eighty four vote total during the
course of her and you want to know why because she's a partisan she's a
rabid or a Bush Republican yeah so they kept that number up there even though all
the never said that time thanks to the associated press there were shown two
hundred and fifteen to twenty nine as always changing county by county as the
we vote the recount was going on seventeen hundred eighty four she kept having
up on there all over the country three guess what sweetheart you're full of crap
not that there's any partisanship involved here not that the fact that says the
governor of the state is the brother of the candidate who allegedly won allegedly
stole the election fifty eight votes for pat the cannon and sent you a village
yeah wax all Jews and other minorities voting for Buchanan does anybody in the
world believe that no there's a Joseph Gerber's believe that no I'm
a Kimberland I'm garrison who don't have no over the head station no they don't
believe it and illegal ballot that disenfranchises at least three thousand I would
say and maybe more of those thirty four hundred people unacceptable here's a
mobile in Miami hello hey now yes sir hey but did you watch our Larry King
right last night yeah I'm still showing up for me yeah because did you see
Lincoln day out but yeah no as soon as he came on I turned to another channel
I will not watch him he's a certifiable who take you boys in a rubber room he was
in the he was all they're trying to put his spin on the whole thing about it
should have the the the re-vote is should be a non-issue and blah blah this and
that and and and I think it was Sandra Van Okre one of the other guys I want
there had a comment that if that the election was not taking place in Cuba
it would take you like he could say it as soon as he said that he got this
sour look on the face yeah like like somebody was she heard a corn cow
of a dad he didn't know what to say he was like that and then he came back on
the idea like well I am in the United States of America and then Larry King just
cutting off a nice going Larry it's about time it's frozen you know in closing
yes sir I don't have a box box can you play that okay thank you you
but now what was this he said yeah Lincoln Diaz ball art don't confuse them
with the facts him and Ilyana gross like men oh and speak of that you notice
who are one of the attorneys in Palm Beach for the Democrats Kendall coffee
right who was what he's on our side he was one of the 865 Ilyana attorneys but
now all of a sudden he's seen the light and is a good practicing war I mean
the attorney you know he's there one thing about you lawyers out there man
you don't care where the more which side the money's coming in from this
grab it just grab it and they say that constitution is illegal in this
country yeah right sure here's Bokeh hello hey you know how's it going okay hey I
got a couple things for you first of all let me just say I'm an independent I have
no party affiliation so everything is being said or coming out of both
campaigns I'm taken with the grain of salt right and it seems that the two
biggest issues that have come out of the Palm Beach situation were the setup of
the ballot it was legal and I guess how many votes were invalidated so I just
feel a little independent you know searching on my own and like at the
statues and whatnot I don't know what you're referring to as far as the
ballot being illegal is that based on based on the way the candidates were listed
or yes it's based on the way that they were listed it's based on the way that
the holes in the order of the holes and it's also based on the invalid
instructions okay okay I mean as far as I could see I guess the instructions
that have to do with paper ballots versus machine ballots and that's where I
thought maybe some of the confusion no no I'm talking about the instructions that
were given to each and every voter in Palm Beach County which I have here in
front of me in the middle of these eight thousand factors somewhere I see
that where it says march to the right I guess the right down to the horse is
the right of the arrow by the candidate or issue of your choice it says
absolutely nothing at all about punching to the left or candidates being listed
to the right of the and I'll say it again the butterfly ballots that are used
in Chicago and anywhere else don't have candidates from the same race on
different pages but they're all punched to the left they're just not from the
same right that's right okay and I'm sure the instructions probably say punch
the hope of the next name right right okay I guess the second thing was the
number of in-bought ballots and one thing that I didn't hear reported too much I
I found a couple places was the fact that in 96 there were something like 15
thousand ballots in Palm Beach I had to be thrown out because they were double
punched in you know there's 19,000 this time around with a higher turnout but how
much you know is that really an anomaly because of the ballot or is it just
the voting pattern I don't know but it's your worth looking at isn't it when you're
talking about an election decided by 300 votes oh absolutely no no no no not
about it I have absolutely no problem with you know people calling for recount we
have to wait till next week for the absentee to come in and you know what's the
hurry the elected the electors don't meet till December 18th I don't understand
what the hurry is yeah people do like to know and of course all those
grave robbers on lostry they're just dying for the result that they want but in
the meantime it would seem to me this is important enough that we ought to get it right
I agree with what's get it right then we have to get it right I think the folks who are
claiming for rebote they'll probably are not going to get it if they you know if they
punched it twice they punched it twice and you know I guess they have to
yeah but however the thing that's that minute forget about the 19,000 but the 3400
Buchanan votes it seems to me very clearly that you can see by the precinct that it and it had
there is plenty of precedent for this too that judge has plenty of evidence here showing that
there's no way that these votes were valid they were intended for that Buchanan how much
responsibility do you think should be heaped on the voter themselves versus some other
force I don't think that you have to be clever I think that if you're you know you're a citizen
and you're entitled to vote I think that you don't have to be clever you don't have to be
have great reflexes you're supposed to be able to vote that should be very simple and very
clear which it was not well I I think the idea that we're going to have elections especially
important ones like for the president based on confusing the voters now many people are
bright enough to see through all the bullcrap and get away that's not the way the system's supposed to work
I hear you I hear you so I just think those folks who punched it twice I don't know what
I'm not talking about the twice but but again you've got to understand that when you look at it
to an angle and again keeping in mind what I just read you about punching the holes at the right
of the candidate those people thought they were voting for gror and leave them because it looks
when they punched it twice is that what they're saying they punched it one for gror and it was both
spaces both circles both holes show up within the space that it says algo and joe leave them and
that's right until a lot of people assume that well they're voting punch to the right they
had a bunch of votes which I know it's not pretty stupid you guess what people aren't that right
yeah that's true I guess you don't have to be right because of that exactly well take a look at
all the people who voted for Bush all right have a rate they pal see it 1056 at 560 QAM
430560 WQAM by handy Port Lauderdale of Beasley Broadcast Group CAM WQAM.com was a world I don't have a
country
when the sun beats down and burns the tongue of my head
and when my employees laugh at me I wish I were good
yeah
I got a ball
five
I got a ball
yeah
should I pay this
planet or cover it it's all up to me
I do
he's got a ball
five just like a figure ball
I got a ball
five I feel three inches
five he got a ball
five he tell me
five he got a ball
five I know how Larry Kingfield he got a ball
five
five
and when I think my head my wife she said
she out of here
and when I go to the chanda guys are using my head for a mirror
I got a ball
five
I got a ball
I got a ball
five
I got a ball
five
he's got a ball
five just like a figure ball
five I feel three inches
five
please I'll be right
but he got a ball
five I know how Larry Kingfield
he's got a ball
five
and when I do it
okay I'm sure you wanted to hear the call but we can't I can't find it
and you know something that's the food I can do
hope that also applies for now
let's read your castella on the qm van from noon to two
and with the best meal stuff
at the popular beach service center on the turnpike at Atlantic Boulevard
with all the CDs because that's key chains and t-shirts
I'll grant total so far pretty week to be honest with you for plant parenthood
46,430 bucks pretty week
and if you say we're doing okay
do I believe it
no he don't care he's leaving anyone
but anyway so we got 46,530
you can buy your stuff from our website
neillarduse.com or also wqam.com
you can get the at all your specs
stores all over town and and specs and Naples and Fort Myers best meal CDs and cassettes
all shipping and handling this year has been donated by pack meal centers of
america 965 North Navajo road and plantation
we thank them profusely
but in the meantime on how they's coming up
great gift idea best meal CD and cassette every year that's when we usually do big
and we got a long way to go long
long way to go we're not going to accept mediocrity just because some
of you may be leaving you don't talk about
and I just I would like to make a suggestion
as to how very easily we can eliminate the paper
ballots all the confusion and you know how you do it to be you know when you go to the
bank with your ATM card
instead of going in there's all these machines these voting machines
these archaic dinosaurs you go in and there are machines that look like
ATMs
and everybody has
a card just like a credit card
that's your voter card and that is your voter card you have your voter
registration card well this would be all your registration card and your voter card
and you swipe it through there and then all of a sudden on the screen comes up your choices
on a screen and you punch
Al Gore or George Bush or whatever
and then when you're done with that one you press the button to go to the next screen
and then when you get all done it says if you like to validate if you like to
if this is your accurate vote
give you a little readout is what it is
is this what you want? yes and that's it
and then it clears the thing or if you want to make a change
press the screen you want to go back to screen number two I want to change this
and then finally when you get to the end of it that's it and you're both automatically registers
and it's locked in there and nobody can ethyl it nobody can drive it around in the box
in a bag this is not the way ladies and gentlemen to conduct an election
not just for God damn president but for governor
for dog catcher this is an invitation for fraud
I don't want to hear from any officials who are be moaning the fact that oh my
gosh this is terrible it's terrible because you people
the people in charge are two God damn stupid and you're not innovative enough
to come up with a system that makes sure we get a real winner
you invite people to screw it up
now somebody here Michael wants to know and
and I don't know the answer maybe somebody out there does
if there's a double punch in one race on a ballot
is the counting machine cancel the one race or the entire ballot I think that's a really
hard ballot yeah so we have all these thousands of ballots that were
tossed out 19,000 and we're assuming the double punch is on the
a Gore-Lieberman line and you have to also assume that the majority of those
people would vote it for Bill Nelson so even though he won his margin of victory
was probably much much higher than it would appear
again that's only assumption but it's the assumption based on pretty good evidence
here's a lady in pepper pine hello hello
yes yes I have some questions
I called the supervisor of elections in
Broward County and asked how they actually did the recount
and I also watched MSNBC yes and they spoke to a lady in
Tampa that was in charge of that they only recount
the ballots they don't compare signatures in each precinct
to the number of ballots to me to the valid
recount they should be counting the signatures so if I have 5,000 signatures
in my precinct I should have 5,000 ballots I shouldn't have
4,000 ballots because some things wrong or I shouldn't have 6,000 ballots
so they don't check that they do not check that and that is what
I think these recounts that should be mandatory
so that was one point and to me on election day all the
channels were saying that it's 80% turnout 80% turnout 80% turnout
88 and paid however if you look at the result it ended up being 1767 and
72 I believe so to me to validate and election people are always wondering what's
happening with ballots if some are missing the only way to do is compare the signatures
my second point on the 19,000
double punches when they said that there this happened in 1996
was that just in the same county or was that all over for it?
on Palm Beach they said there were 15,000 Palm Beach
maybe we have a lot of stupid people in Palm Beach who wouldn't surprise me
or has anybody thought that maybe they had faulty ballots maybe there was already one?
that's a good point I don't know one hole punch one oh one that's not that
but I mean maybe there was the same problem I don't know what if they use the same stupid
butterfly ballot 96 in Palm Beach but I'm sure somebody can tell us
and maybe people did it for the same reason I don't know
because my suggestion is they have left over ballots that were never used
right why don't they look at those ballots and see if there's something
faulty with them just running them through a machine to see if it comes
up with a vote yeah well when they're going to be doing these
hand by hand the recounting in Palm Beach they're doing 4,000 to start
by hand the recounting of all the machine in Palm Beach because both parties demanded that
and they're doing by hand first they start with 4,000 one percent
and then they'll see how much how far off that is and whether it matches up with a computerized or not
and then depending if it doesn't then they're going to do that
we'll have to do the whole county by hand but wouldn't that invalidate all these 19,000
if there was already something that matter with the ballot itself
in fact the way to keep those ballots through and it only came up with one vote
and nobody's voted on them wouldn't there be something that matter with the
ballot and would it be worthwhile that they're going to have to look at that but I have
ballots about that okay I'd like to ask five six seven
oh five sixty Palm five sixty just enough to make you very very very very
very angry not that I don't think most people are all that crazy about either one of
these candidates because I know I sure as I wasn't what the fact is if we're going to
have plenty of time and all the billions of dollars that they spend on advertising
and campaigning all this broker then at least get it right
I know I'm asking for a lot because you know me I'm always a mouth content but how about getting it right
duh yeah how about getting it right
oh I'm complaining too much I'm sorry 10% to whether it's
560 W2 went and later on a bang and the thought probably
so just to answer the annual calls it 83 is a 18 and teens new appalling claims
Like a simplifier calling and reduce your phone bill.
Wait, who are you again?
AT&T.
AT&T, you're calling for what?
So I'll tell you that I knew it was calling plans.
You knew it was calling plans?
Yes sir.
Alright, go ahead.
Okay, well I'm here at AT&T like I said we do have new calling plans.
Like a simplifier calling, reduce your phone bill.
If you don't mind me asking, what?
Hello?
You don't mind me, I'm on the toilet while I'm talking.
Oh okay.
What's that?
What kind of mind this is,
what's that?
What's your question again?
What's that mind this is?
Hello?
Do you have?
We must use AT&T, I don't know.
Okay so there will be a better time for you to call for that.
What?
There will be a better time for you to call for that.
No, I, you got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom and I don't
want to get up and hang it up so keep talking to me alright.
Tell me more about your deals.
Okay, so you think you're with the certainly.
Sorry, I think the MCI is sprint.
What?
What?
So you think you were with MCI or AT&T?
Something like that.
Something like that?
Okay, do you know what kind of rates you're currently getting?
Hello?
Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it?
Do you think you can do that one more time?
I'm making a poopy.
Sure, you make a poopy.
Hello?
Sure.
Bye bye.
Okay 1160 to 560 WQM.
Here's an article from the Wall Street Journal that appeared.
By the way, Joe Costello is going to be in the QM van at the Citro gas station in the Palm Beach
Service Center.
It's an interned bike at Atlantic Boulevard.
And then you can stop in there and get the Nathan's hot dog and some of them.
Mother of Hummer pies, what do they have?
Mrs. Fields Cookies, whatever they got up there.
Did you ever stop in the term bike guessing?
Yeah, I travel a lot up the road, up the state.
Anyway, here's a whole article about the I vote for high-tech balloting by John Steele Gordon.
It says, when Americans went to the polls yesterday, we chose or thought we were choosing the leader of the most technologically advanced country on earth.
We have more automobiles, computers, telephones, televisions, VCRs, cuisines, and heaven knows what else per capita than any of the country.
Yet when we voted, the Central Act, the communion of democracy itself, if you will.
We Americans mostly used technology, so primitive it was available 100 years ago, and in some cases 200 years ago.
The paper ballots still in use in a few places dates back centuries and was the method used to elect George Washington.
Not much changed for another 100 years except the scale and scope of voter fraud.
In Vetter's begin to look for ways to counter fraud and is important to make it easier and to cast and count votes.
The very first patent award that Thomas Edison in the 1868 when he was 29 was for a device that would allow congressmen and senators to vote on motion by simply pushing the appropriate button.
Royce votes that often took 45 minutes could be replaced with an early instant tally.
A congress wanted no part of Edison's right idea, much to the young and better she grinned.
It's members for the old method which a lot of pressure would be put on late voting legislators.
And then it was on about the public voting booth and about this, and that, and yadi yadi yadi.
This is the technology of modern and at least for the moment, fraud-proof voting system is already well developed and ready to go with not the Internet.
The problem part of event fraud on such a wide open communications platform has not been solved by any means.
Instead, it's a technology that's familiar to anyone and everyone sufficiently secure that banks are willing to dispense millions by means of it every day.
The ATM, like I just said.
There was not a single technological reason why a vote around election day should not be able to walk in any convenient polling place.
Insert his credit like registration card and his pin number, allowing a series of questions on a screen.
Please vote for one of the following candidates for present for example.
Review his choices and press a button to register his votes.
The votes will be transmitted instantly to the central computer and at the close of polling results will be instantly known.
If a nation-wide 24-hour election period were adopted, people in the Eastern US would still get a good night's sleep on election night.
While there are no technological reasons such a system could not be well on the way to being up a bit about the nice presidential election, the vast and nurture-inherited government, not to mention the self-interest of politicians, comfortable with the status quo for reasons honorable and less so, makes that extremely unlikely.
So while I can indicate this article to a voice recognizing software program instead of typing out on a manual typewriter, I will still have to vote as my great grandparents did.
Once could hardly ask for a better example, the superiority of private enterprise over government would come to producing goods and services.
Merriam Plantation says they have ATM type machines in California and they're virtually irrefably compared to ancient technology that we use.
Amen, Mary. There you go.
Should never ever have to go through this again.
And you know something, then this way we wouldn't have mistakes like the networks reviewing the results to worry because it would all be foolproof.
There it is. Instead of having to do exit polling, which I'm sure would mug you lots of those who grit in this may and having this pissing contest to see which news outlet can be first and fast in the more full of crap, they pressed a button that's all there.
When the poll closes at seven o'clock for example in Florida, they punched at our eight o'clock in the opinion.
They punched the button. There's the number who has got this, which has got that you can't have got a piece of crap and that's it.
Makes too much sense.
And of course the politicians would like to especially her in the state of Florida because it eliminates almost entirely the possibility of fraud.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
I have a question. Does any other ballot in the United States except Florida had candidate one, oh one and ten of the two holes three?
No. We were the only ones.
Yes. And I'll say it again. The Republicans are trying to spin this thing about that butterfly style ballot being used in Chicago and elsewhere.
And it is, but I'll say it again, that each individual race is on a separate page. So like the presidential candidates would all be on the left page, follow what I'm saying.
And the holes would be right directly opposite the name and the racists on the other page facing would be like for dog catch your accounting commissioner whatever and that would have its own holes.
My goodness, we were the only ones who had a candidate one, one and two, three.
Right. I'm the leader of all.
And I have another comment to the gentleman about the previous vote and bomb and bomb each that they punch double holes.
I mean, the two holes are different candidates, the previous election. What I heard the number that I heard was 5,000 not 15,000. So apparently out there, there are all these numbers floating around.
And nobody knows exactly what it is. I think somebody should really investigate that and find out how many people did previously do that in the previous election.
So it's a big difference from 15,000 to 5,000.
Amen. Okay. Okay. Hope for the best.
Here's a fact from Jason, the young voter and lawyer listener who talks about how disturbed he is.
This is all a possible outcome in the election of frightening me, but the pivotal question for you is if this were a reverse the scenario and put the Republicans in the Democrats position, will your position be the same will you stand to be so vehement the answer is yes.
And just like I said a couple minutes ago, if there's reason for a recount in Iowa, let's recount them. Go on Iowa, but if it let's get it right, that's what I'm saying.
Sure, I want court to win, but let's get it right. If he lost, he lost. I can handle it. I went to bed thinking it lost. I can live with it. We'll survive it.
But get it right. Don't this in franchise, thousands and thousands and thousands of voters so that they can get a certain desired result. Unacceptable.
Okay. The information you have regarding the double punch ballots and Palm Beach is incorrect. According to Palm Beach County Commissioner who was on the they show this morning, the number that was being used by the Republican campaign manager is misleading.
According to the commission, they measure over and under all over and under. Let's hear it. Oh, get any K in on this, which means the total votes were a ballot has more than one hole punch or present over and the total votes were a ballot has zero holes, punch for present under the total combined over under for the last election was around 14,000.
I can't remember the exact number. The over under for this election was over 30,000.
The Republican party is comparing the total over under from the last election to just the over for this election. You see that?
So this is important. Thank you very much. So they got the over and the others and there you go. Anybody understand that? No, I do. Just like they're trying to give us some to answer about the Buchanan votes. It's totally meaningless.
And you know something talk about fuzzy math. Isn't that amazing? What about your hypocrites were dealing with here?
They're the ones who are supposed to be interested in bringing back civility and morality to Washington DC and to the government of Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and therefore the people power the people.
And yet they keep lying. They just keep blatantly lying flat out lying and trying to spin the numbers, spin the numbers.
God, that thing about Buchanan and all the hotel and got the last time. Yeah, as a Republican in the primary in the Republican primary.
Not as an independent.
But don't confuse them with the facts.
Because technically they're right, but don't like see the rest of it here. There's a little tiny bit of the truth, a kernel of truth shrouded in the middle of all kinds of lies.
Which I think she's telling where they're coming from in the first place. They are trying to steal the election. That's what I'm pissed off about Jason and everybody else.
We have people now who are trying to steal the election. They lost the popular votes. They lost the election. And now they're trying to steal it.
And hurry up and get over with him. Let us do it. And the rest of us are saying, we don't think so. There's no big hurry. Let's get it right.
West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. What did you mention earlier about how some folks have might have been undercounted with them and counted?
So if you didn't press like front five billion, David and Peter Joyce was on the ballot, and I left it right because he was on a post. So I didn't vote for anybody.
What are you saying? Those are popular. No, no, no, see, the thing is that sometimes when they go through with those ballots, if the chat is stuck back, he goes back into place. If it didn't go punch all the way through.
Right. And it won't show up in the final count.
Just a final count for that particular rager for the whole ballot.
For that race, in other words, that it all depends on where the chat is that's loose, that's hanging there.
Okay. So if I just left the Peter Joyce one, I'm touched, but I voted Bush. Right. It probably calculated.
Well, it will calculate the rest of your ballot, but I mean as far as that individual race, when they go back and do them by hand, it will pick up any votes that were left off because the chat was stuck back in place.
Okay. Gotcha. And I'll have I've a lawyer friend of mine who sent me something from the Florida Supreme Court. They've already ruled on both these issues previously, with invalid ballots and candidate appearing in different places where they should have been.
And in those times, they ruled that it's, you know, too bad should have brought it up before the election.
No, not Nancy. I keep hearing people say this is the popular party line now. They're complaining after the election is over.
Let me say it again, the sampled ballot, first of all, doesn't show the holes. And secondly, the misalignment problem only happens when you place the ballot in the machine, which no voter could have seen until they actually went to vote.
I can set the parcel up, but I'm like, it's had this Supreme Court already ruled that in addition to what it's for.
In addition to which the ballots are illegal, they're in violation of Florida law.
Like I said, you don't do it before. Let me say it again. Let me say it again. You wrong. You lose.
That's the popular party line. That's what they're trying to make their whole case on. Oh, yeah. Well, if you don't check it out before the game starts, you lose wrong.
Wrong. They're in violation of the law. Period.
Well, we're not interested in, I mean, if you think we're going to hand you the election based on a technicality, you're wrong, sir. You have something wrong.
They're illegal. Period.
Whole number two is for Buchanan. Whole number two must be by law for the Democratic candidate, Al Gore.
Don't confuse this guy with the fact that he just keeps repeating the same thing over and over and over and over again.
He's still saying he's not even on the air anymore. He's still saying.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio 560s. You.
Hey.
I'm not just a whole. I leave a bit.
But I can't help my father.
Or I'll write home.
Oh.
And I don't know where to look.
And I left the right of the South. And then I told it right.
I don't know.
Don't know what the hell like I'm the power that is all going to talk to.
I guess we'll get down to date my father.
I'm taking the cold so my brother will win just like the world's country like Mexico.
Thank you.
How much I have?
A 50.
And what I like about that.
And that's what I think.
I think that.
I should ask that last call if they think that it's appropriate to like the president based on.
You know, areas on confusing ballots.
I just don't know if you had to start a whole series of board games.
Yeah, confusion. We can have border confusion, driver confusion.
We can have like on a highway signs that show like U-turns that go like a bomb in the circle.
Yeah, voter confusion.
I like that.
And we can use on the box that cartoon that everybody's circling with all the squiggly lines pointing in all the different directions that can be on the cover.
Border confusion.
Because that's what it's all about.
And any asshole out there who thinks, oh, well, this is way we can see it now because, you know, with all these votes, that's great.
That's showing your big fat ass to everybody in the world.
Showing exactly what kind of asshole you are.
And what's with the Bush people all talking about?
Well, power back to the people. We trust the people. They trust the government. We trust the people except for its convenience.
And they're trying desperately.
You talk about spinning yesterday.
They were spinning the numbers and today they're spinning the urgency of well, let's just get out of time for them to get control in the towel and the number counts been done and yada yada yada.
Little PR they're doing.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Okay. Yeah, I just heard about like Jim Baker before when he said, after Jews.
Yeah. And George Bush also said that Jews are going to help because they don't believe in Jesus.
Obviously, they're probably just said that. Yeah.
Yeah, they're probably going to not care about that. My problem is with the media. I think that they're in the bag for money.
Like that national guard story where Bush was AWOP. That should have been huge news that we talked about.
Right. It's really an anmilarly Flint story.
I mean, the cocaine story, the allergic cocaine arrest in 1972.
There are just a zillion things out there. But for whatever reason they gave them a free pass and every time Gourph ordered the wrong flavor,
they had to make a big son of a dance and convince the American public he was the big liar.
That is true. The thought carried the center of the brass, or the Vietnam hero.
Yeah. He's the guy who made a big deal about this. But nobody else talked about it.
Boston Grove had a right there on the front page and the rest of the media gave it a pass.
Yeah. Okay. So I guess I'm well old Jews, but I believe in Jesus. They're going to go to hell.
There you go. If the Jews were just to believe in Jesus, they're going to believe in.
Yeah. We're starting a new organization. It's called Jews from Buchanan.
Boy. It's just it's funny and it's pathetic at the same time. It's just tragic.
Tragedy. Oh no. You don't understand. They voted for Pat. Uh huh. Yeah.
See, that's what they should have told Carl Rob yesterday when he was making those ass and I and statements and doing his statement,
all those idiotics, or bogus numbers about Buchanan's vote. They should have said, hey, guess what Carl?
Most of these came from Jews and blacks. What do you have to say that?
And his answer would have been. Yeah. Huh?
You got to go now. Here's the lady mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. Me and my husband voted in a stable farm elementary school.
Uh huh. And I want to raise two points. First of all, we were not asked to show our driver license.
And all the voters that were in the same line, they were not asked to show their driver license.
Why not? And the second, I don't know. The second point is that we were handed a pencil to give to write our signatures.
And I know from in Israel, we are. Pencil. Pencil. So they can erase everything.
Now they have a special, there is a special penalty give you that you're supposed to sign with. No, no, it was a pencil.
Yeah. I'm wondering if the law requires every vote, voter to present our identification card and also to sign with the pen.
So you're going to erase the signature. Right. Okay. Thank you. Well, I hope your vote counted. I'm also.
Don't be too sure. Okay. Good luck. Oh boy. And they want young people to get interested in politics.
Yeah. I don't think that was first time in years I voted on to the, I don't think I'm going to be wasting my time anytime soon again. You know what I mean?
I can accept the next hour and a half for all the good it did. Oh, yeah, but you know, you're one vote. Yeah. I won vote. If it counted.
And you know something, I haven't voted in years, but I'm not exactly a moron. You know, I'm pretty apt at things like that.
I can find the whole. But the fact is, even even in Broward, which didn't have that butterfly ballot, even when you slide that thing in and you line it up with the pegs, even in Broward, you have to really take a good close look because it was, it was not, not, not the best.
Even the old voting machines where you pull the lever down, even those would be preferable to this.
Because they kept it running tally and the machine number one and number two, at least there's no possibility of pushing the wrong lever because the lever is right over the name that you're pushing.
As opposed to playing this game, if I talk like a jigsaw puzzle, you know, punch the dots. What's that?
I've been telling you for years what a dumb country this is and it really is. I mean, this is somebody's idea of how you will like a present and all the billions and millions of dollars that are going to be spent and all the decisions that are going to affect the environment and the Supreme Court for decades and generations to come based on this.
And they then they want to get other people involved in the system. Give me a break.
Just like this lady that just called, I wonder how many people out there who voted, who took the time and the efforts to register and to go and vote on Tuesday.
I still wonder what the vote even got counted. They'll never know.
And yes, today they had one of the local channels that you see that. Yeah, absolutely.
The absolute balance that got tossed off and he was reading the names of some of them. And then David Leahy is saying, oh, well, they'll never know. These people know because you're using their names.
Nice. Yeah, nice. It's part of the American system. You never even really know for sure if you vote counts.
Nice. 21 before a noon of five, 60 WQA. Well, they have a queen in Amsterdam and in the Netherlands.
I mean, they do vote for a certain thing. They have a queen. A whole bunch of my hair. I have got something here that is going to make hair grow.
You better sit down. Everyone of you, no matter what you're doing. If you're on the road, pull off the side right now, pull over the side.
This is just enough to make me want to sit here and scream for the next two hours and 60 minutes.
Florida Centralplicate ballots overseas.
Oh, at least five Florida residents serving the U.S. Air Force base in England received two absentee ballots for this year's hotly contested presidential race, a civilian Department of Defense Employee told Salon Magazine, the Internet Magazine.
Elaine Gatley, 48 of Civil Service Executive Secretary station at RAF, Milton Hall and South Eastern England said Thursday that she and four fellow Floridians were working her office received two ballots in the mail from the state of Florida.
At first, I thought it was just a flip, Gatley said, but when I went to work the next day, I talked to my friends and they said, yeah, I got two also. I got a pair.
Gatley, a registered Democrat, completed and returned only one of the ballots you received, but she said at least three of her fellow Floridians, all of whom are registered Republican, told her they filled in out and returned the second ballots as well.
These people thought there was something wrong with the original ballot who was married to an Air Force service man. They just sent the second ballot and thinking maybe something was wrong.
The duplicate ballots were mailed from election offices in at least three Florida counties. Santa Rosa, Oceola and Hillsborough are going to Gatley. The multiple ballots were sent to registered Democrats as well as Republicans.
But the majority of overseas military people are Republicans at it. Gatley, it's usually the spouses of civilians who are the Democrats. One of Gatley's Republican co-workers, a dear force-based confirmed that she had received two ballots in Florida for request their name not to use.
According to Gatley, the majority of the basis staff comes from Florida. Gatley was formally employed at Eggland Air Force based near Florida.
No one from other states with whom she spoke in middle of me see more than one absentee ballots of Gatley. According to Float Elections Board, it's common for counties to send sample ballots before mailing the official absentee ballots. It should be clearly labeled a yadi-adi-adi-adi.
Absentee ballots are still being counted in the controversial Florida race. Officials say the final absentee tally might not be completed for another eight or nine days, etc. and so on.
I just mentioned that in passing because this is such a precise scientific system that we're using. Here's point and B, cello.
Hello? Yes sir? Yes, you know, I just like to make a couple of comments. I find it so ironic that the Republicans who wrapped themselves in the flag and they're so pathetic that democracy, we have to democratize the world.
We send troops to Haiti to establish a fear and honest election. We include a sovereign country, Panama, causing several thousand lines to be lost because Norieger overturned a legitimate election.
We isolated Serbia because of the lack of its government. Was it illegitimate? We sent US observation teams to East or more. Nicaragua, Guatemala, El Salvador to establish their elections.
I suggest that the Secretary General of the United Nations be contacted and United Nations observers be sent to Palm Beach County to ensure that the citizens of our county are right for you of the USA, having an election that meets the standards of democracy.
Well said excellent. Thank you. Okay, I'm all for you. Thanks. How do you like that? Let's bring it to God, the M.U.S. National Guard.
The SPCA, the JDL, the ADL to drop this coup in progress. N.W.ACP, I'll go over there. Jesse, that's where he's at too.
One thing he got ahead of to Jesse Boy, he never missed a fatal op in his life. 5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Don't forget our good news, close personal friend, Joe Castello. He'll be on tomorrow morning, 6.7 and then Sunday, 9.00 noon with some men's car crap.
And he's at the QAM van at the Citroe gas station from noon to 2 days, selling the best of meal stuff. That's in the popular wheat silver set on the turn pocket, landing Boulevard with our CDs, cassettes, keychains and t-shirts.
And all that good stuff. Yeah, sure, it'd be nice to make, I was hoping 250 grand this year, but think I kind of a blanche attitude in the other room, kind of like, well, you know, I'm leaving.
I just mentioned that in passing to here's Tamura. Hello.
Tamura, yes, sir. Well, we think a doctor's in our now. What do I think what a doctor's a boy? 5.6705.60, 0.560. I like that.
And so I was at soccer is that a piece of hollivar that he had stuck in the fall. One of the other. Here's a mobile and tavern here. Hello.
Yeah, a couple things at the end of one of those Miami-Herald articles, the 5,000 articles there in the paper.
It said that somewhere on that Palm Beach ballot, the only vote for one counterweight per page.
Well, if you want to talk about confusing when you have the president of the cabinet spread over two pages, it sounds like a totally confusing instruction.
Add all the other problems with that balance. Yeah. Anyway, send them to Miami-Herald article.
Well, I have the, if I can find in the middle of all this crap I got here, I've got the instruction, here it is.
Here's the instruction page. It says using both hands and serve the ballot card all the way into the voter mat.
Be sure to two slots at the end of your card for down over the two red pins to vote use the punching instrument taxed by changing the voter mat.
Punch straight down to the hole for the right of the arrow by the candidate or issue of your choice, do not use any other punching instruments.
Vote all pages after voting remove the ballot card from the voter mat. Place it in the gray security envelope and take it to the ballot box.
Well, let me finish. It says that if you make a mistake, return your ballot card and obtain another.
And to write to vote for writing doesn't say anything about vote only on one page. I got a right hand.
Vote all pages, I guess is what they have were talking about. Yes, it's vote all pages, but it doesn't say but punch it.
If you vote on the page and start with voice and you vote on the page, it starts with be counted.
That's another excellent point. If you, why would you vote on the second page? Because you'd be voting, you'd be voting your ballot.
Exactly. Because you'd be voting for two candidates for the same office. Excellent job sir.
That's what I was saying. And that is that Bob Drey on the Republican saying that what this office over, going back to the back kind of measure.
Well, if anybody say that before the F&D ballot, they're in with 300 votes. We, it doesn't make any sense.
He's forgetting that that's right.
They're trying to assume their way in. It's a while the F&D overseas ballots are always Republican.
Well, how about waiting and counting them in the meantime and also during that period of time since we have to lay Friday that the law requires those to be counted.
In the meantime, let's see what else we find out. You want to know what they don't want to do that because they know they're lost.
Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. Yes, see there you go. There's another great job.
And sir, I thank you for feasley. I didn't understand what you were saying first because they held out it wrong.
It doesn't say vote only for one candidate in each page. It says vote all pages. Guess what?
Wrong. What? They're running the very first and second pages are wrong without turning anything.
Because the first page is a page. What else that I've got it here on the ballot.
Bush and Cheney, Gordon Lieberman, Brown and Olivier, Nadu and LaDouc, Harrison, Troll, Hagelon and Goldhaver.
And on the second page is Buchanan and Foster, Nick Reynolds and Hollis, Phillips and Frazier, and Monica give me more head and Ra Riva.
And if you vote on both of those pages, guess what?
Another double vipper, your ballots tossed out the whole thing.
This ballot in Palm Beach is in valid. The instructions are invalid. The entire thing is invalid.
There must be another election in Palm Beach County. There must be.
Either that or they just go ahead and validate. Floor it and it's all over and go wins.
Because that's the provision of Constitution makes it. They throw out a state.
And it's just a majority of the electoral votes from the other states.
And like I said earlier, and I really mean it, if they want to recount Iowa, go ahead. I think they are.
If they're going to recount Wisconsin, Arizona, New Hampshire, find it. Get it right.
Get it right. But throw it away. Somebody based on fraud.
And outside, and not only the brought up there in Palm Beach County, that lot poop or whatever her name is,
but all the election officials from both parties in Tallahassee, I think they all ought to be in jail.
Or maybe the reform school, one of the other, or both.
Here's a lady in Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, Leo. I have a quick, weak point that I heard on TV yesterday, and I want somebody to confirm it.
In 1996, they had $14,000.
Yeah, we've already been through that. That was just for the over. This is over and under.
This is a 30,000 total.
Well, right. I know. But then they kicked out 19,000 this time because of double punches.
But back in there, not 19,000 idiots in Palm Beach County.
So if they had just a bit of a mistake in 1996, then that has somebody to give $300,000.
What is it?
If they had $14,000 thrown out in 1996, why would we keep that ballot for 19,000 to make this thing mistake again?
Because the ballot is not accurate. I voted in Palm Beach County.
And when I first looked at it, I said, what is this?
And it took me a few seconds to hone in on what was going on.
And then I knew that I did vote for right one. If I had my card line that I would.
I'm not going to be elderly that have a hard time pushing these cards down into this.
And then getting my fight fixed in on something. This card was invalid.
How many elections have gone by with this card that people have voted in?
How many bogus, because they're talking about date, how many of these bogus ballots are going to keep showing out and saying,
well, it just goes with the territory before they decide to really give everybody an opportunity to have their vote count?
Exactly. They're saying, well, you should get it right. Well, they should get it right and make it easier even if it comes down to put the picture as the presidential candidate on there.
So we can just go for it.
There you go. How to do it?
Not a bad idea.
But I appreciate how I just wanted to see if y'all had heard anything about that.
And listen, if it's not worth it, then we need to get something.
I've moved here from Alabama this year, even in Alabama, we had the machines that have to leave her on it.
Yeah, what does that tell you? If Alabama is ahead of us, what does that tell you?
We're going to build a $35 billion bullet train that we're landing.
Yeah.
We've got these antiquated boat machines. You want to call these vehicles?
With money that nobody has any idea where it's going to come from, don't forget.
People better fear if George Bush goes into office.
I fear right now. I'm squeezing my passport as hard as I can.
I don't blame you.
Relax, sweetheart. See you on the plane. I'm squeezing it.
This is very big. We've got about 400 of these cartoons, the official Florida presidential ballot.
Follow the URL and touch the appropriate dot. Bush with a straight arrow to the dot.
Then you can't go in the data when each one starts with a squiggly line and they all wind up like a goddamn web.
Like a spider web maze.
Like I said, an maze.
Yeah, they're an maze, but they also work like a goddamn spider web.
I'm a maze just looking at it.
And then they finally do come up pointing at the order.
It's kind of like that thing they do with the pants against.
Like the game on prices right.
You know, when they put the thing under the follow the ball, which show it's a show game.
Which ball is under which shell?
And it's the same thing here. Which one's got the Tony?
Which dot is the one you want to stick it in?
Which hole are you looking to probe?
Four minutes before noon at 560 WQS.
460 WQAF by Amy Fort Lauderdale, a easily broadcast group set ahead.
W2AM dot com.
Or the world.
It's Friday, you first.
Dude, I can really go for some popcorn right now.
But I'm not going to need a microwave.
You don't need to be.
Sure I do.
Oh my goodness, pop it.
Here, I'll show you.
Have a seat.
Now slide this right under you.
Hey, whoa, watch it there.
Now, hold real still.
Think nice thoughts.
And in five minutes you'll have pop and fresh tiny corn.
Tiny corn?
Yes, great.
Tiny corn pops up fresh with the warmth of your very own ass.
Whoa, whoa, hey, that's really weird.
Yeah, never mind that.
Let go.
Unless you like this one.
Sit still in the hold tight.
Sit at one.
Sit at one.
I'm going to pop it here.
I'll pop it.
Tiny corn.
Quick.
Easy and light from your own ass.
What I'm thinking about that corn, huh?
Comes out to say where it goes in.
Probably one at 560 WQAF.
And look at that.
The market is taking a big one.
Five.
They're not too happy now.
They want that declaration.
They want this to be handed over to them on a platter.
Put the crown on there.
Put it on George E. Shed.
Let them start talking with a list.
James Baker is having a press conference come up in a couple of minutes.
He's going to probably blame the old Jews.
The virulently anti-Semitic James Baker.
Good close personal buddy of the Bush clan.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
This whole fire reminds me of a call from Joe Stalin, a good dictator friend.
He said it's not important who votes.
It's important who counts the votes.
Right.
And I think that's what's happening here.
Anyway, can we switch a little bit to the brother's Murray?
Yeah.
What do you think the chances of them getting a gallery brewery for Neumir?
Well, the rumor is they want Neumir and Worel for a gallery brewery.
I would do it in five seconds.
The guilty asked me that in the tea room this morning.
I said, you bet I'd do it.
More than seconds.
And also, Derek Morris is holding out.
They might be able to get him.
Right.
He's pretty exciting.
Take him right now.
Okay.
Take me.
I'll keep it up.
Okay.
Thanks.
We love the panthers.
They lose a lot.
If you want to go to our neo-wages.com not just to vote in our poll, but Eric has got the photo voting statutes being the brilliant man that he is.
He's got it all on there.
Index to voting statutes.
Voting machine ballots, requirements for voting machines.
Voting by electronics or a lecture on mechanical method procedures.
Valor requirements voting by paper.
Valor, they're all on there.
You can read them for yourself.
And then our poll, mounted to Florida, recounted, finished with Al Gore, conceded the feat.
We have 271 votes so far.
186, say, know that 68.6%.
85, say yes, 31.2%.
With a margin of 327 votes and the overseas ballots still not even counted yet.
Not even arrived yet.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, David.
Yes, sir.
My coworker, she's talking just out of data.
She wants to vote without a color.
Without a vote of Asian color and any ID.
And I say, are you serious?
Yeah.
You just walked in and showed up.
Yeah.
She said she showed up.
They give her a pencil.
Say, go ahead, it's not here.
And who you voted for by the way.
She said, that's not your business or a vote for.
Yeah.
I said, oh my god.
They said, who you voted for by the way?
Yeah.
Yeah, I actually knew she voted for.
Yeah.
So what do you mean?
Who is that is?
And how are Leo?
They should, everyone in how they should vote somewhere with a cop there.
Because I mean, they're all about scandals.
Yeah.
I mean, these guys in how they are like, they're going to election or they're voting for the governor or the president.
They want to cheat.
I mean, they're going to cheat.
Oh, not in Dave Caldyshire.
Oh, you're going to vote.
Yeah, Dave Caldyshire.
Yeah, she said, she would have known she would have vote twice.
Once for her, once for their grandfather.
There you go.
Now, she's wearing.
Now, she's catching on.
You know, I mean, I mean, these, these, these, these, these, who knows over here highly, if you're only business, you let them run.
They put you, they bankrupt you.
There is a, you let them for president.
They, they, they, they elect their own people.
You know, they vote five, six, seven times.
You know, they didn't vote at all.
Okay, Miguel, say like Jessie says, stay out of the bushes.
Stay out of highly.
I, you know, I got my chance off.
Because I'm cutting all those bushes down.
Okay, get busy.
Okay.
I got a real surprise.
I got my own ace up the sleeve.
I got an ace in the hole.
Because I'm going to be going out of the country.
I'm going on vacation very soon in just a few days here.
And I might just be abroad.
No, I don't mean that.
But I might just be overseas.
And you know what?
You can send those ballots in by FedEx, all bet.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to, I'm going to find me about 2000 ballots.
2000 Florida ballots.
And what I'm going to do is just pop them all in my pocket.
I'll put them in my little bag.
And then I'll mail them all in FedEx with 2000 different names.
How does that sound?
I don't ever know.
And then of course we got those 72 million Jews.
And as you all hear, James Baker, he's not too happy about the Jews.
Overseeing that recount, the Democrats.
At the end of this recount, Governor Bush is still the winner.
Subject only to counting the overseas ballots,
which traditionally have favored the Republican candidate.
Yeah, traditionally.
No, but what the stupid way, either in the original vote or in the recount, has been presented.
Now, the Gore campaign is calling for yet another recount.
In selective and predominantly Democratic counties,
where there were large unexplained vote swings in their favor in the recount.
On its plane, it appears that the Gore campaign is attempting to unduly prolong
the country's national presidential election through endless challenges to the results of the vote.
This is unbelievable.
Here in Florida.
This is like hundreds of years ago.
Furthermore, the more often ballots are called,
especially by hands, the more likely it is the human errors,
like lost ballots and other risks,
because there will be interviews.
This frustrates the very reason why we have moved from hand counting to machine counting.
Can't hand you out?
Is that what you're getting at?
Let me say a word specifically about the Palm Beach ballot.
About those Jews down there.
There's a rule of law.
To be followed in all elections.
The state of Florida has established legal procedures to design, approve, publish,
and if need be to protest ballots before the election.
The ballot was designed by a Democratic elections supervisor.
Well, that makes it legal, I guess.
She approved it.
The Democratic Party did not question it before the election.
This butterfly-type ballot was used in recent elections in the same county
and under the same rules, and again, the Democrats did not complain.
The overwhelming majority of voters who used the ballot in disillation
understood it and they cast valid votes.
Our lawyers have confirmed the legality of this ballot.
We have withers here today relevant copies of the relevant Florida statutes
if you would like to have.
The Gore campaign has also tried to make a lot of a fact that double-marked ballots are not counted.
A key principle in American elections is one person.
One vote.
If we have ballots with two votes, of course we can't count them.
But I hate to break the news to you James Baker, my anti-Semitic friend.
It says right there in the voter instruction vote all pages.
Vote all pages.
So even though the double puns probably were on the same page,
the fact is that let's say the vote is for Gore or Bush and Buchanan
or anybody on our monitor giving more head, that they were following instructions.
They guess what automatically invalidates the ballot.
So you can try to put whatever spin you want on a my anti-Semitic grays your friend,
but the fact is it ain't going to work.
The process is still going to go through.
But this is their campaign now is to try to talk their way in by 327 votes in the end of the White House.
Very tragic.
9 minutes after noon at 560, nobody can see.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio 560.
It's you, a pan.
This campaign that they're running now, full court press to try to brainwash the public.
I won't put another second of this James Baker thing out.
I was listening to it during the break here.
To try to put the owners to point the finger at the group people.
You know, we've had the first election and now we've had the second recount in Florida
and it was done very openly and transparently and it was honest and fair enough.
And now it's over and out time for them to, you know, not to keep asking for more votes to be counted.
Because they know they've only got 300.
They know they lost.
They know they lost.
They've got 327 that they're hanging on to.
And they know damn well going back to that story about the thousands.
Where's that thing about the manual recount?
In the midst of my 50,000 pages here.
Thousands of under votes are an issue.
And again, the under votes are the ones in which there is a race that is not voted for.
Possibly.
But you know as well as I do that nobody goes into presidential election and doesn't vote for president.
I, it's possible, especially with a scoop or candidates, but it's unlikely.
And the likely thing is here that the actual ballots have to be inspected to see if the chads,
the little paper tab on the back was pushed all the way through and if not, the computer doesn't count them.
That's why there needs to be a manual recount.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
6686 under votes in drought.
10,750 in date.
About 10,000 Palm Beach.
And I'm sure many thousands more around the state.
You see this is a question of getting it right, Mr. Baker.
A question of getting it right.
You can get up there and make your big goddamn speech.
You'll encounter a role of the Kathy Hughes.
You can all get up there and make all the speeches you want.
The fact is that the American public deserves to have the winner being the president for the next four years.
And you lost.
And if they go through this recount and Bush still wins, there is put the crown on.
He's the president.
I have no problem with that if he wins.
Do I think he's going to win?
No.
No.
And that's what they're smitten, bricks, not.
You can come out of his pants right on the floor.
That's really trying to put this big spin that's all they've been doing.
And this show is very clearly.
They don't believe in this business about one man and one vote.
And the power to the people know they believe in power to them.
Hand over the keys, baby.
We're moving in.
They got the moving band just going up Pennsylvania every right now.
That's not even December yet.
Still like three days after the election.
They're already knocking on the door saying, okay, bubble get out of here.
Go play golf.
Because they believe that they have this right given by God, by Jesus.
Whoever they're going to be able to maybe the trial out of a commission gave it to them.
Who knows the bushes.
What's the hurry?
These are the same people that spent 50, 60, 70 million dollars investigating the same things over and over and over again.
White water, penis, skate.
When they started the impeachment hearings at that time, I remember Ken star sitting there and said that they had absolutely no evidence.
He actually made this statement.
They had no evidence of any culpability by the Clintons.
Did that stop them?
No, they spent millions more of your tax dollars.
It went on and on because they were held bent to get Clinton no matter how long it took.
There was no hurry.
Even though they created a constitutional crisis and put this country through a goddamn impeachment proceeding.
For only the second time in its history.
So in that case, there was no urgency whatsoever.
And he's even sitting here admitting he's standing there, humping there, whatever he's doing.
Admitting that we have to wait till the overseas ballots come in.
Well, the deadline for that is next Friday, November 17th.
Which gives us seven days.
And in the meantime, if we discover that there have been errors on these ballots, then for God's sake, if there is only a margin of 327, let's find out.
Let's get a fair count.
And if there was some hanky, thank you and Palm Beach with a change in the recount, then let's find out too if it goes in the other direction.
That's where the Republicans are claiming that on the first count it was only six, then it wound up being 600.
Well, let's find out about that.
But they're putting the full court press on to bring this to a conclusion right now.
It is absolutely unacceptable.
And I've taken it to people I'm really embarrassed for.
They had a couple of men with their town hall meeting yesterday.
I've had a couple of calls like this these last couple of days.
And I can see it in the vote here on our pool.
Are the Democrats, the gross supporters who are saying, oh yeah, whether they'll make you look better, it'll be good for the country.
No, it will not be good for the country.
It will not be good for your children, for your grandchildren, for women, for minorities, for anybody else.
To let these people steal a presidential election away.
If that's what the kind of a wimp you are, I don't want to even waste my time with it.
I mean, here it is. It's like having a goddamn, it's like having a, I'll hold up in your house in the middle of broad daylight.
And you got blinders on it pretend you can't see it.
It's a little better if I just fucking steal my stuff.
Yeah, there you go. I didn't know nothing.
And they're talking about the poor people.
And let me say it again, the people who are firing the lawsuits are voters in Palm Beach County.
They're the ones who are filing complaints because they want their vote counted.
So again, if the Bush people really believe in the power of the people, all is crappy kept repeating these tight cliches.
The bait after the baits campaign pitstop after pitstop about power to the people that how about letting the people make sure that their vote counts.
And the reason you don't want to make sure that is because you know, and the Republican lawyer said yesterday, I'll say it again, they know if there's another election in Palm Beach County,
that girl will be the next president. They know that because they know that the majority of people in the state of Florida went to the polls on Tuesday wanting to vote for our goal.
Period.
And just because you stand there and give us a song of the dance that it's illegal ballots, can I say to you, Bill Krat?
Okay, that's what I said to you.
Bill Shit, that's what I say.
There is no chance in hell that that's illegal ballot.
And I don't care how many judges come out. You don't have to be so not to be a lawyer.
But I'm second tired of lawyers. He just looked at what it says there.
Even the instructions are wrong.
Not to mention the fact that Gore's hole is supposed to be right under the Bush hole and it's said it's on the third hole.
They don't want the process to be done right. They don't give a crap about the people getting a chance to vote.
They want it. And we're supposed to hand it over to them.
Here's a call from Naples. Hello?
Yeah, I'm Neil. Keep up the good work, buddy.
Listen, Neil, over here that there's a lot of complaints about lawyers getting involved in this thing.
But I wanted to mention perhaps you heard that the election, including Russell Inbaugh, show the Monday before the election,
he was saying the Bush campaign had contingencies to challenge if they won the popular vote in last year electoral votes.
So they were perfectly willing to get the latest process.
No, this whole thing about it the way in the 19th generation is absolutely ridiculous.
And guess what? Go on the popular vote and they didn't. How do you like that? What's the price?
It was a switch. All right, Neil, keep it up.
Thanks for the good news. Yeah, it's okay for them. Like I said, with penis, gate and white water and travel gate and all these other investigations,
they had more goddamn investigations that were spending more of your tax dollars than you can check your thing at.
And it was only just a few weeks ago, since they finally came out with stuff right before interestingly enough.
Right before the New York senatorial race, there were hoping against hope to come up with something against Hillary.
Couldn't find it. Couldn't find anything to the level that raised the level of criminal act in white water.
But they sure gave it their best shot for years. Not for a few days like people who asked him what the election was going to write for years.
Who the hell are they kidding? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. The message you showed for a while. My name is Wade.
I really appreciate it. So like yours. I just have a hockey question for you, sir. I didn't hear about the latest truth trade rumor with the panthers.
Yeah. And I want to get you're in put about the ranges of the New York Rangers. My input. Yes, sir.
Who is it? They still playing now. No interest. 5 6705 60 pound 5. That was the phone. I was your sound like a washer's name with this dog racing.
5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on. I am glad he called amazing. The other anyone in the why because I'm going to say something that I was biting my tongue.
I wasn't going to say it, but I'll say it anyway. I mean my car last night about 6 15. I was going to the public to pick up a few things.
And maybe it's only me because I do this for a living and I have to sit and talk about this.
But I think that there are millions of people out there who since the election day, this is all we've been talking about.
Anywhere you go, this is all everybody I've been doing. Talking about. And I'm sitting in my car and I turn on IOD, the news station.
What do they got? They're talking sports. They have their sports cast on. I turn over to I and V. They have Ed by by by till.
Talking about naked people. Some of the usual silly crap there with their fraction audience. I'm flipping around the dial on the AM dial.
There is nobody in this market talking about what everybody wants to talk about.
And Hank Orberg is the only person on this radio station in the sports department who's got enough comments sent in enough brains to understand that because when he was here on Wednesday and he'll be here today from San Diego.
He's out on the west coast of the ball game this weekend.
The only number of comments sent up to realize that this is what people I'm sure he threw a little sports in area took a couple of calls.
But generally speaking, this is what he was talking about.
Who are more in people understand that? No. No. And much to my she green did that. And I like to go.
I'm a big guy, but do you understand that yesterday? Oh, no. It's the college football mentality again. It's only no fun in this town. That's all I can talk about. That's that's core people in their little neural universe. That's all they know.
So bad that this jackass call for this for me call because I'm embarrassed by it. I mean, I really am. I'm really glad you did buy it.
This number time. So I'll yes, sir. Yes, I'm first. I want to tell you I live in Las Vegas for eight years and they have the greatest way that you ever want to vote in your life.
They have voting machines that you can go to early voting two weeks ahead of time. You can hope for two whole weeks in early voting places like things up.
Fashion show more places like that. You can vote for your candidate. There's a precinct worker. I'm going to have a computer.
Out of computer. You've got to absolutely about you cannot vote in a voting machine. You've got to be registered. They check your name that it's on a cycle computer.
And then they give you a card to go to your voting booth. There's a precinct worker in front of each voting booth that helps you into it.
And if you pull a lever for go or that's it. You cannot pull a lever for go or and push or go or be counted.
You've got to go or anybody. If you come out, the precinct worker checks to see if you if you were voted and they and the light goes off.
And that's it. And it's the greatest way I've ever seen the voting in my life. I've worked I've lived there for eight years. I've worked at early voting and the regular voting.
And most of the people are voting now early voting two weeks ahead of time and already early vote. Plus they have mobile units going around to all the places to help people into the booths to help them vote.
Can you imagine if that would have happened here, but then people going to century village and broke a return and all those places with the old people to help them with into these local units.
They never would have voted for all never. You'll never see a wrong vote in us. They get down.
Okay, and don't forget to vote.
Bet the overs 5 6 out of 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'm just getting angry and angry and it's more psychotic.
And they keep pointing the fingers at the other side. The other ones that they're turning this in a way totally partisan pissing contest.
As opposed to just letting the legal machinery go through the judge in Palm Beach is held up. They're certification of ballots until Tuesday.
What's the problem with that? An addition of which they're the ones who requested a recount in Palm Beach County.
Democrats and the Republicans. So I guess maybe they're changed their mind. Maybe they decided, oh, this isn't such a good idea after all because you know what? I think we're going to lose.
Yeah, we'll take a pass on it. Reek out. It's like refusing a penalty. Now we're excited. We don't want to take it after all. Game over.
26th afternoon at 5 60 WDQ AM.
Okay, we got a correct Miguel was very upset that he took it personal what I said about the promotion people. I did not say the nephew.
I mentioned the nephew can use leaving. And I just there to prove the Miguel how much I love him. I said my tongue weight on this throat and he's got a big smile on his face.
Anyway, here's the fact that says heard you say that all votes from the invalid double punch ballots were tossed out that is correct.
Since this year, 22 extends up the areas of Palm Beach County. I'm pretty curious now. How many ballots lies goes in the lame bloom?
Clay Shaw was more tossed out. Most seemingly would have been for bloom. How many of the show went by by 560? How do you like that?
So we're going to put on the guy back in Congress. This old fossil clay shows that there for 500 years were going to put him back.
It looks like based on crap. See, I don't I don't understand why it's so complicated. They want us to vote. They keep tuned the public out for not voting.
They keep be voting the fact that most people have no interest. And then when people do go and vote, you have to go through a big song and then stand on your head to try and make sure that you vote count.
And even when you walk away, you're not sure it did count. There is one of you listening to me right now who can guarantee me that the vote that you cast on to is there, including me, that the vote was counted.
I don't know. I'm hoping, but I don't know.
I ballot and there is a razor and lead by governor for the vice president for and there's only one week left.
Yeah, we know that quite a quick real listing the obvious. Okay, bitch, go back in the suck old days ass. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say they haven't you know you can see that the Bush people are really you know, fascist here because they haven't even done a recount yet what they've done is a recambition.
Okay, the when there's less than one half of one percent left, not only do they recamb this, but they have either party has the right to recount by hand.
Okay, and gore hasn't even asked for the whole state, which he can ask for. He can say I want the whole state all six million votes recounted by hand.
He just asked for certain counties to be recounted and they're complaining about this. It's absolutely a man.
And like I said, they also asked the other day for a recount in Palm Beach County because they said there were regularities and the disparity between the initial numbers and the ones in the first recount.
Right. Well, I think what they wanted was a recambition and they put them all together when the Palm Beach Commission got together the other day.
They said, well, this will help the Bush people too because when gore asked for a recount by hand, they said, well, it'll serve both purposes, but I think they wanted them to be recambitioned by machine again.
Also, I heard Paul Begalla last night say that we don't necessarily need to have a reelection in Palm Beach.
They can judge, can order that officials, valid officials look at the ballots and determine consistency, meaning that if they punched both for gore in Buchanan and voted Democratic the rest of the ticket, it was obvious that they were meaning to vote for gore at Buchanan.
I should point out that when you see where they threw those ballots out, they just qualified them, but of course they still have them law recrurred in the keep all of those ballots.
So they still exist. It's not like you're too much a trash can somewhere we hope, but they still exist, but they just didn't count.
Well, absolutely because they have to count the other races on there too, so they have to keep the ballots.
But I mean, that can happen too. So I'm willing to go with that because if they look at the Buchanan, the people in Century Village who voted for Buchanan.
58 of them. Yeah, and all the double punches, you're going to tell me that most of those people didn't vote straight Democratic ticket come on.
And also the gore people did mention that that's where those votes were coming from, that they were coming from mostly Jewish and blacks.
And a lot of other people. They can conveniently left that out. So what they're trying to do again is spin the information and try to make it seem like all Palm Beach, you know, he's really got a big backing there.
And even be a candidate left at that. He said it's a bunch of crap. And he never even showed his face in Palm Beach during the campaign.
Exactly. That's what the Bush people said. They said, well, this there's a big reform movement going on in Palm Beach.
And the Democrats had mentioned that, look, this is coming from predominantly liberal places. And you know, it's absolutely ridiculous.
They're fascists and they don't want you to vote because Republicans like low turnouts in the vote.
And you know, everything they do just proves their fascist nature. You know what I'm saying?
And they got really indignant when when when grill was talking over the last week in the campaign about reconstruction and about the three black people being three fifths of one vote.
And they were talking about the difference between wouldn't evil and the black churches and that prayer buff is. But the fact is, who's who's got the last laugh about that right now with all the black voters that they try to turn away and deny their vote on the Tuesday?
Amen. And you know who those black voters turned out to vote against, don't you? It was Jeb. And I think that he was ready for it. And he knew that they were coming because of all that affirmative action crap that happened a couple of months ago.
They all came out in droz and I think that's why we saw what we saw. And now he's history, man, because he's dead made.
Yeah, he's not going to be able to do that the next time around because they'll be ready for it the next time around. And he's gone. And we're going to drag him out by the scrotum across the state line.
All right. All right. I'll help you. Bye. Bye. Take him up to Georgia. He fit in there like a rubber glove. I don't think they'd let him in. Now you know something. I'm not a rocket scientist, but I've already got 99 of the 327 votes back.
13 in movie or a beach, all black 13 black votes 58 in cemetery, a century village. That's 81 and away them. Maybe my math is wrong.
Well, that's 71. No, my math is right. And 28. That's 99 in this in the precinct 171A Jews. See, I had to back to Lucy. There were Jews didn't vote for Papi Canon. There were some Jews voted for Bush. I don't want to mention any names. There were some Jews for Bush, but Jews didn't vote for Papi Canon. Even it's horses. Okay.
And any judge who would look at that would see the irregularity and see that those the intent of those voters was to vote for our door. So there's 99 without even trying. I'm just sitting here on my ass.
And the 327 now is down to 228.
227. And if you're going to look, that's what it says on the message. No, I said the 320 opens on to 228 because I got 9.9.
I'm distracted by the 260, which is the total out of the van. Oh, we got 260. It's a van. Joe Costellers. It's a QM van. Noon to two from now to two. So forget the exciting. That's far away. Similarly, later at the 6th,
or station on the southbound side of the turn plaque. Adelante, the hard part of each with the best in the LCD. He's going to have to change in T-shirts.
And Miguel was very wounded. Starts with her. You could spend better. I Christian and made it feel much better.
Yeah, that's what he wanted. He wanted somebody to make nice to him and I made nice.
22 before one. Why do I keep saying that? I don't know because I'm just losing it. There's Karl Weitzler. I mean, Rubber Weitzler.
Now, the 167 counties on election day use this confusing illegal ballot procedure.
What kind of confusing bet literally that across the country uses without including Chicago.
No, absolutely. They keep saying this. This is full crap. They use a butterfly ballot, but they don't have the candidates for any race on two different pages.
All the candidates for any individual contest are on the same page. God, why doesn't somebody get up there? Who knows what they're talking about?
I mean, I don't know that much, but just sitting here and reading the newspaper and keeping my ears open.
They don't want to go at them to all the days is spin. Just keep spinning it like a draped or a honna cutie. Just keep spinning it.
I shouldn't have said. Honna could get James Baker upset. Cox a hoist, Jimmy. Anti-Semite. Quick.
The Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s. You.
It's Friday. You.
I'll never get these things out of my husband's shorts.
You will now introducing new no-f*** long to detergent with scum guard. Let's face it, human bodily fluids of a toughest stains to remove from valuable under-normance.
Whether it's not the secretions, blood, even see no no-f***ing attacks these tough stains with patented scum guard for a deep down clean.
Try new no-f*** today. If you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back. No-f***ing no-f***ing twist scum guard.
Okay, thank you. 60 to 1 at 560s. I'm so he facts me the statutes, the Florida statutes on which votes are legal and which ones are not coherent.
In other words, the grounds for overturning and changing the result all of that is on our website, NeilWargeers.com.
Because it gets real heavy duty and complicated.
Who are we or find? Our clients are different franchise voters. Right now there are three named clients. There are literally a thousand others who call them.
Now, what do you do? We feed by statute where requires a food that supervise or a license to stand for care for Palm Beach County.
Good, let that bitch have it. Governor Jeb, here's the facts. He's lost the 20,000 plus over and under voter cards in Palm Beach County.
She went out because the punch holes were clogged with citrus canker.
Yeah, that's right. State loss is anything with canker must be destroyed.
So if you got one on your lip, call into the bed till it heals up and the canker too.
56670560, Palm Fox 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. A manual recount is opposed by the Republican Party of Dave County.
See, they asked for Dave Rower, Palm Beach and Veluzra. But the Republican Party of Dave facts the letter late Thursday to David Leahy to county supervisor of elections and says,
there are neither facts or proof presented sufficient to show an error in the initial vote tabulation or in the recompetit effect the outcome of the election local chairman Mary Ellen Miller wrote.
Probably favorable. Catch all those dead voters again. The three members of the canvassing board will meet Tuesday morning to consider the request Leahy and two county court judges, Lawrence D. King and Miriam Lear are on the board.
Leahy said the manual recount if granted could turn up additional votes for any of the presidential candidates, the 10,750 balancing question may be too under votes, but they also may be hanging chads.
Leahy said, I did nothing worse than having hang and chat. It's like popping up a bad road. I got hanging chads. God, and they it's like hell.
During a manual be kind of election workers would inspect the ballots and look for any kind of marker indentation on the ballot. He said any suspect balance to be sure to the canvassing board.
The canvassing board would determine by law whether it is a vote or not. He said if the chat is truly hanging, there is no question. Certainly that is a vote. It is where there might be a little indentation, but no separation. Those are the tough ones to figure out.
And all this crap about well, what's good for the country, what's good for the country is that we have a fair election and that everybody gets the ultimate opportunity to have their vote count.
That's what's fair and that the person who really won the election should be declared the winner. That's what's fair and there's bond is rushed. This campaign they got going on now is enough to make you a puked.
Oh yeah, we know it's the former chairman of the R&T, the Republican National Council. It's on the line again about the Chicago Butterfly ballot. Why are liar?
It's on fire. It is not the same. They keep using the same old arguments that we just credited like 24 hours ago because they got nothing else.
Just like Carl Rolf trying to give us a song and an answer about the Jews and the blacks and how much they love Pat Buchanan and Palm Beach County.
This is a mobile and Margate. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I think we got this time. Voter games. Yeah, voter. Good. So real friends.
You know, they do see polls. Everybody's down in ABC because they get that early. But how about full second that those are an extra poll right? They kept on people leaving thinking they voters for more right.
What is their vote? Well, this tells you why every single one of the networks had the exit polling sure they'd go with the way in the head.
In fact, I'm very specifically on the NBC. They said well, there's a reason we had to change our project is because of irregularities in the county precincts.
Yeah. So they had to make a change. Well, it takes a lot longer for those dead people to vote. So they don't start to move. Yeah, there's slow under pondress.
And when you scream at him to hurry up and they don't pay too much attention, they'll respond to good. They're a little stiff. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 50 on the AT&T and for rise of wireless line, mobile and Delray B.
Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm OK. One time. So that called you by listening to the soft and I can OK. I just want to point out that most of the Republican spending clothing games Baker say that Theresa before our supervisor elections is a Democrat. Yeah, the only reason she's a Democrat is because she decided to run County. Why she was a Republican before that and she would be Republican before that she was a Republican.
Yes. Yeah. Well, you know, I'll look into it. And another thing, it pushed us by themselves into this thing. You know, about the only you got to pass the gas because a lot of trouble. Yeah. OK. OK. Yeah. He's going to be up against it. Man, can you imagine stealing the election by 327 votes and then going in there? Oh, we got a mandate. Yeah, you've got a mandate. I don't wish him on us, but I almost wish.
I wish it on him because he's already bewildered and befuddled. He hasn't got a freaking clue. The only problem is you already see the package of fascists that like James Baker, all these that go along with it, parts of package deal.
Then I think I'll take a pass on that if we can. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. Like you said, I'm in both return because of the disability.
I was specifically able to go to the poll, but I voted at some key ballots. Right. I just everything they asked me to do absolutely correctly. I said every little tab off the back. I put it in the appropriate envelope.
In the low. I'm not ever seen them in the county. I still see election commissions office three times yesterday. They assured me not only was my vote not received, but not counted.
She was very flippant about this, by the way. Oh, well, got lost in the mail. I've never had a bill to a phone company or cable company not to deliver.
The government ballot to elect the president just disappears. I can't. I was excited to have gotten my vote. And I caught people today and said, one vote for Gore.
And I'm a nursing physician. I'm a bit. I want my vote counted. If Bush is vote with a candidate, I would he feel he'd case someone off to have a vote.
I talked about this today, but there were allegations that was in Pensacola that there were personal employees who intercepted a whole bunch of absentee ballots. And we never really heard what the allegations were, which way it goes, but they're looking into fraud up there in Pensacola with absentee ballots.
So when you're doing what the post office is kind of like the intermediary, who knows where your ballot wound up?
It's a fraudulent. This is discrimination against. I'm disabled. I can't get in there to vote. I want my vote to be counted. I want this remedy. This is inexcusable.
Where am I right to the American? Good luck, sweetheart. Thanks.
Okay. How do you like that? Thousands and thousands and thousands of people, blacks, handicapped, just ordinary run of the middle, goi and hurried hell they were.
I'm just reading. I'm reading stuff. Here's a website that has a list of places nationwide who are holding pro-democracy protests at one o'clock tomorrow.
Now that we have the holiday weekend here, GWBush.com has a list of those places. Also in the opening article on it, there's a link.
It says Bush is quoted saying almost nobody voted for me, but I still won. Yeah, he's still one because the fix was in beforehand ahead of time.
Not only that, but it's rather told him that he won. That must have made it so. Did I make it sound nice? Yeah, it's rather told him that he won.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I just want you to be aware that I believe that Katharine Harris and Jeff Bush are a little bit more than working associates. Really?
Yeah. Why is that? Let's just say I know. Okay. And let me point out to you that as about a half hour goes the last time that they had the report from her up there in telehancey, they're still saying they still say they only have 65 out of the 67 counties because they haven't only been out counting panelists, where there was like a 481 vote swing.
And I still think the margin is 724 or 7 something and early under networks have got all 67 counties when I got up this morning, they had a lot kind of at 327, which everybody knows.
But for some reason, they continue trying to use those numbers as a part of those big push to brainwash the public.
Let me tell you something. The public is not brainwash. The public knows what's going on. And if they don't do a reboot in this state, you are going to see protesting.
But you have never seen in the history. And in this governor, he better they're going to ride him out of telehancey on a rail. You talk about a recall campaign. He better get on his high horse and head west or south.
You bet. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. I'll bring the tar if you bring the feathers.
Yeah, I mean, it's so blatant that they've got somebody up there in telehancey who is doing this in a biased way, reporting the numbers in a bias way.
And thank goodness for associating the press. This is one time we can thank the media because they're giving us the numbers during this pissing contest. This you can be first.
And of course, Fox, even with their ultra-right wing numbers, they've been doing the same thing putting up whatever numbers they like. But then they finally had to come around with the same ones as everybody else 327.
And that's why yesterday when I'm watching her press conference, I wonder what does she get to 1784? That's the same number that we had before the recount started.
And the response was well, just a coincidence. It's not like it was. They hadn't changed it. They're leaving up the big the bigger number as big as they can because their plan is little slight game with the public.
We'll see if nobody is close as they're saying and let's just get it over with.
I mean, this is like Jesse James committing a bank robbery right on television, right in the middle of it with the watch is named John Wall standing on a street corner.
There's no better way to describe it. They're trying to steal. I mean, we talk about banana republic about countries where they have all these elections.
So like Haiti and everywhere else. Third world countries right now we're like a 10th world country. And I guess what the nearly 50 million people in this country who voted against George W. Bush aren't going to sit back and put up with this crap.
And I can't guarantee a lot of the people who voted for Bush. They want to see him win this way. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making it.
Thanks for making it. I just wanted to touch on a subject here real quick. You started to talk about a little bit about the role of the American voters right now.
I want the Republicans really just to stop for a minute and think about what they're doing.
But more importantly, I want to take a second to apologize to the people of what's on for what they're going through right now.
I'm from up north and I've got people calling me all the time. What's wrong with those crazy idiots down in West Palm? Listen, these aren't crazy idiots down in West Palm.
Everybody has the right to get out there and vote. And I want you guys to think about what you're compassionate, conservative, George Bush you're doing.
How compassionate is it by making people feel stupid when they go in there to the voting box?
You know, you've got to think about it. But the problem is that exactly what the Republicans want. They want low voter turnout.
So if there's an doubt about it, people should think about when you're back in high school or when you're back in grade school and you're going to go to the black board and do a problem that you don't know how to feel.
And you feel stupid. What do you do? You hide, you don't go up there. That's exactly what they're playing on right now is that these people next time they're not going to go, nobody wants to feel stupid.
And there shouldn't be a chance that you're feeling stupid when you're doing and doing something so important as voting for the leader of your country.
Does that keep telling us that we ought to be doing exactly exactly.
And another real real quick point.
Okay, is I can't believe that people really haven't come out with this statement is that it seems like there are Republicans are saying since there's no easy remedy for this problem, indeed there is a problem.
And either wasn't the state then what's just my hands over my life turned back the other way and go.
This is a key. Well, I think the answer is no, I have a great thing. We're not going to do it.
1257 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Fort radio 560 WQAM by heavy fort Lauderdale of Beasley Broadcast Group Station Hand WQAM.com with a word.
Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours.
This is great. It's a very disfreshment. This is in Bobway lectures, US on democracy.
In Bobway has mocked the confusion surrounding the US presidential election result offered to intervene to help break the deadlock.
Information Minister Jonathan Boyo told BBC Radio 4 on Friday morning that the standoff over the Florida vote and highlighted serious and fundamental problems in the US over and how to run free and fair elections.
Maybe Africans and others should send observers to help Americans deal with their democracy, and Bobway's polls in June were condemned as swab by international observers who cited violence and intimidation before and after the election.
Here's the facts that will, you know, I mean, just a fact for anybody can make stuff up that I'm just reading it for what it's worth.
It says, I know firsthand of a full locked ballot box in the library building of North Miami Elementary School. There's a precinct that is predominantly black.
My wife, I teach you so out there last evening at 5 p.m. I thought you should know. Library of the North Miami Elementary School allegedly a full locked full ballot box.
I've actually got more than 227 votes than it really exists.
Uh-huh.
Now, why are there such a bombswars? Why don't there such a hoon?
If I was encountered, Macrily observed.
In case you hear other numbers elsewhere, we should remind you CNN is using both counts compiled by the associated press in individual Florida counties on occasion numbers released by state officials in fallacy will differ.
Yeah, the different because they're holding them back because they want to make them a, they're never aware that they're always higher.
You know what that means?
I'm in part of that psychological warfare game that they're playing right now. The brainwashing of the public.
Oh, you see, it's not really just 300 and some. It's 700 and some. Wow, I'm impressed.
You're, you're, you're, they're digging their own grave the way that they're doing this. They're, they're so transparent and so obvious.
God, here's a column from the New York Times and guess who wrote it? Adam Climent. I remember, you know who Adam Climbers?
Let's remember when George W. was up there on the stage, I think it was in Wisconsin.
And they were looking out in the audience him and Cheney. Do you remember his mic was over? Oh, when you asked him, there's Adam Climent with the New York Times.
He's a real big league asshole. Oh, yeah, for sure.
Major league asshole. Well, he likes a calm today that says president could be picked without Florida.
December 18th, the day the presidential electors are to meet in 50 state capitals and the district of Columbia.
They produce a political crisis if Florida's 25 votes are still on this few, but the crisis will not be constitutional scholars say.
For the constitution enables the president to be chosen even if a big state like Florida does not vote.
Some commentators have suggested that the election will be thrown at the Republican control house representatives if neither go or Bush gets a majority of the 538 electors for whom Americans voted on Tuesday.
But the constitution requires only that a winning candidate have the vote of a majority of the whole number of electors appointed.
If Florida's votes are not resolved by then or if a legally restraining order bars governor Jeb Bush from fighting a certificate listing Florida's electors,
then Mr. Gore has enough votes from the other states to reach a majority of the 513 electors actually appointed.
In either of those cases or if either Mr. Gore or Mr. Bush gets Florida's votes, the House of Representatives would have no role in choosing a president other than participate in January 6th year of voting or counting of the votes in a joint session with the Senate.
The time gaps between actual voting, electoral college meetings, congressional certification of votes, and actual inauguration were dictated by bad roads and the era when it took President John Adam 17 days to get to the White House from party.
In fact, the four months provided in the coach air over shortened to 1934 the railroad era, but only to 10 weeks.
In auguration, they was moved up from March 4th to January 20th to reduce the hardly eliminate the lame duck period in which the administration either ending voluntarily rejected by voters continued in power.
How do you like that?
So if Florida gets tossed out by a judge and they rule that the election here was unconstitutional, that gets it down to 513, which means 250, 256 would be half.
He's already got 260 and Oregon would be 267.
And even if they should, like Iowa 7 that still makes it 260, yeah.
Or even like, you can put a combination of a couple of them and they're still not, they're still 11 in the air.
So, okay, where are we going?
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Hello, New York.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to line and Mark Keychain.
All right.
Maybe with all this information coming out now, you can get another Keychain out there.
I want to talk about the big lies for bringing up that business of WCan in 1996.
You know, if this thing goes to court, all you really need is that chart to show that little spike.
Right.
That will do it.
Now, I think Gour really blew it during the campaign by not responding to these big lies for Republicans to put out.
I agree.
I mean, you know, when Bush can get up there and in debates, and constantly say that Gour claims he invented the Internet and calculated,
and all of these, I wouldn't say they're so vulnerable, but they're de facto calling him a liar to his face.
And it went on and on and on, and he never responded.
Now, James Carville had been there in the beginning.
And that's his mistake not getting a dog that would really come out there and bite.
That would have never been there.
He could not use those terms during the debate.
And he couldn't have planted those lies which were over and over again, which we know where that was protected, right?
Telling the big lies.
But a little lab of you here, they don't take this really seriously.
I was watching the ceremony in the White House, you know, the president's, and Bush was up speaking.
That's from the president's, Bush.
And it was quarter of a lot of it.
And he claimed that he's going to have to get out there.
He has 11, 15, the flight to Spain.
I'm thinking, hmm, but he's going to leave his wife there.
But maybe he had a bag of ballots to take with him.
Yeah, they're threatening us.
They're fed X-ing them back.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
Yeah.
But Christ, she's only got one.
I don't know. Okay, come down, W.
I mean, majority, whatever your name is, papa.
The presidential historian, a woman, cancelete who has been saying about Kennedy stealing the 1960 election from Nixon because of the voter fraud.
Illinois, she said on the, they showed this morning that presidential historian, lady, whatever name is,
that she read Nixon's memoirs this morning.
Nixon said he didn't contestable because the electoral votes of Illinois would not have won an election, which is correct.
It was Illinois and Texas, as I recall.
You can't inscribe it to a horseman in addition to which course Nixon wouldn't have admitted it in his memoirs, but as they pointed out, his people were stealing votes in Southern Illinois while the daily people were sitting back in the religion saying,
how many of you got, because whatever you got, turn them in and they did.
Okay, we got a few more.
That's how it works.
Which of course, you know, is interesting for history and for debate and arguing in front of games, but has nothing to do with what's going on right now.
Wants an expedition, but thorough conclusion of this process.
All right, Jonathan Carl with the growth campaign today.
Okay, that's what the growth people are saying they want an expedition, but thorough, in other words, get it right.
Eight minutes after one at 560, W. Kim.
Yes, the best of Neil Rogers, 2000, and a fantastic land clearance.
Just good with specs, we've explored near New York, W.A.M. dot com on the net.
The best of Neil, 2000, with great hit, what?
So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose.
That nomin' press, Ray Lodge.
And who could forget the Neil Rogers keychain with great sound effect?
It works for lotion in the basket.
That's the American fucking way.
Those timeless classes, the best of Neil Rogers, 2000, from Sports Radio 560, QA.
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
George Jr. is a pizza sh**.
Hey, the rich oil pack, let them go.
Hey, chunky, let's be fun and do it.
All that can't pay for that.
He's gonna give us breath, about people going hungry.
It's no conclusion with the bags.
We can't find you left.
She is just disappear.
We're looking all over, and it's still right here.
Hey, George Bush Jr.
Where's your left cheek, though?
Are you afraid that you'll find out that you've been so fast?
You were Robert's college kid at Token Party.
And you got things from possession of drugs.
But I'll fix it like you.
You've been higher than just to get the name Jack Flendon and the Big Hedgehog.
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
Yes.
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a p s s s s s s s s .
George Jr. is a pizza sh**.
On top of that!
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
On top of that!
George Bush Jr. is a pizza sh**.
On top of that!
Now he wants some meat for you all of a sudden?
14 to 560 WQM. Here's a fact the world mocks his America's worms from the internet got the quotes from newspapers all over the world.
But here's the one that I find really interesting, Iraq.
We said previously this missed both the American presidential candidates is equally pro-Israeli and hostile to Iraq.
Yesterday took the side of George W. Bush. It said that the lay-in announcing the result was a Jewish plot to control America through Al Gore.
How do you like that? Was that Iraq? That's it? That's it? That's it? That's it? That's it? James Daker. I'm not really sure what the mobile will say.
You see, all you really have to do, I'm sitting here doing the break and I'm thinking to myself, just take a look at how desperate the lies are that are coming from Carl Rove and from the Republicans in general.
They keep repeating this thing about the Chicago butterfly ballot. It's a lie. It's not the same.
Close but not one fairly close but I really all that close and certainly not a match.
And then the lies about the Buchanan vote. See, if you just take numbers, anybody can play games with numbers.
Oh, they got this many back in 1996. Yes, in the Republican primary. Not in the presidential election.
And when you take a look at how many he got in every other county in the state, every other one, bigger county, smaller counties, any county, there was nothing even close to the three.
3400 votes he allegedly got in Palm Beach. Then when he looked specifically where they came from and you listen to the people from the party itself from the reform party saying this man's full of crap.
337 voters registered as members of the reform party in Brown in Palm Beach County. And we're supposed to believe that over 3,000 other people voted for a Nazi like Papu Cannon.
And not only that, but they were mostly blacks and Jews. Is anybody believe that? I don't think so.
So they continue spinning and spinning and lying in line because like I said this on Tuesday, they think that they can talk themselves into winning.
Remember Tuesday night, all night long, they were talking about how confident they were and they were getting ready with the big celebration they were preparing and now they're preparing their transition government.
Not quite so fast. Slow down just a little bit. That's our suggestion to you. Hear your horses slow down just a little bit.
Here's a mobile and cross playing. So I'm doing. I'm doing a new lesson that Iraqis were right on the Jewish guy who did it.
Okay. But listen to your number and the shoe size.
Do you remember a movie that started your close personal friend, OJ Simpson, called Capricorn One?
No. Okay. In this movie, they staged a TV set where they staged a new landing. When in reality, no one had ever left the earth.
No. Oh, this is what's happening now. They are staging what appears, what they want to appear to be a presidential election. When in reality, no one's been elected.
It's all being done on television, just like in that movie. Anyway, the other thing I would like to say is thank you to every stinking one of you later, awful voters.
Yeah. Right. All my words are all 97,000 of you in Palm Beach County, for example. Right. For trying to turn our country into a country like France that has 1726 different parties or Israel, where anytime they need to decide anything is insignificant as who's running for dog catchers.
They have to appeal to every little faction on, factualized political party that has two members in their, in their connectives. If you think it's bad that our politicians have to kiss the ass of the corporations, just wait until we have too many political parties and they have to kiss the ass of these Christian Ayatollas over here.
Okay. Well, I'm on time. Get that passport. Did it? What did I say? 97,000 votes in Palm Beach? 97,000 votes in Florida, 52,000 in Palm Beach.
You see, that's also what they're clapping their pants about. In fact, they had fun with their people. It was on last night almost in tears. Thank well, gee, if they had another relationship, I forget which one it was in the Palm Beach.
We know that those, maybe it was your cannon who all of a sudden was born again, born again fascist, after we got bitched out on Fox.
We know that all those people will come out and vote for Gore. Yeah. Well, that's the way it goes when you try to run a face selection. Sometimes it blows up like in your purse.
I mean, everybody who voted on Tuesday, if they're going to have a revolt in Palm Beach, they should be the ones who come back and vote again for President Oli.
Or of course, I say President Oli, how about the case of the, yeah, I would say also in word that is muted results like Elaine Blooming Clay Shaw.
Here's a lady mobile and hi, Alia. Hello. Yes, hi. Yes, ma'am.
I knew this is such an embarrassment to the Florida, we are just.
Yeah. What just happened about it? Oh, they got her. Oh, she was in high, Alia.
The least were consistent. We're always in down this. If there's any place in this country that's bound to be on the front pages of international newspapers, take it from me.
This is the place. Let's see 110, 218,600 in the popular vote. All I talk about how well we have all these two and a half million votes in the, it's still 218,500 that goes ahead in the popular vote.
Now, what the hell was this? It's Al Doors biggest talking point that Joe Lieberman and I were. What the hell was that that they just showed up there?
With 56 out of 67 counties and it said, well, what the hell was that? Wait, let me let me go to a real network. Just one moment please.
I can't believe what I just saw there on CNN that has to be mistakes.
I was passing the county goal one that won 39,000 votes. The computer recounts your goal gained 62 votes and bush gained 36 votes.
Rowered county 588,000 votes.
Yes, they picked up one. 149,000 votes, but they're looking for a net gain and the recount and they both gained.
Let me ask you what number is Fox again. I guess it's right around here. One moment please.
I can't believe what that number I just saw on CNN. Maybe they decided that the AP number is bogus or that they're not going to go with that.
Let me go back one second please to see if they still have that 700 number on the screen. I don't know. They're all over the place.
Here's a mobile and four-bottomedale. Hello. Hey, you're in the L. Okay. I got a couple things.
First thing is if you saw a bushing, it started celebrating in poppers versus red them. Yeah. And the green on each food, like, oh, don't forget to get my room ready in the white out.
Right. That's a really good thing back in because of the sour group. Twenty-one. Absolutely right. Now try this one out. They took it away. We want it back.
We're convinced that the whole thing is about keeping Quinn in the right house. Could have they dried out one enough. They keep this to build in there without Hillary and it becomes a big,
special pack for all these guys on Capitol Hill. All right. I'm going to be. I can't get any say to be right over.
520 521. That's the number they have at the end. Oh, there's not so many numbers. We got Jesus Christ 520. What the hell did that number go?
We got 520 bucks. That's pretty weak. But again, that's because they keep doing these things. But that's the other nephew. Magostas, you got nothing to do with that.
It's the way to the nephew's gone. We'll get this done right. Look for Joe Costello and the QM Vance of Madole 2 and other 38 minutes.
At the sit-course station at the Pomato Beach Service Center on the southbound turn pocket landing hold-up art with our best of the LCDs.
Because that's key chains and t-shirts for plan parenthood. We had 46,430 bucks for either today. Better get that to anything going. Get that baby in gear, man.
Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Yeah, sir. Have you actually seen the official now back to 327? I'm sorry. Go ahead. You actually seen the official sample battle from Pandys.
Sure. I haven't written my hand. Well, you see under voting instructions. Under voting instructions. The book was yeah. I have that here too.
There's number four vote all pages. Right. I mentioned that. That's in it. And if you vote all pages that would disqualify your ballot immediately.
That's because the second one is way in the clear. Right. It's in the legal balance. You're right. I've pointed that out earlier today.
Okay. It's clearly blatantly illegal. Right. Thanks. See vote all pages. You can't vote page one and page two. Can't do it.
Because that's the same way. So this is why this. I mean, they keep pretending that they don't understand the difference.
The presidential candidate. She said, I made the name. So the old people will be able to see it. Or crap.
They all have to be on the same page. Sweetheart. They were on the same page in my ballot in Broward County. They were on the same page.
And everybody else is valid. The other 60 five counties besides Broward and probably to the state.
They're on the same page in California with a banjo underneath Alabama. They were on the same page.
You got two four five six seven eight nine ten names there. No problem. Same page.
With one dot next to each name. That's the way it works. Very simple. One dot. Not the little dots stuck at the middle between one and three. No way.
Sorry, but wrong. Wrong. Unacceptable.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, you know, I think that not only was the ballot in Palm Beach County illegal, but the entire Florida vote was illegal.
And has been for years. I'll tell you why. Okay. In Florida statues. You can look it up. Section 9. 101.28.
States that the minimum requirements for a voting machine is that a voter can vote for only as many candidates for office as he is entitled to. And no more.
This has been on the book since at least 1995. Every voting machine in Miami is not in compliance with that law. And the basically the election department of state of Florida has been screwing it to the voters here since at least 1995.
And I don't know why nobody's done anything about it. Providence. They're dumb. Well, the fact that we heard that 50,000 ballots were put on in Broward in Palm Beach County in 1996.
It's just testament to the fact that this has been going on for a long time. Absolutely.
And it's okay. Thanks. You can look it up right on our website. 101.28. Requirements for a voting machine. All those Florida statues, voting statues are on there. Good job there, I can usual.
You want to just calm and you can be there for yourself. What he just started talking about.
This state can't do anything right. There is nothing we can do right. We have dead people who vote. We have elections. If you're in favor of it, vote no. If you're against it, vote yes.
Everything that's done here is to confound and confuse the voter. And I'm going to say it again. This is the most important thing of all. And I told you this before the election.
All of us talk about embarrassing the people and you got to get out and vote and participate. And it's so, you know, the country is embarrassed by the little voter turnout. They don't want you to come out, especially the Republicans.
Because if we have a big voter turnout, it means minorities came out. A lot of women came out. It means people who are more likely to vote against them are going to come out.
We have an a leader's government. Government buy the very few of the very many. That's the way it works here. Not for the people or other people. That's a lot of bullcrap. Sounds great.
We're just or more enduring than ours. I hope that our friends in the Bush campaign will join us in our efforts to get the fairs and most accurate vote count here in Florida.
No, respect for democratic principles. And for the fundamental precept of our constitution that the people should decide requires no less.
No, I think as we move forward, it is implicit for all of us and all those concerned that we carefully measure all of our words recognizing the high stakes involved in these deliberations.
Secretary Christopher and I would be happy now to answer a few of your questions. Okay, William Dela campaign chairman 127 at 5C. Come on, get some dead people from Chicago. They'll bring a line down here.
This is 560 UAS from a Neil Rogers show sports radio 560s. You have hands. I'm dying on the web. Coming to the new. The legend of beggars and.
I want to say for you hit that high for a flashback. You're good. That David as you've never seen before and will Smith in his most heartwarming role ever.
Well, you did enough with those can go on top of those tomatoes. The legend of beggars and coming to a supermarket.
It's made up on 11.
1.31 at 560 WDQ and we got Hank coming along at 2 from Sandy. We're ready for a football after this weekend. They want that show with the mad dog 5 o'clock.
Jody on game night from the high rock cafe at 6. The Calgary flames. You're the face of bad. There's we finally found a team that maybe we can do. You think? Well, maybe 7 o'clock that I pregame 7.30 game time and then the 80 K after the game with the old one. There's only a balance.
Here's a lady mobile and cross bring so I'm. You're okay. It's about I'm from Chicago originally and I grew up in the daily era. So I was never old enough to vote when I was there.
I can remember the big the big voting machines. Mom always took me I was a school holiday. I remember all that. That's what they need. We need a national holiday for Lexington.
The other thing is the car earlier about when Lincoln is the lot was on with Larry King. Yeah, well the opposing view point was Robert Lexler and that's who brought up the you know we're not in Cuba here.
You know Lincoln. The other thing what's for pointed out is the Republicans are throwing around that figure that 14 15 thousand dollars and 96 that were thrown out.
Lex said it is not that high. They are misrepresenting the facts. The facts are told me something like 7000 that were thrown out for over punching not 14 or 15 thousand.
Right. And the other I just thought it was really kind of interesting because we also pointed out here's a thrown out that Chicago ballot in our in daily space and in death.
And both of them never used for presidential elections. It is only for judicial elections only in every and even when they do that they have each race on a separate page.
Right. And I mean he sat there and he specifically said they keep saying this thing in court county. It is basically he said it's pop.
But they're not showing how weak their argument is. I mean they keep repeating the same wise over and over again just like the business about Buchanan and how you know it's great support he's gotten published.
I've got pages here stuff from the Buchanan people from the reform party people saying that it's a pilot crap that he has no support in Palm Beach.
I know and I can't understand is was there any decision today. I mean I thought the recount was definite by hand here in ground and down in day.
But it has been okay yet. No. No. It's still haven't been okay. You're talking about the Palm Beach folks. Well no I know I know they're going to recount one percent you know the one percent in Palm Beach and in to know it.
But I guess the paper was saying this morning that Miami-Dade and Broward had not agreed to the one percent recount by hand yet. Now is that still on?
No no no no I already read that they're reading in the meeting Tuesday morning to decide whether they're going to go along with their nods.
Oh okay because I hadn't heard if there hadn't been a decision yet and the other thing I need to ask you did the number change did it go up to 500.
No no that was that was CNN school in a while I think they were showing you really have to be careful when you have the audio down because if you just watch the video with something from the past and the yesterday it's 327.
That's complete. There's no more counties to count. Okay and finally the last thing I don't know if you've been listening to anybody else but we listen to you we turn off for an hour and then we go to Randy.
We're one of the probably one of the few people that can pick her up down here. Well let me tell you Randy went in at 307 on election day and started saying I think I voted for Pat you can.
Really? Of all people Randy Rhodes was saying she's like she's freaking she's saying I don't know if I voted for Pat you can't I may have voted for the socialist I don't know I just don't think I voted for Gore.
Oh my god. And she's not over the age of 100 yet. Oh no she's my age but and as soon as she said that her phone started ringing.
She's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she
is asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's
asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking if she's asking
is he wondering all the documents in the標 that he had too many documents in the ѕnt
from comfortably completelyứ
Yuko
facial features
why James Baker and all these other assholes that Kathy Hughes
why do all of them such a big hoary and give them the bum's rush
they don't care about bringing the country together they don't care about
the you know your vote and about the the people power to the people all at
both crept what they want is they want the keys to 1600 principal rainy
avid now given the keys the furniture's on the way the moving vans have been
called they want the keys now of course our answer is oh no they've
invested way too much money to stop now then that's true
that's fine and you can you can just imagine the stuff going on behind the
scenes the oil companies the NRA the tobacco companies the pharmaceutical
companies wall streets in the crapper dowels down 134 plus
ports already today and if they ever flip the damn thing past the time on
there I can turn that as that goes in the crapper too if they ever flip the
damn thing on air got 113 because the big money interest
don't like this it's looking really it's starting to look real bad for them
because their hand pick boy the man is going to help them pollute the
environment and rape the public and continue with those record breaking
profits they're not too happy about the prospect of him not being able to
see those goddamn all right this is 560 Q.A.L. you're
a bastard she won your hide is a miracle worker despite her handicaps she
left behind a life tag of the cheat man and now with the discovery of rare
audio dates found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey death jam lecker
makes available to you Helen killer saves the blue
a series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen killer herself
whaling out of pounded sound
she watered yours happy credit card rate and call 1-800
order now we'll get a bonus of 15 minutes by Marley Nathman and Johnny Ray
144 560 over to Q.A.L. they're talking about the overseas the absentee
balance and of course the Republicans are trying to assume themselves in
rows because past year was this and shows that but of course we never had a
Jewish candidate for vice president before either and they're pointing out
on the democratic side that they made a very intensive lobbying effort to get
the Jews who are living in Israel overseas to mail in their absentee
ballots for go and julieberman and of course James Baker when he heard that
said boy here's a call from Jupiter hello yeah Neil yes sir yeah that whole
Texas crew they really get under my skin from Baker yeah to that cat woman Karen Hughes
to this guy that guy by looking Karen Hughes yeah
Don Evans we're gonna send you back to the farm Don uh huh and then who's the other one
while Rose come on roll who I think I think I'm roving wood sick yeah here's a question for you
where is our attorney general if he's standing on his hands like he usually does
Bobby Butterworth yeah he's the democrat he's a state chairman of the
gold campaign I know he is but the fact is so he you know as much as I can say I'm not
only making excuses for him but he can't go with the overboard here because otherwise
you know it puts him in a position of being too partisan yeah but Neil he can't be
intimidated up there in Tallahassee either I mean if he's sitting up there and then just
even when he was standing next to jett it comes up the jabs are raised so you know he's
easily intimidated well if the number of absentee ballots issued can be counted as you pointed out at
the beginning and I think this thing in Pensacola is huge if he just gets on it if the number they
can be matched up all those ballots those are not secret ballots you should be able to match those
up one to one with a person shouldn't you no you can't no well they are secret ballots but so
when they're taken on one once once they take the uh tear the top off the top part and they put
in the and then you stick your ballot and that's the end they have no idea who voted so he can't
trace if he has dumped a bunch of them in Pensacola but no oh you're talking about that no they can't
do a trace that the absentee but as far as the ones in Palm Beach I mean they can trace the districts
that they came from uh huh because they they know what I mean the precinct that they came from
because they they know what you know which precincts are in the men they keep a record of that
and that's where judge can say well this is obviously inconsistent sure with the voting
pattern these votes were intended for outdoor clearly well like for instance you said that the
the number they mean I mean I you know I haven't said that but a lot of them all have said that
is the same possibility in fact maybe there's a better possibility that happened than they're
being a revoked another election is that the judge would say well based on whatever proportionally
we're going to give so many of these votes to out go because it's obviously what they intend to
that's right but the thing is the number of absentee ballots ballots that are issued to people
they do have to have those lists don't they have the people that were not well if they have a list
of that I'd like to you to tell me how come on election day it went from 250 000 early in the day
to a half a million to nine o'clock at night when they were saying well you know there may be as
many as a million absentee ballots in Florida how could it close on a third of a million to over a
million and nobody has any idea how many there are I don't get that and to that that's where the
fraud is and that's where the trail will lead to if the attorney general does put him in
the new one okay well probably get some skills and get with it so send him out there to still
and get his ass on it would be like an airline selling like six thousand seats for a plane that
whole you know seats to 170 people so they'll do that all right for that again especially a
Merkel West worst here's Miami hello hello yes sir me how are you doing okay me oh can you explain
why 96 percent of the voting people west from these have the both right and only four percent
or a moronic left wing has got it wrong well yeah moronic left wingers there we go that was
very good my holy or friend moronic left wingers got it wrong so I guess the people have voted
for go or neither who got it right they're not moronic only the other ones who got a wrong on
moronic hmm I'm trying to finger that out let me go here's Kendall hello yeah the law says
that both twice your vote is nullified hello I'm listening so what's the point what's the point
of what if your down voter you should not vote uh huh and what about the people whose vote was
invented for girl month of the camp was that I have to do with voting twice I'm talking about
the draw the vote twice yeah well no nineteen thousand you're calling people down it was
nineteen thousand not nineteen hundred I love the people that you can tell in their voice you
listen to them and you can tell what rocket science is there oh yeah you are boom you don't smart
not like Frado yeah he was smart not dumb like everybody said just like you sir 1900 there's
another something on it I think if you look in the mirror it's kind of like you another
hero on your 19 thousand they don't need the 19 thousand I mean they're going to look at that
obviously but there's certainly more than just in the Buchanan vote and the bogus Buchanan vote
the black and Jewish Buchanan vote just and there is enough to get go with the election
and I don't understand why anybody would be so hysterical about a
orderly full recount whoever won let him win how do you mean example if I can find him I probably
won't be able to find my vote down the numbers grow one or a gun by he's ahead I say he won
I head by about sixty two hundred votes and then it was concerning he's head by about five thousand
and an aisle of forty nine hundred out of millions of broadcast and there's no recon going on
there yet but if there needs to be go for it good no matter who you voted for who you'd like to see
when let the person who won the election become the person that makes sense to me the last time I
check my calories do I make sense to me this is five sixty two eight four four four four five
six eight five six eight five eight you've got to have good at the election officials left you
confused here is your guy to understanding how to guess your vote in our beach county Florida follow
along with me to see just how easy it can be let's get started shall we joining me here in the
booth is mr. normal Steve who are you voting for I'll leave them joy see now read the butterfly
ballot starting with push shady in the left column you can't and Chico grew earth hangover iceman
and grubbles in the right where's our ribbon over there this guy from sky yes it's just a guy who
makes mine baby food no now simply punch a hole in the nineteen fifty nine you'd have asked
keep punch guys okay wait over there use this microscope okay is that it no okay I'll punch you again
suggestion oh no that invalidates your vote all right yeah I'll punch you again and I'll punch you
oh I'm not a footmatch why you see
not a ring old hebe remember comrades if you want to live in Florida
head clear size your right to vote in accordance to the little brother
oh one fifty five and five sixty WQA I forgot to mention this today
very embarrassing statistic we're not that we're not already embarrassed enough here in Florida
but even more embarrassing New York State the polls are closed at nine p.m. we closed at seven here
in Florida except in the panel the close of eight but the close most of the state at seven
New York State which has millions and millions and millions of people had every ballot counted
everyone complete tally before one vote was counted in big county
what does that tell you yeah are we at this a little in that for a little bit
something we of course you can see you can't have as much corruption you can't have as many dead
people vote when you do it like real fast and prompt like that but if you when you drag it out
and then you see really what number you have to come up with then it gives you a better opportunity
to call on those dead people make sure they get with it here's a mobile and market hello
Neil God speaking Neil first time long time all right hey last night letterman he had a top 10
how do we like the president list I can do it real quick
hello how much then okay number 10 registered prison inmates to vote number nine have
incumbent president go into churches to ask for votes number eight have a dead senator one for
senator number seven have a senator run for vice president and senator number six give
homeless people cigarettes to get out the vote number number five announce your appalling had a
DWI five days before the vote number four keep polls open three hours longer in the heavily democratic
precinct number three get news media to announce exit polls long before they close number two can't
get the stains out of the other office carpet so leave me and come it in and number one wait till
your candidate loses then complain you couldn't follow an arrow that points to a circle
mm-hmm yeah week really weak do you think glad him into that no no very weak
so the good minute though here's what waterdale hello hey yeah I knew I was wondering if you knew
anything about that CNN sound hall meeting in order tonight I have no idea okay I'm curious
I'm sure in Palm Beach you know they always go to the same decline all right thanks okay yeah how come
we didn't see
