For Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You're talked to Neil called 56670560 toll free for date and browered, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Sometimes I feel myself.
It's you from these discount productions.
Yes, or the two car thieves, be on notice.
You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal with the piercing sound of the all new Macarena Alarm.
Yes, of Macarena Alarm.
Get yours.
Today.
Hey.
Alador.
Alador is never heard or seen before.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations to be by the present.
This is some crowd.
I've been watching you during that Macarena on television.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you the Alador version of the Macarena.
I am not trying to keep it open.
Welcome to Macarena Macarena.
Macarena Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Would you like to see it again?
No.
Macarena Macarena.
Macarena Macarena.
Macarena Macarena.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, Macarena.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit, Macarena.
Macarena Macarena.
Macarena Macarena Macarena Macarena.
Macarena Macarena.
Thanks for having me.
It's 10.03.
5.60 WQAM.
Yeah, it's all over but the show.
And of course, we went through all of this business, which I guess made it a little bit more exciting than otherwise might have been.
As opposed to this coordinating boot and the Gore, which we knew that a long time ago.
And we was going to be boasting Gore.
And we had to go through spending millions and millions and millions of dollars, which is good for the economy.
Well, I better check that because you know who's speaking again this morning that he's an asshole.
Yeah, he's speaking again every day now.
He's got to make another guy day of speech.
Just put him in a closet and dummy him up.
Well, that's not too bad.
That that was only down 10 points and then as they X up 41.
Just checking momentarily.
Because they had him on their again just like a 10 David Promise.
They put him in a box.
The only problem was they forgot to close the lid and he came out again and made another speech today.
He just won't show up this guy then bastard.
Anyway, speaking of a Jewish things, what happened with poem?
We were just talking about that this morning here.
And sometimes I feel like the holidays are passing us by.
Because it just dawned on me in the shower this morning thinking about it.
And generally, poem comes in February.
Like most Jewish women, women, it comes in February.
But anyway, and we get our home in Tosthen here.
And I'm thinking to myself, it's the 8th of March.
His poem already come and gone.
Is that possible?
And unfortunately, our Jewish calendar and it was already torn off the February thing.
So maybe somebody in the audience will know.
Give us the answer immediately if a poem is already come and gone.
And if it has, do you realize how we're fading from existence here?
South balcony, our best friend with sole water left us in the lurch.
Do we have any water?
No.
Tap his dry.
We haven't got a bottle.
We haven't got nothing.
I've got to bring in my own crappy diet soda here with this morning.
Every day now, because South balcony has left us in the lurch with sole water.
Poorm comes and goes.
Does anybody call and offer to set us home in Tosthen?
No.
How much it's already gone.
Here's the mobile and curl springs.
I bet here's a Jew.
Hello.
Here's.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah, they all.
Poorm hasn't come yet.
Oh, it hasn't?
Has not.
When's it coming?
You know, you, you, you sound like my wife.
Yeah, I'm not exactly sure to date my kids.
We send the kids to the temple and we always get, you know, you pay a couple of bucks in advance and they send you some home in Tosthen.
And I haven't sent them and they haven't missed school yet, which is even more important.
There you go.
And it's not for him yet.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
That's really much better.
All right.
Yeah, Zagasant.
Okay, by the way, today is asked Wednesday.
That's why I'm asking it.
I mean, equal time.
I was due to got to have some holidays.
We got Easter come up.
We got pace off the kind of balance it up.
Just like Hanukkah and Christmas.
You got to keep up with a glam, baby.
That's why we made up all these other holidays or is it the other way around which came first.
No, seriously, this poor business is very serious.
It's one of the things I look forward to it's about my only when you're a dietary jual like I am.
When you only think you care about that has to do with Jewishness is the food part and believe me, that's pretty important.
You know what I'm saying?
That's right.
Like cheese blinks is potato lockies.
Oh, good stuff.
Good crap.
You can knock those.
I see the volume on one thing about the Jews.
They know how to cook.
I tell you that.
Now, what do you eat on asked Wednesday?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's right.
Isn't this a fasting day?
Let me see.
Christians and several traditions will observe today as asked Wednesday the start of six weeks of length.
The season is a period of salundity before good Friday.
The traditional observance of Jesus death, which will be observed on April 21st this year.
Seems to me that everything is like pushed back this year.
You know I'm talking about like a little bit.
And behind the time.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is it?
Did you get the date yet for poem?
No.
Okay.
My account is April 21st.
April 20 March 21st.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're right.
March 21st.
Oh, don't do that.
I can't wait that long.
Sorry about that.
So that's only 13 lucky days away.
In the end, we all know who wears number 13.
I forget.
Oh, wait.
Well, that's Danny, right?
We're trying to forget.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, one other thing speaking of sports.
Yes.
I got to mix the feelings, but you made me a hockey fan.
I've never been a sports fan.
But I finally know what these friends of mine, what their broken hearts have been like
over the years.
Yeah.
Well, I thank you for introducing me to that terrible aspect of hockey fandom.
But I still enjoy watching the Panthers.
And I'm.
Too bad.
Too bad they missed that trip to Washington last night.
They just didn't show off.
Yeah.
Well, better luck next time I guess.
Okay, have a great day pal.
You too.
So I guess on.
Okay, March 21st.
See now I feel better.
I don't feel like we've been slided.
Exactly.
So we got 13 days to look forward to some delicious home Natasha.
Not those little nasty, uh, stale, goyishy things.
The ones that Cheryl always used to win.
Oh, that was in the real things.
Those that are real home Natasha.
Yeah.
I got your real thing over here, sweetheart.
Those are for going real home Natasha.
Now the big brown ones ever have a big brown one.
Soft with the poppy seeds on the outside and on the inside moon,
moon, mung, whatever that.
I know it's called mung.
Mung.
I love that mung on the inside.
Mm.
And especially when they're warm, you know, what's the place that always sends us the boxes
of the fresh warm home Natasha?
What's the name of that place?
That bakery is a pastry lane.
Pastry lane.
Now we're talking.
Oh, pastry lane.
No kind of lowest, but nevertheless, I love pastry lane.
So we got something for all of it.
Just not so that we got lent and speaking of back to that thing about the fasting.
Let's see, let's see.
Lend us a somber season marked by prayer, introspection, repentance.
And the priest gets to do you a couple of extra times if you're under 21.
For Catholics, it also includes fasting and abstinence from meat on Fridays for those 14 and older.
Those under 14 must go see Father O'Toole.
If you let him know whether they can have any meat or not.
Nine minutes after Tim, we got a tremendous response that our podiums today went to your listener survey on who you listen to in the morning.
It is unbelievable.
Not really.
It's pretty predictable.
I'm only surprised we have that much crosser over the worst team.
You know, why would anybody listen to that show?
Nine minutes after Kent.
In fact, that's what most people wrote in on the computer.
They said, why would we listen to that God damn show?
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced.
No, no, no.
We were as written permission of WQAM, weekly read acquisition court.
That's for calling!
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Oh no!
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
No.
No.
No.
No.
We need him Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
People love him cause he isn't out for good.
Did I mention that he isn't out for good?
Yeah.
He played for the next.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out for good.
Not out for.
Not out for.
Not out for.
Not out for.
Yeah, he's not out for.
He.
I'll say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cause he's not boring out for good.
Well, I'm just not Bill Bradley.
No.
I said it one thing, he did the impossible.
And nobody believed that anybody could come along and make Al Gore look exciting.
And he did it.
I mean, he is just as wooden as the cigar store Indian.
Bill Bradley.
Good guy never stole a freight train and good luck to him and his boring wife.
And the same with John McCain.
There's a guy also never stole a caboose and he's full of crap but nevertheless he turned on a whole bunch of people who have no idea what he's all about because he wasn't George W.
That's why people like them because he wasn't George W.
He's gone.
They're all done.
It's all over with.
Bye bye.
Bye bye John McCain.
Bye bye Bill Bradley.
They're all gone.
And Alan Keyes though he's still hanging on for that sparcher vote.
You notice that no matter what the thing they show up there he still gets his 5%.
No matter what state it is, no matter what time of day, morning noon and night, poor him, sookas, good Friday, I asked Wednesday.
Alan Keyes has got his 5%.
So self-hating sparcher.
Probably the same one who like Willie Logan.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
Before I get into the poll result.
And please don't tell me line 4 screwed up again today.
Or it doesn't even make a sound now.
Well, it's just good because Greg Reed I saw him this morning and before he went.
He said the new phone systems arriving today was shipped yesterday.
And of course what he forgot is that he already lied and told us it was shipped last Friday.
But now it was shipped yesterday afternoon today being Tuesday.
Pathological wire.
But at any rate, so we can't get to a certain.
And would you say also line 8, who do we appreciate?
Oh, man, listen, that's not.
Here we go.
It's QA, but it's fast.
By that stock, maybe.
Do we get a 4 to get the phone system in here?
See if we can afford the phone.
We just get the 4 to see if we can handle it.
Oh.
Thank you.
Anyway, the thing that really frosts my ass today.
There's always got to be something to frost my ass.
And today, the thing with these guys, and we had a couple calls on it yesterday.
But it really didn't sink in because I didn't realize how massive the fallout was from these asshole bus drivers.
One Florida protestors strand students.
I get home yesterday.
I watched the news last night.
And on every local newscast, they show all these kids who are like sitting around wandering around waiting and waiting in way, who basically been stranded by a bunch of assholes.
And I'm going to tell you the biggest asshole of mall is the guy with a black straw here.
That Dr. Henry fraud.
It wasn't bad enough that he chased away the TV networks for all the good publicity that my, my education might have gotten.
And they were all the other crap that he does.
But here he's on there and he says, well, pickups were delayed upwards a couple of hours based on the high number of bus drivers using some form of earned leave, he said, earn leave.
So what he's trying to do is rationalize that they had earned this leave and it's okay.
But it's like the paramedics.
Suppose all the paramedics decided they want to go to some goddamn protest somewhere and they said, well, we've got that number of earn leave and we're all going at the same time and a bunch of people died too bad because we're going.
And as of 630 last night, right at the end of some of the news, the local news case, they show and there's still a bunch of kids sitting on the goddamn curb and hanging around and looking up into sky.
And while I wonder what that life was all about.
So a lot of these kids missed exams, by the way, we're not going to have to take make up exams because they couldn't get to school.
The safety of the kids was jeopardized.
And I say that everyone, every school driver who went to Tallahassee with or without a banjo on its knee to protest this one floor.
See what I don't understand is these people got the jobs. What are they bitching about?
They be having a job and I think what they're nervous about is if they do away with affirmative action, please soon.
That they'll actually put some people in a how to drive or qualify and kick their asses out. What do you say to that?
Oh, yeah. Kick the rashed out now. If you ever saw the way most of these school bus drivers drive down here.
I'd say they're about a half a half a step away from the jittney drivers.
You know the jittney drivers in Dave County.
Yeah, those many extra ones who drive up on the curb and like kind of make up their own road rules as they go along.
Yeah, they just make it up as they go along.
These people not only going to have a driver's license, they don't have a green card of visa, a master card, an American express green card.
They've got nothing.
But every single one of these school bus drivers who went off to Tallahassee yesterday and stranded those kids, they should be fired now.
And the first one ought to be fired is that Henry fraud.
At least give them some spare time. We could set about to see Chuck Alphieri and get some real hair.
That is the most it looks like it looks like that Ron Pope Peel spray crap on his head.
Yeah, look, it looks like somebody took a bunch of straw and then took a couple of cans of that Ron Pope Peel spray and just sprayed it on his guy.
Didn't had nobody told him you're not supposed to use your mustache wax on your hair.
Jesus Christ, what a silly looking goose and this guy's got something to do with education.
The kids are looking at him and like squeezing themselves. There's an hysterics looking at this asshole.
Man, 573 of the 1680 regular drivers were off in date County and Broward, they said not too bad.
Because in Broward County, they know if they mess around in Broward County, they'll be six year of Ken on them.
That's right. From the BS.
We don't take any BS from those farts who's in Dave County. I'll figure that right now or anybody else.
Farts or swingers. Anybody that begins with this spokesman. No BS from them either.
Nice going there last night spokesman. I'm sorry. They missed a plane.
Is there anybody who can debate that? I mean, you know, if you want to go to some demonstration on a weekend or when you've got it like a legitimate holiday and you've got a substitute there to do your job, that's fine.
But just to strand the kids basically what they should be doing is running up and down with placards saying, I don't give it a guy damn about the kids I drive to and from school every day.
It's a living, mocked 11 as they say in China.
Should be fired today right now.
And should be lined up right. They should they should have like a whipping post and they should let the kids give all the kids that were stranded yesterday.
Give them a whip and let them just whip about 40 lashes on the back of all these assholes.
That's right. That's absolutely that's what Kuntikinte told me. He said that's what they should be doing right now with them in the shape.
Assholes.
So you people who are not qualified to be doing your job, I can understand why you're up peeing in your pants about the end of affirmative action because now people that might be qualified, people that might be a little bit more dedicated, they're going to wind up getting the jobs.
And that's the way it ought to be.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello.
Well, Neil, I'm glad you mentioned fired because I believe I'm on my way to get fired from my job before I take my life.
Really? Yeah. I just wanted to throw out a few quick questions if I could.
Well, I don't even like jump from an overpass or blow your brains out. We'd like to get channel seven up there.
Well, I'll be on the road. I'll be on the road probably.
Okay. I know when people mentioned Vegas always ask you very stupid questions about where they should go and so forth and so on.
Probably do I would tell the casino would be good.
Exactly. And what and where to eat and so forth.
There's a possible job opportunity for me there. And I've never been there.
And no, you mentioned before that you said, oh, I would never live there.
No, I would not. So before you before you hang up and buy asked this question, um, would is there any particular reason why you wouldn't live there?
Or just because you just don't want to live there for me. There's nothing else. It's just it's a cowboy town as far as the city.
I mean, it's okay. It's beautiful out there. If you've got a family with kids, the education is great. But it's just not.
I'm looking for something in the long run. I'd be broken six months. That's why. I mean, I'm not a compulsive gambler.
But if I was out there and it's available all the time and I got nothing else to do, that's what I would lose on my money.
Okay. And by the way, I grew up as a Catholic and when my mother would say not to eat me on Friday, I would do it purposely.
And now I'm married to a June. I was going to tell you what form was. And I like to go to temple because I get to where I have.
And I get to where a shot. So it's really cool. Yeah. So I just want to say that. And if before I take my life, I'll give you a call on the year.
I think that'll be a really cool. Excellent. Okay. Good luck. Then he won't have to worry about going to Vegas. He's going to blow his brains right here on the show.
Well, let's you have advanced notice on that. We get about a 95 share. Our phone is really bad screwed up again today. But we don't care.
Because we got to do when supposedly coming in today. Not that Greg would lie to us about that. But he already lied about so many other things so many times.
And even just about this thing so many times. Did George Corso show up and fix our in-house phone here? No. I just thought I'd mention it again.
But I'm not going to get upset about it because like I said on yesterday about Monday, I mean, it's just life is too short. Just like this guy's going to blow his brains out. Life is too short. Anyway, let me just.
There's something very bizarre in this little clipping here in the Sun. This piece by the way from James Davis, you know, the religion editor for the Sun.
And sentinel who twist and manipulates all the stuff that you read in the newspaper like his review of farewell to God by Charles Templin. But nevertheless, he says fasting is defined this having to do with ass winds.
Damn, lend. He says fasting is defined as one full meal and two light meals during the day. What? That's fasting.
One full meal and two light meals during the day. I got news for all you Jews out there that fast on your own Kipper. I don't think this is what we had in mind.
But here's the thing that I find very perplexing. He says it is required in the art sciences of Miami for those between 21 and 59.
And in the Palm Beach Dice is between 18 and 59. Both fasting and abstinence are required on ass Wednesday and good Friday. And he also says good yunter. Whatever he means by that.
So what is that? If you live in Palm Beach, you have to fast between 18 and 59. But in Miami, 21 and 59. And in Broward, I think it's 55 and 59 because there's nobody under 55 and Broward. Anyways, there. No.
How do you like that? Why would be there? What would do there be a difference? I don't get it. Well, maybe somebody be explaining to us.
Poll results from yesterday are poll question on the internet. What show do you listen to a radio show in the morning?
Needless to over there. I'm reading it from an old number. We had 593 votes, which I think is the most we've had on an overnight poll so far. 168. Listen to howard. Is that a surprise? No.
No. 28.3%. Other was number two, 151. Now, other, I mean, we didn't have time to go through and make a long list of every goddamn radio station in the tri-count area. Other could have been like magic and smegma and the spic stations, radio romansia and then at the XDJ and D.A. Whatever it is. Kiss. Kiss this.
But amazingly, the big shocker in here was Rick and suds 130. 21.9%. In fact, now that I look at this thing, they weren't that far behind howard yet 168 and 130.
The first team, 92, 15.5%. Pretty weak. And the poll result too.
Paul and Ron, that's old, is that old Paul and young runner. They had 38, 6.4%. Power 96 had 9, 1.5%. And why 100 had 5, 0.8%. So that's our result.
And of course, our poll question today. So we don't have to waste our time on the year here on this show. Obvious poll question.
Should Dan Merino retire? That's the first choice. Play another year with the dolphins. They don't want to hour an hour or the third choice will be Simon the Vikings. And we'll find out. We'll get the, we'll just get it all over with. Okay. The Dan Merino business on our poll today on at neo-writers.com. Should he retire? Should he play another year with the dolphins or Simon the Vikings?
Why Danny? Thanks for everything Danny. Bye bye. 26 after 10 at 560 WQA. How young is two young?
He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit older than me. He's a little bit
r.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.er.Chạng Tubertohe Heibrtohe Beuripen Ho Niley
Heibrtohe Heibrtohe Beuripen Ho Niley
Bad Boen GeuTau Gwar
Bad Boen GeuTau Gwar
Bad Boo Monищ
Dihozi
Lu hospitalized
Bill what a basket we love they are on the next but get out of here you're boring
You're bothering us
So he's out and it's what what am I wasting time? Okay, it's Gore and maybe we'll start doing a series of polls
Not like right away, but like one a month until the election between Gore and Bush
Bush still scares the hell out of me. I look at him and I just it scares me
Yeah, nasty means spirited you can see it in his push and you can also see that have you ever seen him and Greg read together
No, I think it's the same person you can see that vacuous look in his face that blank stare in his eyes
Like like that or kind of like
Like that
Marty McSorley charged with assault by the Vancouver police very bad idea by the way
very bad
Keep your nose out of it Vancouver police say I mean it was a grotesque thing what he did
But when you're in a violent sport that condones violence the crap happens that idea
Dinosaur really served one night in jail back in 1988 was signing autographs all night is what I hear but at any rate
So I just thought I mentioned that and also for anybody who missed the West Coast score last night
I really not a West Coast up there in Edmonton, Alberta, which is a little bit West
Curtis Joseph gets his fourth shot out of the year final score Toronto to Edmonton
Zero Edmonton no score nice going air koo joe just thought I mentioned that in passing
What are we gonna do about these goddamn school bus drivers?
See if I'm a parent of one of those kids the kids are pissed off, but if I'm a parent I'm furious. I'm outraged
I'd like to take that Henry Fraud guy and just pull out that goddamn straw from his head one one piece at a time
For me that would have been the last straw
Here's a mobile in Delray. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I knew I'm the first time call him
I'm gonna start from Delray. Yes, sir. I want to talk about hockey for a second
I think carry and Brian Murray should be driving this cool buses. Yeah
You know, I mean, I'll live with them when bottom of Washington for 10 years when I was there and I had that regime of that boredom
It's just horrible. So I want me to put my frustration today for a lackluster play
I'm a fan, but it's just can't believe I continue to punish myself. No, you have to watch this crap. Yeah
How do you feel about that? Well, it's it's getting really ponderous and people don't realize see the only game
What the hell was that? That's a lot of work right now people don't realize that the only game they've won in recent memory
Was that a week ago Wednesday against the least and leaves didn't show up here at all that night
In fact, that's the only game they've lost in their last eight
But the team is playing worse and worse and worse and they're playing with absolutely no intensity last night
As you know, we on a shadow
But I was the biggest game of the year to this point and they didn't even bother to show up
They're nearly two points right there was no intensity no effort
I mean the lackluster would have been a compliment for their performance last night and in the meantime
BM you know who's still basking in the his successful trades which we give him credit for like Burrey
That's all about a good
But in the meantime the trade deadline is six days away a week from yesterday and he's like nothing
He's not doing anything. Yeah, wait for Burrey. He waits at the red line to get a pass and go on a breakaway
I'm not gonna knock you but he played last night was grotesque
Listen, Dallas and Detroit Sunday night was a real hockey game was the first game. I've enjoyed months
Yeah, and then I have a store in Delray. We sell boneless fish assholes here with 418 speakers in there
I thought you might look at them about it. Okay. I want to send you a can what's your address? Your mailing address
Uranus
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound what the hell is this man talking about 5 6 7 0 5 60
I think the pressure of last night's game got to me just cracked cracked under the pressure our phone system is
F up again today by the way just thought you might want to write that down in your diarrhea
Pull questions on Dan Marina today just go to neo-roggers.com and stick your vote in there
We got a massive result on the 600 votes yesterday. I'd like to start getting about a thousand a day
Would make me feel like we're you know redeeming ourselves here on this show
Especially and and of course if and when this phone system arrives and if it when it really works
Then we'll find out what else going on here. It's only been two and a half years
The the system is in the mail the checkers in the mail the phone system is in the mail
Greg's brain is in the mail. It's coming any day, too
Here's Oakland par hello
Yeah
Remember that movie
Freedom with enemy I beg your pardon movie that's freaking with the enemy to your Roberts. Yes
Okay
What about it?
You know what's the number one problem in this world and what is that sir?
Really?
Sleeping with a god and sleeping with an animal. Yeah, yeah, that's it. Yeah
Really
Helene and basket hell on a hand basket. That's right. You got it. Well, listen happy you ask when they happy poor them to my friend
And monastana halala has a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Are we getting any explanations about that thing about the as Wednesday and about how come you have to fast
In Palm Beach County one age and in Miami and other age. What kind of religion is that?
That it all depends on geography and maybe if you live up in peoria you have to fast like every between 17 and a half and 28
I mean, what is that?
So I guess the different our size these they just make it up as they go along all depending on how many child molesting priests
They have at the moment in their in their contingent
Here's a mobile and sunrise hello
Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I know and I just call and just I agree with you about the bus driver
That they should all be fired. How come I'm not getting a lot of response about that
These every time I bring anything that I have to do with the parents and their kids
There was no response to this that whether it's the crappy education kids going to school of God then part apart
of poor to potty and the school bus drivers leaving the kids in alerts yesterday and we get nothing from these people
I mean if you look at it most of these bus drivers there were minorities
I mean how do they get their jobs because of
You know the
Affirmative action has put the liquor there jobs that's right and it was something they're walking advertisements for the fact that affirmative action has got to end because most of
That's really competent and I feel that you know if you do something in this country
You should be based upon the merit and be awarded that way the way God was just saying
The other day I want to talk about Neil was I got a situation going on
That's just unbelievable these old people again in Florida. I mean they're trying to be crazy
I have a house that's in Margate
It's in a section where they're trying to make it a 55 or an older community and
I've tried to complain to different commissions
Different human rights groups and everything I go to anybody all they have to say is well
That's just the law that's that's what's passed and blah blah blah and basically you have no rights the people
55 and all the older rights that they have all the rest in the world you have no rights and that's where is and it's just you
Damn, if you don't like it
Welcome to Florida, sir
Is that not a place for living people is the place for dead people?
Someone needs to
People that are under 55 young people need to wake up in this world and realize what's going on because they're really getting stuck up
You know what and thank God I'm 57 have a great day good luck
21 before 11 at 560 WQM. That's right. I'm one of them now. I'm a senior citizen almost. Oh boy
This is that they haven't waiting for oh, I'm personally now so I'm a senior citizen. I'm an old fart. How do you like that?
Yeah, take a sniff of that
How many I mean why would anybody come here unless the course it's for a job or like necessity absolute life and death
Why would anybody be here under the age of 100 unless they have no choice?
This is not a place illegal aliens and dying people. That's what this town's all about
And they wonder why nobody shows up in the sporting events and
I'm sitting here day after day begging and cleaning to talk to living and breathing people because there aren't any living and breathing people
Maybe like 10% of us and the rest of the people are want to be above illegal aliens old fart
And there's nothing that smells worse than an old fart
24 11 at 560 WQM looking at the response we're getting on that school bus driver thing, huh
Shame on you. You know something. I feel sorry for your kids. I really do
For the kids that grow up in this area you talk about apathetic lacodasical indifference. They just don't give a crap
And he's out
And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush
Today
America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory right to be here in Nevada
South Carolina
I
Want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker
Don't say that the ignorant worker all over the world
Huh never have worked today my entire life
Hands smooth
Silky palm olive you're soaking in it
Let's go to the next question
Yes, sir
Good question
substinitive marijuana legalization no
Absolutely not
cocaine
Yes
heroin probably
Individuals andphetamines without adapt
Well, I had a doubt now you
Thanks for asking first thing I'd like to do see me one up close not too close no touching perhaps maybe get a lot
What can I get a lot
I turn to be good thank you very much we gotta go
With George W. Bush 1046 at 560 WQMA horrendous 22 car pileup on i10 you're well-born floored
You have any idea where that is way to hell up north
North of Gainesville anyway i10 between i75 and Lake City
And because they got a fire going there another one of those brush fires or visibility is we're limited
They had a 22 car pile up five dead at least and the 20 people injured
See it really kind of pays to watch CNN here even though I would rather watch
Much music every day, but then we might actually know what's going on in the world
So I better go back to this you know i'm saying uh-huh case the market crashes something minor like that
Since we don't have a newswire since it isn't a real radio station you know i'm talking about right
Because the real newswire would cost money and speaking of that maybe we can afford a real newswire because now
What's all that I do with it? I must have thrown it out here it facts me this stuff from oh yeah here it is
Yahoo finance
They
Must be crazy. They must have john Henry's in the room up there at the Yahoo finance. I must be crazy
I must be not well if not them it's the it's Bank of America securities rates beefy broadcasting a strong buy
And cssb another one of these hot shots they listed at buy today
So they've upgraded by two people with a lot of acid
So i'd rush right out and buy it would nine oh no i wouldn't touch it with your money five six seven oh five sixty
I got a new pool a final pool here from our yesterday
611 votes
Howard 176 other 154 recon suds 135 first team 94 Paul and Ron 38 power 96 9
105 so Howard nearly 30 percent other 25 percent recon suds 22 percent
worst team 15 percent that means only a little more than one out of every seven people will listen to this show
Listen to the worst team on their station in the morning and you have my sympathies
Speak and that here's the fact that says my name is victor i've been listening to your show for years
It's really upsetting to know the majority of people in this town care more about dan marine no hope
Rather than this ridiculous bus bus protest that delays the education of our children
It's amazing government would allow these people to attend those things and continue to keep their jobs as drivers
As a person who's traveled all over the world with this happening in europe he says no
Japan no any place else civilized no nice going victor right on victor cares
How's that line eight coming by the way is that thing working
I wonder having dropped getting all the calls that we should begin
We have massive gigantic losing phone problems. I think we should just leave that on all day
Because that's not like one of the fuck I could go away paying on all that i like like just there up in the duration
I could be wrong
And we need more science when we get 90 and it's gonna crash out
Well now it's raining
Well
Mary had a little light in
It's next was water stove
Not here
David Mimey springs as I just want to second your opinion that Henry fraud is a total creep hard to believe
But he was the sex health education teacher when I was going to Mimey Springs high school many years ago
Maybe that accounts for his confusion. It says he's an asshole. Yeah goes on and on about that. Yeah he is
Oh, yeah, well, they had they had earned time or earned credits
Yeah, that's okay
So just let them haul our ass to go up to telehance
Would a banjo wonder god damn me to be professional agitators and leave the kids stranded out there the most pathetic thing
I've ever seen in my life next to of course
Can't go in their brains out
Here's port St. Lucie hello
Hey Neil yes, sir a couple questions one hockey and one politics
Oh, by the way, don't take it so hard the
Unification stacks clear channel took on those day yesterday too. What do you mean don't take what's so hard?
You know you're beastly stuck. I don't have it. I don't have any beastly stock. I don't want it. Oh
Well, I mean, I think radio stock in general down. So I wouldn't be so hard on your employers
Okay, whatever you say yeah anyways, hey now that the Gore Bush thing is the done deal
Can we turn to the Julianian Hillary campaign? And I was just curious what you're can we turn to it? What what does that mean?
Well, it's you should be focusing in on that campaign well
What do you mean I should be focusing on first of all this isn't the we don't do that on the show number one and number two
We don't live in New York State so what difference does it make well?
Why do we why would we want to focus in on that the Catholics are in uproar up there because Hillary
We don't live in New York State. Why do we give a flying crap about Rudy and Hillary? What what does that got to do with a lot of New Yorkers living in this state
But what did they live here? What does it have to do with that? I lived in Rochester too. I was born there
I don't give a crap about New York State politics. What do I care? Yeah, but Hillary? This is like a national
She's gonna be she could be president of a few years
No, she won't
Well, but she's leaving president of vassar the Catholic president of the glee club
Yeah, but the Catholics are really mad at her because she's leading that parade this weekend
You know what you know the gay parade and they're very you know the state Patrick state parade
Yeah, and I'm just kind of curious. Don't you think that's hurting your chances by
I know I know I know I know I know I know I know the gay community. Why is that well? I mean she's she could be alien
I'm a thiann fine-stined. Didn't she align herself with a gay community in California?
Didn't she a member of the US Senate which is what Hillary aspires to be and have a nice day?
Oh god
5670560 pound five six do we care about New York politics? No
We give a flying crap about that fascist Rudy Giuliani and that bitch Hillary that they ice princess
No, let's get back to our lives here
Okay, not because somebody else here is from New York. We got a whole bunch of people from New York too many if you ask me
Here's moral gables hello. Oh, yeah, I just wanted to call it you know
I'm a supporter of the affirmative action. I'm curious why you're not and why is that why you support it?
Well take a look at your investigation for one thing you got
Goldberg and
Rogers and you got Kaplan. I mean Rogers is a Jewish name
I don't know why I know your Jewish. I mean everyone's probably in your staff Jewish and that's why they were high raises
Is the general manager Jewish?
Oh, no, the owners Jewish
Bird and Koen and Koen. Yeah, and what about you moron and moron? Is that your brother twin brother?
Go go play with yourself. Okay. Oh, he already is
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless one
This is what happens when the school brunch drivers play hooky and they leave punk kids like this
Sitting around the house diddling too much rubbing themselves raw. This is what happens
Here's Davy hello
Hey Neil devil. How you doing? Okay, when I was in college we used to observe a holiday called oh English sticky sticky day
Well, if every where 27th
All the black guys in college would go out and buy 40 ounce of old English
Then we stood as many ugly big nose Jewish girls as possible. Uh-huh. However, we never got to them all because it was so many
What do you think about that holiday
and
I
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
My shorts are friend and by the way see on the bus you'll be in the back. Here's a mobile and open park. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hi Neil. How you going? Okay. Pretty good. Uh, what they want to talk to you about today is
I think it's thing that the
Religious doing these days
How do I think what?
The religion
How do I think the religion is doing these days? I don't know what what the place are they in?
Well, let me explain. Do they win last night?
No, what does that mean sir? What word one of these words that are coming?
Am I speaking a wrong language today? Is that it? What do you mean speaking sir?
Well, I'd be speaking Neil
Is I want to know how can you believe that there's not a god
Explain please sir. How can you believe that there is one take a look around you sir
All the slaughter and they misfortune and the misery and the murder and the mayhem and the starving people
And you believe there's a god who permits this to happen
Where does a tree come from? Where does a tree come from the ground? Where does your brain come from?
I'll tell you where your rectum get out of here
Oh, I didn't realize it was all stupid Wednesdays. It's super when oh, that's right because it's ass Wednesday
God am I slow?
Yeah, it's ass Wednesday
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got a couple lines working here today not too many so don't get carried away
How's that line four sounded right about now, huh?
Oh, it's been this must be connected with the wheel from a several casino. Let's make it that sound
Yeah, and line eight that we appreciate how's that
Wow
oh
Okay
56 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line. Well it was shipped on Friday
It was shipped yesterday. It's coming. It's coming. The engineer here anyway is bout about about about about about about yeah
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we're broadcasters
and go buy the stock. You buy stock from a company that operates like this. You
got to have a lobotomy baby. I'd go out and buy that Boston chicken shmit
stock before I'd buy this and what's that? That about a 15 cent something like
that? Yeah. I go out and buy about four pounds of chicken in a big fat old
watermelon before I'd buy any of this kind damn stock. Yeah but you don't
understand it's just on the way it's coming it's coming in you're just impatient
guys. Only been two and a half years. What's wrong with you man? By the way
did you notice out in the hallway? Is there any painting going on? No. Anybody
here putting any more of the ceiling tiles up? No. The stuff's still sticking
down from the ceiling? Uh-huh. Yeah. I write my case. It's 1056 at 560 WQAM.
Oh oh
I told you Christopher Lowe, ain't nothing like a voice-round move.
Which is this the night away?
This is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is the night away.
These flowers, red wine, white juice, white out, white proofy, move the tubing, for rust and grass.
Yeah, this is this, this is the night away.
This is this the latest thing, but get the filter back over here.
Ooh, man, you can't for rides just leave.
This is the night away.
It's just that people seem to like.
Who knows you ain't even fine?
30 rides and 10 minutes ride.
This is the night away.
Yes, this is, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is the night away.
You moved the towel, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, where it goes out?
When you go inside and é it 있다고, the bag, when you go inside and do any work, man, only if you move into this area and after that
and two light meals during the day.
So if that's fasting, imagine what picking out might be.
Huh?
Yeah, that's the cat look church.
That's the new deal for fasting on these holidays
like today as Wednesday.
So don't eat more than four or five pounds of food
today, please.
Or you'll piss off the poke.
And you know what happens when he gets pissed.
Oh, speaking of that.
So during the bit that I'm playing there,
if you heard that loud, or like that,
the reason being that this line, which maybe it's written,
I would see.
It just pops out spontaneously for him to just
just to say, with line eight, you'll be
reaching it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Thank you.
Every single day, we go through the same exact thing.
Dufflin Z-Stix is heading the doorway
and he's going a little bit like that.
Every single day, we go through the same thing.
And you wonder why people just get to the point of apoplexy
and they just become puzzled like yours truly.
As to how long this can pass
is the way I do a business here.
There are three big boxes from Kellos downstairs.
You know something?
I forget about throw the stuff out from the boxes.
I'll tell you who to put in the three boxes, OK?
One of them, his name is, yeah.
Put screw in another one and then we'll take a vote on who's
going in the third box.
Yes, ask Wednesday.
So what's wrong with that?
Ask hole in a box.
What's wrong with that?
How's Line A doing, by the way?
That looks like one of Mickey's cruise ships.
Lost at sea.
Oh, it's big of Mickey's cruise ships.
I noticed yesterday that I want to mention
the name of my good fat friend.
He's a big picture of the two and six.
The Humper, I don't want to make that name.
But sounds to me like he's wavering on this thing.
And he's right.
It was his idea.
I heard him weeks ago on a year.
I was driving home one day and he was suggesting,
well, maybe they can put a tax on the cruise ships
and they don't pay any taxes anyway and stick it to Mickey
et cetera and so on.
And then Hank yesterday was repeating that.
It was his idea, which he's right.
And telling us, well, Dave Heide had a real good column on Sunday.
Dave Heide did not have a real good column.
Dave Heide had a grotesque, unacceptable, ass sucking column.
And even though Hank said, well, I don't know if this is
the best way to spend the money, he's kind of like wavering.
Just because it was your idea, fatso, don't get sucked in here
about it.
More on John Henry, you know better than that.
We don't need another goddamn multi million dollar empty venue
here in this town.
Airbnb Street Corner.
And like I said, these people don't care about their kids
getting left out of school yesterday,
wandering around missing their tests, stranded.
They don't care.
Any place else civilized people be up at arms.
They've been marching, talk about protests.
They've been marching right now in a goddamn
dead county school board.
Demanding Henry Fraud, Andy's asshole teachers be fired,
immediately if not sooner.
Do I see teachers school bus drivers?
Whatever LAR assholes since it is ass Wednesday.
But they won't do it.
They'll just sit back and grumble a little bit.
Well, we're not too happy about it.
And yeah, here's North Miami.
Hello?
Yes.
Good morning, yes, sir.
Yes, I've been on this line.
I'll scoot up.
Yeah.
Yes, I've been listening to your show for a while.
And I've been trying to figure out whether your show
is an educational program.
No, it's entertainment, sir.
Yes.
So, but at times you said you tend to learn a line
between education and entertainment.
No.
For instance, we are not maxing this because your support
of governor Bush is one slaughter plant.
Have you read his plan?
What are you talking about, sir?
The governor Bush is slaughter plant.
Have you read it?
Yes.
You read it in his and it's an entirety from cover to cover.
No.
Have you read it?
And when I read this plan, it's
you point out from the clearing problem with...
Sir, I've discussed your time.
It's an entertainment show.
You're putting me to sleep.
Oh, sorry.
This isn't entertaining.
This is terminal.
No, yes, it is terminal.
But, um, I'm sorry.
We can talk from now until the end of time.
I am opposed, vehemently and absolutely positively
to affirmative action.
I'll oppose the quotas.
I'll oppose any kind of a program for education,
for jobs, for anything, that gives favoritism to people
because of the color of their skin, their religion,
their gender, anything.
Now, this is unusual coming from someone who comes from a culture
that had to change his name to be able to...
No, I didn't have to change my name.
Change his name to be able to assimilate and...
No, sir, let me say it again.
I didn't have to change my name.
He didn't.
No.
I changed it because my real name is too...
My real name doesn't sound Jewish.
And if I was afraid of people knowing that I was Jewish,
how come I talk Yiddish on a year, my dark and placid friend?
Well, now...
What are you talking about?
Well, now it's except...
Yeah, my grandparents say change their name
from U-Levitz to Solomon.
That was a good cover, I wasn't it?
Yeah, Solomon.
It was...
Oh, it was assimilated to...
Sir, you've had 30 years of a lot of people
including these asshole bus drivers yesterday,
getting jobs, even though they weren't qualified,
and the time to say no more to that,
you can't wait forever.
You can't keep punishing people
by nothing to do with the discrimination forever.
And that's the name of the game.
Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
No.
I'm absolutely, positively,
145% opposed to affirmative action.
It ends now.
Get an education just like you're talking about
people who had to change their name,
but you know something, they still got the jobs
because they were qualified.
Because they could go in there and they could compete.
So change the color of your skin and go in there and compete.
Get an education, get a brain, get the chip off your shoulder,
and let's start competing based on equal footing.
And if you're afraid that America isn't the kind of place
where you can do that,
well, I guess maybe you'll have to find some place
where you can.
That's all I can tell you.
It's worked for every other minority group,
the Italians, the Cubans, the Jews, the Fags,
everybody else has somehow managed to succeed,
get an education, get a brain.
I mean, maybe we didn't need as much fried chicken,
but somehow we managed to squeak our way through.
We prefer our chicken a little blender, boiled.
A boiled chicken.
That's the way the Jews like.
Oy!
Tateless.
Like this program.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What is he telling you?
What is he hockeying you with China?
About that, tell us.
Tell us something that we don't know, okay?
But it means, but it will,
just by and by the way,
if the engineer ever came back to work,
maybe we get something installed in here too,
although I doubt it.
Seeing the great job he's done with this other
with his in-house phone system.
Maybe if we got a real engineer in here for a couple of days,
even if somebody had to pay him out of their own pocket, maybe.
Till we sell some more of that bogus stock.
Oh, I realize we're getting really out of control now.
He wants a phone system and a real engineer.
This son of a bitch is getting out of control.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQM.
So, the 22AM.com from all your cyber needs.
They have the internet on computers now.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I killed the goal.
Friday night on five.
It's the WGW Jaffeant ship.
It's a rare and bald-licked inside.
Versus Christopher the Crusher Ball.
I'm bored in you Crusher.
When I get you in the ring,
I'm gonna wrap my unmovercated boat up your tube
and wrap my arms around your waist
and slap you into belly.
Steve, you're a preaver.
Do what you want.
But I'm gonna fly you with ShowTube.
Just watch.
I got my red frequent gown on.
And when you hear me sing like Tommy Toom,
Daddy don't you understand?
I'm missing from all the other boys.
That's why I don't play catch with you anymore.
The box world gay wrestling champion.
The effective programming for sportholds junkies like you.
It's a lot of campaign at 5, 60, WQM.
And speaking of wrestling,
let me just mention again the Connecticut wrestlers charge
in Haysing High School story yesterday.
And I mentioned in Georgia's morning before the show,
why should we be surprised?
That in a high school wrestling team of all teams
of all the your so-called sports and endeavors,
why should we be surprised that they're doing all these
Haysing things in the shower and grab it each other's...
That's a gay club you moron.
Parts, etc.
Are we surprised?
No.
For my dark and collected friend,
I just called a few minutes ago.
And he sounded like a nice guy.
But he wants to know what the show is all about.
And I tried to tell him it's for entertainment.
And then he starts,
there wasn't entertaining.
You're not entertaining.
What you're trying to do is twist my arm and convince me,
you're not going to convince me,
I'm not going to convince you.
You want us to continue, you know,
you may be playing favorites with certain kind of people,
including your own forever and ever.
Because your skin color is never going to change.
I can change my name.
I can pretend I can go out and get a fake wife.
I can have a beard or even grow one.
But you're always going to be black.
And the fact is that black people can't wait until the end of time,
until they decide they're going to go out there
and get an education and compete on equal footing.
That's just the way it's going to have to be.
Your affirmative action is all over with now.
You can sit in the front of the bus, in the back of the bus.
I can sit in the front and the back.
And I come in here as an out of the closet,
you fag old fart and doing pretty well.
In spite of those things.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Mr. Rodden.
Good evening.
Yes, I like to make a slight resolution
for the NRGF CSL-Roting for the FCT in mind as well.
It turns out the NRGF POM Beach FFIC TV,
but has a complete listing of all AM and FM radio stations
regarding top writing music and so forth.
And it turns out that this 1-0 radio station, W-H-L-G-1-1.3,
plays something called adult mix.
So last night, I tuned into it.
And it turns out that 24 out of the day, seven days a week,
yes, they played uncut versions of hip hop and R&B singles.
And the radio talks in the hood,
the hoods just at that time,
a few dollars for fan, and the cars on hand.
This is a license commercial station?
Pretty much.
Well, what do you mean pretty much?
Either it is or it isn't.
It's not pretty much pregnant.
Is it the commercial license station or is this a pirate station?
It's, I never heard any,
it's pretty much on here.
It says, it's a license radio station.
How do you know that?
I don't, but you know,
I don't know how much the pilot station is.
Well, how can they be doing that?
The only way they could do that is if it's a pirate station.
Probably, but I know it's a plane always profanity and whatnot.
Well, I hope you enjoyed.
Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What do you say was 1.5?
Okay, so as we get out of here.
And what's the out of townline number, Niels,
I knew I asked, 877-785.
Let's hear line 8 again just to get that sound out.
I love that sound.
Oh, man, I can't get due spots.
Woo!
What happened to my colonel?
He's practicing intuition.
He's saying this sound.
I can really,
he's going to be, uh, spent.
Hey, it's Lisa Bobcatz.
We have the 3BGI.
Why is it 5?
If you're impressed by the pilot's radio station
and the commercial equipment that we have to do to be a larger show,
I can have a proof that I work the right now.
5, 5, 5,
6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 5,
DPP,
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18,
18, TT line.
And the outside line is a dead.
877-785-6345.
These people are sure ripped up about those school bus drivers
who went off to tell a happy yesterday,
they couldn't give a crap less.
They don't care.
Nothing phases them.
Like the guy said in the facts,
all they care about is Danny Boy.
That's our poll question, by the way.
Tomorrow's poll is going to be about affirmative action.
Don't let me forget about that.
I'm sure we can't forget about it,
because as soon as I mentioned,
Eric's probably,
he's already got it written on his palm of his hand or something.
Yeah, tomorrow we'll do a poll.
And we'll see just how many people out there
are in favor of affirmative action.
Still.
But today's poll is about Dan Moreno,
Danny Boy.
Oh, Danny Boy,
just go away.
Don't go away, Matt, Danny.
Just go away.
You Dan Moreno, retire.
Should he play another year for the dolphin?
They don't watch it.
Or should he assign with the Vikings?
Those are your three choices on our poll
on our website, neo-rodgers.com today.
Which I'd like to get a thousand votes on this.
We sure ought to, you know what?
I mean, since this is the most pressing issue
in a goddamn town,
here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Mia.
Yes, sir.
I just want to know you,
would you appear on the presidential candidate race?
Who's going to win?
On their race?
They're both white.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I know exactly.
Where's the problem with the bus drivers coin to...
The problem is that they didn't...
They left without making sure that there were replacement drivers
and kids who had exams,
who had to get to school on kids who didn't have something to arrive,
got stranded all day.
There were kids who were sitting on the curb at 6.30 last night
outside their school in Dave County.
That is my problem.
Sir, am I wrong about that?
Well, sir, we uniformed that...
that schools informed the parents beforehand that...
Well, schools...
There would be some schools...
There would be some schools...
Sir, schools put it on radio and television,
and if the parents didn't happen to hear it,
the parents didn't know about it.
Well, sir, my point to you is...
I'm not debating affirmative acting with you.
Yes, sir.
I'm not...
There's ads that do with people who've got a job.
This has got to do with people who have a job,
and when it's very responsibility to take care of kids
and protect their safety and get them to school and home on time,
that's got to come first.
Barring a medical emergency or a family emergency.
Going off the protest of Adelaide Hassey,
that comes way down the list, sir.
You're creating things like...
you will be protesting dogs right,
if not put...
Certainly, sir.
Let me say this to you.
Don't those people who are protesting don't they already have a job?
Sir, sir, they want the right to have a better job.
Really?
Well, you know something I got a great idea.
I got a great idea.
The ledifier is there.
Let them fire their ass right now
and let them go out there and compete for a better job.
That's a great idea.
Thank you.
Thanks for the suggestion.
I got news for you.
The people I see driving those school buses,
they're lucky to have any job.
Get serious.
Wining and whining and...
We want this.
We want that.
You know what we want?
We want people to do their job.
We want competent people.
Sick and tired.
I'll give you an example.
Classic example.
When we worked for Paxton,
there was a dark, complex lady who worked there.
I won't mention her name on the air.
I had the displeasure of working with her years ago on another radio station in this town.
I'm not going to say what position she was in other than prone.
And this particular lady, and I use that term loosely,
was a belligerent, militant bitch.
And they were who was totally incompetent.
In fact, George had to do half of her job all over every day
because she couldn't get it right.
And that company was terrified to fire her ass.
Remember the one time that came and told me to hire somebody else?
And you know what?
They lied.
Because she kept threatening to sue them.
And why would she sue them?
Because she was a minority.
Which means she had a lot of...
She, in her mind, she had a job there forever.
No matter how obnoxious she was,
no matter how incompetent she was,
and believe me,
incompetent would have been a compliment.
But she had a job for life.
And I got news for you.
When it starts affecting the service
and affecting the quality of all of our lives,
unsentable people are just going to say,
no, no, no more of this crap.
Equal footing means equalability.
That's what equal footing means.
Good education.
Barbara Jordan got an education.
Julian Bond got an education.
What's his name up there in Michigan?
John Connors.
He got an education.
Lots of very bright black folks
went out there and got an education.
Made the best of what opportunity they had.
And look where they got.
I say, forget about the NBA.
Crack some goddamn schoolbooks
and get an education and get ahead.
Or just get them ahead.
If you think you're going to...
Yeah, I mean, I'll listen to you.
I'll listen to you.
If you want to be reasonable.
From now till the end of time,
you can go on and on and on.
It's not going to change my mind.
I approach most things with an open mind.
But on this one, my position is final,
intractable, immolable.
That's it.
The answer is absolutely no affirmative action.
That's my opinion.
Period.
I've seen too much of it.
I've worked around too much of it.
I've worked with people who were just totally incompetent.
I encounter it everywhere where you go shopping.
Where you go for service.
Anything.
You encounter it all over the place.
You go into a doctor's office
where you're a health.
People's lives are on the line in a doctor's office.
And there are people who are there for obvious reasons
who are making good money by the way,
who are totally,
eminently, unqualified to be filling those jobs.
Go into a hospital.
Have you ever been in the hospital?
Go into a hospital.
And see some of those people that are working in those jobs.
With people's lives on the line,
with people getting the right medication or not on the line.
You're working up the wrong tweets, sweetheart.
You're winding in the wrong year because I'm out listening.
Not interested.
Here's a mobile in pompino.
Hello.
Yeah, affirmative action is for swaccer.
And it's killed our panthers.
Keep it in that frog.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Nia.
Yes, sir.
Let me tell you something.
Affirmative action,
what Jeff Bush is doing.
It's a lot of work.
The only thing that he's doing right.
Yeah.
And let me tell you something.
You know, another black did you actually with the cheese
and screwed up their schedules and the tests and all that?
Yes.
What event do you think was worth the blacks basically doing that
to the buses or the Cubans blocking the trucks?
Both.
Both?
Yeah.
That could be a good poll question, you know.
Okay, good.
I'll take a stick your poll on it and see whether it pops up or not.
Okay.
It popped up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18.
Yeah, which was worse the chicken or the egg?
Which one tastes better?
The watermelon seeder they are rined.
Wow.
This is some crowd again today.
How's line four doing, by the way?
I don't want to leave them on.
Look at that.
It's not making a peak.
It's not making a sound.
I don't just put it on hold over there.
Oh, but how about line eight?
All right.
There you go.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go.
Go, go, go.
There we go.
Just checking, just want to make sure.
Okay, because once you hear that sound and you know exactly what you'd be listening to,
WQA, and then the Eroger Show.
26, past 11, at 5, 60, QM.
I took a call from the e-phonic.
They said the future be so I told me now I can't get no job.
Because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old Negro.
You thought I'd exalt me how this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot flow.
Drive a dude, send a quarter and a cadillac.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
to build a new bar, grind the blues out of poverty.
White devil's got to know your folding entire path.
So the bond that could give my knowledge to change now, I have had.
Got to go in and sell no crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Bloody what a bar in the song.
Ibony makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I've got to make more money.
They were fooling sounds good to me.
I've got plenty of nothing.
Ibony can get me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old ride this.
Feel the thirst and pull it out.
Then I want to take so much money.
I'm very old and afraid to die.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
to build a new bar, grind the blues out of the heat.
White devil's got to know your folding entire path.
So the final could give my last change now.
Uh huh.
Got to go in there.
No crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
Crack.
OK.
1132 at 560 WQ.
We got the ankle version at the Schuylers State 2
at 2 o'clock.
The big boogster, Mooshrambi.
Not as big as he used to be.
Thank God he'll be here at 680K.
Rhymes with GA.
He'll be here at 10 o'clock tonight.
That's our agenda.
Our agenda.
Our poll question.
I told you we'll get a thousand votes
before the show starts at 10 o'clock tomorrow.
That's my goal.
Get everybody on the poll on this one.
Because everybody's talking about it.
That's what I heard B.P.O. say this morning.
Are we talking about it?
No.
No.
Should Dan Moreno retire?
So we got 115 votes total so far, which is pretty
and good because we only gave this thing about 20 to 11.
68 say he should retire.
Bye bye, Danny.
Well, pack your salami sandwich.
We'll get you some lip balm for those big lips of yours
and have a great life.
Thanks for everything, Danny.
We really enjoyed you.
We appreciated your efforts.
You're an old, funny, dutty.
Your as mobile as the Statue of Liberty.
Bye bye.
68 said he should retire.
That's 59.1%.
35 said he should sign with the Vikings 30% and only 11.
9.5% said he should plan out the year with the dolphins.
They don't want him.
Oh, I'm sorry.
How do you like that?
That's amazing.
Also, here's a note from Eric on this tabulation sheet.
Here it says the stock is nose diving, not to the neoroges,
but to the analyst see the next facts.
And I can hear the next facts putting in a background there.
And I'm getting goosebumps just waiting for that thing
to come sliding through when the facts do.
So I can reach behind me there and grab that sheet.
Just reach behind you and grab the sheet.
All you ought to be grabbing a sheet,
you're probably a clan mate.
Yeah, right.
See, as long as you're not a performative action,
you must be a racist, a bigot.
And didn't I already say last week I was a racist?
So what's wrong with that?
At least it fits right in.
At least I'm being consistent.
What's wrong with everybody?
The guy on the one hand, he's saying equal footing,
but on the other hand, like, but he's got to have priority
because he's dark.
How about Malcolm on the young and a horny?
Did he get the job he always black?
No, yeah.
What is this?
Well, because he looks good.
Oh, it's on my soul train, by the way.
Oh, it's sucking in jiving.
I'd like to see him shucking it and jiving it.
And jamming it.
Jam on it.
Here's a lady in Davy.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
OK.
I'd like to speak to you about this whole thing
with the bus drivers.
Yes.
I think it's absolutely.
What's wrong with this phone?
This phone is just a mess.
I know.
I was just sounding very strange.
I think the whole thing is ridiculous.
What would happen if one of these kids
was like abducted?
Right.
Wait for the bus driver to come pick them up.
Well, we got into some serious trouble
because they were hanging around there on a street quarter
and they got shot, God forbid, or some horrendous thing
happened.
Is it going to be the parents' fault?
Because they put it on the news that the bus drivers weren't
going to be there?
That's pathetic.
I mean, what a lame excuse that was.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm counting the days I can get out of this rattle.
Yeah.
I mean, this place is the worst.
And you think I could find it anywhere in the Miami
Harold this morning?
And they're talking about they want to
tax the cruise ship passengers now for a box of day
so they can raise money not to improve the school situation
here, not to hire more bus drivers, not more textbooks,
but so they can build another stadium that can sit there
half empty all the time.
Please.
For God, it's a billionaire.
Please.
Crazy people.
Crazy.
Can't wait to out of here.
Neil.
Good luck, sweetheart.
Thanks.
Take me with you.
I will.
Just like they said in Faso.
Take me with you.
Sal.
Take me with you.
Why does that keep coming to my mind lately?
Take me with you anywhere you're going.
Just take me.
We're going to Bangladesh.
We're going to Calcutta.
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
We got a shot.
Get out of here.
Boy, this whole phone thing.
I think it's the overhead too.
Is there something changed with the overhead level?
Does that have to cry out?
There must be because I got my thing cranked way up in here.
Yesterday and today.
But boy, once we get that those things out of the boxes down
to I got the answer.
We got the square N in one box.
Greg reading the other box and George Corso in the third box.
That comes good to me.
I know it's a revolution every concept, but did I say it will a long,
long time ago you make a project out of this like we're going to get this done.
We're going to get the new equipment in here.
We're going to bring in two or three part-time real engineers.
Get everybody's heads together who knows what they're doing and get it all.
You know, you instead of dragging on.
I'm sure that I'm not the only one.
I'm sure we got a lot of people in the audience who are really just fed up here
and every day this whole thing with this crap here that we got.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Okay.
Whoa.
I've thought they're taking that much of a dive.
What's he talking about?
What do you get all nervous about Eric?
Not that bad.
Okay.
Let's see.
Last trade, 11.02 a.m.
Beasley was down to 12 and a half.
That's down 3.8.
And there's no surprise because the NASDAQ has down 65 points.
It's an ASDAQ stock.
So why should that be any big surprise?
Plus, Alan Greenspan opened up his big mouth again today.
Made another speech.
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
And every time he opens up his mouth,
the market takes another crap.
Although the Dow is up 57 for those who can't get into the TV right at the moment.
There are some good news for it.
So it's only down about 75,000 points in last month and a half.
Don't get nervous.
It's only money.
You ever see that spot where the guys,
what the hell is it?
It's for one of these investment firms.
My favorite one is the one for the,
where she's doing the,
with the guru in there and they're like doing all the,
the say on, so whatever they're doing.
But this is the one where the guy is jogging on the beach with his wife.
And he says, boy, he says,
and you know, and good thing that we don't worry about things.
I invested all our money in some fly-by-night stock instead of hiring a,
and we lost all of our money.
And he's smiling, laughing, says, well, what are we going to live on?
He says, oh, there's the fresh air in the sunshine.
What else do you need?
It's only money.
His money is highly overrated.
Only 50 dollars.
21 before noon at 560 WQAM.
Floridians, dumb ad-sturch.
Yes.
The refurbic-in-party.
They are still behind George W.
But while you were fighting for a country,
you would do it online or two.
Six and a half years,
you'd be like you were a PLW.
And all the while your wife
still persists in white,
still persists in their
done Medicaid.
I said you think that we will go for you.
Done Medicaid.
You are still better than George W.
And he asked you,
oh, you're still doing it.
Six and a half years,
you're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
You're still doing it.
He asked,
truth, truthепcy.
Mathematics,
lett.
probably. Anyway, affirmative action, man. What's wrong with black people from beginning
from benefit from the affirmative action? Correct me if I'm wrong.
Well, when you finally getting some benefits, how long do you spend? What year should we
cut it off? What's the cut off date? Well, okay. Correct me if I'm wrong. I'm a Jews.
I'm not getting benefits from what happened in Holocaust? No. Yeah, right. Let me ask you
this. What do you mean by benefits? Do Jews get hired because they were Jews killed in
a Holocaust? So what's wrong if they don't? You brought that up out of left field. I have no
idea what they're thinking with your comparative suffering lesson here. But what Jews get hired
because what happened to a Holocaust? Can you name any Jews who get hired because they're Jewish?
I can't name you. Yeah, I can name you. I can name you Jews. How did you get already a
station? What is it? How did you get already a station? Because that was Jewish. Because you're a
white guy. You're a white Jew. Yeah. It's easier for you than a black guy. I know they have the same
name. That's right. A little compact for you to do. That's correct. But you never know that.
There's a lot of incompetent white people in the hospitals killing black people, killing white people.
Which is the famous old incompetent black people in the incident. Well, the question, how did
you get hired to be a salesman on this radio station? That's where I fasted business. Oh,
what about the Indian? Well, how about how about the Indian? It's his business, but how you claim
I got hired. That's your business. That was your standard. So like a lot of you folks,
you got a double set of standards. Well, that's not true. Jews don't get hired because they're Jewish.
There were no quotas for hiring Jews. Near Rogers. How about Gays? The gay people get hired because
they're fags. Near Rogers. Sir, I'm asking you a question. They can do it hard because it's a fact.
No, why not? That's common sense. Oh, it's common sense? This is not a higher
fact because it could just because he's a fact. Well, why is that? Suppose you want to be a
hairdresser. What's wrong with that? How about an interior decorator? If he deserves it,
okay. Well, if you deserve it, you're going to get it too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I think he deserves it. Yeah. He's going to get it.
Pound 5, 60 on the 80 and T line and on the other town line, 877, 785. Isn't it interesting now?
All of a sudden these people who ordinarily we don't hear from it's just like with our Cuban
friends out there. 80 billion of them are listening. And when we had the alien thing here going crazy,
bap bap bap bap, you know, all life crap going on. You know what I'm talking about.
Instead of just being like a plain old ordinary folks, all of us, like I keep preaching all the time,
ID and H, do no harm and just be a human being. Not some goddamn hyphenated, whatever. Forget
about that crap. Just be a person. Get you a brain and go out there and get a job that you can do.
I got hired because I'm Jewish. Give me. Oh, God. Now, I got hired because I'm a
fact because I'm ugly. That's why I got hired. Now, what's your excuse, sir?
Got all those great things going for me. This, this overhead, that's where the problem is with a lot
of this stuff to me. This is all I've done. Maybe our engineer will come back someday. What do you think?
No. That's a great line. Oh, well, he wasn't here yesterday and he wasn't here on Monday and he
wasn't here last Friday and he's on a busman's holiday. Maybe he's driving a bus to tell I have to.
What do you think? Yeah. Here's Coral Gables. Hello. Oh, no. Can I ask George,
how he feels on the affirmative action? Yeah, when he does the show, he's not doing the show.
He's not doing the show. What are you not clear to? What are you rid of it?
What? I just asked him to go to George more sensitive.
George is more sensitive. He's also a gentleman. Okay, I just wanted to know. Okay,
there's a, okay, well, there's your answer, sir. I just wanted to know. He's more sensitive.
I did a whole show on it. He's the most insensitive little spick-hybers on my life.
Sensitive. Of course, I never touched him, so I'm not really sure. I don't want to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60. A lot of foreskin. We hear it makes you more sensitive. Is that
what he's talking about? Yeah, foreskin. I got your foreskin over here, pal. Get back on a banana boat.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no. Hello? Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling or regarding
the affirmative action issue. What issue? There's no issue. It's history. It's done. Yeah, well, maybe,
maybe not, you know, I follow this. Let me share a few ideas and let's go from there, okay.
Affirmative action, you know, people talk it. They talk what it should be, but walking it is
something else, okay? What does that mean? I'll tell you what that means. For me, now I'm talking
in Florida, in the southern state, and I'm talking about employment now. It's a right to work state.
Now, what is right to work me? Okay? I think that affirmative action or reform.
By the way, Jason, if you don't stop faxing you to same crap over and over again,
I'm going to take back there, take this stuff off the internet, cut the crap, Jason. Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry. Yeah, what I'm saying is sort of a check in balance, I guess the right to work state,
and I've seen it in my 60 years on the surface, and I'm from the north and I understand, okay?
Yeah. And not to say, okay, that I know everything, which I don't. I love your show.
What are you trying to say? I don't know what to say.
Let me, let me, you know, I worked for, I don't know, 30 years in Detroit area.
Yeah. You tried to try to end a Chicago. Well, I used to be a great city until they'd burned it down,
but anyway, of course, in 68, they'd burned the city.
57 years. I know whatever it was, 67, 68. And the early 60s and 61, I tried to move to gross point,
and I couldn't get in. You know what? I had a point system.
My name, and my parents were from Italy, okay? Yeah. And if you were Black, if you were Jewish,
if you were a person of color, if you were swarty, what do you Italians came in?
Yeah. Couldn't get in. Yeah. So I made a point and I was in a living at damn city,
and 10 years later, I bought it and I wasn't an Anglo-Saxon. So what does that have to do with affirmative
action? Well, here's what it has to do with it. I got transferred down here 11 years ago to
Nepal. Okay? And I saw right away, immediately, the different mentality between owners of companies
and even corporate companies that are located down here. Yeah. The way they treat employees,
it's a different ballgame. Yes. Right to work. It's called a way of doing business. It sucks
in the South. That's correct. That's absolutely important. That is right. So what is it? I'm still
going to ask you for the third and last time, what does that have to do with affirmative action?
Well, affirmative action just people. Some rights don't thank people of color. Yeah. And what about
other people? No, what it does is it doesn't give them rights. It gives them preferential
treatment, even if they're not qualified. I just got to tell you stories about specific individuals,
one in particular. I could give you doesn't look for it like that. Well, that's wrong. That's
absolutely wrong. But the way I understand affirmative action is not just people of color.
There's also male female issues. Yeah. I mean, it covers a lot. How many men do you know get hired
because of affirmative action? How many what? Men. You said male. How many men get hired because
there's a quota for men? Obviously, it's one side of that. How many Jews get hired because there's
a quota for Jews? Well, of course, that doesn't happen that way. I just got 12, I just got 12,
I just got 12, five minutes to go here that I got hired because that was Jewish. Well, I heard that,
and that's ludicrous. Okay, and I understand that. But on the other point, on the other side of the
issue, all it is is a reminder to the employers, they look, if in fact you don't do it right,
you're violating some kind of rights, some kind of law, and it keeps people in a little bit of a
balance. And it doesn't always work. People will talk to talk, but let me tell you, a lot of people
don't walk it. And I know that, okay? They say, I'm not prejudice. That's a lot of belonging.
Well, I am. I understand. It's all mine. Yeah, well, I know. Have a nice day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Did not give him ample opportunity.
I think more than ample. Anybody know what he's saying? No. Here's a mobile and e-ha junction. Hello.
Mobile and e-ha junction. Yeah, Neil. How are you? Okay. Can you hear my phone? Okay.
Anyway. Okay. About affirmative action. Yes. About 20 years ago, I applied for a job at a major
trucking company. Yeah. And I had a date to go down and take a test, a written test, and a
road test. There's a man of color. There are two things saying, right? I outscored him on the
job. This is about it. It's been 20 years ago. It's about a $60,000 a year job. Right.
They told me to report Monday morning to get my physical and everything. Yeah. They call me
that Saturday. That's on a Friday. I just took the test. They called me back on the Saturday.
They told me they couldn't hire me because they had to have so many flags on the payroll.
Right. So I lost the job. How do you like that? And I outscored them on their
I think it's tough to be good. This crap stops right now. I'm with you. Amen. Good luck now.
All right. Good. If you're qualified, the idea of the notion that anybody else should get
some job or some opportunity ahead of you is so unacceptable and so road test and so
anything American until you're right now, it's unacceptable. Just on and on. Well, there's people
who are prejudiced. Let me say it again. There are people prejudiced against Jews,
against Gays, against all kinds of people. And you know something. We still somehow managed to
a squeak our way through. You're not looking for any special favors. Equal treatment. Yes.
Special favors. No. And I think that we got some people in this country who've been getting a
goddamn hand out for too long based on stuff that happened 50 years ago and 100 years ago
and 200 years ago long before they were everything even a goddamn idea. Much less born.
Call the crutch. Something we saw a lot of a week ago Saturday. It's a crutch.
If you can compete to get into school, if you can compete with somebody to get a job, great.
If you can get a, like the guy says, beat somebody on a test, get a higher score. Great. You should
be hired. And if you can't, too bad. Four minutes before noon at 560 WQA.
I don't know. I don't know.
Couple of what a classic. The other people you've got a fair, I can't really appreciate the fact that you
get any special benefits because of the horrors of the Holocaust and all these thousands of years
of persecution and discrimination. Are you getting any benefit at all? That was a brilliant call.
And you notice every time we get into a discussion that has anything to do with these kind of
topics, it's always comparative misery. Oh, well, to choose this and to convince that and the
smarts is this. You know what my response to that is? That's it. So I have to say about that.
Crap. Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I bring with you 100% on that.
Of course. That one caller there. Hey, you didn't get hired because you knew what you was doing
and you was exceptional. You got hired because you was Jew. Exactly. Isn't that amazing? You got
hired because you were qualified. That's right. They can't. They can't. They can't.
Rock circles around his stupid ass. That's correct. Exactly. If you could do the same show that I'm
doing right now, if he was articulate, if he had a wit, if he had a half a brain, he'd be doing a
show right here now, whether he's black or purple. Most definitely. Keep up the good work.
Now that caller is a shmithead. Oh, shmithead. Thank you, sir. Adios. God bless you. And happy ass
Wednesday too, while you're at it. Happy ass Wednesday. Everybody out there in the audience.
Or is it a hat? Maybe it's like young kipper. And of course, yeah, we screwed up bad.
Didn't bring in no ashes to a shmit on your forehead today. What tells wrong with you?
I got a cigar over here. Yeah, but you can't light that up in here because it's a non-smoking building.
And we don't want to start light and I have a suit smoking here because it might get in our equipment
and screw it up. How's Lioney doing, by the way?
I love it. I got news for you. There isn't one other show in America,
ANFNPM shortwave that gives you sounds like we do on a show. I'll tell you that. Man,
I'm reading this article. It isn't a hero, by the way, for Lady Colby Ford, but you really
have to scour it's way down. I mean way down the under in New Orleans. An article by Robert Sanchez.
And it says, one floor to protest your strand students. And they were surprised. They were shocked.
They didn't anticipate 573 since they only have 240 substitutes available. They were shocked.
So they didn't really have any idea till the very last minute how many work on a show up. So
basically, this is the way they run your school system in Dave County. Whenever these people who
and by the way, the district would have performed more notice, but school employees who wish to take
personal leave don't have to apply in advance as they do for vacation time or to justify their
absences they do for sick leave. So if they feel like, oh, well, guess what? In about five minutes,
I'm going to go up and get pissed off somewhere in protest. Then your kids are out of luck. That's
how much they care about your kids in the Dave County school system. Dr. Henry Fraud should be fired
right now. Right this minute. Don't get him a goddamn new weave. Piece of crap. Jerk, Jackass.
He's an asshole idiot. Can't complain about the education in Dave County because generally speaking,
there isn't any shame on you. Here's a mobile in the cable. Hello. Neil. Why do what he looks like
without that hair piece? Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? This whole affirmative action thing, there's
a couple of words for that self confidence and self esteem. All these people that are fighting for it,
they're just telling the whole world that they don't have self confidence and self esteem
What they're saying is that they can't compete. That's what they're saying they cannot compete.
And you know what I have a lot of black friends and I was surprised that most of them are against it,
just as you know, and also the bus drivers, if all those people were qualified,
they had the bus driver jobs, they wouldn't have gone to the protest. Obviously, those people
have benefits from affirmative action. Exactly. No question about it. They got the,
that's why they're pissed off. Exactly. They're afraid they're not going to be able to keep the jobs.
If somebody can really drive a bus, it's going to get a bad job. And I'm not a parent, but
and for any kind of parents out there, be a black minority, anybody benefiting from affirmative action,
how would you like somebody getting the job driving their sons to school that wasn't as qualified
as the other person because he's a minority? Exactly. That's exactly what we've got.
And it obviously goes to show you that we have people driving the buses because they're the ones
that are going to protest because they're the ones that benefit from affirmative action.
Right. So every day a parent puts her son on the school bus,
realize that how many did he say 300? 573. 573 people. I'd say at least 50% of those people,
gain from affirmative action because they were going to protest. So imagine that's 50% of those people
that could have, quote, 50% better qualified people could have been driving.
That is correct. Most of those bus drivers couldn't drive their finger up their ass.
Exactly. And have a great day. And happy S-Wins Day.
Thanks. And watch where you're rubbing. What is it? Only 340 bus drivers called in sick today
to participate. They're still participating. Yes.
Jesus. They're running on the news. All these parents are affected. They're being laid for work
to take their kids. So what do you do with that ash when you get it on your forehead? Just rub it?
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line. So they're still crapping away up there. And guess what the
threat is by the way now? The threat is we're going to have a boycott of citrus.
Now does that include watermelon, do you think? No.
Not citrus is it? No. But I mean it's like in the same family kind of,
huh? Related, distant relative. Now I think it's a squash or something.
Watermelon is a squash? I don't know. It's like spaghetti squash.
Now if I happen to be a little bit darker, I might like butternut squash.
Right? Don't the dark complexion folks like butternut squash?
Who you asking? Well, I would think you would know that. You got like a lot of dark blood flowing
through your veins. 56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Virginia Keigh. Hello. Hi, I'm Danielle. Yes, sir. I have been calling you
for a seven and a half years, I believe. Yes. And I've got seven and a half years. I worked
for a government office in the city with no medical benefits or benefits. In 94, I was offered
a position by my supervisor. They were trying to write me a position and the head of the center gave
it to a young black girl. He gave it to a young black girl? I don't know if they would find out
about that. I had no experience at all working with my supervisor or if they were working on the
work that she's involved in. And now this week that person left her job and when they tried
to write me into the same position, the management decided to get rid of the position and say that
they need the money elsewhere and they've kept me on without medical insurance, without benefits,
without sick leave, without having any time. And I started working here in March of 1990.
Yeah. So I don't know what's fair in that. For those of you out there, we think it's fair.
There's definitely no fairness in that as far as I'm concerned. I was more
quiet and more classified for the job and they were doing what I wanted to write me the job when
the job opened up. Yeah. So this is what happens when you're pamper and spoil people to try to make
up for the sins of the past. And you know, what you do is just create more sins and more imbalance
and more insanity. You can't do it. You create more, you do create more racial friction.
It's right. And it's right. And I'm sorry to say that it has slowly affected me and I hate
to even think about that. But I've been beaten over the head and I'm sorry, but I've quote it.
Have a great day, pal. Good luck. You know what they say? If you can't compete, you ain't going
to eat no meat. You're going to be in lots and lots of Kentucky fry. I'll tell you that. Where's
because you're not going to be able to afford no ground surloin. No, shout out to the owners. You
can't compete. So get you an education. Start changing all the priorities here and stop with the
crap. All of the Jews, this and the Jews that I don't I don't know of anybody unless they went to
work for Benay Brith or something like that. Whoever got hired, unless it was in a Hebrew school,
because they were Jewish. I don't know if anybody even interior designers and hairdressers,
whoever got hired specifically because they were gay. Do you know if anybody likes that? No.
No. Besides Carlos. Open line on the out of town line. 877, 785. Oh, that was a secret. I'm sorry.
I love this show.
No, it's a ghost. Don't sound so hot. You should be on your way.
I love this show.
Nothing.
Here in you without you here's waiting.
All you have to do is go hop on
Who paddle out and head to south
And see how to remind
So go back to Havana
It's only 90 miles
So go back and see Captain Buddy
On your brand new I love USA and the two
Cause you fly off in a suit
So go back to the end
It's so slow, you can't see
Your daddy and both grandma
He's a son
From 15 to 550 WQM Happy Wednesday
Speaking of ALEON, he's the topic of Republican letter in the state of Florida
An unwitting fundraiser for the Republican for a 40 year Florida
In a four-page letter written in Spanish and mailed of voters in South Florida
State Party chairman Al Cardinus Blast
The Clinton Gordon administration for bowing to Cuban President Fidel Castro in the boys' case
And the Florida Democratic Party is blasted right back
I'm surprised that chairman Cardinus would use this issue to collect money
Said, Screven Watson, the party's executive director
The Clinton administration has tried hard not to politicize the ALEON case
And keep it in legal system, he said
Now is that Screven or is that like a maybe one of those European, maybe it's screwin' his first name
Isn't that what your locales are always used to say when they asked him what he was doing?
Screven Watson?
Maybe it's screwin' Watson
But at any rate, so there's ALEON again
Being used and manipulated this poor little 60-year-old kid
And what's your name?
She's in this hospital suffering from fatigue and fat, Marius Leifas
Can we care about that bitch?
No
I've got a couple open lines on here which is pretty shocking to me, is it shocking at all?
No
No, and a couple that don't work
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line
Out of townlines, wait 9-year, that's been pretty weak again today
877-785-6345
How come we can have anybody from Palm Beach call on that line?
Explain us how up there if you're like between the age of 10 and 100
You got to fast a few meals today because it's ass Wednesday
But if you live in Dave County, you can eat your heart's content
Which I think they should at least take those kids to like Kentucky Friday
Some were all the school kids while they were cool in their heels, somewhere
Bring them some lunch, do something
That was heartbreaking, that was pathetic
Here's all these kids like lost children just wandering around waiting for somebody to come and pick them up
Take them somewhere
And these people don't give a fly and craft them or consider about Danny Moreno
Wait till you see, look at 40,000 of the responses on this on the website tomorrow
You watch, 50 million responses
Because that's all they give a crap about is stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic sports
Idiotic, exactly
Couldn't have said a better myself
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Is this meal?
Sounds like me
Alright, meal
My opinion on the affirmative action is this
Yes
I feel that, okay, we want to do a way with affirmative action because everything is equal after 30 years that it's being in place
You agree with that?
Everything is equal?
Yeah, after 30 years of affirmative action being in place, we think that it's equal
I didn't say anything is equal, I said it doesn't work
Okay, the thing is that black people in this country have been discriminated against from day one
No other race has arrived on the boat in chains
If you know one, you can let me know my history is a little shaky on that issue
Are black people wearing chains today? Are they in shackles and chains?
They're not in shackles and chains today because it won't be allowed
Let me ask you that thing, is it that thing?
That's a bad thing for sure not to wear a thing
Back in the early 50s when we had the McCarthy witch hunts in this country and all those writers and all of them
We had all the red baiting going on and all the witch hunts looking for commies under every rock
Was it black people who lost their jobs then or was it Jews?
Well, let me ask you this
That was less than 50 years ago
You're talking about something happened three hundred years ago
I feel that you should do away with affirmative action
Yeah, then also do it the race question on applications
When you find it out, why is this not an important reason?
Why would they race religion instead of anybody's business? That's correct
Right, there you go
And the thing is, if you're interviewing, well set up a system to where you don't know who you're interviewing
You don't know whether the person is not Chinese
That's right, you're in the kitchen, where ever you can wear a hook over there
The situation they turn and then they're in the kitchen
John Rocker Hood
Well, there you go
Okay, that's my comment on that I push you into show and everyone has their opinions
And I'll pray for us
All right, okay
Take it easy
Especially on Ask Wednesday
Monestana Halala Hazed
Don't you say the Ask Wednesday?
No, how about Purim?
No, I'm going to keep trying to life on just the right holiday
Monestana Halala Hazed
Nicole Halle, those beret pre-hug off and have some wine
Try to wine, never drink wine, there's nobody said something like that
See, I get those all lumped in their mix and together
It's like popcorn orange
You should have been drinking the wine
And it's push flop right over there and then God damn spaghetti bowl
Here's Miami, hello
Yeah, I know
Yes sir
How the hell the black people get pampered?
What do you mean by that?
That's when we be pampered
So you know what, pamper is our sir?
Not pamper, pampered
Yeah
People who get jobs just because of the color of their skin
That's called pampering somebody
If you can qualify for the job then more power through you
Okay, so what part of that don't you understand?
Okay, women had affirmative action am I correct?
Yeah
Okay, so what?
That's got to end too
So what's wrong with that?
There's very much something wrong with that
What was wrong with giving women affirmative action?
Sir, let me say it again
Right, let me say it
What is the right to vote got to do with affirmative action
With a job or a place in school?
What does one have to do with the other?
You see, what you're doing right now Neil is putting...
And pressing my opinion is what I'm doing
Exactly, and you're putting...
You're putting that in a way
And your opinion is very dangerous because...
Oh, my opinion is dangerous because it doesn't coincide with yours
Maybe your opinion is dangerous, how do you like that?
Your stuff, and think about that?
Because it's putting the wrong ideas in the minds of people
That's what you're doing
Sir, I'm going to tell you right now
We're going to take a poll tomorrow on this on our website
And I guarantee you because they've already done the poll statewide
The overwhelming majority of people in this country, in this state, in this town
are very, very strongly opposed to affirmative action
Because the people in this country are old white people
Old white people
That's right, but the majority of people in this country are old white people
The majority of people in Florida, we know it, are old retired fat fat
What about it? What about it? What about it? What about it? What about it? What about it? What about the rest of the country?
What do you mean what about the rest of the country?
The rest of the country fit black people
That's why they don't want us to be on top
Because they don't want to be on top?
That's right
Well, it sounds to me like you're maybe like to sit on the bottom
You fear us
You fear us
And in the end, we will be on top
You'll be on top of what?
That's right
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you, I'm talking to you
Okay, pal, that's my suggestion to you
Pound pork
He wants to be on top
What do you know he wants to be on top or on the bottom?
Who's going to be on top?
Roy
I hope they have a good time
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Uncle Leo, how are you?
Okay sir
Listen, I'm glad you're bringing this up
Because this is something that's been bugging me
About this issue for a long time
And the last thing is nauseating
His attitude was grotesque
Well, it's called ignorance
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It's a rob-
It boils down to intelligence and ignorance.
You know, the ignorant people stand up there and say,
Oh, affirmative action is the only way that we're going to be able to beat racism
Because the white man is ruling supreme.
And that's a bunch of melarchy.
I mean, there are so many intelligent, well-educated people of every color, of every race, of every male, female animal vegetable.
It doesn't matter.
You know, the people with intelligence are the ones that are going to wind up on top.
Not the people that are out there fighting false battles that occurred 250 years ago.
There you go.
All right, listen up.
And have a great day.
Yeah, you do the same.
And say how to Charlton, Heston, and Ronald Reagan, and all those other turncotes in Hollywood, all those assholes, all those backstabbers.
That we're snitching on everybody allegedly.
Even people who weren't God then comey, pinko, whatever, and hell, we're back in the 50s.
You son of a bitch.
Exactly.
That's in my lifetime.
That's not that many years ago.
We're not talking about people in chains and shackles.
We're talking about blatant discrimination.
And then, of course, we can go into the fact things since this guy's so concerned about things.
We can talk about that.
Is that our most of the people still in the closet last time I checked it, the reason they're still in the closets are is because they're terrified.
You talk about being terrified.
They're scared, crapless.
Because we live in a homophobic knee-and-r-thal society.
Where most people would like to be out of the closet, but they don't dare to do it.
There was a day that goes by that people don't get fired because of the whether it's in the military, whether it's in civilian life, where the hell it is that people don't get can't lose their jobs.
Because somebody finds out that they're a fag.
And you want to know why my dark, complexed friend because...
That's the American fag way.
Exactly.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
This old fag.
I'm starting my own show like Bob Dealer only minds it'll be called This Old Fag.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
This has been an amazing adventure for me this whole year.
And along the way, there have been so many people that have made me feel so special.
So I want to take this opportunity next and so special.
First, I like to take my classic surgeon for taking me from those poor little A-Cups.
These nice, poor feet.
I want to take my dad as a suggestion and idea.
And being the first one to tell me that yes, they do look real.
I want to take my manager for forging my mom's signature of the In-Sync In-Sync form.
And I want to thank you all for appreciating my music.
You're what?
Okay, my good.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, it's the 1231 to 560 WQM.
This overhead keeps getting lower and lower and I keep pranking it up higher and higher and higher.
And it's just a piece of crap.
Now, everything else in here.
How's line A doing, by the way?
We check that lately.
Oh, wait a minute.
It might just actually work like voice working to line one.
So full.
So here's our update on our poll question today.
I'm Neil Ranges.com.
That's any ILRRGERS all on word.com.
And we'd like to get at least a thousand votes on this by tomorrow.
Question they should Dan Marino retire 112 so far.
That's 55.4%.
Signed with a Vikings 57 at 33.1% of turd.
And it's playing other with the dolphins only 22, 10.8%.
And I guess the reason that it's that low is probably because most people out there realize that ain't going to happen.
In spite of what any Jones says that often they're again as usual just like they told us that down she will be tired.
Right. Right Wayne.
And you know Wayne would never lie to us.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I'll tell you, I think we ought to take all these first of all all these bus drivers.
What do you think the percentage of them that got the job through affirmative action was 100?
What do you want to say about you asked me?
I'm giving you a serious answer.
I know you agree with me.
And I've dealt with a lot of state agencies.
I mean, you know, I'm the car business that goes to state agencies every day to get license plates and everything.
And these people don't even want to work when you go there.
Yeah.
I think we should take the buses.
Another 300 that today George tells me was on a local news.
Now another 300 went up there to Tallahassee under busman's journey up there.
They're singing a song to dance for the governor.
And meanwhile, so we got a whole bunch more kids that are straight in the middle of nowhere.
That's ridiculous.
I think we should we should have all the Catholic people that took off today to get their asses.
Go pick up the kids, take them to school.
There you go.
Next one idea.
The only problem with that is don't let the priest do it.
Fill the buses up.
Never see those kids again.
I bet you know a few pre we should fill up the buses full of full of the affirmative action people and run over Danorino.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the 18 T wireless lines.
So you get into real trouble when you start with a comedy software when you try to be doing a little sit down comedy.
And you start just rambling on singing coherent crap.
And you can even like smell it.
Can't you smell it?
Uh-huh.
Here's the mobile and four lot of Dale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
I'm a black person who spoke to you before about issues.
I'm not from down here.
So it's a different ball game down here because I'm from Chicago.
Oh, that's old.
Different story.
Yeah.
It is.
You got you people all jammed out there in a home wooden sister room.
Oh, well, I know about I'm from Chicago.
I know about home work.
And I'm self-employed.
I make over $100,000 a year.
There you go.
And but it's one thing about it is that not be brought into this issue.
I know that young black guy who was in there before he kind of went over bored with his outlook on it.
With his racist.
Yeah, that's not the real issue yet.
The real issue here is that the first 10 Bill of rights here that everybody was a citizen.
And the country has the right to vote, but it took a minimum of $100,000.
80 years later.
It is in the Bill of rights that everybody who's a citizen has got a right to vote.
Right.
Right.
What does it say that?
Erick.
Equal representation.
Is that what that means?
That's a representation.
What does that got to do with one person?
That doesn't say everybody's got to write it out.
You first thought you had it.
You had to be in mail and you had it on land.
Only mail landowners could vote in colonial days.
If okay, then that's the thing that's caught in the Tigris and women couldn't vote.
That's okay.
That ain't true now.
You ain't got no cotton-ticking vote, man.
I got a vote, but I know what you're trying to be side-cat.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
But don't get my news.
No, there ain't no vote.
If not on the book.
The law is not on the book, too, and force people.
Because let's say that what happened out there, Andrew, they found out that after Andrew,
because there was 30 years before the lab hurricane, that all the builders, the size and change,
whatever they want to in that 30 years, were comfortable with having to stop them from doing it.
And then it took a hurricane to find out that they had been not doing it right.
So what happened with the price of peas?
What are we talking about?
Okay.
What I'm talking about is 30 years only been the...
You want to hire people.
All the people who are complaining about affirmative exactions.
A 30 years old were called fair rights that didn't work.
It took 180 years to even get along the book.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
But I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
I'm not sure if it was the right time.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
That's all it's been done.
Sorry.
You're just screaming.
I don't have time to deal with assholes like you.
Okay, pal.
Screaming and hollering and carrying on.
You're a maniac.
He's hysterical.
Just like Connie and Godfather.
He's hysterical.
I think we need Luca Bronchu to take care of his problems.
Nania.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So in other words, what he's saying is it's okay
that those Jews, those commy-tincoed Jews allege.
All lost their jobs and got drummed out of Hollywood back in the 50s.
Brilliant people, talented people, people who had something to get important to contribute to the society.
That was okay.
So then they could come back down with ordinary folks and sweep the floor.
See, sir, if that's all you're qualified to do is sweep the floor,
then that's probably what you're going to be doing.
Is sweeping the floor.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes.
I just wanted to say I'm a white American.
I agree with the firmament of action myself.
Hello?
I'm listening.
Okay.
I don't know why you're being so racist today that normally I like this.
Well, let me remind you of why is it racist to be against the firmament of action?
I'm for everybody getting a fair shake, competing on equal footing.
Who's doing the hiring?
I beg your pardon?
Who's doing the hiring?
Whoever owns the businesses is doing the hiring.
Okay.
And who owns the majority of the business in America?
Well, so what does that mean?
You're telling me that until the day comes that my name is that,
who hires Chinese people?
Who hires?
Let me ask you, do we have affirmative action for the Vietnamese refugees that came here?
No, we don't.
For the Koreans?
I don't know.
No, the answer is no.
For the Chinese, you're still queer.
Oh, okay.
Great.
See, there you are.
And I'm sitting here making a lot of money and what about you, pal?
Loser is the word that comes to mind immediately.
And I'm still queer and very happy about it.
And you're out there losing sweeping floors.
Or maybe probably unemployed since you got time to call the show.
22 before 1 at 5, 60 W at a QA.
A lot of foot fingers are left.
Wilson, do you know the addition of inside life with sport holds?
Draisepan nasal mist is our guest today.
Yo, Dre.
Yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed
and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told, but the big,
black and woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on over and under and under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told, but the big,
black and woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those
MCI spots?
And they say you're getting close to signing that contract.
I don't know what I've been told, but the big,
black and woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big,
black and woman ain't got no thought.
We'll be back with more inside lifeless,
board holds 1244-562-WQML affirmative action.
The answer is no, forget it.
No, see, if you've got an education, if you're qualified, if you can compete, you're not worried.
You're not paranoid about that.
But if you're dumb, if you're uneducated, if you can just do sweep floors,
see most people don't want to just sweep floors.
They want to have a job that they're way underqualified for just because somebody's making up for something that happened two, three hundred years ago that had absolutely nothing to do with them.
And let me say it again, as a fat, aging Jew flag,
I know all about discrimination and I don't expect any special favors.
Just a phone system that works would be nice.
How come another more there?
I'll say they're all holding.
None of them say anything.
Here's a mobile and Stuart. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have to disagree with one of the previous scholars that said,
people who are pro-affirmative action are just afraid to compete.
I think that's true of some of them, but I think a lot of them are afraid they won't give the chance to compete.
If there's not some other program, which I'd like to propose right now,
which would be affirmative fairness, which just means if it can be shown that you are qualified or equally or better qualified,
I didn't get the job or the opportunity.
And how do you prove that?
Well, I don't know.
Well, I don't think this is about the public practice in Florida.
Yeah, Bush's new program.
I have no choice.
They'll take pay off for anybody.
If you've got the money to bribe the people down here, especially in Dave County,
they don't care what color you are.
Well, that's probably true.
That is correct.
That's not right.
That's not correct.
I didn't say I was right.
I'm just telling you the way it works.
That's the way business is done down here.
Okay, well, okay, but on affirmative action, I agree it has to be ended.
Reverse discrimination is not the answer, but we do need to some way address when, like,
for example, it's been shown in studies that blacks or dark skin people are turned down
for loans when they are adjusted.
They have the same income and same qualification for the white person.
I mean, that kind of thing needs to be addressed.
All they need is equal opportunity, not a handout.
And if we get some kind of program like that, I think in time, the prejudice will take
care of itself and generations go on.
How many generations?
Another 100 years, 200 years, 500 years?
I don't know how many they'll take, but as long as you're just saying you have to treat
people fairly, not special treatment.
That is correct.
That's precisely correct.
Right.
And the same people that are screaming and hollering right now with Governor Bush, if they
were more concerned, see how come those people aren't concerned about the education system
and all about the school bus drivers that took off to go up there to be rabble rouses
the last two days?
How come they're not always screaming about how bad education is and how we have social
promotion and about how some of the young people blacks in particular, in particular, are
advanced from one grade to another when they can't even speak English properly, much less
getting a meaningful education.
Where's the protest about that?
Well, you're right.
There should be.
I think there's a lot of hysteria around this issue because people are afraid that they
won't, you know, well, obviously there's a significant percentage that aren't qualified,
aren't educated.
I mean, that's not all this complicated.
Okay, let me just spell it out for you.
Somebody who's competing for a job right now, who's 25, 30 years old, whatever they might
be, they're not willing to sit back and wait till some future generation, maybe in 100
years, has the opportunity to get that job even though they're qualified.
They want it now.
They only have one life to live like the soap opera says and they want to have the chance
to live it now.
Period.
Simple as that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
On the 18 T wireless line, out of town, on his open 877, 785, 6345.
All lines working.
This hour.
Wow, what a shock.
Now, next hour we can vouch for.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir, you know, you never hear these dockies like the Reverend just don't you're sinned
or a sharpie sharp and never talk about black on black crime.
We're not talking about crime today, sir.
My bigoted hysterical friend.
We're not talking about crime today.
Talking about affirmative action.
But thank you.
We don't have to worry about competing with the rocket scientist like you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T line, out of town line, 877, 785, 6345.
You know, this show, I'm telling you, even though it's an entertainment show like I told
the Bozo before, the education I get every day is staggering.
It's amazing and get paid for it to get this education about how many morons there are
for square inch out there, not just in this town, but just generally speaking in the
world.
And of course, this country, we're number one in that.
We, we lead the world and morons per square inch.
We specialize at it.
You know, another word that I'm getting really sick and tired that's coming just like
the generation X's, all these cliches, the media comes up with these categories.
The new fancy, shmancy word is retro.
Everything is retro.
I saw an article in a paper the other day that made me want to vomit right on the page
about how the return of the quichos in the reason for their popularity.
It's partly retro movement in America today.
We want to turn the clock back and go back to a simpler, com or more peaceful time when
a quichos were refined.
Has nothing to do with that.
Has to do with one word, which is even the name of one of the shows greed.
That's what it has to do with.
That's what it's all about greed.
Retro my fat ass.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I have a lot of friends that say that the black people in this country have met
all during segregation.
For the simple fact that they were educated by black teachers that wanted to teach them.
And they were those who did go to school were educated by people who wanted to learn.
That's not the truth nowadays.
Nowadays the kid that goes to Edison is not given the same education as the kid that goes
to Colby.
And that's the truth.
Yeah.
Now, if you fix the education problem.
And I would say this to you, sir, also as a result of affirmative action, we have a
lot of black principals and teachers who can't speak English themselves and have no business
being an organization.
That's the self-fulfilling process.
Right.
That's right.
But the fact that matter, the affirmative action was created because educated people were
not being given the opportunity.
Now you have uneducated people because the system has been corrupted that are getting
opportunities.
And that's not going to change.
And if you continue to promote teachers that can't pass this test that Governor Bush
won, everyone wants to do this to pass the BT to start a going to teach these children
to speak properly, to be able to communicate, to be able to compete.
Right.
The Jewish people, I thought, did the best thing.
Every place they went, they've established their own schools and taught their own children.
Every place they went, they established their own schools.
And I thought, and I thought they're own children.
And you're, where is this?
Where did Jews have other than Hebrews?
Jewish schools, which most Jewish kids don't go to, where did they establish their own
schools in this country?
What are you talking about?
There's a lot of money.
There's a Jewish school.
All right.
Every, every, every.
Sorry.
Let me ask you seriously.
What percentage off the top of your head?
What percentage of Jewish kids in this town do you think go to Jewish schools?
The ones with the money, a large percentage.
That's over 100%.
Over 100, okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
George, did you write that down?
Over 100%.
No, I'm serious.
I want to leave a little dead air there so that can penetrate all of your minds because
I was never aware of that.
And maybe we have to take a poll on this one day.
You have a good poll question?
Over 100% of all Jewish kids from families with money go to Jewish schools because Jews
have started their own schools, educate their own kids.
Do that news to me?
I went to Brighton Elementary School and Rochester, New York.
I had a lot of Jews in that school.
And it wasn't it was it a Jewish school?
No.
No, we had plenty of go in.
And then I went to Canada where can't I be in Canada when you're high school.
And we didn't have a lot of Jewish kids in there because they're a lot of like Canada's
Jews in the whole town, but nevertheless did I go to a Jewish school?
No.
No.
And look what a genius I turned out to be.
Take a look at me.
If you got a strong stomach.
Over 100% what's there to say at this point?
Well, how much over?
I say go home.
That's what I say.
Go home.
Let's get out of here.
Let's talk to our good close personal friend that we haven't heard from in a very long
time.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hi, Neil.
I'm calling in from Durham, North Carolina.
I'm listening to the Internet.
I've got this.
I noticed you're talking about affirmative action.
I've got this item that came off the Internet.
It's something about Al Gore in the meeting at the White House of this gentleman, Ward
Connolly, who's written a book called Creating Equal, My Fight Against Race Preferences.
And he gives a little interesting story here about his meeting with Clinton and Gore.
I was going to fax it to you.
It's got a couple of paragraphs.
But basically it's titled Gore's Squeeze Play.
And it tells about this weird handshake that Al Gore, he says, Al Gore grabbed my hand.
But instead of shaking it, he ground my palm and fingers in his grip as hard as he
could.
I felt the car that's compressed and almost cried out.
Okay, great.
Well, that's a good news.
Oh, it's the secret handshake.
Maybe he's a Mason.
Yeah.
He gave one of these with the middle finger there on the palm of the hands.
Is that what he was talking about?
Yeah, I think so.
She was from North Carolina, Durham, Los.
Your favorite state, Durham, North, that's NORF.
That's your favorite.
Carolina.
Next to Montana.
Joe.
1877, 785, 6345.
Is that number on the Durham, North Carolina line?
He's got the secret handshake.
He was squeezing the cartilage out of his bone.
I got a line for that, but I'll wait till I see JP later on.
Here's the mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I think everyone should read the chapter diagnostic in the alcoholics and out of this
book.
The what?
The chapter to the agnostic and the alcoholics book.
Yeah, a book.
And that's all.
What does that mean?
Well, there's too many alcoholics in this kind of.
Okay, great.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
What did the guy say?
That's what it sounded like to me.
Here's a mobile and Pember pine.
Hello.
Over 100%.
Yeah.
I'm still trying to figure out.
Have you observed that yet?
Has it penetrated your skull?
You better get with it, man.
Oh, I was.
He was.
I know he was doing something.
Over 100%.
I guess there's some people, you know, faking to be Jewish or something.
But anyway, there's a lot of schools that are disguising the fact that they're
a Jewish school.
There you go.
Neil, quick point about a summer of action.
I'm a firefighter, student to be off to the great Pacific Northwest.
Yes, sir.
Metro Miami, Dade.
The scary part about summer of action, we got guys coming in here.
As paramedics, it's supposed to be saving people's lives that are clueless and sit around
the firehouse in ditch and moan about how they should be getting paid more.
I'm not saying every single one of it's not a blanket statement.
No, it's good.
Is more than 100%.
Less than 100%.
Okay.
Probably right about 67%.
Okay.
Of the affirmative action hires.
It's scary.
It is scary.
These people are still, and they're being covered for you, cannot get rid of them.
Right.
And they're supposed to be out saving lives.
Okay.
In fact, many of these people, they like the one I was talking about before, they dare
you.
They're so arrogant and obnoxious about it.
They dare you.
You just try to get rid of me.
I'll drag your ass in the court so fast.
You know what?
What?
It's just the cockiness is unbelievable.
Right.
But, you know, I just want to make that point.
When they're off into, you know, a poor section of town, and it's your mother just trying
to, you know, go and get, is going down from a heart attack.
And you guys can't even start an IV.
Good luck.
Okay.
There's your affirmative action.
Good day, sir.
Good luck, pal.
He's pissed.
He's hostile.
He's psychotic.
Is it?
Uh-huh.
And rightfully so.
Out of town line is waiting on you.
Like in Fort Myers over there.
They don't like the dark folks over there too much in Fort Myers.
Do they?
No.
No.
They have affirmative action for their sheep over there.
I do think 877-785-6345 will run to West Coast where the beesleaves are.
In fact, if you roll down your window, I know they're in Naples.
But even in Fort Myers, because it kind of like goes downwind.
Yeah, you can smell it.
That's the beesleaves.
Oh boy.
It's the one to two hour.
I'm still in peace for Daddy ZC.
Mom's in high school.
I go to grandma's house and I call her to three.
She's watching you.
We're gonna see ZC.
Grandma has got it in a seat and help feed her poor.
She's gonna ask me the children of his family Grandma's 34.
When mom goes to four, she needs to say goodbye ZC.
Get your dad to nine.
Mommy has two years younger than me.
My uncle's birthday was that sticky key.
It's mommy it's lucky and bring someone home.
I sleep on the floor.
I have two younger brothers.
I'll see another and grandma's 34.
Oh man, 102 at 560 W.C.
I'm so this crazy woman.
I just called her a while ago from North Carolina.
Guess where this is from.
She presents me the facts.
Duke Law University Tower.
It's from Duke University.
She's probably a professor or something or a library person.
So she sends me the facts and she neglected to tell us on the air, of course.
Maybe she thinks maybe the ice that is going so I won't see where this article is from.
The national review.
That right wing ultra right wing rag.
Piece of crap.
About how Al Gore grabbed this black guy's hand instead of shaking ground my palm and fingers in his grip as hard as he could and you had a add the Judas hand squeeze.
You put on it.
Lady, you need some mental help soon.
Serious help.
Crazy person and take Bill Buckley with you by the way.
Take him to church.
Maybe you can save an altar boy.
Here's a fact that makes a very good point.
It says the 360 bus drivers called in sick today to be at the protest.
They're defrauding the county.
Their county employees paid by our tax dollars are using six time fraudulently.
Time card fraud is a dismissible offense excellent point in addition to which you see what really frost my asses.
Those people know how many substitute drivers there are.
So they knew ahead of time that there wouldn't be enough substitute drivers to get all the kids to and from the school.
And to take care of them in time for their exams in time to make sure they get home safe and all the other things that these kids are interested in.
See, this is what this is not some kind of a horse ball job.
You're interesting the safety of your children to these people.
Most of them couldn't drive their finger up their ass because I see them all the time.
I got right on my corner there right at my house.
Is a bus stop for like three or four days, at least three or four different groups of kids, different schools.
So the buses are all over on my street.
See them all the time every day encounter them on a highway.
And what passes for driving, of course, why should they be any different from all the other drivers down here, but you think that they'd have to be.
Are they better? No, they're worse.
Interesting the safety of your children, but hey, we can't be bothered when they screw them.
We got our own agenda to take care of here.
So that a bunch of other incompetent people can start driving your kids around too after we're all done.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir.
Can you have time for a fiery pork before more no firm in a election? About what?
With a two in the morning on the other station, they they stole first time long time.
Now they're stealing your screen list. Yeah, okay, great. Hey, king.
Hey, you steal a brain like Frankenstein did that, you know, Dr. Frankenstein. He stole a brain.
It wasn't very good one, but I think in your case couldn't hurt.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. I'm this affirmative action.
The whole point that I think that a lot of people are missing is that they keep saying it should be equal for all.
Well, we're without affirmative action. It isn't equal for all.
And, you know, I don't particularly like affirmative action either, but I don't believe that if it's gone, it's gonna, that's gonna make anything any better.
Because there's still places in this country that I can't live. There's still places. For example, take that call that call before.
He said that day that's a black for faith to compete. And then later on in his statement, he says that without getting into stereotypes, some are just worship this amazing.
Now imagine that's the guy that's gonna interview me.
I was just watching CNN here. I'm going to go and I told George they had representative Shirley Jackson Lee from Texas on there.
Remember a congress who happens to be black was one of my very favorite. He's a democratic congressman, a brilliant woman, a very articular woman.
Now, how did she get there?
I believe we hope there are always people that there are people that will always succeed. And I myself am successful.
Yeah.
What I'm saying to you is that that is not the majority. I can't be in a place.
I'll show you. There are places that I can go buy a house and live in some very nice neighborhoods. And then there are others that I can't.
So for every one of us that may have made it, there's another one that's being turned away.
For every, you know, I did another call to tell you about how the people that they do hire or lazy or they can't start an IV.
Paramedics, you were talking about paramedics.
But see that's another thing. You think he was just making it up because he's a bigot?
No, but why did he say it?
Well, because this is the thing, another thing I think people are trapped in, they believe that the only people trying to get these jobs are unqualified black people.
And that's not true. This whole thing started because qualified black people couldn't get jobs.
Yeah. What about qualified white people who are getting the jobs because unqualified black people are getting them? What about them?
Well, what about the blacks? That's the whole thing. If you're hiring the best person to begin with, then we don't have to worry about it.
But the fact is that you're not hiring the best person to begin with.
And you know something, affirmative action has made that a thousand times worse. That's the problem. That's correct.
But I think much worse. Much, much worse.
I agree to a certain extent.
I don't think it's a better...
It's not a debatable point. It's a fact. I mean, it's well documented.
The fact that we've had affirmative action means that all sorts of people who are glaringly unqualified are in positions, and in many of them, like sensitive positions, like paramedics, where human life is at stake, nurses in hospitals,
all kinds of jobs that they're eminently unqualified to do.
Right. But I'm not calling to defend affirmative action.
Well, what about them? What are you saying?
What I'm trying to say is that it is not enough to criticize Navy Shiflas black people to get on you and say,
I'm not going to criticize them. I'm not giving you an education is what I'm saying.
I'm too not an advocate. But I'm talking about you. I'm talking about lazy Shiflas, what you keep referring to, wherever they are.
Right. But my point is that it has to be fair for real.
And I think another caller called and said that they need a system to justify fairness.
I agree. Let me just tell you what they will pick. I worked for companies that when the new management took over, they began to fire people,
and amazingly enough, there was all black people, all qualified black people.
We have to take them to court, and we want a big settlement from them, and they have to shut down the company.
That should have never happened. The guy should have realized that he had qualified people.
That's the whole point. There are people who are qualified who do look for jobs and just don't get them.
Jimmy Carter said it when I look in the mirror, I'm well aware of it. Life isn't fair. It isn't always fair.
You got to do the best you can. I look at Enrique Iglesias on the video there, and then I look in the mirror, and I say, life isn't fair.
But I do the best I can, and so far not too bad.
Even as after one is 560 WQM. Oh my God!
New York is where she wants to go.
To the status-fighter's big goal.
To pass the throne in the palace.
Ratham's over-swashing her. I give it a wrap.
I want to do your feet on mine one day.
I hear that door to road looks great white way. I want more exotic food.
From the street vendor to Seville potato thing.
Look, Asian horse.
Strength craft stores. I like arson stores.
What's more? I want a divorce. I want all of New York's.
I want all of the American shopping fairs.
One for 14 at 560 WQM. N seria I see the NHL players are trying to get even that time with N.F.F. and baseball and others
both are the spot-away scumbags.
First you got Martin Macsorilly who got criminal charges for his bashing of Donal صr.
Mrcirone at AIG game.
Van Kubor of criminal charge.
He doesn't need the emotions.
He can't do it with anything, if he four пять немes they can.
He could face the maximum of 18 months in JALO.
Now, police use maestas of due balfour.
Now, the star's goalie, Ed Balfour, was arrested early when they charged with assault
and resisting arrest after a scuffle with a security guard, enough scale hotel and a restaurant
complex.
The 34-year-old gold tender was detained following the apparent attack on the employee at the
mansion of Turtle Creek Hotel.
Police reports that officers had sprayed the two-time hesitant trophy winner with maestas
to get him to release the guard from a headlock.
Balfour was booked out of misdemeanor charges and released in $500 bail, said Ed Spencer's
books and for the Dallas County Sheriff's Office.
Stars' general manager Bob Genie issued the following statement.
The stars take the matter involving Ed Balfour seriously and express concern for everyone
involved, but he never stole a freight train or something like that.
And it goes on and on.
There you go.
Let's get a few scumbags in hockey, too.
What do you say?
Let's not leave it all to the NFL.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the other town line, 8, 7, 7, see, I don't understand.
I mean, it's great killing a lot of good time and I'm sure this conversation will go on.
Everybody get whipped up to a friend's you about it.
There's nothing complicated about it.
You do the best you can.
You get an education.
You go out there, compete on your skills.
And yeah, there are going to be people who try to discriminate against you, but blacks aren't
the only minority group that have been discriminated against in this country and aren't the only
ones who ever will be.
Education.
You go out there and you compete.
You kill them with ability is what you do.
All these guys in the NFL, all the dark, complex, and guys, they're not going to hire because
they're black.
They get hired because they can because they have athletic ability.
So guess what?
If they had, if they had ability to be doctors, to be lawyers, to be journalists, to be whatever
they are, they'd be getting those jobs.
And yeah, they got a tougher fight, but so do a lot of the rest of us.
Here's little Joey, who by the way is another drug peddler.
Well, let's get back to the affirmative action.
How's your lovely wife doing?
That's what I was about to talk to you about.
She's doing great.
She sends you her regards.
But in the day county public school system, interesting story.
In the school that she works at, we're not going to name names.
There is a way teachers are getting out of being transferred or put in positions that they don't want to.
And this is a school where there's probably less than half a percent if that of any black student.
Now this isn't one of those Jewish schools, is it?
No, no, this is a day county public school or a metric school.
And the way the teachers are doing it and people do it all throughout the system is that they put down
themselves as being black on their applications or on their records so that they have to fill a certain
quota of that you need certain minorities in positions.
And in her school, there's probably about 35 teachers who are wider than snow who are of black ethnicity on their applications
and they cannot be moved, they can't be touched.
And if you look through this, that's fraud.
I'm sorry?
That's fraud.
That's fraud.
Yeah.
They get away with all of that and they go back and when they hear their little colleagues doing that, they go back and they go into their records and change from
Hispanic or whatever they are to black.
And once that happens, that's it.
They're pretty much like entrenched in when they're positioned and they're going to have to have the enact of God to remove them from there.
That's a new kind of tenure, I guess.
So they pretty much secured their own jobs by going ahead and saying that they're black.
So it's amazing the things that people do and then they complain about, you know, I mean, it's mind boggling and it's all moral for this getting rid of this from their back.
They try to go.
And then they do the same things because if you look at Miami, let's say Miami in general, the population, you would think that if you go by the employment and the different categories and ethnicity that you have, they would say that there's about 65% right now who are registered as black employees and that's not a reflection of our community.
I mean, maybe in Detroit or something, but not in Miami.
Well, you better check again, man, we produce some pretty fast joint.
I just thought I'd share that with good luck.
Take care.
5 6 7 0 5 60 birth control.
Can we going to say that again?
Birth control.
Come on.
Say it again. Say it with me.
Birth control.
Stop making so many babies.
Birth control.
See, this is where you got all these people like the Pope and all these other than the Andesaws and then of course the lack of education.
Dumness makes for lots of babies.
It's tragic.
Dumb people making more dumb people.
There's only so many.
There's so much room for the studio audience.
A jury, a springer and Jenny Jones and more.
And I'll show.
There's only so many seats in the studio audience.
Only so many spots in the NBA.
Dumb.
Dumb people making too many babies.
Poor people making too many babies.
Crack babies.
It's pathetic.
So you can say queer and fag and all this other stuff.
Can't play less for making all those babies.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Okay.
Listen, when you were talking about, well, let me put it down a little bit on this right now.
But, uh,
Never less.
Never less.
What the people are trying to say is when they put, uh,
when they want to take out affirmative action, you have to put another three.
And then, uh,
You have to put another system in place at the moment.
I mean, if you pull it out right now,
If you pull it out right now,
What if you pull it out right now?
You don't believe people hanging.
If you pull it out right now, it might be hanging.
So, you know, what are we, what are we supposed to do about that?
We've got to get a system before we do that.
What do you mean by leaving people hanging?
What does that mean?
Well, I, you pull up the affirmative action and, uh,
All of a sudden, you know, people are going to stop firing people and, you know,
these, these, these, uh, black people are going to be fired.
But, let me ask you something.
How many black people who have jobs right now who are qualified to do a job,
who are doing a good job?
Do you really think that a lot of those people are going to lose their jobs?
Unfortunately, yes, I do.
People that are doing a job who are doing a good job?
You're realistically,
I don't have a majority of them will.
No, I have a majority of them will.
More than 100 percent?
Well, no, I'm not going to go that far.
Oh, and another thing, you know, when people go up for applications,
You say that, that, uh, gays are discriminated against.
Of course.
And Jews are, but, you know, you can change your name.
And a gays can make believe that he's not gay, but you can't change a color.
I mean, when you go up there and go face to face to a person,
I'll be right there.
You cannot change a color.
You can change your name.
You can say I'm not Jewish.
I got news for, there are many, there are, first of all, there are many Jews who have
mannerisms that make it very obvious that they're Jewish.
There are many gay people, as you know, who are not, not the majority,
but there are many gay people, men who have very effeminate mannerisms
or women who are very, very butch, uh, who are obvious.
We don't need to put it down.
They, they can't hide it.
All right.
That's, uh, I don't want to look at the face.
Okay.
Never break it.
See this, this, this business about we can't change it, we can't change it.
You know something?
We can argue that for the rest of the time.
It doesn't make any difference.
You've got to get a brand.
You've got to be able to go out there and compete.
You could argue with me from now until they stick me in a goddamn box.
It isn't going to make any difference.
This isn't rocket science.
You want me to hire you to do a job if you can do it.
And of course, if you're young and good, look at all hire.
See now, there's another whole thing.
How about, how about ugly people?
I guarantee you that it helps a lot more ugly people fail to get a job that they're qualified for.
Then blacks or Jews or anybody else.
You're going to hire women.
You bet your sweet ass.
They're going to hire some hot looking bitch that comes in for that job.
That's right.
That's what George says.
Oh, no, no, ugly bitch.
Come in here and be my intern.
There you go.
Just fly in just like me.
If I got like three guys, if George like takes off tomorrow to go North Carolina,
they will open up a dude ranch or whatever.
Oh, I love when you're on with George, I was a joke home and dude on there.
I love that.
I get goosebumps.
But anyway, no seriously.
If George should leave tomorrow, get run over by a Mack truck.
God forbid, whatever.
And I got like 10 guys coming here to replace him.
Am I going to hire the young, the young guy that looks the best?
That may not be qualified.
Uh-huh.
You bet.
Well, now you're laughing, but I'll be honest with you.
I'm going to hire somebody who's going to look at in there every day.
I mean, if he can't do the job at all, I'll just start them all.
I'll hire somebody else and just leave him sitting here.
Just leave him sitting there to look at.
That's right.
You can kind of a job on the side.
You hold this piece of paper on his side.
I mean, there are all kinds of reasons why people get...
I mean, life isn't fair.
Even at goody two shoes.
Uh-uh, Sin and his heart, Jimmy Carter said that life isn't fair.
Most of you people out there, like I said, just take a look at the mirror right now.
And you'll agree with me.
Life isn't fair.
It's a bitch.
But you do the best you can.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
First time call.
Yes, sir.
I want to agree with you on most of what you said about affirmative action.
And for me, if I'm properly viewed a role because I am a young black male.
Yes, sir.
But I think that, like you said, you have all these bus drivers gone up to Tallahassee.
And I think if my people personally would spend more time educating their children
and have the bus drivers here taking the kids to school to give the education that they need.
Right.
We would have a lot of problems that we have.
And as far as the affirmative action, I think that, um,
well, I want to test back on what I went on your call a sit earlier about, uh,
like being substituted.
I think that we should have gotten some kind of restitution.
But the fact is that we aren't going to get it.
So we need to face reality.
And reality is that we need to get it education and get that, get out there and compete.
And, um, that's all I want to say about it.
Thanks.
There you go.
I mean, he's, uh, he gets it.
The harsh reality of the real cruel world.
OK, no more handouts, no more coddling, no more pampering, no more whimpering.
You have to find a place to start right now as the goodest time as any.
And you wait and see when we were in one form or another.
If that affirmative action thing does wind up getting on the ballot, it wouldn't be no contest overwhelming.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in high alia.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
Hello tangent.
I'm going to go with Florida one and the governor.
Yeah.
Uh, I'm going to read the issue aside, whether it's affirmative action or whatever it is.
What do you think about executive order?
I mean, he's set a precedent now.
What's he going to do next?
He's going to sell our water to some company in Texas, which was published in the Harold.
You know, I'm really scared about that.
I don't like executive orders.
Yeah.
And, uh, I don't know, I'd like to hear your opinion.
I don't know.
What does that have to do with this?
It has everything to do with it because he did it by executive order.
He did what by executive order?
His one Florida.
Yeah, right.
He did it all by himself.
And in the paper he's going to be saying, I know what is best for all Floridians.
Yeah. Well, he's not a little arrogant.
He's a dictator.
He's a fascist.
We owe that.
But what's he going to do next?
If we let him, this is the precedent.
What is he going to do next?
I wouldn't worry about what he's going to do next because he hasn't got a China man chance to get reelected right now.
So just hold on tight.
And he's already dug his own grave with this.
He's out.
He's done.
He's done like his brother.
Stick a fork at him.
They're both done.
I hope you're right, Neil.
Okay.
Thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You see, it really doesn't just have to do with Jeb Bush and one Florida and all of a sudden.
It has to do with it.
It is affirmative action, which is the reason that he came up with it in the first place to try to fend off this other guy who wants to get it on the ballot, which it should be on a ballot.
Let the public vote.
Everybody has the one vote.
Go out there and vote on it.
You want to continue with an insane failed policy or do you want to, you know, go back to what makes sense and that is giving people an education, giving them jobs, giving them, letting them compete.
Is it always going to work?
No, but affirmative action doesn't work.
Period.
It doesn't work at all.
It demeans and lessons the quality of life.
Oh, there he goes when I depthed on one of those cold phrases, quality of life, those county, pink or liberal fags.
Yeah, that's right.
Quality of life.
Right, when you get real nervous when they hear the expression quality of life, perhaps supposed to have that.
Just keep making babies.
26 after one at 5 60.
WQAM.
We got this for us right here.
4.
4.
Radio 5.
6.
QAM.
Get the Hoover.
Out the monon.
Getting a head start in learning is very important for your child.
No matter what language your school system recognizes.
Class, repeat after me.
A-E-I-O-U.
And if your school system endorses black English, then getting that head start means getting hook down ebonyx.
Class, repeat after me.
A-E-I-O-U.
Hook down ebonyx teaches your child the intricacies of this new language through direct comparison with regular English.
Just listen.
May I please have a cookie?
Good.
Now try it in ebonyx.
So give it a damn.
Cook it.
It's very good to me.
Hook down ebonyx is the Learned Home Language system that will have your bright young preschooler talking like a violent gang member in just six short weeks.
You'll learn the double negative.
I ain't no suffer.
The excess plural.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I'd be mine.
And the proper way to pose an inquiry.
Yeah, oh, that me actually will question you.
Hook down ebonyx.
Order today.
And by the time your child is ready for school.
Take going, you know, damn school.
He'll be ready to drop out.
That's our guarantee.
Hook down ebonyx.
Hook down ebonyx is not endorsed by anyone in the right mind.
131 and 562 WQA.
And there's that George Bw on here on CNN.
And a compelling message of reform.
Oh, man.
McCain, by the way, is dropping out tomorrow.
In case you missed it earlier, Bradley's already dropping out today.
It's boring.
A boring debor.
Bora, Bora.
Borshing or maybe that's what you got.
That's what everybody thought they were going to get.
That's what they got.
Borshing or.
See, the one thing Gors got going is that he seems to, you know, pick his opponents very well.
He ran against Bradley who was even more boring than he was.
And I was running against this guy who just a look at him.
Man, oh, man, he is dangerous.
Dangerous.
George E. W.
Wonder what he's got up his nose.
Here's, oh, that, what the hell is that?
Backstab machine is just a hyperventilating and screaming back there.
What's going on with that thing?
Do you ever hear that before?
Uh, no.
This guy, this thing, he's keeps sending back these.
One after another of these.
We're trying to very first one.
It said the word the hell this crap is coming from.
J. M. Contract, uh, contractors.
Inc.
J. M. Contractors.
Inc. Stop sending us.
Facts.
This is the screwing up our facts machine, you jackass, when he's black lines on it.
Looks like some of the universal pricing code crap it out the numbers.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
They knew.
Yes, sir.
When you say that, uh, there's not these outpouring of the few people telling they quotas.
Maybe there's that one of these Jews people trying to make these quotas like the black people are.
Maybe there's that much, uh, prejudice in towards Jews people.
Maybe, maybe that's the reason why they don't form groups like these black people do.
There's not prejudice against Jews.
Maybe there's that as much.
What kind of world are you living in?
Maybe there's that much.
Uh-huh.
And anyways, why aren't they complaining if there is?
Why aren't they, why aren't they complaining?
Why aren't who complaining?
Like the black people.
Like the black people.
Why isn't who complaining?
The Jewish people and the, and the other.
Instead of complaining, you're letting you do something.
That's why that's why they're not in that shape today.
You go out and you do something instead of complaining about it.
You go out and you get an education and you put everybody else in their place and you show how much brighter you are than them.
You're eating, shout, W.A.W.A.R.E.T. and Goddamn Kentucky Fried.
Okay, that's the difference.
There isn't that discrimination against Jews.
Oh, man.
That's what Hitler kept trying to say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, I wanted to give you a call.
This is the first time I've called you since you've had the toll-free line.
So I thought I'd spend a little bit of the beesleaves money.
Okay.
Here's a affirmative action over here.
I had to go get a new driver's license the other day.
It was my birthday.
So I wait in line and I sit down and here's this lady and a real old lady sitting next to her.
They call this lady up to get her picture.
I find out she's 92 years old.
All right.
They take her in front of the little screen to take her picture and she couldn't figure out where to stand in the screen.
The lady had to come from the other side, position her to get her picture.
Right, proper up, yeah.
So the bottom line is, you know what percentage of old people over here get their drivers licenses?
99.
Over 100%.
Over 100. I would think, yeah.
I would talk to you a little longer, but I got a 10 to my sheep.
Okay.
There you go. Good call from Fort Myers.
He's on top of it and the sheep too.
Oh, eight, eight.
What is that number?
Eight.
See, I don't know what it is.
Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, seven, seven, eight, five, fifty, three, forty, five.
And impossible number.
Here's a lady in North Bay Village, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Another comment on Bush and his affirmative action.
Bush knows that his constituency, the bilingual Spanish.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Oh, and look at that.
Hold on. Hold on.
We just had another punch round before you dropped her.
Where is she?
What on with you?
Six.
Are you still there?
Hello.
Now she's gone.
We just had another magic trick on a QA and phone.
She was on six and all of a sudden we went to the guideline aid who just came on spontaneously by itself.
Now the new phone system has arrived.
It came in three boxes down there.
So I bluff them to was telling us.
And hopefully our engineer who is basically on a bus mentality most of his life.
Maybe he'll actually show up here and get the going on it.
Since this phone system is right on the verge of her going by by.
Okay, you were saying, well, what line is he on?
He's on eight.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
There he is.
Yes.
All right, affirmative action.
I feel a lot of black people feel they are entitled to certain benefits when everyone should be basically, you know,
he should be based on your qualifications alone.
Yes.
I'm in law enforcement here in South Miami and the bottom line is that every time I stop a black person, I have probably cost to stop them.
What does that mean?
Probably because means that I have a reason such as, you know, they have.
When do you stop anybody?
Exactly.
Black or white, yes?
Black or white.
It doesn't matter.
But the first words that come out of every single one of them and you stop me because I'm black.
Now more than 100% say that?
Yes.
100% say that.
Okay.
And I said, no, I couldn't even tell it to be black and your tents were so dark.
Number two, you were doing 80 on a 40.
Right.
You know, so what's the big deal?
And they're like, well, you started because I'm black.
I'm going to make a complaint on you because you're racist.
Huh.
And I like, and every time there are a lot of black officers who are not qualified, who can't write a report, but they got the job.
They become supervisors.
Why?
Well, I wonder why.
They're not qualified to have half the time that I have into the department.
I work twice as hard of them.
I have twice the stats.
Whoever they get the job.
You know, send all those Portuguese back to Africa for them.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five.
It's 60 on the, he said, let him hang out in the porch for a while.
Is that what he said?
That's what he said.
Sound like that to me.
Something like that.
Out of town line, 877, 785, 63, 45.
Where the bomb?
Sports radio 560 QAM.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Yes.
There we go.
Hey, y'all, my name is class Eugene Thomas.
Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know, there's not some people who's not dead and think just of...
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't everybody.
I'm a pinjoy.
Well, maybe it was a cigar sandwich.
I know where we are.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to fish out straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There we are.
I'll be talking.
And I'll talk it to the eith.
And I'll talk it to the west.
And I'll talk it to the west.
I'll be talking.
That's the bad one, y'all.
All right.
143 at 560 W.
QAM.
We got Hank coming up in true list day two at two o'clock to Bukesir at six.
Eddie K. Rams with GA 10 o'clock tonight.
Q open lines here for you.
567.0560.
0560 on the AT&T line.
It's interesting to me, by the way, that all these people I would say 95...
maybe more than 100% of the people call them today.
Want to argue with me affirmative action.
Pro and con.
Y'all, y'all.
And at the meantime, the thing about their kids are being left stranded the last two days out of school.
Nobody cares about that.
That's okay.
All new kids out there.
And we do have plenty of kids who listen to this show who play hooky and whatever they're doing.
All new kids, I feel real sorry for you.
Living in a goddamn place like this where nobody gives a crap about you people.
It's very, very sad.
They talk a good game.
But do they really care?
No.
No, not enough.
They don't care enough to send their very best.
They ought to be up at arms and they ought to be foaming at the mouth.
The only thing you get in foaming at the mouth of this town is hate.
That's really what this is all about.
You know, like the last guy they called about the porch monkeys.
That's what it really boils down to.
It's either with the Cubans or the Spargers or the Jews or the Facts.
That's really what it's all about in this town.
Which group hates the other one the most?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
The perception that white people are the only ones that violate the civil rights laws.
Up in Pittsburgh, just outside Pittsburgh, we have a guy quoted by a black woman that killed all kinds of white people.
And the politicians are pandering wondering what his motive was for the killings.
He's already told them what the motive was.
Yeah.
He wanted to kill white people.
And like the blacks, they don't hate.
You know, it's just the whites that hate.
People are people.
Okay.
Everybody hates.
Everybody has prejudice and have a nice thing.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wilders line.
This is what this is what happens when everybody's got to have labels.
And I realized that people like yellow people like Asians or as a John McCain calls them gooks or a black people with their own.
And they have different skin color.
They can't hide it.
This is true.
But everybody has to, they have to be an African American, a Cuban American, a Portuguese American, whatever it is, it's pathetic.
Religious labels, all kinds of other artificial labels.
I'm a generation X-er.
I'm a baby boomer.
I'm a, I'm a, he's an asshole.
That's all whatever label is.
And this is why it is all that hate in the killing in the world.
I'd say probably more than 100% of it to all the goddamn labels.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you?
I'm, to now you are about 110% right.
All right.
Okay.
I'm going to give you by the end of the show.
I'll be 200% right.
Sure, sure.
But things, marches like the ones held in Calahazzy.
So those 10,000 people had gone to work yesterday and had been productive.
That would have been affirmative action from, it would have been affirmative and action both.
Yeah.
But the problem is then what would people like Jesse Jackson that's come back that only shows up at Strikes and at places where he doesn't have to work?
Right.
Places where he can be an opportunist and raise money.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And then he can write a book because he wrote a book about money.
He's the guy that's always talking, you know, bad about money and how Jews make money and how they do this and how they do that.
And then he comes around, he said, you know, I mean, and the problem is, oh yeah, but he comes to the made up now.
He's big in a high-meet town now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now, yeah, he came to talk to, I mean, I really can't understand how Jews would listen to him.
Hey, listen to that.
I don't have a tummy trap, but you know, I mean, that's a very sad thing about Jews.
Every group has got their weaknesses and Jews, anybody that pretends to suck up to them now listen.
The thing is, you know, like you said many times, it's always going to be racist and there's always going to be somebody that doesn't like you because you're short, you're too tall, too ugly, almost sexualized,
you're too heterosexual, whatever the hell you might be.
You just got to go out there and do get up in the morning and go to work.
Correct.
Go to school and do the best you can.
Do the best you can.
Exactly.
Okay.
By the end of the show, I want you to be 200 percent.
I have 400 already.
I just checked it.
400 percent.
Have a great day.
God bless you.
I'd say at least 300 percent of all you Jews out there eat the humontosh.
Now, do we get any calls about that, by the way?
March 21st.
Oh, that's right.
It's a ways off.
Today's only the eighth.
I guarantee you that our good friends at pastry lane bakery, they'll come through for us again this year with the real humontosh and the warm, good ones on forum.
Even the goyam can enjoy forum.
See, that's one thing about Jewish holidays most of the center around food.
So even goyam can really enjoy the good stuff.
I mean, go into a deli like in Detroit.
Any white people in those delis?
No.
Maybe one or two.
I'd say 140 percent of the people in delis need to eat.
And this is way back when I lived there 30 years ago.
300 percent of the people in there were like dark.
Because are there any white people left in each right now?
So somebody's got a frequent eat that good corn beef and stuff might as well be the dark folks.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Mobile and sunrise.
Sounds real long gone to me.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, great show.
I will enjoy your show and I've got a point.
An unrelated issue that I think should be aired.
Yes, sir.
We've got a situation with you know, a while back the state just recently stopped selling our driver license information to these listeners.
You know, that usually call around the time you're eating.
Right.
Now what I find so crazy about this is you've got to call these things.
You think they get these things listed off your bag.
You've got to call tell or get the address for tell happy.
Then then ten bucks in the Department of Agriculture to get them off your bag.
Now that's almost extortion in a form of extortion of gas.
It's like paying the phone company to have an unlisted number not to list your phone number.
Yeah, exactly.
But at least this same state sold the information to these guys to enable and to call you.
And yet now they're asking you for ten dollars to get them off your bag.
That's what kind of state of living.
Yeah, they're squeezing in both ends.
Absolutely.
Great show and take care.
Thanks.
Yeah, you know, that's that's another thing that's and I realize there's that number you can call up there,
which is what he's talking about.
But the problem is that if it's a company and that's where all of my calls come from these goddamn solicitor calls.
You people that do those soliciting calls.
I got news for you.
I got some affirmative action for you.
That's for you.
It's absolutely unacceptable.
But the law here in Florida being the horse ball state that it is.
If it's a company like city bank or American Express that you have an account with the credit card, whatever.
They can't do that.
They can't prevent them from calling you with these stupid pending the solicitation goal.
There has to be a law.
There must be a law because you're homeless, supposed to be your castle.
And this is bull crap.
The idea that they can keep bugging.
I get calls on a weekend.
I get calls eight nine o'clock at night.
And of course they can't pronounce my real.
Mr.
And as soon as I realize that somebody that can't pronounce my real name.
I realize it's not anybody that knows me.
Well, I'm sorry he's not here now.
Call back in ten years.
Click.
It's unacceptable.
It's harassment.
It's legalized harassment.
I don't.
Whatever you're peddling.
Send me something in the mail about it.
You're already.
If it's somebody I'm doing business with.
I already get a bill from them every month.
Okay.
I get a statement.
I get something.
Send me a thing in the envelope there.
Show it to me.
I probably throw it away.
Spass good.
But that's okay.
Don't ring my phone with crap.
That's my message.
Stop ringing everybody's phone off the hook with crap.
Nine minutes before two at five sixty WQM got an update on our Danny Boy pool.
Which I'll get to in a second.
Don't take any bulls**t on this.
There is a child.
Living down in Mexico.
Yes.
Who has to go to work every day.
Sit at his desk.
Making clothes for Cassie Lee.
Loves the work.
But doesn't love the pain.
They are the kids.
Who make the clothes?
They are the ones to make a book a day.
So quick.
It's just for making the kind you love to buy.
It's you that make a book a day with Cassie Lee.
All right.
Here you go.
So what are you all complaining about?
Like the song says, 156 four minutes before the hour QAM.
Our poll question today should Dan Moreno retire?
We got 288 votes so far.
That's a record for this time.
We have 159 at 55.2% say bye Danny.
Bye bye.
See you.
Thanks for everything.
Get out of here.
Signed with the Vikings is running second in the moment.
93 people vote that's 32.2% about a turd.
You turd and playing under here with the dolphins only 35.
12% say you should do that because they don't want to care what any Jones says.
Anybody else lies to you about or Wayne High Pinga.
That's funny.
Of course, Wayne would never lie to us.
What do you know?
They don't want them back.
But anyway, that's our poll near Rogers.com.
We like to get like at least what 40 at least 400% of you to vote on this buy between 10 o'clock tomorrow.
Because this is the most important and pressing issue with town is Danny boy right?
You got it.
We'll see you Danny.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes sir.
If one black person that's equally more qualified than a white person goes to a job and he gets a night 10 times and a white person only gets a night one or two times then of course he's going to vote for affirmative action.
Of course that black person is going to fight for it.
You might not be considering that.
That's all.
That's all.
Not considering what.
That's the reason why.
How do you know that's the case?
Where do you get those?
That's what I'm saying.
If that's what they're claiming.
If that's what these black people are claiming.
Yeah.
And where does that come from?
Where's the word what backs that up?
Also, I think Dan Reno.
I think it should play for the Vikings and I'll just hang up listen.
Thanks.
Hang up and listen.
See that was a sports nerd call.
That was like a real call.
As soon as they say I'll just hang up and listen.
I mean they can't have a conversation with you about it.
I'm not discussing then.
I'll be on the two minutes.
He can discuss it.
He can give out our new charges that come our website.
So we can get 80 million people holding on that.
Because we'll get all the sports nerds to vote.
All the people I can't let him go.
They can't just cannot say goodbye to Danny.
It's a part of their lives.
There comes a time when everybody has to say goodbye.
Bye bye.
Thank you.
It's been wonderful whether it's a divorce whether it's somebody
retires whatever it is.
There comes that time.
We have a lot of emotional cripples in this time like Dan La Bastard.
There's the best.
I want to tell you you want to find a guy who's a real asshole.
Just read the stuff that this guy dishes out.
My dogs drop better stuff.
And my backyard than what Dan La Bastard writes in the hero.
I have never read such a swill in my life.
Oh, he's got a sticker.
Danny's got to stick around for the children.
For the kids.
In other words, Danny couldn't go.
He still wouldn't be a hero if he retires.
He couldn't go around and do good work like he's done for
Minnesota.
