560 QAF.
Oh!
To view all 567,
all 560,
all three in Dave and Growerlor.
Out of 560 on your cell phone.
The paintings of Neil,
his guests and callers.
You not necessarily represent those
of the Beansley broadcast group.
Advertises your agency.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on 560 QAF.
I'm dying on the way out.
Are tomorrows going to break a seal?
Yes!
��예!
____ 조심!
But it's hard
to hear the ghost out of this world
I wanna go
Where was you and you in different teams?
And you resist
the most beautiful
Iaam no thank you
What a shame
Would wear a demon
You all gathered, those life-by-running, from being, on those doors you rane, I wanna die!
Yes!
I'm just a kid's life-by-door!
All right!
I wanna die!
I wanna die!
I wanna die!
I'm loving you, but if I pass for a part, I'll be the good of you!
And with its time, the head's out of its shell!
I wanna go with a living fool forever!
I wanna die!
Oh!
Oh!
I wanna die!
I wanna die!
I wanna die!
I wanna die!
I wanna die!
So let me ask you one question. What do we do now?
I don't know!
Oh!
How seriously? What the hell are we gonna do now?
I don't know!
Come to work this morning. I was up till 2-20 in the morning, so all of that works.
We had MSNBC first, and then breathlessly Dan Rader came on about 10 seconds afterward, declaring GW the winner.
At that point, he was 48,000 votes ahead and floored alleged.
Allegedly. At 2-20 in the morning.
I get up this morning, I turn on CNN in about 7-15, and they're going out of now!
Yeah, like that!
Got a beep, but a bolt, but a bolt, and all of a sudden, instead of Bush with 271 electoral votes,
GW has got 260, Bush is still stuck there at 2-46, all are gone, which is meaningless as too close to call yet.
That's meaningless.
And all I can tell you yesterday comes down to Florida.
The only problem when I told you yesterday, I had no idea.
You see, when we had several calls yesterday, including the one woman that kept repeating it over and over,
and I got impatient with her, but now it's hard to comprehend unless you see it.
And they showed it again this morning, and they showed it last night, several times, the Palm Beach County ballots.
Now let's face it.
The audience is in Century Village there, in Cemetery Village.
They were a little bit confused, you know?
I don't know!
Well, I do.
And it's clear as well, because when you look at the breakdown in the state, first of all, let me say this.
Bill Nelson wins the Senate race by five points.
Now you can say, okay, some of the Nelson people probably were the NATO people, and by the way, for you, the NATO people,
nice going.
Just like I predicted, you did not get anywhere near five percent nationwide.
You do not get your 12 million dollars.
You do not pass gold, collect a goddamn dime, but you did screw up the election if it turns out this way.
Would less than two percent implore to the NATO people screw it up.
Yeah, FU, that's what we say to the NATO people.
For EGO, for the EGO of a craggie old tired man, you screwed up the election maybe.
But anyway, I'm looking at the end of your newspaper this morning, and now we finally got the total results for Buchanan.
Now Buchanan statewide got a little less than 0.3 percent, not 3 percent, 0.3 percent.
In Broward County, he got 0.2 percent.
In Big County, he got, well, I'll say I got newer now, he's got less, look at this, 0.09 percent.
That's 9.10, no, that's 900 percent.
Yeah, that's right, 900 percent, not even a tenth of a point.
But in Palm Beach County, he gets a tenth of a point, which may not sound all that significant, but the fact is,
he can Palm Beach County gets 3,407 votes.
Now what does that translate to? Well, let me tell you this, you look around the other counties, for example, in the Broward, Buchanan gets 0.789 and Provard 570 in Hillsborough 845.
And of course, they're in date, 561, keeping in mind that you have a lot of right wingers in date County, I don't want to say who they are.
And number two, date County is like half again as big as Palm Beach, in terms of people who voted.
But in Palm Beach County, mysteriously 3,407 votes for Patu's Manning.
So when that lady called in hysterical yesterday, we had several other calls about the fact that the ballot, and how can you have a statewide election?
A national election and a statewide election, where there's a difference from County to County.
I can understand that there are a lot of different issues on the ballot, so on other pages, maybe they add on other pages,
but the idea that they should have the candidates for president on two different pages, so that here's GW Bush on Line 1.
Here on the opposite page, across from it, on Line 2 is Pat Buchanan, and back on Line 3, with a gap in the middle on the left hand page, here's Al Gore.
Well, if this catalogical, you would assume that Line 2 would be Al Gore, and a lot of people punched on Line 2, not realizing that they were punching opposite Buchanan, who was on the page across, on the right hand page.
Confusing at best, unacceptable at worst, in addition to which Al Gore is going to win the national popular vote.
There is no question about that. The margin keeps shrinking a little bit every hour, but they're getting close to the end.
There are over 100 million votes cast, and Gore is going to win by about 230,000 votes, popular vote.
What time was it? About 10 to late, I think last night, that they came out with the thing Florida goes to Gore, put it up on the map, then here's Michigan goes to Gore, finally Pennsylvania goes to Gore, and people are going like, oh, right.
Gore, people like me, looks pretty good. Then all of a sudden they showed W there sitting with his clan, the Bush clan in that hotel, and he seemed awfully cruel and confident, didn't they?
On the phone with his connections down here. Oh, yeah, well, he's confident they got a big lead in the vote, and their votes coming in from that upper central part, which of course they weren't coming in from up there.
Most of the Dayton Brawler by that point hadn't even hardly been counted at all, which we had that staggering turnout all over the country, and I'll stay wide, especially in a special named Dayton Brawler, over 80%. Almost almost 90%.
Did you see the one precinct in Dear Field Beach, 98% of voters in Dear Field Beach, you know who those people are? That is correct.
So you already got, and I realize people are going to talk about the 30,000 ballots. I should point out right away because a lot of people are working their cars. There's an automatic recount for people wondering what the hell do we do now?
I don't know. We know this. The division of elections in Tallahassee says the law mandates when it's this close, when it's suspicious that an automatic recount has to take place, and it must be completed by the end of business day tomorrow.
Not today by the end of business day tomorrow plus, since I, you know, have the apartment over an Amsterdam, I spend a lot of time over there, I do send mail back and forth across the pond, that can take up to two weeks, sometimes more.
So the 30,000 absentee ballots, which they say most of my military and Bush will do very well with those, and there's no doubt about that, but that could take weeks for those to come in.
The real question is, how is it that when I went to bed at 220 in the morning, and although that was sort of clearing GW Bush as the President, he was allegedly 48,000 votes ahead in Florida, and at that point, that was with 98% of the precincts counted.
And then I wake up this morning and it comes back. In fact, I have a fact here that says what time was it that it was at 3.45 AM, he was ahead by 224 votes.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, hang on, we'll get you all on the phone, people obviously have something to say.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.60 QM, no question of the program may be these to be said that the American U.S. written commission of W2AM BC by tax group inquiry.
Now, they just showed on CNN that ballot again, and they left it on there long enough that you really had to talk about the Palm Beach County ballot.
And I wish we had TD for just 30 seconds, so I could demonstrate to you just how grotesque it is.
They have packed you canon reform party on the second page. Here are the two pages laying there flat on the little or two prongs.
And Bush is on top. You can and is kind of like just slightly below to the right and then go is underneath Bush.
The problem is that there are two little places to punch. And they're both both within the square of where goers name is.
Now, they do have little tiny arrows, but if you have the greatest eyesight, it took me like 30 seconds to notice how you're supposed to tell.
So if you punched the one above the bottom one, assuming that you're voting for go and assuming, which I'm sure a lot of people would, that he should be number two on a ballot.
Since it's basically a two man race, then you're really voting for Buchanan. This is why Palm Beach County vote was totally bogus.
Totally bogus. Here's a lady mobile implantation. Hello. Lady mobile. Well, she's waiting for the phone to catch up. She's been on there a long time. Hello.
I'm just going to be looking at the other side of the building. I'm just going to be looking at the other side of the building.
I'm just thinking that if Gore had one, he would be present right now. That would put him to 71.
Well, that's true. That's true, but he didn't.
Okay, well, listen, your phone's crafted out and go back and work it on.
Here's a poor question for today. Do you believe the results of the election in Florida are honest? Yes, no, or don't know?
Do you believe the results of the election in Florida are honest? Yes, no, don't know.
And you really can't blame the people of Florida because they turned out, I'll blame some of those native people, but they turned out in massive numbers, record breaking numbers.
Did it help a job? The dark folks showed up. The women showed up.
Two-fifth-year-old Cuban showed up. I mean, every constituency you respect, everybody showed up. They could want.
But somewhere along the line, there's a stench of commoners that emnates from this whole thing back and forth and up and down a woman that's 48,000 both and out to 124.
Just like the thing between Elaine Bloom and Play Shaw, when I went to bed, Elaine Bloom was five votes ahead out of about a half a million.
Five votes ahead. And as of this morning, I still want to look how happened with that because the newspapers are, you see, that's one of the problems you people in the newspaper business.
I understand not like live radio or TV, but you have a deadline. The Hill put out an addition. I wonder why didn't you get my Hill to 730 this morning, usually there about five o'clock.
They put out their first edition that said Bush win so that the New York Post couple of other papers.
So that I guess they had like haul all those back and say, oh, I'll deliver those as we screwed up. And then they came up with a new one that says, not over yet.
I think that they had three different versions. And the final one, at least in Broward, my paper says not over yet. Bush lead in Florida, dissipates, vanishes in the thin air.
And let me say it again, if you missed the numbers, 100% of the votes are been accepted for this. And those people are keep talking about absentee ballots, all the absentee ballots that were cast within the state locally, those of all encountered the only ones that haven't encountered are the roughly 30,000 overseas absentee ballots.
If you remember a few years ago, everybody thought that buddy McKay, even as much of a Yahoo as he won, buddy McKay won at Connie Max, seat in the center of the Connie Mack, eventually won because later in the week about four or five days later, sure enough, here comes those absentee ballots, Connie Mack won.
And they said, hey, buddy, bye bye. 1785 is the latest difference. Bush ahead of Goren, Florida, 1785 out of six million votes.
1785. And I'll say it again, and I realize that the absentee ballots from overseas may make it a move point. They may put Bush away over the edge if you assume that the other votes from the state were honest, which I don't assume. That's why I'm asking that poll question.
I'll talk about some on there yet. But we do know it's got to be this common sense tells you that at least 2500 and probably close to 3000 bogus votes that what are the people trying to vote for Goren who want to voting for Papu Cannon in Palm Beach and whoever came up with that ballot in Palm Beach County, that prison should be in jail.
I mean, talk about voter fraud, talk about ineptitude, talk about just doing your best to screw up the popular. So that's just unbelievable tragedy.
On our way, we had to have to have our pages because it was all like, well, they make an extra page. You can make as many pages on there as you want. You just keep turning the pages and you punch your hole if I can see that.
Here's what water deal. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? No, I don't know. I leave it up to Elaine Bloom to give a victory speech before the whole thing is done. Well, how did it come out? Can we have a full? I call that channel for when they said that place I want.
By how much they didn't say they said they might have a recount on that too. It's really funny. We were Rogers. Hey, that's the lady or ladies or whoever called you about that thing in Palm Beach. If I had punched along a notch, I would have gotten someone over to me and told them that I made a mistake.
But you don't understand. You don't know that you're making mistake. You have no way of knowing that. Well, how do they know they made a mistake then? Because because now that it's been discussed afterward, and they're showing it in addition to what you see, they must have made a mistake because you can and it's got 3,400 votes in Palm Beach County. And he's doing like a couple of hundred here and a couple hundred there and every other county in the state. Well, it's not 100% sure that people made a mistake. Then you're just. Yeah, okay. Okay, sir. To you know, it's not a hundred percent sure. It is 110% sure.
I mean, if you can't even agree on that, then there's no point in talking to you. You're a jackass. I mean, here, here, and I'm more than those for years. I've said, get rid of the electoral college. It's an anachronism. It's an disaster. It's ridiculous.
And it's still would have been very exciting and it would have been a cliffhanger and either way any reasonable person would have been willing to abide by.
In fact, Bush was ahead by 600,000 votes most of the night until especially the California votes started coming in, which is about, you know, that's your youngest population out there.
And that kept getting closer and closer. And now I'll go up to about a quarter million. And he's still 231,000 ahead in the popular vote.
But for God's sake, this electoral college that basically says that if you live in a big state, your vote means more than if you live in Delaware or in New Hampshire or in Maine or in any of these other little bump or state.
What kind of crap is that? It's supposed to be one man or one person, I guess we say now. One person, one vote. With an equal value.
Oh, the Florida's got 25 electoral votes in the California's got this. Who the hell cares?
Talk about campaign reform. That's got to be the first thing that happens is get rid of the electoral college now. Say bye-bye to it.
Here's the mobile and fort letter deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, your thing came through with all these people voting for Nader.
Wouldn't have been better if Gordon maybe offered himself on his cabinet so that he could have brought him in the fall and maybe got the vote that he needed. No.
How? Why would he do that? Well, in the in addition to which Nader was not in any negotiating move, he became more and more hostile and more and more adamant and more and more on an ego trip.
And the fact is the overwhelming majority of people around the country, the native vote pretty much evaporated in the last third day.
But he got. But he got. I said except here. No, not a 57,000 vote. No, he got 97,000. Right. 97,000 votes. And that's the difference in the election right now. Well, the difference is 1700. So you figured out he got he got 4% in Oregon, which is why it's still too close to call there. And he then screwed it up and was constantly got 4% there. So I'll say it again. Just what I thought. He didn't do well enough to get his 5%. He did not get his not going to get his 12 million dollars. That's not the only thing that I'm going to do.
I'm not going to get one penny in federal matching funds. He didn't prove a God dancing other than he's a crusty old convergence who doesn't give a crap about anybody else beside himself. And like I tried desperately to tell people he doesn't even endorse the whole platform of the green party.
It wasn't about the green party. It wasn't about a third party. It was about reform. It was about Raff Nader.
A petulant or a man on the ego trip. But everybody, nothing you can do about that. Those votes are there for whatever they are.
Good, better, worse than you can't really prove who they were going to vote for. Although they have pretty good idea.
Most people are voted for Nader. We're not going to be voting for Al Gore. I mean for George Bush.
What the hell am I saying? I'm so confused. I was up to 230 in the morning. Went to bed thinking, wow, okay, whatever it is, there is GW. We'll survive it. Have we survived horse? No. Well, I'm close to it. Here's tempered pine.
Hello. Okay. Another sleepless night here in tempered pine. Yeah. I was flipping between all the network, ABCC, BSMC, and so on. Yeah, I was too.
How, I mean, one didn't have New Mexico. Yeah, one had been having the body yet. One didn't have this yet. Right.
And then it came up later on and using about tempered pine. tempered pine, yeah. About Palm Beach. And all the problems that they were having.
And then now you wake up this morning and hear that there's all this room that's going on between the Bush and the group party about the congratulations.
And then there was a confrontation that they had mentioned that nobody commented on. So it just shows you that, you know, the whole election is just one big pile of crap. You can smell it. In fact, if you open up your window this morning, just put your nose out there. You can smell it.
Yeah. Well, thank you and God help us all. Good luck to all. Here's the fact that says, of course, this is just anybody can write this stuff. But it's it's rumored that the ballot was designed by Jim Bush's secretary for what it's worth.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. They were on the phone with their connections down here. I wonder how many dead people voted this time. I guess maybe just enough to make sure that the margin was safe until we get those ballots coming into mail. And of course, that thing with the absentee ballots. Well, we don't want to question anybody's integrity doing.
Oh, now look at this. Look at us. Now it's 2.49 to 2.46. They've just taken, I guess, Wisconsin away from Gore and given it to still on design. And those things were hopping here last night. What is that? Now I just, oh, that must have been a tape from last night. I don't know. It must be an instant replay. Now we got it back. Wow. Here's camera. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir.
I just like to let you know of another screw up with the poll system and camera. Okay. My wife went down the vote yesterday. Now we just moved back to Fort Lauderdale roughly about about three months ago. And she submitted her address change to get her new voters registration card for Tamrak. Right. On one thing to have a guy. Well, she, we both submitted at the same time. I got mine. She didn't get hurt. So she went up there to say, Hey, look, I need to catch my vote. You know, what do I need to do? I haven't gotten my car.
The people on camera go, Oh, we have to make a phone call over to voters to the voters headquarters to get permission to allow you to vote. Well, the lady comes back and said, Oh, the phone lines are down. You're not, you're not going to be able to vote. The phone lines are down. The phone lines are down.
You're not going to be able to vote. And handed you a, and she said, you want to come back. If, if you want to come back and check, but I, the phones have been down for hours. And, and here's your number. You can call it tomorrow and figure out which one with your, what's wrong with your address change? Unbelievable. So she wasn't allowed to vote for Gory yesterday. Now how many people that that happened to? We'll find out. We have one of those yesterday with a guy who was like, my wife. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I
'm not sure. I'm not sure. dumping people work to full of好了 They want to go outside. Gray and Call these people and deposit them tollagan. I'm not sure. Go into your cell and ask them you got a phone.
I don't have to drive the Westpaw on the cash revotes.
You know you're not allowed to vote there.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Alright, thanks.
Cross your fingers and your legs and your eyes.
Yeah, here, thanks, Rich.
Rich, who did vote correctly,
factors me a copy, confusing it, Palm Beach County poll.
Some Alvaro supporters may have mistakenly voted for Pat Buchanan
because of the ballot's third hole on the ballot.
And here's the picture for anybody.
I'll hold it up.
Look in your speaker.
There it is.
The two holes, hole number two at hole number three.
Can we say that?
No.
I'll write next to the Al Gore in that box.
Oh my God.
Only in Florida, man.
Only in a God-fresh-saken half-act.
And what the...
Oh, how do you like to deal last night at about 130 in the morning
when they were talking about the fact that all the other...
they're writing around trying to find the guys who got these boxes
of all these ballots in Broward County, you know?
Yeah.
They had to send out a search party to find thousands and thousands of ballots
in Broward as of like 130 in the morning.
Yeah.
You didn't see that?
Terry Sanders was undergoing, but he didn't look like that.
28 after 10 or 5, 60 QA.
I'm dying over here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have to require an absentee balance.
People have to request them.
And you think, if there's any validity, the option at all, the people in
television has, you have to know that number.
The people in each county have to know that number.
How many absentees and balance have you set out?
Is that rocket science?
No.
I don't think so.
Pretty basic.
And then all of a sudden, out of nowhere, well, originally, there was
was the first that was 350,000.
Then it was a half a million and then it was about 130 in the morning when all of this
shenanigans was going on.
Well, you know, not just saying it may be as many as close to a million absentee ballots
in Florida, not counting the ones overseas.
You think there's a little bit of difference between 350,000 and almost a million?
One will think so.
In this God forsaken state.
Here's the fact that it's throughout the state, the ballots did not all look alike.
Only in Palm Beach has reported the battle with different in appearance.
The widely reported confusion of voters in Palm Beach caused mistaken candidate selection.
Why not do the democratic thing to do and avoid the Palm Beach County election result and
repeat the election process in Palm Beach County using the same ballot forms as we're
using the balance of the state?
To which I say, yeah, of course they're not going to do that.
I don't know how you do that.
I think they just ought to avoid the whole God emulation and do it all over again nationwide.
Just do the whole thing over.
And again, there's no provision for doing that.
And if they do show it into the House or into the Congress, it's going to wind up with
Bush winning because the old Congress and the new one, whichever one you pick, whichever
one you like to best, they're both Republican.
And certainly there's a great preponderance of states that voted for Bush as opposed to
the number states that go on.
You got it?
I don't know.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Great.
Hey, got a couple things for you.
You know, regardless of who ends up winning.
Yes.
The one thing that was clear is that the media were made to look like fools on this whole
thing.
Of course, Colin Florida goes.
Well, it's not the first time that's happened.
I've seen that before.
Well, obviously it ends up being a lunchpin state now, being the one that we're all waiting.
For another thing, you made a comment about the vote count before you turned in for the
night.
Uh-huh.
That Bush being up almost 50,000.
40,000.
So, don't you think if anybody is going to be concerned, there would be the Republicans
as far as, you know, how did that gap close so quickly in that short of time?
That's what I'm saying.
Because I have a facts here and it's after or long after I went to bed, but 345 in the
morning, all of a sudden, they took Bush out of the, they took Florida out of the Bush
column because it's read it dropped to 224 votes.
Sure.
So, any, any suspicion would be...
How do you, how do you lose over 48,000 votes in, in an hour and 25 minutes, which is
from the time I went to bed and it will show 98% of the votes counted?
How did you lose?
In other words, first of all, there, there couldn't have been much more than that many votes
to be counted.
I am.
And grow what I had to get every one of them, which is ridiculous, because a lot of more
coming in from Daytona and Voluzia County, they were all from Daytona, but our, our
power was 100% by that point.
Right.
So, that, that's, uh, if anything, that's the thing that cast the little suspicion on the
Democrats.
Um, I'm, I'm, I'm the Democrats.
Sure.
How do you figure that?
Well, it's, you know, how, how could, you know, Bush have that gap close to the
point?
So, here's the point that you're missing.
And it is, can I say it?
Sure.
And that is this.
If you're, if you, if you can erase 46,000 votes, why wouldn't you erase 48?
Why wouldn't you come up with 52?
Sure.
So, they have a lead.
I mean, that doesn't make any sense.
I got you.
So, the logical thing is that he was never had by 48,000 votes in the first place.
Okay.
And what were those boxes of ballots doing being driven around all over Daytona, wow,
county until 215 in the morning last night?
Who knows?
Yeah, that's interesting.
Just one comment.
I did vote in Palm Beach County.
Yeah.
Um, I got a sample ballot ahead of time.
Right.
So, I knew that that two page format for the presidential thing was, was coming.
And when I mark up the sample ballot, I just circle the numbers and then when I get
in there, I'm just punching numbers.
Right.
That's that point.
Uh-huh.
I could see how somebody could have gotten confused even if they did that and, you know,
flipped the stylus and the other one instead.
But, you know, again, if you just kind of voted by the numbers and you got a sample ballot,
you shouldn't have had any problem.
But based on the way you can and both came in in Palm Beach County, certainly.
347 votes.
Now, was that the most you got in the state in any county?
The next highest was Pinellas County, a thousand and twelve.
Most of the counties, they had 500, 600, the 700, five, 61 in date county, 561 in date
county and 3,400 in Palm Beach County.
Thank you.
You just got 200,000 less folks showed up to vote.
Now, interesting.
Well, depending on how the affinities comes in, I guess what you said before will be true.
You're going to see.
I say, let's just call the whole thing on.
I agree.
Okay.
Back now.
Let's stick with Bubba.
Do we have a number by the way, nephew?
Do we have any kind of a number?
We just forget about that.
Off to 12.
Oh, as he said, we'll see if we get the election results and we'll also get the number
from specs.
How much we got for Planned Parenthood?
Joe Costello and the QM van will be at the sicko gas station at 50 Southeast 8th Avenue
in Highly, from noon to 2 today.
With the best of the LCDs, key chains and t-shirts, free passes to the Bobby LaBonte luncheon
at the Outback Steakhouse in Kettle Demar from noon to 2 p.m.
Bobby LaBonte must be a race car guy or Joe wouldn't be involved.
And also if we take it to the last four days, he had told you at the homestead 90 speed
way.
noon to 2 today, our good buddy Joe Costello with the sicko gas station, 50 Southeast
8th Avenue in Highly, where they voted for that stadium.
That nobody knew anything about.
They said, oh, yeah, we like it.
Just like they said, we like that bullet train too.
We don't know where the money is coming from.
But yeah, we'll vote for it.
Neil Roger shows sports radio.
Five, 60.
You.
Hey.
Well, look at this.
They got Jesse on it.
He said in Tyler half.
Yeah, he said, if it doesn't fit your fullish mid something like that.
Here's a person that fact says this person's ballot took four tries to get hooked improperly
so they could stick it in their right.
And there's nothing worse than that happening.
Here's one that says the Ed and Palm Beach.
I live in Palm Beach County, voting to precinct in a small golf and country club community
filled with Republicans.
When I went to cast my ballot for Gore, I almost voted for Papu Cannon.
I'm 48 have good eyesight.
When I started to punch the ballot, I noticed that the who wasn't quite lined up with
Gore Lieberman.
That's when I became aware I was about to post a cast vote for their idiot Buchanan.
When I put my ballot in the box, I told the lady whom I know that I almost made a mistake
because of the way it was laid out.
She simply smiled and said there was nothing that could be done about it.
It didn't surprise me here.
The trouble this morning.
And in election, this person is important.
They should make sure they get the damn thing right.
Something should be done though, although I know it's a pipe dream.
It's in a, okay, I'm bleeding.
It's happy birthday.
Thank you, Ed.
Also, here's something that stayed up until five this morning or beyond and said they
had some legal experts on there, so-called experts who said that since the Florida vote
is fishy and grow on the popular vote, a judge could rule a selection in Gore's favor.
So say, I mean, that doesn't make it so because some legal guy said that, but kind of
judge.
But Democratic judge.
Hanging judge.
I paid off judge.
Just like the judge in Missouri who said, oh yeah, let him say open 11 o'clock and say,
well, if that's where all the splashes are, Ed didn't help.
And of course, they didn't, you see that?
That was a nice try.
See, this is supposed to be a great exercise in democracy and they finally get everybody,
even though nobody was supposed to care this time and there were two really crappy candidates,
which I would agree with that, four crappy candidates.
But nevertheless, people said, okay, we're going to get fired up and pissed off and go out
to even me and do something.
Even at damn norm, can't hold it like that.
Well, good morning.
But only once.
Yes.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Listen, it appears that there are a number of people like one of your earlier callers that
say they pre-registered and showed up in less-proud precincts like Camera Act and wanted to vote for
the next call.
So, I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
I think that's what I'm going to say.
And then what?
Then did they get a chance to vote?
I mean, they could they can check and see if they voted or not.
Well, what we have is a number of people that showed up in less-proud precincts to vote for
our goal and were told they couldn't.
And individuals are trying to amass and gather in these people because if they're going to be
a winner, they're going to be a winner.
Well, there is going to be a recount in our right now.
Just doing the course of this recount, individuals who feel they should have been given a right to vote,
we're not given a right to vote, then they're going to possibly explore legal options for those people.
So, it's not enough to just call on the air.
No, I realize that.
I think we have to call in and give their name and numbers.
Now, what about the Palm Beach situation with the Scrutop Ballot there?
And it can be 3,400, most of which were bogusly cannon votes.
Well, I'm just listening to Congressman Lecler on MSNBC and watch the scene of picture with Ballot.
And it's clear that those ballots are so confused.
Right.
And the numbers are so skewed and absurd.
And there could be any greater irony that in the heavily-gearish district that would have clearly gone for
a gourd that a lot of those ballots were going for Buchanan in the air.
The question is, what kind of remedy would have to be fashioned to correct that?
And that will be up to some individual entity or organization to file some sort of legal action
and ask a court to fashion judicial relief if any is appropriate.
I don't know what the remedy would be at this point, but it's clear.
And it's ironic in an election that in the state overall is at this point, 1700s per bush,
two or three thousand votes to the other way, clearly would swing it for gourd.
And clearly in that district, it would have been gourd votes.
So it might be up to a judge ultimately to determine that that ballot was so confusing that it caused people to make an error unfairly.
But the question is, what kind of remedy he can fashion out of that? And I just don't know yet.
I don't think anybody knows if you're never hinting like this ever.
No, there hasn't been anything like it ever, but one of the things that could clearly be cured is if there are a number of people
that say they should have been allowed a vote and were not given a vote.
And apparently there are many people like that in West Broward, which could have been clearly gourd country.
So those people should call 491 2000 and share that story with those people answering the phones there.
Okay, thanks, no.
Okay.
Fine.
Let's take a look at this.
A Nader in two ray rays who are when devoted, 47 to 21 for gourd in two ray rays.
They're doing the exit poll on who you would have voted for, the Nader people.
Shut up.
But at any rate, so 47, other ways about two thirds, right?
So we take two thirds of the 96, 997,000 votes.
The Nader got here only 1.7% but never less, almost 100,000.
It's like 62, to 35.
62,000 to 35,000.
That would be a 27,000 vote advantage for gourd there.
That could overcome even the difference in those out of the country, out of this world.
I think we got some coming in from outer space.
However many it takes, that's how many are coming in.
And for the guy before that was giving you a son to dance about how it looks real bad when the Democrats were able to cut the margins from 48,000.
So the Democrats aren't in control of the machinery of this state at the moment.
Last time I checked, we had a Republican governor, Republican legislature.
They're the ones who pull all the strings.
I'm not suggesting that any of those sheriff's cars that were driving around wandering around 130 in the morning.
Look, well, I mean, what kind of a system is that anyway?
It's kind of like saying that, who do you trust?
Pick up the ballots, the boxes full of all our ballots, and trust to make sure that all of them are going to wind up there.
You know what I'm saying?
And the longer the lay is, it makes you kind of wonder if there's something, or I just like some of the mailmen,
you know, picking through the mail.
Oh, here's a couple of good social security checks. That looks good. I'll take those. I'll take this one.
Yeah. Here's somebody who says, I'm a darkie and I voted. I was just listening to WEDR and Senator Kerry Meeks said they found ballot boxes and several visitors that are in black neighborhoods in a couple of in-browards.
They found ballot boxes. The number is the media are giving out to the public.
Our incorrect. It's not a difference of 1700. It's only 263 votes apart. I smell something very fishy. It says they're dark, complex, and frank.
How do you like that? They found ballot boxes. Maybe under somebody's desk.
Yeah, under somebody's desk. Maybe in the toilet somewhere. Maybe in the rain. I don't know. They're just hanging around here and there.
And thank God that this happened in the state that we can trust a lot. We don't have dead people voting and we never have a fixed election here in Florida.
Yeah. If you voted on a poll, you might want to be checking because we made Eric change the wording on it because I'm watching their statements about the Florida election.
Do you believe the election results in Florida are honest? 42 no. Proviest. 5 no.
5 no. But they're still a lot more complex than it can't figure it out. Democrat. 7 still undecided. Undetermined. Just too close to call.
Shut up, Frank. Okay. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Okay.
Listen, I was listening to you and NPR radio this morning was reporting this in ballot boxes. And for you.
You know, the people that say that they're vote doesn't count. They're vote does count. And I spoke to people yesterday that said, you know, I didn't vote for whatever reason.
And I mean, that could certainly make a difference as well. I used to be a Republican and I voted for our board.
And I remember what Ronald Reagan said. I used to be a Democrat and had a Republican party had left him behind. Right.
Man, I feel the same way. It is amazing. I called the White House at 202 456 14 14. They said to speak to your local election board. Now that's like leaving the Fox in charge of the chicken. Right.
That's what I think called done. Call you on TV. You can straighten it out with all of the things that we have seen here in Florida.
The things that we've seen here locally in Miami, Miami, Dave County. It's just amazing. It's it's sickening.
And of course, keep in mind that the ballot, the boxes of ballots, evidently, at least from this one factor that are kind of there's finding now are from Black neighborhoods.
Now Blacks in Florida voted for and go 93 to 7%. 93% so you're talking about boxes full of grub votes that are out there floating around somewhere.
You know, this this election has been historic. I read today in the Miami Harold. One of those able to see that results and turnout has not been seen like this since 1916.
I mean, a little bit before my time, but nevertheless, a historic proportion. I mean, the people need to need to make some phone calls and they need to stand up.
And they need to be heard and they need to be counted. They really do because it's amazing in an election like this. You know, it's very important.
Amen. Okay. Give it a pal. Thank you.
Thank you, Neil. Here's the fact that says we must tell everyone in Palm Beach County to facts.
850 922 3969 and complain about the ballot. It is urgent. Please spread the word now. Now there are stupid people seniors.
You know, something you don't have to be stupid. I realized that the elderly like, you know, maybe their eyesight is not that good.
Maybe they're a little bit of a few steps slower. Maybe they are stupid, but there's a lot of stupid younger people too.
But it says there are people who have voted for Buchanan instead of the choice score. Help get the word out of this urgent.
Facts that number are complained about the ballot in Palm Beach. 850 922 3969.
But you know, when all of a sudden done and even illegal beagle like norm there and all these other, you have, if you can talk to a hundred different lawyers now and different experts, they're all going to tell you a hundred different things because nobody knows the trouble we see.
You believe the election results in Florida honest 82 votes in the absence we change this thing a minute ago.
62 say no. 13 yes. 7 say.
Out of no.
McConnell said for years that nobody has ever lost their seat because of campaign financial form. Well, I think it's very arguable that in Delaware.
Okay. Florida recount to end Thursday. So I'll say it again. In case you missed the beginning. You've been driving around.
They automatically by law when it's this close. Have to have a recount.
And they must finish it by the end of the business day tomorrow by five o'clock tomorrow.
That's what they find all those missing ballot boxes back in the toolsheds and where you mean the ones that they burn.
Well, you said it's not fashionable to burn black folks anymore. So we'll just burn their votes.
4 3DO 560 W2A F Miami Port Lauderdale of easily broadcast group stage have WQAM dot com or the world.
This is me who wants your show. This is your brain. Any question?
How about having people sign an affidavit? How about they take all those ballots for Buchanan?
And they contact each and every one of them, huh? And find out whether they were trying to vote for Pat Buchanan or for whom they want to devote and send them a form to go knocking on the door.
How do they do it? And I have to sign an affidavit because people of course from Sanstead may want. I'll they know the result.
Take a look at these numbers again. Somebody fast me this. I've already got it. I've got seventy. I mean, look at the percentages though.
Broward County, Pat Buchanan got thirteen hundredths of one percent in the vote.
Lee County, even those Yahoo's over there, he got sixteen hundredths of a percent.
In Palm Beach County, he got almost eight tenths of a point.
If you take Dave, Broward, Martin, Orange and Hillsborough counties altogether, that's one, two, three, four, five of the biggest counties in the state.
They're combined total for Buchanan is twenty six hundred of your take.
Palm Beach were supposed to believe that Pat Buchanan got thirty four hundredths in both. Is there anybody who believes that?
No. Are there any of the most partisan bush people who believe it?
No.
The Buchanan people. No. I mean, you know, I'm not trying to be a bad loser here because I went to bed at two twenty.
Sanhei was exciting and I was up there. I was nail biting and it was whatever.
Especially when you got to Boeing candidate, but nevertheless it was exciting. I went to bed saying, okay, he won.
So I was prepared to deal with that. But when you find out about all these shenanigans and about ballot boxes for a ballot smithing and people being disenfranchised and told us they can vote.
And all of a sudden we go from three hundred and fifty thousand absentee ballots to over half a million.
And now it's almost a million. I'm surprised we don't have ten million.
You know how many we got? Whatever it takes. Whatever it takes, that's how many absentee ballots we've got. Well, how many do we need?
Probably another thirty thousand. Okay. Those ones that are coming in from outer space. They're coming in from your back dome.
For Joe Costello's ride, he's taken a personal lesson. He just beat up his dog or something.
Psychotic. I don't see how I'm psychotic too, but I don't have the energy for that because I was up.
So I mean just click in and the back and forth and yeah, you know, I'm in a coma.
Here's howl and beach. Hello. Stop the cry man. GW on. No, he did not. No, he didn't.
So he didn't win. He didn't win nothing. In fact, at the moment, he's 14 electoral votes behind.
More on. You see another one of those into GW one.
They want to get your dog away. Okay. And the most him or something out of our face.
At the moment, of course, got 260 electoral votes and Bush has got 246. The Bush master GW.
But you know what they say about birds of a feather gravitate together.
No, no, no. As long as you're man one, that's not worry about how suspicious it is or how vigorous it is or how many dead people voted or how many boxes full of ballots are missing.
No, it's just that we win. We win. It's like a football game to this punk. We it's that we we thing again.
If you could find one. Here's Merlemore. Hello. Hey, new. I don't know. Okay. Hey, listen, I, you know, that Palm Beach thing.
I tell you know, the whole input is never any good, you know, but seriously, we need a national polling procedure standard.
And we need a national ballot card standard. And we need to make a national holiday for voting.
Yeah, I'm. I'm a Bush support. I'm, but I'm more for fair for fair representation of people.
And I also for electoral college. I think it's important each state and it kind of makes a choice for the government.
Why? Well, because it's an each state does make its own choice for their own state government and for their own representative.
And I don't want to ask you a national election. One is 51 independent elections.
And at the point that's where it's always been. That's that. That's right. 51 different elections. Yeah. Let's allize it in that.
What kind of a cliche? Because you have 50 states in a district of Columbia. Yeah. The whole individual elections that tend to their electoral colleges to the.
Yeah. Yeah. So in other words, if you live in Delaware, your vote counts like one one 18th as much as if you live in California. No, no, no. Yes.
The thing is, you know, we, sir, let me say it again. If you live in Delaware, which has three electoral votes, California's got 54.
Right. Means your vote potentially counts one 18th as much as somebody's vote in California. Right.
Because you live in a much less popular state. So that is logical to you that if you live in a sparsely and like in North Dakota summer,
your vote only counts one 18th as much as somebody lives in California. Only suggest we get to wear it and just cut to all the votes as one. There you go.
Popular vote. How what a concept. Let me ask you this when we have elections for governor. Do we have electoral votes by county? No, no. That's right. Well, that. Okay. That's right. Thank you. I think each county ought to have its own election.
Y'all, he's telling. I think each block. Because he's not like a chip or something reminds me of chip off the old block. Each block ought to have its own. We can have block parties to pot luck.
Suffers. Yeah. I'll be the part plan our strategy. A few pot sufferers, baby. How did that thing come out in the bad? Anybody knows? Oh, they, they had some of the people that they hit on.
Oh, look at a 72% of white people in voted in Florida. 16% of African American to this spectacular job. And how long do we see the Hispanics? Why do we see the Hispanics there? It was I think 11%.
Oh, here go. Hispanics 50% for Bush. 48% for more and 2% for others. Which is just about even Steven because Hispanics being not just the old truth was Cubans down there, but other Cubans and other Hispanics.
Not even Hispanics just about even Steven. See if we get it just gotten a few more of those valid boxes in the Shrarrino. I'm talking about those dark folks. If we get it just kept a few more of those and set thrown out like 80% of them.
Something really stinks. And the best part of the whole deal is here it is. It's past 11 o'clock in the morning. Now back in 60 when they had the Kennedy Nixon thing that was so close, seven o'clock the next morning they came on and told us they're Kennedy to want.
Even though they had their states all screwed up with their projections back then because back in those days the only computers they had were those big univacs computers that took up like a whole room.
So they were like a little bit primitive but nevertheless they got it right and Kennedy did win. Thanks to a few dead people in Illinois, maybe a few other places and in West Virginia, a little hanky, panky in there.
But you would think by this thing because the kind of stuff that's going on now is the kind of stuff we read about from the 19th century in the history books and we say, oh, well, you know, that was back in the days when everything was corrupt and they didn't have the media to watch over them and yada yada yada. Yeah, everything was corrupt back then.
They got it. It's honest now. Our poll 156 votes 119 of them don't take it to want us now at least in Florida as once again we pull it off. I told you yesterday it's all about you guys. It's all about Florida.
And you went out there and record numbers and tried to do you did you do to do your best or whatever it is and they still want to screw you.
If there's anybody who really believes with all of these massive irregularities and all the contradictions in the boxes full of ballots missing and driving a line in the middle of the night, that this election in Florida was legitimate that it was kosher even to leave them in.
I didn't touch it with this tongue and the election either.
Not all the vice president senior advisors getting rest the contingency of 70 from national went down led by former chief of staff Ron Claim to oversee the the recount down in Florida.
They're in route to look at that. I hope they're looking over their shoulder and sticking their knee up there to make sure no more hanky panky.
You know, I think was in charge of the vote count here. Tommy James and the Sean Delts.
9 minutes after 11 of 5.50 W.2. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
There's a report after night that 24 years ago. I was after hand it in penny buck for name for a DUI. That's an after story. I'm go out of that.
I often found said that occasionally drank and I did on that night, but I made the decision.
I want my girls doing the kinds of things I did and that's all going to drink and drive.
Susan I may. I'm very glad with the people saying that I bring that. Yes, I was. I'm going to drink.
There. Yeah. I need to use to the back in the company. There's a still years ago. My father very happy about it.
And that's the first of action. I feel and I and I and I'm the first to say that people of America will understand that.
Amen. We understand. 11.14 at 5.60. You know, I forget Joe Costello on the QM pan at the Citro gas station. 50 Southeast 8th Avenue and highly a noon to 2 today.
The best in the old city and stuff. Three passes to the Bobby LaBody lunch at the unpack. Take housing. Kettle them all into two.
And also free tickets to the Linux. One expel way at the homes that mommy speedway. I think we got pulled last 24 hours is what we did most of us.
Here's a very monumental fact that says if there ever was an effing reason to make sure guns remain in the hands of the people, it is the possibility of the federal government overturning the vote of the people.
This is a non-protestant statement just having nothing to do with Bush or Gore. We've said anyone's on in this historic moment.
Just think about what is possible in a situation like an election where after the votes are cast and counted, government officials or judges like the one in Missouri who decided to lift the polls they open next to three hours, only in certain neighborhoods can decide all to the results.
The people should have the guns to make sure these government efforts are dealt with very quickly. I'm putting shelves in the chamber right now as we speak and heading for the election office.
The signs and silly one who cares. All right. He's getting pissed off and fired up.
Here's good news from the old Kootenmime Beach. He says Jesse's coming out to rally knighted about this church in North Miami for everybody who felt that their vote was mishandled or as handled on CNN 1045 AM.
It was just a little while ago. I saw Jesse on here. He was going to do it like that. Let him have it Jesse.
Perfect. So like I said, we like you once in a while. Not most of the time. Once in a while. Let him have it.
So Lisa Leopthor is the supervisor of elections. The supervisor in Palm Beach County. She's the one she's the bit. I mean the lady who was responsible. I guess for laying out that ballot. Now the state law allows each county to determine the law for its own ballot.
But evidently Palm Beach County was the only one that in her brilliance and eminent wisdom decided to put the presidential candidates on two different pages.
It was pretty that song by the birds to my back pages. Bring out all these all our great stuff.
The celebrate because don't forget all this hanky panky. That only went on in the olden days before they had all this oversight and before everything was so hunky-dory.
And I'm going to say it again. What somebody brought this up a few days ago. Excellent points. What about computerized instead of these paper ballots?
Huh? How about computerized all cooked into a central terminal?
Well, I'll acknowledge you we've got today with the internet that I invented and all this other good stuff. Why the hell not?
Instead of this archaic crap and you put your slip your little ballot on that thing and you have to make sure it's under two little prongs there.
And you have to try to make sure it's all lined up for just right. And if it's not your screwed and your vote isn't worth a crap.
What kind of garbage is that? It's almost you get the feeling that the government is doing everything. First of all, they don't make it a national holiday on election day like they do almost everywhere else.
And number two, it's like they're doing everything in their power to keep you away from voting to discourage you.
And then they chew us out by saying, oh, these people, they don't care. They're not involved in their system like other countries.
Why not make it a little bit harder? It's good to make it a little bit harder. I think I just came up with a solution for the whole deal.
I say, let's just say it.
Until we can straighten all those things out if it's another two months extra, if it's another six months, if it's another six years.
Let them stay in there. They don't like them personally, but they still got almost a 65% job approval rating.
We like nothing else to do.
Wow, what are you talking about? He's got to be the first lady in the New York now.
Crazy. Here's Royal Palm Beach. Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My aunt at 18 years has been with the precincts in Palm Beach County.
Yes, sir.
And she called us last night and very upset actually crying on the phone the last night because of the ballot style 28.
It was used in the precincts throughout Palm Beach County through the three to the point.
She said that many of the people, older Jewish people, especially out here in Royal Palm Beach, my aunt,
are all in the shape of punch and we can't.
You can't, you can't at all.
Or foster a vice president because it doesn't keep the holes or so close to one another.
Right.
And some of them got very upset in the precinct there where it was kind of hostile a few times during the day yesterday.
And they told them not to speak to the media or anything about the situation that they were in there.
But I felt it was the, I wanted to call you because I've been listening to you for many years.
And she's very upset and there's a number she said we can call.
It's Eric called 561-355-2650.
Or is a website that she gave me that you want to call from Palm Beach.
It's www.bbc-election.4.
And it's very important that so many people who may be listening to you that might have made that mistake and came forward.
And they said there's nothing they can do but they did give out numbers here.
3255-2650.
Yes, it's Eric called 561-355-2650.
Okay.
And it was just a mess.
We did receive about 28.
There's a hundred different ballot styles in Palm Beach County.
And it happened to use this one, I don't know why.
I guess because the bridge, the bridge is the shame.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thank you, Chris.
Yeah, somebody fast me just now a large copy.
Clear as they are bill of the Palm Beach County ballot.
The only thing that's not clear is the little holes.
I guess they can't depict the holes around them.
Maybe it doesn't pick up on the fact machine.
And really, that's not as impressive when you don't see where the holes are.
But you know, a lot of you guys, the two holes real close together.
That's always been a bit of excuse in the past.
Didn't know which one I was punching.
But what kind of a cock-eyed thing is this?
Why in the name of...
It's good.
...that it has to be laid out like this.
Confusing is an understanding.
And talk about psychosis.
Can you imagine being an old Jewish, Rhetary in Palm Beach County
getting already lined up there to vote for Gourmet and Jew Labourman?
And you wind up voting for Pat Buchanan?
Oh my God!
Talk about adding insult to injury.
Talk about rubbing the salt in your room.
So let's give those numbers again.
Always the number that Nuremberg gave out.
I got number 12.
Like what?
No, that's not right.
The one that Nuremberg gave out?
954.
And 491-2000.
Sorry.
491-2000.
If you're one of those people in the most proud, it wasn't allowed to vote
because they can hear a song and a dance about 30 titles.
Huh?
Yeah.
And in Palm Beach County, if you're afraid, if you're afraid,
you're one of those people, or you know somebody who's probably one of those people.
And you want to complain bitterly in the race holy hell about the fact that you
intend to vote for Gourmet and you wind up voting for Buchanan or somebody else.
561-area code, 355-2650.
355-2650, or check out their website, www.pbc-elections.org, or RG.
PBCElections.org.
Okay.
And it's just astonishing.
Can we do anything right in this state?
No.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
The laughing stock of America.
And we all are just a coincidence that GW's brother happens to be the governor.
Is that just a coincidence?
Of course.
We all believe that.
Just a coincidence.
We certainly don't want to accuse our governor and his very highly esteemed family, the Bush-Mythus.
I mean, just the fact that Neil was involved in the SNL scandals and all the other things that
have gone on in the mind-contra and all the other lies and read my lips.
But I mean, he's the very honorable Bruno's the last family, the Bush's.
What about a smuggler's life?
And are you going to start talking about poor Esmeralda again?
What the hell is your name?
El Calumba.
Calumba.
Yeah.
Poor Calumba.
Well, she just doesn't want to get chewed out.
What about his crazy son?
Yeah.
And he wants to be laid, okay?
If he looks like him, I'm going to get laid.
Hello, father.
My name is Calumba.
I got off that plane after shopping in front to get your money away.
I bought a gun, a flow, a expensive bottle, a jewel, and you win a banter to think that's
to be you.
I feel like that ain't hard to swallow.
And they wouldn't let me buy.
But I did not get a problem.
So I'm just governor's wife.
Yeah, some Jeb's will be the employer who will give up my life with such a favor.
After all, my husband's brother will soon be your dictator.
I'm like sure there's a bit of I buy anything I need and just one thing more.
I'll be a grisky family value.
When I get back from the fall, I'll have a lot of money.
Now, this is even worse, okay?
Because now I've got the two pieces of evidence from Palm Beach County.
First, here's the cover letter that Theresa LaPourr, Palm Beach County Supervisor of Election
Center.
Dear voter, Palm Beach County has 100 ballot styles or ballot variations.
We are sending you the sample ballot which contains only the candidates and issues for which
you are allowed to vote.
Your urge to become informed and all candidates and issues on the ballots, you may make your
selection before going to the polls.
It is legal for your market choices on the sample ballot and taking into voting both
A.D.
and voting.
However, such a market ballot is for your own use and must not be openly displayed at
the Audi Audi.
If you're unsure of the polling location or the printing call, this number, etc.
Now, we go back and look at this full page, very crystal clear.
What did I say before about what you don't see on there?
You don't see the holes.
How can you stick it in the right place if you don't see the hole?
Like fumbling around in the dark, like Al Goldstein in the dark room over there at the
Adonis joint.
Seriously, that's what it's like.
It's fumbling in the dark.
And you know something, this would contribute to confidently punching in that second square
area right under the bush one on top.
It's got Republican George W. Bush, they're changing.
And in the second one, Democratic Al Goldio Lieberman and it's got number five with the
arrow to the right.
What it doesn't show is that there are two little holes to the right of that.
But if you weren't paying any attention on what's on the other page to the right of it,
you'd assume that a punch in there is a vote for it.
You don't have to be some old senile bastard to do that.
All of it helps.
I mean, you know, unacceptable.
You crazy, crazy, piece of crap to reach a la poor.
And you poor voters there in Palm Beach County.
What a shame that you have to wind up being the triggers in the wood pile and get all
only a part of it.
I mean, at least we assume that most of the votes are counted.
Are we going to assume anything really at all?
No.
In fact, I hope that Governor Jebster is less than one of his representatives, one of his
clonies up there.
And by the way, you're finished, Jeb.
I mean, if you're working for a formative action and a citrus canker program and all the other
things you've done to piss off just about every group of people in this state, if it wasn't
for those things, now your curse is crap, baby.
You are history, Jebster.
You believe the election results in Florida are honest.
No, 166.
Yes, 33.
And don't know 18.
How do you like that?
76.5% of the people out there in Radio Land don't believe in what we are being peddled
here as election results in the state of Florida.
And what I'm hearing now is that we had 72 million absentee ballots.
And they all voted for Bush.
So what are we complaining about?
Almost at 80 million?
26 after 11 at 560, to be the QAM.
But Neil Roger shows New Sports Radio 560s, QA and I was mad at L.
Oh, congratulations, Generalife.
Tonight at 9 on the phone network, it's Emerald.
Guys playing.
Okay, so tonight we're going to kick it up a couple of, good not to.
What the f**k you clapping for, honey?
Ain't no f**k yet.
Yes, Emerald's nice play, let us do it a day for them all.
Showed you how to do things in the kitchen you never dreamed of.
Today, I'm going to show you how to smoke fish.
What the f**k is this for?
And nobody reservesively likes Emerald's ice plays.
Jack and Jill, what up the hell?
Don't make themselves some stew.
And just like an oven, Jill needed some oven.
So he put his meat in there.
Oh, is that genius?
The hottest cooking show on cable.
Take a look at this, but cool on, would you?
Come on, baby, you know you want to grab my greener.
That Emerald's ice play right after Iron Chef.
It's a f**k, snap my head.
Good blind food, these people with them so bold.
Oh, Leon, the f**king food network.
I'm a pretty 1 to 560 WDQM, so Michael K, who's obviously pissed off, sends me a convoluted facts with many errors in it.
He says the actual number of voice palm is 30 500 votes for you, Ken.
347, I mean you're close, Mike, but and then he says the next close is in the entire state of 1000 votes in Tonellas.
Even closer, a thousand and 10.
There he goes on to say that asshole made a cause, gore, three other states besides Florida.
Maine with four electoral votes made a got 37, they would have put a gore in the win column.
I hate to make the news to you, Michael, but they'll go got all four votes, electoral votes in a state of Maine.
The New Hampshire made a got 22,000, they would have put a gore in the win column, four electoral votes that is correct.
Oregon with five made a got 54,000, nobody has won that state so far.
But what he's missing is he says these additional electoral votes will give go 273, but he already won Maine with those four, so he's given them twice.
So even with those states he'd still get 260, 260.
Yeah, yeah, it's still be one short like that.
Madonna, look like says it to check out in the Bud Light commercial.
Still short.
Yeah, still short.
So I tried it, Michael, but close to not a match.
See, it's still no matter how you fly through this, as soon as gore won while there's state there is it was getting in the way hours of the morning and head, you know,
Wisconsin was hanging out in Iowa and Oregon and what else? Arkansas and Washington and you know, going either win one goes plus Florida.
Now, both of you would have won all the remaining three or four, whatever was thicker one without Florida, did he do it?
No, no, since he lost Iowa, since gore won Iowa, it put it all right on the onus right on our anus right here in Florida.
And I told you for years, if you look at the shape of the state on the map, you look at this penis of love, Aris.
And that should tell you a lot. I think there's something really symbolic there.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, man.
Yeah, let's just wondering, is there a way to trace the balance of those people that voted for you can identify them and kind of find out something that they indeed voted for?
Well, that's what I was saying before. I would think that they could they could certainly isolate those that got all the ballots.
So there is a way of like for instance in my vote, they can trace it and they can find out if five or this is such a such a person.
No, they can't do that.
No, no, no, no, no, what am I saying? How can I say that? Because they tear the thing off. They can't do that. It's just a paper ballot.
Yeah, so there's no way for them to identify those people that voted for you can and those people and votes and identify them.
Now, the people all have to come forward the ones who and of course the people so there's no way to prove it.
Because now all kinds of people can come forward and say, oh, I messed up. I really wanted to know like some of the native people could come out and say, I really wanted to vote for Gordon.
I so let's invalidate my vote. Here's my name on this thing. You just can't do it.
I think what they have to do is have the whole election over again.
I agree. I agree.
Well, why not? There's nothing else going on.
What is the rest of the country think? It's just said that. Feel this way.
They're saying, oh, there's more on the floor again.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, what am I thinking about? They can't track those people. That's all if you write your name on your ballot.
Because then that guy with his gun, he really have some good-shaped made. Yeah.
He's a little knock on your door. Oh, I have your ballot here. Looks like you voted for Mashi Pupak in the election.
We want to take you to a little ride here.
You're going to ride around here. Maybe you can help us find those boxes full of those ballots that are missing now.
You know from those duck neighborhoods.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line. I am in coherent.
Dear field B, Chilla.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Let's see. Our Neil assholes had any doubt in their mind about what kind of a shrub that they're both sending to Washington.
Half your panel was on a little while ago giving his rejection speech.
Yes. And he said that George W. Bush's election represents the conviction of Bill Clinton and that he was happy to have played a pout in it because it's going to be of great benefit to the American people when it comes time to select the Supreme Court.
Isn't that great? That's what he had to say.
Not to not see. One other question I had about the electoral college.
Well, first the comments. They'll never get rid of that. It takes a constitutional amendment and it has to be ratified by two thirds of the states.
Well, I think you're wrong. We say they'll never get rid of it. I disagreeing.
Well, I agree with that. Because when you say two thirds of the states, let's face it.
The overwhelming majority of the states. Take a look at all the states that Bush won last night. Most of those states have got very few.
They've got three, five, six electoral votes. They're only a handful of states like Texas, New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Florida, California. They've got enormous numbers of electoral votes.
Well, it still takes a constitutional amendment to do it.
Well, if there's enough fuel about it, it'll happen.
That's true. Now, here's my question. There was going to come a tie.
I mean, if they were screaming about having a constitutional amendment to prevent you from making it illegal to burn the American flag, I'm sure that this might be just a little bit more important than that.
Well, it's possible. But consider this. In the electoral college in the state of Florida, there are 11 electoralists, two of which are the two state senators, which are both Democrats.
And then there's a bunch of other electoralists. They still have to cast their bowler.
That's absolutely correct. That's right.
But what if they decide they don't want to do that because of the situation in Palm Beach County?
Well, you know, they had one of the legal experts on. Of course, they're going to be saying 60,000 legal experts the next two days.
Earlier on CNN, and he was saying that, you know, they can technically go ahead, even though it might be in violation, it will be in violation of the law.
And vote for anybody they want. And they could actually put them in jail, but nevertheless, they can't change their vote.
So they can still go in vote for anybody they want and vote what have to count. But then they might throw the rest in jail for doing it.
It'd be in jail, but we have our goals.
There you go. And then we could say to George W. Bye-bye.
We can bring back jail for it to give them a pardon. There you go.
Okay. I think we just got it solved.
Hey, look at this show, man. There's no problem that we can't solve. Nothing is too hard for us.
Before the presidential race in Florida became too close to call, the Democrats called for a recount in Florida.
Party officials said voters are complaining of misinformation, possible tampering, and other irregularities in the sunshine state.
And you know something, they would still know what the right number is.
That's far too that sent me the facts before. He'd be right.
They still know that it's 1700. Is it 200? How did it go from 48,000 to 200? How did it go from 217, 145?
And here's somebody in Palm Beach, lamenting the fact that she says by gore, there were two holes.
I had to figure out which one said voter Lena Frank. That's what W's to say too about Monica.
I asked one of the ladies to help and she didn't know. When I left, I figured out that I voted wrong. Said Lena Frank said a, another voter Mary Cohen, make Cohen said, I don't know if I voted wrong.
Republicans had only one hole. How do you like that? And then of course those worst people keep getting screwed up.
I'm never going to find that. Am I? Oh yeah. But Christ said she's only got one hole. Yeah.
So the confusion runs rampant. 21 to moon to find 60 WQ and 17 to moon at 560 WQ and we got to hang gore show it to with what they
did today Wednesday. We got a galley on game night from the hard rock cafe at 6. Can anyone is at the panthers at the
several clock. But I mentioned about Gary Sarner what an asshole he is. I don't think I mentioned that on the air.
You know, I've been up all night, go to bed at 2.30. I wake up this morning, seven o'clock, 750 at your 9 p.m. And now it's all up in the air again.
I've been in just in broiled in this thing. I voted yesterday morning right now that was their quarter to seven.
First time in years I've voted. And I'm thinking to myself, this is what everybody everybody has got to be talking about.
Now, right here in a row, stay right? Oh, I get out of my car in a parking lot down there. And here's a bald mic who's really a bizarre guy.
And Gary Sarner, two of our sales holes here at QAM. And as I'm approaching him, I think I'm good morning up.
And the first thing out of Gary Sarner's mouth is, what do you think about that air excited kid? Is he going to help us?
He's doing hockey talk. And you know what? I'm not that I didn't already know. But I'm thinking to myself about Gary Sarner at that point.
He's an asshole. Yeah. He's getting me a new discussion about the Panthers. And then I come into building and Joe Costello is one of the few of us who was like following at the mouth about this text election.
And he says he was trying to show the sample battle of the Palm Beach thing with some of the people out in the hallway, some of the other folks out here.
Certainly, nobody's talking about it because it doesn't have to look if it was a pull for the BSC, the BSC pearl, the college football pearl, then they say, oh my God, let's see that.
We have got to have the most lifeless bunch of goofballs in this building. I have ever worked with in my life, the sports nerds.
I mean, you know, default he's in the way he's in the election, a hang heavily into it. He voted four or five times.
But generally speaking, these punks that we have in this building, all they care about is ball games and making illegal bets. That's basically an on ball games. That's what it pulls down to.
Wait till you hear this.
Tuesday morning, four Florida Highway patrol troopers set up a safety checkpoint, stopping cars 1.4 miles from Woodville Baptist Church in Tallahassee, a polling precinct in an area where a third of the voters are African American.
By Tuesday afternoon, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Florida Attorney General Civil Rights Division and the State Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles had launched investigations after someone complained that the checkpoint was intimidating black people.
Voters who voted 93% for our garage would point out again.
The complaint forwarded to us by the Department of Justice raised the issue of possible intimidation of black voters at Paul Hancock, Deputy Attorney General for South Florida and Chief of the Intestable Rights Division.
We are taking this seriously. We jumped on it right away. They jumped on it. Major Ken Howell spoke to him for the FHP Tallahassee.
The report said it appeared the checkpoint was not conducted according to the Department of Guidelines. It didn't have the approval of the District Commander and the media was not notified in advance.
How strange, huh?
Details were still incomplete as of late Tuesday, but Howell said the 90-minute checkpoint yielded citations to two white women and one black women.
A 13-faulty equipment notices three white to black men and two white to black women. Two written warnings were issued two to white women and one to a white man.
Troopers stopped every car house said, but troopers are not required to record the race of every driver stopped. Only those against whom enforcement action is taken.
The checkpoint was motivated by the FHP's gasoline crunch, FHP official said. Troopers have been asked to cut back sharp around gasoline consumption, said Major Kevin Gidry, FHP Acting Troop Commander in charge of the Pallihaven Hassee office.
They were trying to be visible yet saved gas. They probably never occurred to them where they were.
They want to be visible but saved gas? It's just a coincidence.
So in other words, instead of riding around following people and riding people with speed or driving a ladder or a truck or many of the above, they just stop there and don't waste any more gas and just stop everybody.
Only a coincidence there was only a mile and a half less than a mile and a half from this appalling place where third of the voters are African American.
And where they have an alley is a high concentration of dark folks.
According to records in the Leon County Supervisor of Election's office, there are 2229 registered white voters of voters of the church.
There were 915 African Americans, the 20th Spanish and the 120 others. Martians.
Here's another fact that says the Go ahead quarters is taking calls from people who want to report problems at elections yesterday.
You can call 954-927-8331. Go ahead quarters. 954-927-8331.
If you had any election problems or regularities, if they gave you a bunch of crap.
Attorney General Bobby Butterworth's number in Howard. 954-712-4600. He's investigating complaints.
954-712-4600.
This fact says the precinct I worked in in Hollywood yesterday said in all time record more than 13 hundred people hold it between 7 and 4.
Many of them were rejected for one reason or another and sent back to the office of Supervisor of Election.
You know, few people would bother to find out where it is and where to go.
I instructed them to go back and ask the poor employees to call the office and help them out.
That's what they're there for. But they were slow and very unhelpful.
I heard this kind of problem everywhere in Broward. I can imagine what happened in other counties.
It says we must be united in fact they bush it conspiracy.
It's now new to many of us who read books about what they do and we know that Jebyson working very silently in Florida.
Remember Clinton's impeachment.
See if they can't take over the country one way, if they can't drop Baba out of there with their impeachment, they'll do it another way.
They'll steal a guy demolition. That's what it boils down to.
This mysterious turnaround.
Back and forth. I mean, should we know the total cost of election? You give a lot of close dates on a flight.
Probably had a few dead people vote in here and there.
But I'm going to say it again. How is it possible that George W is ahead by 48,000 plus votes at 220 in the morning when all the networks declared him the next president?
I go to bed and then all of a sudden I find out that an hour and 20 minutes later he's ahead by 200 and some votes instead of 48,000.
And now it's 1700 and nobody still knows what that was all about.
And we still don't know how many people are driving. Maybe they're still driving around with the boxes of ballots now.
We don't know.
Because all we have to go out is to take their word for it just like those 420 million ballots. Those absentee ballots.
And I hear that I hear it's really 52 million coming from overseas.
We thought it was only 30,000. Whatever it takes.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yes sir. Yes I am. How are you doing?
Okay. There is a way you can track the voters in West Palm Beach. Simply because when you sign in you're signing in with a special led pencil.
And the pencil is relative to the barcode and the barcode has a number which they write on which is from the ballot.
They write on the plot that you're signing.
Yeah but they tear the part of the ballot off and they play the title.
And yeah right. But they have the idea that you punched down the rest of the ballot that you stick in that little gray envelope and put in the box.
Well they don't do it. The same number that's on the part that they tear off is on the part that you put in the box.
And it's also on the part where you sign and get to the lady.
So that barcode is actually coordinating with the other two numbers.
So they actually really do know who is the total Peru. It was the invasion of privacy. Right.
And that generally done. And I highly illegal. Yeah.
But I would think it could be done probably in a certain stance where they think there's a wrongdoing but they're trying to do a re-election or something like that.
I said let me call it. I would hope they can do something like that considering more of the electronic they're using to do the ballot in the first place.
I wonder how they give you as far as this applies.
I don't know but I'm sure a lot of people are fighting a lot of nuttles just waiting for an answer.
Well you got to wait till tomorrow afternoon at the earliest.
That's probably true. And then that will be a lie.
Hang on tight. Take care.
Okay. Here's the fact that says on a wife 48-year-old Jewish voter living in Boca who was cheated by the political system.
I thought I had voters for Al Gore but instead woke up this morning and find out I voted for you.
Can and this is an outrage.
I believe in America. I believe in the American system of democracy.
I believe in America.
How can you can and get 3400 seven votes when the next time total is well the last time total was a thousand ten.
The only fair way to decide is what the Palm Beach County voters do it again.
I said that's a good idea. Let's vote in Palm Beach again. What do you say?
Because then we can really focus in. We can zero in on old Palm Beach. Underline the old part.
Because I guarantee we can dig up a lot of dead people because they took and played this game, Jed.
We can dig up a lot of dead people and some of them are still walking around like the ones from the cemetery village.
Get a gigantic turnout.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Do you believe the election results in Florida or honest was the question we asked in our poll on neo-largeers.com today?
234 people said no.
That's 76% said no. They don't believe it. 55 said yes a little under 18% and don't know 20 or 6.5%.
Zion America baby.
And of course the markets now they know whether the screen read about any because they know who won.
That was up 42. Nasdaq is down 78.
Yeah. Because they haven't got any idea what to do.
Here's a lady in Pittsburgh. Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
I've been up all night.
So I'm just waiting.
Yeah.
I'm calling because in Pennsylvania we stood up for our seniors and we made sure that we voted for Gore who will take note of all of the senior citizens concerned.
I hope that the people in Florida will now contact their representative, Mr. Watchler who was on CNN this morning talking about all of the complicated and ballots that were mysteriously made too difficult for people to understand.
And I'm sure that was not done unintentionally.
I think those ballots were confusing on purpose.
And I think that's why Mr. Bush was so confident after being interviewed on TV when he was made aware that there was some problem.
He said, oh no problem.
You know it's taking care of there.
And I think that that's a clue.
I think that they knew that these ballots were being made too complicated.
So I hope that the people in Florida will become interested and outraged.
They're interested in their outraged except for our sports people but everybody else here is interested in outraged.
Well, in Pittsburgh we just didn't put up with it and we all rallied together.
And you notice how the Bush people were trying to also say everything that didn't come out their way was bogus. Pennsylvania was bogus. New Mexico was bogus.
And at the end of the night when everything was counted, yes, what they lost both of them.
Well, I think there's going to see the convicteds early side of George W.
I don't think he has a nice disposition like his father.
And I think they have been just so outraged.
Well, you know, as we're called and conceded, may they call him up and see the thing.
And evidently when he called him back the second time and said that well he was going to wait because he was very sure to him is what we're hearing.
Well, that's the personality. That's the person that's talking about what you see is what you get.
Yeah, great guy is a drunk and a real prick.
How he loves everybody and how he trusts everyone while we don't trust him and particularly in this vote in Florida and people in Florida do not sit back and stand back getting touched with Mr. Wester.
Do something about those ballots. Amen. Thank you. We're working on a sweetheart. Thank you. By the word.
Americans need to run off and for the supervised by the federal government says there's facts.
Maybe they should get Florida what it deserves throughout the Florida Luscious give the person say I can't do it because we're still got 260.
Got to have 270. That's what it says in the Constitution.
I think that if all else else we should say all Americans for Gore most of us go on a general strike.
I'll have the Cubans in Miami as a last resort. That's a good idea. I'm leaving right now.
Say what do you think of that? Yeah, let's go on a protest.
If I had the ability to I take you out of your right now.
Ticking God damn teeth. All right. That's going out. That's that music.
CNN reports that a ballot box with filled ballots in it was found in a precinct polling place in Miami unopened.
In Miami. I wonder what precinct that was in.
And it just keeps getting worse and worse. You see we've now reached the point. What am I doing? I'm way past the break.
But we've reached the point here where no matter what they do now. I'm not going to believe it. They have no credibility.
I think we're going to have a recall campaign. You know the guy with a citrus that Dr. Marvin moving from what a Melbourne wanted to recall.
Yeah, Bush. I say now we got about the balls. Let's say goodbye to get Bush who can play this game. The Bush family with all their power and all their money and all the dishonesty read my lips.
You are trying to steal this election and the presidency from the American people. They want it back. He had it. He lost it. Now they want it back.
I hope or by. Son of a bitch. Two minutes before noon in 560 QN.
Okay, we just continue to see that we don't even need God damn Colombo on here. Forget about Colombo or Shylock Holmes because even a moron, even the most partisan.
This isn't got anything to do with partisan and has to do with what kind of a country want to live in.
And what were we hearing about the revelation about the DWI and all those other so Democrats with their dirty tricks again, dirty tricks.
They're all full of dirty tricks. It's all a pile of crap. They just showed on CNN here and the blood is just flowing to my rectum at this point. I'm so pissed off.
They just showed a ballot box full 76 a was the number out of ballot box in date County and guess where it came from from an all black church.
That's right. That's where they were voting in all black church. Who knows how many hundreds or thousands of ballots there are in that box.
Maybe like 1700 something like that.
Sitting there, it's unopened. It's still locked. Maybe that's the lock box that we're talking about. Yeah, take all the votes.
They don't go for less than we'll put them in a lock box.
I'm going to tell you right now if there's an I don't care who you're for. Like I said, I was more than willing when I went to bed. I figured Bush had one. Okay. Life will go on.
But no matter who you're for, if this is anybody's idea of how you run an election.
And if this is this kind of governor and this kind of corruption that we have in this state in date County from coast to coast in a state.
If this is what you're willing to accept, then haven't helped the rest of us who are just pissed set up and tired of it and pissed off.
You got a lot of answering to do there, Jeff Sturk. You fully below me, Kate Mungering, right wing piece of crap you because that's exactly what you are.
And you hold God damn. Blue knows family.
I'm starting to think about that trilateral commission in the Bill of Burgers and the CIA.
And that good old boy network in Texas that conspiracy book I once wrote about the assassination of President Kennedy.
Now it's easy to say well, Amoffee did it and the Castro people did it and the anti-Castio people that it's easy to make up all there's eight million different theories on that.
But to think about the Texas oil man, you know, the big business guys in Texas, it's very interesting to see how everything seems to come right back there, doesn't it?
Just like the assassination itself, yeah.
LBJ who was the vice president just happened to be from Texas George W.
He's from Connecticut some days up at 80s from Texas.
The whole the Gothamish Baja, the whole bunch of corrupt bastards.
I mean, at least with the Kennedy's they had dead people voting. I mean, we're used to that. Speaking of corrupt.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's the fact that there's a 28 year old American born Julio Republican of course, but the news regarding this election is a horrific black guy of the American process.
We should fire up old Sparky one more time and have that election official in charge of the ballots in Palm Beach be the final user of the chair.
He says does this mean that this mean that Jim Lara is now the president of the United States?
I think you can give him a lot of credit Julio Ricardo give him a lot of credit for tossing those soft balls and those debates.
My dog could have asked better questions.
Here's the fact that there's an Palm Beach County resident who wanted to report the following information I've uncovered about this extremely suspect situation.
I made several calls yesterday to residents in both of West to get out to vote and spoke to a number of seniors at least three dozen who complained that they were confused about the ballot.
And somewhere I rate because they felt they have incorrectly selected the UKANN instead of Gore.
With almost 3,500 votes in Palm Beach alone from Buchanan this could easily turn the election in Gore's favor.
I've called Calla Hansi as you said the local supervisor of elections in Palm Beach County determined to lay out of the ballot in the order that the presidential nominees were placed both in Buchanan Gore.
I voted this county for 12 years and never seen a ballot that didn't list the top two party candidates first for putting any third candidate on.
I think with a population basically elderly and poor poor the change in nominee order because significant confusion obviously did.
I don't know if you recall the scandal from a few weeks ago about the 10,000 or so voters in Broward County who thought they had registered successfully on the Internet through a radio promotion only to find out they weren't were not eligible to vote.
At the time it wasn't considered to be that significant at the national level but with Florida not being the only factor between victory and defeat.
And since most voters from Broward who would choose to register this way would be much more likely to support Gore then worse this seems very significant now.
And if you're angry out there we're going to be all kinds of numbers today you can call numbers up the S.
Complete line this is in Palm Beach complaint line 561 805 5829 805 5829.
The Florida Attorney General's Office 850487 1963 850487 1963 and the Florida Division of elections 850488 7690.
850488 7690.
Here's Cape Coral. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I'm pissed off about this thing too because really all the people out there in Texas the bushes are really just a bunch of starched shirt regnets.
I mean, Bush made a few of these in sub pockets. Do you ever forget about that?
I mean, he made some ultimatums here in Florida. I'm a fireman and of all the labor organizations, AFLCIO and the United States.
Florida firefighters were the only ones that endorsed Bush for president and it was a little very tricks I think with the pension vote they had that Bush signed as soon as he got elected.
And so it's just dirty tricks back and forth stuff. You know, it's intimidation. It's exactly what you said before.
And in my area here, I must have put out 50 Gore-Leberman signs or just roadside signs.
And I would bet more than two-thirds of them looked like they were hacked up by a normal.
I mean, all the Bush-chaining signs are in perfect condition and all the Gore-Leberman signs look like they've been through a shredder.
So it just makes me sick. They're mean spirited. I kind of feel mean spirited back at them.
And you know something over the weekend, they were not in control for that speech when the prayer breakfast he was talking about good and evil.
And they were saying, oh, is he calling us evil? Yes. Yes. I think he just answered your own question, boys. Yes.
9 minutes after noon at 5.60 WDQL.
4th radio. 5.60.
QA.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
560 WDQ on this shutoff money. So here's Governor Bush, Jebstir, local office 305, 348,
6870. Those would like to express their dismay over the way that his election was handled
in the state of Florida and over the obvious, and before I read any more numbers, we're
getting calls from all over the place. What's specific? And it's not interesting how they're
finding these boxes full of ballots, unopened, but still padlocked, purine, all black neighborhood,
church, all black. So the fact that the goal was getting 92% of the black vote in the state
made it very convenient to just not count a whole bunch of adult folks. So like I said
before, they're not going to be burning any dark people this week in Florida, but at least
maybe they can burn their votes or hide them or just conveniently leave them around
somewhere or open. This is somebody's idea of how you run an election. Is that the
way it works in Florida? Governor Bush's local office in day 305, 348, 6870. Jeb Bush's
personal email, jebatmythlorida.com. Jebatmythlorida.com. And here's another number for the Jebstir.
8504882272. 8504882272. Even Scott Proman is pissed off about this. What is that on
top of it? That's not donuts, is it? That's it. It ought to be any donuts. I'm going to be
really psychotic. That's donuts. What is that? Is it donuts? That's my chicken. Oh, it looks
like he had a bottle of wine. He just said it's not donuts for Christ's. We don't need
no donuts in here, although it sounds good. 8504882272. I guess we're going to have to get
Eric Busy putting some of these numbers on that thing with later on. He'll do it on our
website, newrages.com. How's that pearl coming? Do you believe the election results in Florida
are honest? 236 say, no. Thanks, Scott. Get out of here. 336, 77%. 72 say yes, 16 and a half percent.
I'm sure one of those probably voter 14 times is that kind of call before that gives us
a song in a dance every single day. There's 25 million absentee battles that are coming in
in a second and don't know 28 6.4%. To make a lot. Hello. Hi, Donna. Hi. This is Donna
from Democratic Party headquarters. Yes. We understand that you've been giving out numbers
for the Democratic Party. So it's not the correct number. Okay. Well, straighten me out. I'll
be back to your office, but I'll give you a two or three of them right now. Okay. We are
in Eric Busy 6.1. And you can call 2651748 or 2653226 and 2652846. Okay. And I will be
impacting the list to you if you want to get the other out. Now, are you aware of these boxes
of ballots that they're fighting in their churches in various other places? Now that won't
even open much less counted last night? Yes. We've been getting those calls. How many? I don't
know. I don't know. So we have received a few calls and there are people in the office who are
working on it. Excellent. Okay. Anything we can do, Donna. Thank you. Just take
a few numbers. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Democratic Party. If you want to
call in the US, you won't allow the voter, whatever your beef is. 5612651748265322652652846. Thanks,
Donna. Oh, you know, well, yeah. Well, you're bothering me all day. I didn't know what to do about it.
So anyway, I was doing the word. It's a bomb. It's hot. I heard on the
elderly lady. In all that. I mean, elderly lady. And I knew immediately. We'll send it
to the rubble. So, you know, call around the first. We'll free the by-law
drop in the rubble. No, didn't you? I have some stories. You're in intensive
vote for who's your candidate? You may want me to name him. Yeah. No mind. Yeah. Go.
And Sue, what was the following? You felt that you were unable to be able to
be able to cast your ballot or cast your vote. It was confusing for us to do it. I could
cast my vote, but there was no. It was not in line with my. Exactly. There you go. See,
she knows what it's all about. She's acting, you know, playing dumb. Typical
see it in approach. He's playing dumb. I forgot he's a lawyer. So the word is
that what's his name? Not Casper Weinberger. He's still dead. Warren Christopher,
General Reno, a Senate warrant Christopher down here from the Justice Department to
investigate. And then who goes to who's the facts about the growers on market
there? There should have been theirs. Well, you know, that's all hindsight. And I
agree. He ran a pretty marginal campaign. But the fact is that people voted, they
came out in big numbers. And the vote, if nothing else, all the votes should be
counted. I mean, I don't think we have to argue about that. Do we all? Everybody
who was registered to vote, who was legally registered to vote, should have been
able to vote. That's number one. And number two, had their vote counted. Is that
very complicated? No. No. Even I'd ask all I called before for the 85th time this
week, even he would have to agree with that. Well, maybe not. I've got numbers
here that haven't been invented yet. Numbers of political assholes who haven't been
born yet. I've got them all here. Okay, 22 before one at five sixty WDQM. I'm
I'm in a fog. I'm in the twilight zone. Maybe a little bit of that lunch from Atlantic
City Sub. And by the way, Scott, thank you very much. But we're not giving you a
half hour of the show like before. Every Saturday. We got other important stuff.
But just a joke. He's a good guy. Scott coming to those rooms. I bought
it. I lose about 50 80 grand. Something like that 200 grand. The Neil Roger
show sports radio line 60. You. Hey, they were taking our. They were taking our
show up just the 18 before one at five sixty QM. So you tell me that Connie Mac
that asshole at outgoing Connie Mac was being replaced by Bill Nelson, by the way.
Oh, and was on one of the talking head new shows and got the audacity to be
blaming the people in Palm Beach for being irresponsible. I got news for
him. That fact I got before from that Palm Beach said Boca guy. He wasn't irresponsible.
And he wasn't old. And he wasn't a daughtering old boy. You turn it around and try to
blame it on the public. Connie. Thank God we said goodbye to Connie Mac. And if he
didn't have that name, everybody else is family and have the same name. He couldn't get elected
dog catcher. Don't forget Jill Castell on the QM. I'm going to say that I'm
going to say that I am, as we speak, they were the Citroga station at 50 Southeast
Eighth Avenue in Hialia from now to two. They got your best in the O.C.V. They got those
Nifty Keychains, they got T-shirts, free passes to the Bobby Lamaray lunch at the
Outback Steakhouse in Kenville, Mountain in the 2. Also free tickets to one
next pool day at the homestead Miami Speedway. For all you poor jockeys out there.
Here's Kendall, hello. Yes, sir. Doctor. We're
okay. What was that sound coming from? Not his mouth. Doctor.
No. Sounded like it. God spoke. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just want to tell you I've never seen the most
growth test, the most disgusting coverage from Finn and NBC, all the media coverage
at first. They said when Florida, when Goor had Florida, I was jumping for joy
and after that, they said Bush took it and I was about I puked after that.
Right. And I just want to know what was your take on that?
What was my take on the media? They jumped a gun on that and of course look at this
There were still a lot of people in line to vote because they had lines blocks long
in a lot of places including down here who hadn't voted at that point. Of course people
probably were spreading the word O.C.V. and people that didn't bother
the voting one way or the other. Plus, as you know, there's part of the panhandle
up there. There is not heavily populated, but they're in a central time zone.
Yeah. And I'll be behind. Yeah. They had a lot of nerve going on the air.
There was no urgency for them to project anything, but they're in a big pissing
contest now where they're all going to make her to see who can beat the other one.
But what I was really angry at when when when Fox News was the first people who
said that George Bush was elected and I felt so discused and then I said that
that can't be. Yeah. It can't be possible. And another thing.
Yeah, but look, it's got me four and a half hours sleep though.
Yeah. And who's responsible for counting the votes?
Who would pick these people to count the votes? Well, there are a lot of members in that
Bush family. And I think they have the family out. You think so? All the ones that were in that hotel room.
They had the Washington and Daddy pop a bush in there. But all the young ones here
out there counting the votes. But never, never, I see it's got a test right now.
Well, don't worry. Jan or Reno in that bunch. They're all coming down here baby.
So look at them have a good luck to us.
Well, hang on there and get a passport. Please.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One.
They did our pissed off, baby. I'm telling you right now, Jeff.
They're pissed. They're forming at the mouth.
478 votes. You believe the election results in Florida are honest. No, 36366.
76 and a half percent. Yes, 80 16.7 percent. Don't know 32 6.6 percent.
A lot of sixes in there. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing? Okay. I don't know whether to be embarrassed as hell or mad as hell or what.
All of you vote. How could people vote in that bullet train? What are they? Thank you.
They don't even have a plan for it. They don't know how much they're going to spend on it.
There's people down here, only bitch, but we got money to do this. We got money to do that.
Let me vote this thing in. Unbelievable. I guess it was live, right?
I think live from Palm Beach County. That's rush.
Oh, isn't that great? It isn't that simple. Yeah. Yeah, I want to think something to vote.
In fact, he was probably that is interesting that it happens to be here just to coincide.
Yeah, just to coincide. He's probably got seven or eight big ballot boxes
that he's got hidden under his ass somewhere. Well, and he's spot in this class.
He's saying, oh, there's no conspiracy here. And you know what?
He's already still complaining about Clinton. I just turned him on during the break here.
And he's still complaining about Clinton, 92. Yeah.
Did he only have 40% of the vote? And that the country wasn't split then. So why is it now and off?
I go on and on and on. All right, Neil. Well, don't go again. It's bad for your digestion.
We'll play for it. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One.
Yeah, rush. Not that I've done. I've done. I've done. Never met a fan since he didn't like.
Not to eat some of a bitch.
Keep mongering asshole. But other than that, he's not a bad guy. He had name callers. Can't stand it.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Well, here's a possible birthday present for him.
A possible election fraud in Miami. My wife is an inspector, which is the person who takes the name in precinct 7 52.
And the clerk there is a responsible for determining whether a voter is eligible to vote.
Well, people were coming in and showing their drivers licenses, but they weren't in the books.
The clerk told all the inspectors just their right their name in the back of the book and give them a ballot instead of calling downtown and verifying whether they were registered.
Now, what do you think was the public in area? Uh-huh. How do you like that?
Yeah, see, just the opposite of it was what they were doing in Broward where they were turned in people away because they couldn't find.
Right. They couldn't call.
So the Democrats were getting turned away and the Republicans were coming in just with the drivers license.
Right. And you figure with the network they had when they got this precinct, they probably called all around to the buddies and said,
Hey, here's the precinct. Come on in.
Excellent. Thanks for the good news. And I did call the NC, they're aware of it. So hopefully it'll get investigated.
I call the accounting elections. They're supposed to call me back. Well, don't forget Connie Max is. It's all you people were irresponsible.
Yeah, well, the irresponsible people are speaking up good across your fingers.
And happy birthday. Like I said, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 teen Verizon wireless line.
From back, we expect to have and we'll have a statement from the Bush chanee campaign that will be right with us when we return.
So be sure and stay with us. Okay, we'll get that on. I'll tell you that.
We're going to a statement from the Bush chanee campaign.
You know what they're going to say? Yeah. What's he going to say? Thanks, little brother. Something like that.
Here's Orlando. Hello. Yeah, I listen to you. Palm Beach County is just a tip of the iceberg up here in Orlando on the TV channels.
The news, the Volusia supervisor elections office has been shut down. Everyone's been kicked out. It's been taped off by the Sheriff's Department.
Apparently the computers are there. The malfunction allegedly and the votes for more thousands of votes for more were not counted.
Oh my God. What a coincidence. You know, the top floor has got nothing on us. And you know, this happened about the time when Jeff made the call.
Yeah. And your end W was sitting there looking so calm cool and confident. Right. And Jeff said, just give us some midnight one o'clock. We'll get us straight down.
Really, what we need to do now is not send down a fossil man Christopher war and we need the US justice department to come into this state.
We need to have this election over again in Florida or even one Christopher. Yeah, something I think when they do the recount, I think that might do it. Well, we'll see once they start counting these thousands and thousands and thousands of votes that like you said, disappeared.
Yeah, well thousands for going, you know, central Florida, Gord did so well, but that's what they called the state for Florida before Southeast Florida even come in. Right. And then all the sudden we lost. Don't forget these ballot boxes.
We got down here, baby. They're all coming from strictly black areas. And then all of a sudden we lost thousands of votes in central Florida.
Okay, just a coincidence. All was made. Thanks for the good news in the mail. Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, 160 over to the bottom of the hundred sixty over to Van. That's pretty weak. But then again, they decided to go over there and highly.
You're just saying southeast eighth Avenue or anything. I understand. Nevertheless, it's just eighth Avenue in high.
Fifth, eighth Avenue in high. I mean, he handed this to me. He stuck it right in my hand. Somebody did. Who gave me this is Joe. Joe Milo.
Might have been okay, but I mean, here's a Joe Castell was at the sicko gas station with a Q and Van fifty eighth Avenue in high.
I leave it from now to do with the best and the old stuff and free passes the other stuff I told you about which I'm not going to do again.
Because they decided to go to high.
Now, you know exactly what they're going to say when they come on here, pushing the chain, you know what they're going to say.
I'm going to do it. Yeah, that's what it's going to be. But I'll carry it.
What can you read here from CNN? It's coming on right after their commercial break in like 30 seconds.
So let me just vamp here for come. Here's a fact that says CNN is reporting everything and calls are pouring in. The race is going to go.
That's what the running it's just somebody wishful thinking and from his mouth to.
Oh God. Years. Hey, Grover come up to this afternoon. He might actually have something to say about this.
Because he's somebody that can actually discuss something besides a stupid ball game unlike some of our sales people down here and some of the little children's run around and is building.
Then we got Yaldi on game night. Here we go.
Now in next in the news, election 2000, it all comes down to the point that we know what we're officials are recounting ballots.
We're waiting a live news conference from the state governor, Jeff Bush will bring that to you live.
Also, we expect to hear from the candidate George W. Bush about where it seems stand will bring that to you as well.
What's Deb Dennis? That's what he's doing.
That's what the story and our extensive election coverage right after bourbon is proved.
Okay, let's get back to Roger and go.
Come on. Let's get back on here with a statement for the boy, Jenny.
Now the dead guy won a jail car named Monument Dury.
And they want to, they want to, they want to sell that to the law, so that the family has to live in the state.
We've to live in the state.
I can't say a death, but he's still there.
Come on. Let's go with it. It's super music.
The election Americans still wonder who will be their 43rd president.
Our scrutiny has centered on two states. Florida and Missouri.
Eddie, we want to give you a chance to comment before we on our last subject that we were talking about in the issue of getting into the able to vote and keeping polls open later.
That Missouri situation raised an interesting example of what you do when you've got a problem.
The election officials had made some mistakes and didn't get people's names on the roads.
Forced them to go down town and wait and line and then come back.
The judge found that these people were not going to be able to vote unless they kept the polls open longer, which is what they did.
When in doubt, you let people get a chance to vote.
The Republicans were in the strange position of saying shut down the polls so these people cannot vote.
I don't know if that's just it. It was a reasonable thing to do under those circumstances.
If they can't vote that night, there's probably no way to fix it.
Mark, if there are some sort of irregularities that say Missouri didn't properly plan for the turnout or whatever,
and these problems maybe with registration or whatever, and they need to double check on names,
if there are these problems, then Americans want to vote.
What is the problem with keeping an open and an hour to just make a list of the votes?
That would make sense if you kept both Republicans and Democratic carries open.
But unfortunately this was sort of like a life of a...
Oh, because voice change stand there expected shortly, okay?
When we get it, you'll hear it.
If we get it.
Here's a mobile in top of no, hello.
Yes, sir.
Jesus Christ, man.
This is a joke speaking.
I got a question for you.
I'm not familiar with all the things out.
I thought she had the same plan.
I'm not familiar with all the ins and outs and the numbers.
And I don't want to go into all the crap because I think that a lot of this is...
I wrote it for girls and I think the fact that he stopped campaigning in Ohio as a joke.
Yeah, that's the way.
The home state is a joke.
But the bottom line is he's got to get Florida.
And with all the numbers that you're hearing, what's your gut feeling?
Do you think you can do this or...
I haven't got any idea.
I haven't got any idea because I don't know what the remedies are going to be.
We have no idea how many ballots or in those boxes even though we know that the overwhelming majority are for girls because they're from black district, but I have no idea.
I don't get it.
I mean, if the church made a good point, he said that Bill Nelson was elected by about five percentage points.
There is no way that Bill Nelson would have won and Bush wins the presidency.
Well, I can see that maybe maybe a half a one percent of the people who voted for Bill Nelson are maybe even one percent voted for a native.
But even giving that, that leaves 4 percent margin there for Gourd.
Right.
Not to mention, of course, all these ballots that continually haven't encountered, which means probably that Bill Nelson won by a hell of a lot more than 5 percent.
And at this point, the only state in question is Florida, right? Everything else is locked up.
Oregon, I think they still have a good medicine.
But it's a new point. It doesn't make any difference. There were guns all over the place.
No, but I mean, as far as the situation where the voting is so close that they would have to recount so far, Florida is the only state.
No, Oregon.
OK, and Florida, and just coincidentally, his brother is up in the governor's office.
Just another one of those strange coincidences, right?
If these two sons of bitches, mother's scratches don't wind up out of it.
Yeah.
I think we ought to do that.
Let's put the bushes in the lockbox. How do you say to that? Let's do it.
What do you say?
Oh!
Now, are they going to have this speech on here or was?
Another edition of Burden of Prudence.
They're all done. They're finished.
Roger and Greta. Bye-bye.
Let's say circumcised...
circumcised Julios for the impeachment of Jeb Bush or Mono Del Antiquist GW Bush.
Yep.
Oonio Mono Molo, Maliti Moll.
560-560, Pont 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
77% of the people in this crowd don't have any faith.
They don't believe the Florida election results from last night. They're dubious at best.
This is 560-QAF for Treaty of 560.
WQAM by Andy Portlardel, a easily broadcast group station at WQAM.com with a word.
And so long as it's two hours!
I need another abortion and I need it.
I feel like a baby hanging out in my head.
I'm hobbling and having trouble lifting my feet.
And it's with the fake lines down the street.
It's the abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
That's the got me in trouble.
Play me out on the double.
Tread me in the furthest and the fetus out of my face.
I hate from the youth that I haven't worked.
And lactating will fall over my shirt.
I'm walking like a hip-ticking baby.
After every heart-sama-poked-afe spread and stretch to see abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
The abortion shuffle.
The hangar on the double.
The abortion shuffle.
The infant's fun to water behind.
I'm going to have to stretch the indesterns to see his out of my face.
The eye of the abortion.
Because it's here that the ballot will be reported.
The new count will be made.
But this is how it occurs.
And that voting is going on right now.
We have live pictures from Broward County where the recount has begun.
The pre-sinks will recount the ballots.
They go to the counties.
The county recounts.
They have those counts.
They move them upstairs here to the 18th floor of this state capitol skyscraper here in Tallahassee, Florida.
There's my buddy, yes, from the Valley Park and it's probably the most popular place.
I've counted out of the counter.
Give them.
It won't be one total of all the 67 counties.
It will be released county by county.
So you will be able to keep your eyes open.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
We'll be on the way.
The Security Council and education Minister here
says he wants to make sure it's done absolutely right.
Tamaki does no пос Kickstarter
And then police essentially go to the Southern
I'm not going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
I'm going to put it in the office.
Just all these isolated incidents and a lot of them in
Valuja County, where evidently chaos
and the corruption will run in rampant late last night.
And of the funny coincidence that
the Valuja County, along with Dayton Broward,
was one of those last few places where, for some strange
reasons, they couldn't get those votes
out of their related like 230 in the morning.
Anyway, she goes on to say,
South Florida will determine the outcome of the
presidential race in several thousand P Already County votes
or now in question, do the aforementioned problem
effective immediately. My neighbors and I will begin a petition to request a challenge to the
presidential results in our county. The contact one of our community volunteers signed a petition
or call 561-963-3298 or 561-963-812 or 561-543-8646 or send an email to jumpjupeterat-al.com or
BBEBNESK, B-E-B-E-N-E-S-D-A-O-L.com or FURCOM at AOL.com, F-E-R-C-O-M-M FURCOM at AOL.com for the
newest petition representative. At a time when it literally every FOID of OCOUNTS must be sure that
this confusing ballot doesn't run easily until the outcome of the next president if we're able to
have integrity of government must have a voting process. Therefore, we need to determine from your
office how many signatures will be required to challenge the Palm Beach County presidential results
and the deadline for submission of our petition to your office. And it goes on.
Also, Florida State Representative Chris Smith, a four-law to those who encourage anyone who voted
yesterday in Broward or Palm Beach and had problems at the polls in whatever way to write down
their stories and as much detail as possible and fax them to him as soon as possible.
He's heading a bipartisan effort to file lawsuits in Broward and Palm Beach challenging the
results of the election. He asked that if you include your name, address telephone number
and precinct where you're registered. State Representative Chris Smith, that's who you want to be
writing to. State Representative Chris Smith and his fax number is 954-762-3745. That's area code
yes ma'am. Hi, are they keeping track of what the boxes are because so many are just sitting
there like I know this is perhaps a scandal. They're just a few over here and a few down over there
and they just all happen coincidentally to be in these areas where almost everybody who voted was
last. And last night when they prematurely gave go of the state's go of Florida, they showed
bush and you were sitting there all calm. Yeah, very calm. Because you're don't worry. Yeah, they knew
that the fix was in. But hopefully we're going to unfit. I'll case we are hanging there. 56705-60,
05-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, maybe you can say okay those people out there
and Palm Beach they're all they're stupid whatever they can't blame that to anybody else. They're
irresponsible whatever we're that asshole Cunning Mac said. But that's only 3,400 votes.
What about all the other thousands of votes? What about all the other boxes that we don't know about?
Boxes full of ballots. They never were even open. Thousands and thousands we don't know how many.
They're stupid too. Oh, that's right. They're stupid too. Never got.
Was this one of the who's this? Farrah to be credible. We want Americans to feel confident about
that result. We respect the process. Stand to assist in the process. We'll continue
to follow that process. Yeah, you are. You're in any way that we possibly can. Again,
what Democrats want is what all Americans will. Democratic. Like I said, he's a good guy.
I mean, not that I'm partisan. Am I partisan? You bet you're a sweet ass I am.
All right, maybe I wasn't looking when they had the Bush-Chainy statement on there.
Because the Democratic guy says we'll go all this is a Joanne Goudee and T. Chairman.
Thought I saw him on the talking head truth before. Kind of a whim.
Nine minutes after one at 560 WQ, I've had a call from our good buddy Nick down there.
Nick Sagar is George did a little while ago. And you already said that Frank guy in our
sales department, Frank, up there. He's a man. So that's what he said. He said he doesn't
serve it the account. He keeps trying to push him to advertise that other schlock stuff on his
base that he doesn't want any part of. Tries to keep separating him from his money.
Know that he isn't delivering any of the cigars and stuff that he sends to us.
And Nick, if you're listening right now and I hope you are, don't ever give that man another cigar.
Another, don't even give him a light. Unless you light his back. That's it.
Which could be any part of his body. Don't give him any of this.
And it's directly to us because that Frank mayor is a jerk.
Amen. A big fat jerk. Okay. What do we say?
1115 at 560 QM. Here's a facts William from Miami says change the name of the sunshine state
of the dumb state. When some asshole leaves a ballot box behind it.
A church that tells me the mentality of the Schmuckson Day County.
When I went to vote, the woman behind the desk couldn't even speak English.
There ought to be a law that if you work for the state,
county or government, you must speak English, but not in dumb cities says William from Miami.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
We're in the same. We're in the same. It's very hot.
We're in the same. We're in the same. It's very hot.
We're in the same class. I'm in the same class.
Cap
says
please
tell
the
But that was probably just another thing in effect.
I think that most of the area was published
to be in shelter to be lumped in with the South Florida.
Five, six, and in case anybody tuned in late,
what do we know about who won the election last night
for the president?
Out of no!
Yeah, that's what we know.
We don't know.
We know there was lots of hanky-panky,
lots of ballot boxes that for some strange reason,
most of them in almost all black precincts,
never got picked up, and the votes never got counted.
About 3,500 votes in Palm Beach,
a lot of going for a path you can
and that were intended for our goal.
I mean, see, it's not one thing or the other.
Maybe not one of these things will counterbalance those 30,000
out of the country absentee ballots.
But you put all of these things together.
You put the allegations of voter fraud
and Valuja County in there,
which Valuja County is very heavily black,
as you'd point out.
Put all that together,
and you got what makes for pretty interesting,
pretty disturbing and pretty unacceptable.
That's the word, Jeb, on-fooking acceptable.
And of course, how does it look even to the most partisan
of the partisan,
even to the dumbest of the dumb,
that here is a state where the guy who's running for president
his brother just happens to be the governor.
And if sitting around there with him,
they all have a big coffee clutch
and looking very relaxed and competent,
even though they're like at that point in the evening,
looks like they're getting their ass kicked.
Not just who I'm floated,
but at that point where they were talking to him
and they had the cameras in there,
which they invited them in there,
there was that cocky arrogance thing again.
Like, oh, we were not worried about that.
We got that taken care of.
Well, how many votes you got wrapped up?
Whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes.
And of course, you know, when dead people are voting,
I mean, there's no limit on dead people.
Just just think all the dead people there are.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. I'm 24 years old.
I'm registered.
I was a registered Republican,
and I've seen the light and now I'm a...
I re-registered as an independent.
I won the vote. I did vote for Gore.
My grandmother who voted in the last election for Clinton,
went down the vote, I should say yesterday,
and they told her that they didn't have her on the list.
And I know that she did register,
because when my mother went down the register,
she had brought her down.
So they turned her away.
That was another vote for Gore.
Also, I'm disgusted with this state of Florida at this point in time.
I don't understand why none of this is on national news.
When the Civil Union Gonzales thing was going on,
every time I met him,
24 hours a day, around the clock.
Or Lazaro picked their nose.
It was on the news.
But now this is the most corrupt election that I've ever...
That's the history it's been in the Union.
And...
I'm here to...
I'm here to rule that the reason that there was all those boxes
with ballots is that Lazaro was the one driving them around,
trying to find where to deliver them.
Yesterday on the news, they said,
they said, eat ballot boxes from Pember Pines.
Right.
We're missing an action for three hours.
Where were they for those three hours?
Now they're finding ones today,
after supposedly they got 100% of the ballots counted,
which obviously they don't.
They're finding one city in churches in Liberty City,
down there in Perine, which is almost all black.
All these just the coincidence that's in all these black precincts
that they couldn't find these boxes full of ballots.
Well, I wonder why they think this is CNN.
Why is this not in here?
That's not news.
Of course, they're too busy talking all these talking heads,
but it's been on there for like 30 seconds, you know.
That's what we get.
It's 30 seconds for the most corrupt election that's going on.
Well, so if they found alien in one of the boxes,
they'd probably spend the next 30 days on it.
That they would.
Good luck to watch, pal. Hang in there.
Thank you, dear.
Bye. Bye-bye.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Okay, what's Al saying?
All gone, pal.
That's the one that would happen in that bitch-wise.
Oh, that's the one that would happen.
That's ancient.
See, just like the young guy says here right now,
how come they're not talking a great detail about these guys?
All this hanky, panky down here.
And for all this talk about the liberal media,
CNN has been so goddamn skewed to the Bush people,
y'all, you have to wonder if Ted Turner needs the money.
Maybe he lost a few billion somewhere.
Maybe he gave a few billion too many ways
and all those charities.
Maybe too many of those bad world games.
Maybe he had to give Jane too much into the Bush settlement.
Who the hell knows?
They suck.
In fact, you know something, why am I watching then?
The theme of the show is there on a chilly day in Austin, Gene.
All right.
We don't want to see Geney deserve or the federal reserve.
What no number is here it is.
Okay, so come on.
Come on, let's get this thing going with his guide,
Dei Mermot 356.
Let's get on the stick there.
We've got to figure out an easy way to decide this.
Well, that's right.
I think what the war campaign is going to have to do
is following the Certificate of the Canary of the Resistance.
I can be seeing those.
They are going to have to say, are we convinced enough
that there were major problems in various areas of Florida,
such that we want to keep this going?
They at the very least have to wait for the results of the recount
which we're expecting sometimes tomorrow afternoon.
No later than they say no later than 7pm tomorrow.
And the counties we're going to hear about
various counties' results coming in as they're completed.
But at that point, when they get those results,
that's when the campaign is going to have to say,
okay, do we keep going here?
Do we really believe there was either some sort of fraud,
some sort of intimidation, balance that haven't been counted,
all of those issues, that's when they're going to have to make that sort of...
In the meantime, you've got lawyers tripping over each other there,
and probably it sounds like more lawyers on the way.
Oh, there's no question.
This capital is going to be filled with lawyers.
Both sides are going to have representatives there present
at the recounting, the recount, but that's again why I say,
that's almost the least interesting of the various elements
that are occurring right now, because there are all these other possibilities
about different ways that this vote could be challenged.
But again, the question is going to be,
how far do they want to take?
Okay, put a lid on it then.
Okay, you just keep saying the same stupid thing over and over again.
They'll take it as far as it's necessary to take it
so that we actually have the real winner of the election comes out.
That's how you do it, especially considering the fact that
it'd grow one to popular vote by 248,000 now.
Quarter of a million votes, you win the popular vote.
And we're going to give the election to the other guy based on a dubious outcome
here in this corrupt state of Florida.
No, I don't think so, Dan, and they're going to be quite that easy.
But you're not just going to head it over on a platter.
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound 5,60 on the AT&T,
for Waizon Marlos Line.
Here's plantation, huh?
Thank you.
Yeah, now?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I thought I'm a possible upside for this yet another disgrace for self-flut in the eyes of the nation.
I thought that maybe after the week out the votes under the scrutiny of butterworth and Warren Christopher
in the U.S. Attorney's Office,
you can find out that 10,000 dead Cubans registered for a vacant lot in Hialeah voted for Bush.
And they overturn the election based on that and they use missing ballots that were hidden.
That, uh, and they give the state and therefore the election to go out, they might find out,
see all the crap that were in here in South Florida and start to change their immigration policy and start sending back.
Okay, great.
Say all the Cubans back, let's really say it.
Here's somebody who says,
I'm a 35-year-old white collar professional with a postgraduate degree in your perfect eyesight.
Even I had to remove my ballot to double-check it to make sure I punched number five for Gore and not number four for Buchanan when I voted yesterday.
How do you like that?
It says, don't get me wrong up here in Palm Beach County.
We certainly have more than our fair share of redneck fascist white jobs who indeed may have voted for Buchanan.
Well, with a population of about a million, how could Palm Beach County have shown 3,000 votes to Buchanan compared to just a few hundred votes in date,
where the population's over two million?
Yes, sir.
Besides, Ralph Nader was supposed to be the spoiler, not Buchanan.
Something is very wrong, and I hope Jeb Bush is working just as hard as figuring that out as he is at making sure his big brother is elected president,
but I don't think he'd care less about the former.
So is the Eric in Palm Beach.
Good luck to us Eric.
Play for us.
Put your hands together, sweetheart.
And squeeze real hard.
Here's a call in candle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Our channel poll reported about noon that the ballot boxes and hiding all over the place do not contain empty ballots or a bunch of ballots.
What the have is, just materials such as telephone, forms, whatever, left over from everybody working yesterday.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
That's not what we're talking about.
Christopher Ioan plays over tuna andезжos in the dumpster.
OMG.
All right, Neil.
OK, yeah.
Bye, bye money.
Put it away.
And the key changed too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 7, 0, 5, such every 20 hours, 50, 10, 10'sенты and providing a wireless line.
Here's Kohlspring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Back to the National News last night.
I actually called STN CNN and FOX News, asking them if they knew because they were talking about yesterday,
yesterday afternoon all day long on local radio if they knew about the Palm Beach County
ballot problem they all said they knew about it but once again they never he never heard
about it it was not one report all night until five in the morning about the Palm Beach
ballot problem which was unbelievable for me.
I mean we had caused and even though I was dubious because I didn't understand because
I had seen my own ballot and bow it and wasn't like that.
We had caused on here like that yesterday and how come if they're supposed to be like
doing a service to the public when the polls were still open to seven o'clock and people
were in line until like eight o'clock how can they weren't on there all the alluding
people that.
Exactly.
Now a couple of questions hypothetically because the talking has been the stenicest of
the Republican party was saying that that court should have seen anyway just like Nixon
didn't even know that the election was so close.
It seems like they were saying that even if court can see that that would supersede this
recount is that true or not true.
I'm assuming that the recount would have gone on anyway.
Of course not.
I mean I mean I don't think so.
I mean there's always the opposite.
Just like he did last night is that it changed my mind.
Right.
That's what I'm thinking.
Closed question.
I mean unless they actually officially made it official and said we're going to wrap
it up and we won't challenge it.
Yeah at that point.
And I don't know what you're talking about.
Nixon Nixon never what election is that you're talking about.
So in 1960 they were saying that Nixon Nixon conceded even though it was a hundred thousand
votes differential.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That wasn't the point the popular vote it was the electoral vote.
Kennedy got over 300 electoral votes.
Correct.
But Nixon was taken challenging the Illinois vote because of what's your candidate.
Wow they have been a target challenge.
Dead people.
Well last question.
When the president appoints or it dominates the Supreme Court justice how many votes
are needed to confirm two thirds or just a symbol majority?
Two thirds.
So you know that at least for that reason at least even if Bush gets in at least we
don't have to worry about the Supreme Court justice is because this is going to be a complete
deadlock until two years from now when the Congress definitely goes Democrat.
I'm not positive if it's two thirds or not more I think about I don't know.
You're very about that.
I definitely think that in two years the Congress is going to go Democrat which started last
night but they couldn't pick up enough seats.
They got close but not enough.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Maybe I don't think we're going to be having another election two years or we know.
No.
No I think this was the last one.
I could be wrong about that King George.
Oh that's why we already had a King George.
He talked with the list.
126 at 560.
See I'm now starting to do it WQAM.
But Neil Roger show sports radio 560.
Hey.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Day and E goes undercover to reveal a brightening aspect of who could be the next president
of the United States.
George Bush is the anti-correct.
Of course I care about all the issues facing America.
And your mother is from like Rosie O'Donnell.
Like all candidates I support term limitations.
I have chance assholes.
The new one let you resign.
My.
Unlike the previous administration I bring dignity back to the oil valve.
Yeah.
After it rip off your skin and smack on your balls.
Join Sam Neal your host for tonight's evening.
George Bush.
The anti-corrects.
OK.
It's 1.30.
1.50.
I think the chief of coverage is more likely.
29 before 2.00.
Gober to be long and 2.00.
Here's a facts from that was sent to a Jane Carroll.
Supervisor of elections in Broward County.
From Mike.
He says I'm discouraged and somewhat suspicious in light of issues surrounding the 2000 presidential
election.
Firstly, my wife Anna Maria was recently naturalized as the US citizen.
Along with countless of thousands of new citizens in the Broward Convention Center in September.
We promptly obtained and completed her voters registration form.
We carefully filled out the form together being sure to complete it.
We were returned to letter rather than a voters registration card stating that the form was
either damaged or incomplete.
The letter further stated that she would not be able to vote in the election.
She registered as a Democrat.
Secondly, it's interesting that a misalignment of balance in our county seems to have caused
many grower voters to wonder when they can't stand their ballots for Buchanan.
Strange indeed, how many thousands of new Democratic registrations were damaged during complete
election?
Any idea how many years looking for an explanation?
I've gone Mike.
Good luck to you.
And good luck to us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How's the poll coming?
Do you believe in the election results in Florida were honest?
469 say.
No.
78% aren't buying it.
95 say yes.
That's 15.7% I'm sure that one guy voted 100 times and still we got 95.
And don't know 386.2% out of 600 and that's not the same.
There are skeptical there do be a set best and enraged and furious at words.
How do you like that, Governor?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, News.
Yes, sir.
I hear you.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm the topic of the missing or some of the suppressed ballots.
I happen to notice yesterday at a particular location in Dave County.
Okay.
There was one ballot box yesterday that was not even picked up after trying to contact you.
It's a number of times.
Okay.
They never turned up to collect it until this morning.
Okay.
I did.
What about this guy who says Channel 4 claims that there was nothing in these boxes
besides the election materials and we don't know.
No actual valid ballots.
Okay.
And so the best of my knowledge there were in excess of an Android.
Okay.
ballots in there all fall for.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
They did not turn up to collect it until sometimes this morning.
And at the time that they came, Channel 7 was even present.
Okay.
And I've been following up on News since this morning.
And I haven't heard anything about it.
I don't know if you have, but I have.
Only from you.
Well listen.
Keep looking in the dumpsters and signs of more of those ballots.
That's what I'm.
They dumpsters all over the city.
They just load it with ballots, especially from the dark votes.
They didn't like those early returns, man.
90 cheap pro points to sick.
They didn't like that.
Here's Lake Woods.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When I voted in Palm Beach yesterday, when I left the building, I actually had a small
doubt whether I had guessed my doubt for war or not.
And if I had that problem, people who were older and have trouble, you know, seeing they could have definitely had a problem.
Right.
And I just wanted to ask you, do you know whether or not it was.
Most parties responsible to actually okay the ballot the way we set up before and whether it was a response.
No, the supervisor elections does it.
And of course, I've got a call before which we have no credibility.
But he says he says he's a Democrat, which regardless of that, but the fact is that it's unacceptable.
It is unacceptable.
Take care.
Okay, thanks.
Here's the email address for Governor Jebster.
Jebbosh at Jeb.org.
That's one of many ways.
Jebbosh, one word, J-E-B-B-U-S-H.
Jebbosh at Jeb.org as an orgy.
Here's a call from Western, hello.
Good afternoon.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Quick, quick, good little statement there.
My boss is telling me that he just moved to Boca about a couple of weeks ago and they told him that, you know,
for him to re-register, he won't be able to, you know, pass his vote in this election.
And then his wife will go for a gore so that's two more votes right there.
But it's not pretty sad that you can't register up until the week of the election.
Well, that's long.
Why?
Why is there have to be that?
Well, I'm not saying it has to be, but that's just the way it is.
I mean, I can't, you know, you're calling me here isn't going to change a lot.
And in fact, there are a lot of states where you can register on election day.
It's just another example of how the government is relating to their power to discourage people from voting.
And then they like to bitch and ring their hands and say, oh, nobody in this country wants to vote.
And the vote of terrible turn out and yoddy, yoddy, yoddy, yoddy.
There are places where you actually can vote.
And there are all kinds of different things like an oligone all the way out there.
There is no way of polling on election day.
And all comes in by mail, which is probably why it's taken so long to get the oligone.
Both they still haven't declared a win or an oligone.
There are seven electoral votes.
Not that it's going to make a difference, but that because they do it all by mail.
And I guess the mailman probably likes to do it with our social security checks.
They stopped, you know, I would take a little coffee break.
Well, let's see, here's what's like one of those ballots.
Let's see, hold it up to the right there.
Or just kind of rip it open and see if I agree with it or not.
And then we will just kind of smit-cannot.
Here's a lady in pointy-beach, hello.
Hi Neil, how are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Just want to tell you something that happened to me.
I move from one lie to a pointy-beach.
And it's no better.
And when I went to change my driver's license, they did the voter registration.
And they asked me the questions and they give you the cards to sign.
This is for the voter registration.
I did it.
I signed it along with my husband.
When it came to Trump's vote in the primary for, you know, the primary election and the rest of them was on one of it.
I couldn't.
They couldn't find my name.
Whether they have me and my husband's independence.
I've never been a registered independent.
I don't know.
That's a democratic, I don't know, from a hand-dealer-aid beach.
They couldn't give a lawyer a holler.
Quote of the voter registration.
This report couldn't give a lawyer a holler.
So really, if people don't want it,
you can vote for the president.
But if you're in a painful extent, or you're down to the lines, you can vote.
You can vote in the primary.
Well, good luck to you, sweetheart.
I'll make sure they straighten it out.
Okay.
I agree if we have another election.
I've had a deal.
I had a problem with my Dowell too in the county of St. Petersburg.
Okay.
Good luck straighten it out.
Thank you.
In the alignment.
And they should have given them a front end alignment there on those ballots.
That was the problem.
Here's a question on the fact that it says if ballot boxes are sealed,
they make sure they haven't been tampered with.
How could they use them to store office supplies?
Good question.
And then, because the one they showed on Channel on CNN earlier was locked.
It had a padlock on it.
Maybe they put those toll-frogs to the little flock there.
And they had locks on it.
And they said, oh, that must be one of those two Libra boxes.
Don't look at that.
It had locks on it.
If you open it up inside, you'll find a bagel from the cream cheese and the chives too.
22 before 2 at 5, 60 WQM.
Yes, the best of Neil Rogers 2000.
I'm an event for plans here.
Just go to his best music store near New York, at www.cum.com.
And the best of news, 2000 with great hit.
What?
I need another of course, and then I need it.
I'll see you like your baby singing out my hand.
Oh, those timeless clips.
The best of Neil Rogers 2000 from Sports Radio 560 QA now.
Florida Shucks.
This is my house.
You can't go.
I can't just go in.
And how far is this going?
All that's okay.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
It's like a Christmas tree.
May it will pass Marianne.
Why if all flights get didn't hold in mind?
155fictionS願CLESSorgama
155fictionS願CLESS Imagine compl이 las nel stadion,
walking in him and he runs out. Since I look up he runs out. There you go.
He wouldn't know where the other head was. All the QM van is at the Citroe gas station
at the 58th Avenue in Highly if I'm not old to another 15 minutes. How they doing over
there? With Joe Castella? No, no. Although I'm speaking to go there I guess. Anyway here's
the fact that I'm so certain that the bushes and the Republican party made sure they
had a dirty plan to ensure Bush and victory are yada yada. It says if you want some interesting
reading regarding Reagan Bush that's poppabush and chaining and they're too agenda for this
country and the reason why it's so important that they win a selection plus some really
enlightening information about how corrupt they really are by this book at amazon.com.
Transformation of America, PLANCE. Transformation of America. It's 15 bucks by Kathy O'Brien and
Mark Phillips. Thank you M. Whoever you are and I like even the names on here. They've
been mobile in Miami. Hello? Yeah. I'm just wondering if you could find out. And West
Palm Beach on the road about it since the kennel is on the other side of Goura. Who is
the other side of Bush and does that have any effect too? I haven't heard anything. Otherwise
there wasn't anybody on the other side of Bush. Oh, okay. That's what I was wondering.
I thought maybe they might have another one on the other side and I just wanted to clear
that up. No. All right. Thanks sir. Okay. Now nobody on the other side of Bush. Let me
get that if I got it. Here. We only got 60,000 pages of crap plus some totally into
here from sleeping about three hours. But that's okay. That's okay. We're here to do our
duty to do our best even though I'm my optimism. My level of optimism on a scale of zero is
minus. Oh, minus infinity. No. There's nothing opposite Bush. It's kind of you have to really
see it. In fact, you can see it by going to glad you called because it reminds me I forgot
to mention this rich packed. If I see this. If you want to see the Palm Beach Ballad and
see why it's so confusing. Go to this website. www.sun-settonville.com slash elections slash
Palm Beach Ballad.htm. Oh, you could go to our website. Oh, we got that on there. Oh, great.
Nice going to Eric Sweetheart. Go to your rogues.com like I said. But thanks anyway, rich. And
regards from a Paul Harvey Jr. Oh, in fact, there was a guy. There was a guy at the game last
week at the hockey game sitting in front of me with it was totally a incoved bomb out of his skull.
It was wife of real friend or whatever sat in front of me. Didn't belong there. The
actors came and kicked him out and they came back again. Turned around and said, oh, it's
not a dissent in the funny. I'm a friend of Paul Harvey Jr. I sure hope he's not there tonight.
Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Something to think about. I'm a
long time Republican. But I am so picked off at Bush. First of all, they started cutting down
these citrus trees. Oh, wait. Once I asked, I want to assure them it should be election go the way
that we think it will, that I will work hard to earn their confidence.
Mac is a long tradition of uniting once elections are over. Secretary Cheney and I would be
everything in our power to unite the nation to call upon the best. Yeah, to bring people together
after one of the most exciting elections in our nation's history. Yeah, that's good. That's
all I had to say. We were like that. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Okay. First of all, first of all,
we're starting to cutting down citrus trees here in South Florida. Yeah, yeah. The people are
making a hundred dollars of tree. Somebody's becoming millionaires. That's right. Those are about
citrus trees. Yeah. Think about this. What a coincidence. A week or so before the elections,
they stopped cutting down the tree. Well, that's why I said when it released came out that they
put a hiatus on it until November the 8th. And I said, that's cool. Because the February
it happens to be today after election day. Exactly. How to cite out of mind. Exactly. Let's
tie it down a little bit. I sent emails to Bush and I haven't heard anything yet. Yeah. I'm so
ticked off with them. It makes me sick. I think I really believe that there's got to be a recall
campaign against Bush. She's got to go. This is this the corruption in this state and the
flopping of the world of the public. I mean, this man is crooked as the day is long.
So I just wanted to bring that out to everybody so they can think about it. We don't have a real
government anymore in America. We have a royal family now. The Bushes. Used to be the
Kennedys, but now we have the Bushes. Yeah. Yeah. Let's send some emails out. Let's see if we can stop them.
Okay. Thank you. Good luck to us. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&TO. So what was it that he
just said George W. Yeah. Yeah. He said, I'm going to win. He said the fixes in I'm going to win.
Something like that. He said he said when he was on TV last night from the room, he said a
little message to all his supporters down here in Florida. But Neil Rogers shows sports radio.
5 60s. He's got a big heart on.
I have the bottom path. I think it took the who?
If I dishes that you miss.
So we are going toお願い.
those are the things that we.
The first.
And now we're getting off.
Look at these guys right there.
All these guys right there.
All these guys right there.
All these guys right there.
All these guys right there.
All these guys right there.
All these guys right there.
155 to 550 W.
If you didn't get any of those numbers, if you're looking for some help,
if you tried to vote in Palm Beach yesterday and you thought that you've
also wasted a lot of points for the wrong candidate or if you tried to vote anywhere
and you weren't allowed to vote or you had any other kind of a problem or irregularity.
Not that kind, but a voting irregularity.
Just check on neoogges.com which is a lot easier than giving these 85,000 other websites
and the error call has as much of it as we can.
It'll be there.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Is it a media?
Sounds like you.
Okay, I never called before.
This is every day but today I kind of felt compelled to.
I don't have anybody present a dictionary of three yet.
I feel like I got fooled yesterday.
Like I left a game before it was over.
I was in line in Western with my girlfriend.
Hope somebody had a mobile TV and they announced that four had won.
Right.
This is just what I said before.
So I went, hey, I went home.
I worked four hours a day.
I'm tired.
Nice going.
Nice going.
Nice going.
Your national network is your budget waiver.
I'm going to tell you about that.
I feel like an idiot.
These people know you're not the idiot.
The people in the media are the idiots.
I went to sleep when I got home.
I woke up today.
I got goose bumps somewhere.
I'm telling you this story.
I am pissed off.
Yeah.
All right.
I started wasting time.
No, you're not wasting my time.
I've never heard anybody say that.
Maybe can you imagine how many other people probably did the same thing?
I was like, when it happened, it was like, how did it came?
When you go home, there was obviously, I have people all around me doing it.
I didn't leave alone.
Okay.
Who else did the same thing again?
Thanks a lot.
All right.
Good luck.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
Just what we said earlier in the show, and it's not only a Democrat, same for the Bush people
up there in the Panhandle, who are on a different time zone.
Up in Pensacola, for example, or in Central Time.
You're people of the networks.
I've said it for years now.
You're irresponsible.
You're about your grave robbers.
All you care about is who gets it on first.
You've got no credibility whatsoever.
