Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and brarrad or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I like the wee wee.
You'll be the picture of Bang to Man.
I smack your hands and bruise up your body the way you like.
Screw it.
You get my bow, your long and strong.
It's your body, your whole hair is a bit small.
You thought that you were just being by the side.
The kind of bitch we love.
You know how to do that.
We got a big, with no chase.
All right.
1033 at 560 WQAM Happy Wednesday to you.
Wow, what a great day for the Irish man.
I'm not really sure why.
John McCain is the Irish.
No, whatever the hell he is.
Look at that George E.W.
Boy sure got problems, doesn't he?
Sure, he just couldn't win a fixed election except with those Yahoo's and South Carolina
spending about $30 million.
Whatever they spent.
But anyway, we'll talk about that a little bit later on.
We're really heavily politically these days.
No, no.
Now, anyway, speaking of our pool.
This is great.
I hope that Befo is still in the building with the monitor.
You're allowed to think he's listening.
No, Befo who's got his head way up John Henry's ass.
We're going to expect him.
We asked that our poll questions on our website, nilrangers.com years today.
Would you approve of spending tax dollars for a new baseball stadium in South Florida?
Yes or no?
41 people said.
Yes.
344 people said.
No.
385 votes.
That's pretty heavy duty.
In about 22 hours, that's not too bad.
89.3% said.
No.
And only 10.6% said.
Like I said.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
How do you like that?
You haven't got a trineman's chance in purgatory, John Henry.
Let me tell you that right now.
No matter how much Befo sucks you're ass.
I notice this morning and it's the show he sucking red coates ass.
It must be February.
It must be ass sucking month for Befo.
You think?
It must be.
He sure getting his licks off ended that even since the gene ain't getting as many I don't think.
344 to 41.
So the obvious question is, is it even worth wasting the tax dollars to print just for the ink to print it on the ballot to put that on there, assuming that they would get the signatures that they did this November?
Which I don't see anything going on about that either, do you?
Have we seen any petition drive going on or anybody talking about putting that on the ballot?
I don't know what the deadline might be, but I sure don't see anything going on about it.
Oh, no.
So don't even waste your time, John Henry, because you have two chances of getting the public to go along with tax dollars to build you a new baseball stadium.
None and much, much less than none.
Zero.
There is apps.
First of all, there's no interest in the Marlins anyway.
And secondly, the public finally is caught on.
I think that this past July.
July, 1999.
I think we finally saw the public staring to wake up and stiff the daffodils when they give a big resounding blow to Mayor Pingha, Pagania and his petty sales tax for his metro fail and all this other pseudo transportation craft.
They said, stick it up your ass, Alex.
And I think he did is what I'm hearing.
And I think that was the beginning of a long series of negative votes every time they try to pull a wool over our eyes again and pedal the public a bunch more tax crap.
And by the way, I just put out in passing that they still owe $40 million on the old Miami arena.
The white elephant that's sitting there four blocks away from the new Mickey Eris and arena.
And when I read George the thing from the Harold and the Turalists morning, I'm going to read the second here.
He, you know, immediately popped up with the right answer.
And that is that Mickey Erisson owns the Harold block stock in Burrow.
And that is absolutely correct.
That's why the Harold is so anti gambling.
That's why the Harold is so goody two shoes.
That's why the Harold was so in favor of that American Airlines arena and every other goddamn thing that Mickey Erisson wants.
They have no problem at all with the man who siphons the money out of this community.
He's like a drain like a nonstop drain sucking the blood like a vampire on Dave County sucking the lifeblood out of this town contributing absolutely nothing.
Zero zip that he do the.
And it's really interesting how they keep putting these articles, you know, very right, right, right, right, seriously about.
Wow, I do know to send the sun crews to three and this one on that one.
All these other gambling ships are evil.
But whatever Mickey does, that's okay.
Are these people kidding anybody with a brain?
No, they fooling anybody.
And of course we all remember when they were in bed with Mickey Erisson and they were pinged up a canyon putting this thing up.
And again, another one of these bogus elections.
If you were against it vote yes, and if you're forward, vote no, they twisted the verbiage on it and the whole thing didn't smell right anyway.
It was kind of like screw in.
Something didn't smell right.
And put the wall over the eyes of the public again with the help of what was the ones named a Tony Ritter?
Who is not interesting that he also is flown the coupe now they all run off to the silicone value over there.
The hero people they screw up this town and they they do their little.
Grappings all of us and then they kind of vanish.
What I thought that David J. Neill's comments yesterday about Mike Verdon and the hero were the worst that I could ever possibly read, but the hero never lets you down.
They never disappoint.
After we do the break, I'm going to read just very briefly take about 30 seconds.
From their lead editorial this morning, this is the worst swill.
And they should tell you everything you need to know about where the hero is coming from.
You are fooling absolutely nobody you grave robbing bastard you.
And by the way to see what tremendous clout you've got and they also endorse by the way, remember they endorsed mayor pinga picanhas penny sales tax and the public said no.
Stick it up your ass and then they wrote that editorial chastising the public.
Oh yeah, well you didn't go along with it so you're going to wind up a screw sitting there on a highway.
But it'd be better open up and the public said to you.
Okay, that's what they said.
You could hear it to the Harold.
Because that's one thing that most of us haven't come in a matter of what else were we came from, what religion, what ethnic, what anything.
Shleppers, millionaires, anybody with a brain hates the hero because they suck.
And at radio station, they were promoting on their front page with very jackass.
Yeah, how they doing? They show up in the ratings yet.
No, six months later. No, no, not one diary.
Here we are. It's the late February of the year 2000.
They put that format on August 1st.
Barry Jackass had a 500 part series promoting that radio station to try to knock us down.
Put it on the front guy that pays the herald.
Not one diary, any demographic, any day part, any anything.
They don't exist.
So your time is up, you assholes over there.
They're there. You're full of nobody with this editor of the day.
Frame it. Save it.
Save it.
Look it.
That too.
It's 10 after 10 and 5 60 WQM.
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM.
No.
Let me read the acquisition course.
That must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the planet.
Because he's running for the White House, so he just can't admit it.
No drunk and that's not all he evened down a few steep balls.
He's calling Kenny Drunkwood Doos. He even dropped some left and two.
Why will George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut them mouth.
But if some of you got them business.
He did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
That he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he does.
Can he make his point much clearer?
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants the two believes.
That he didn't do anything.
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never put the planet.
Because he's running for the White House.
So he just can't admit it.
Georgie's clean.
Georgie's clean.
Georgie's clean.
Georgie's clean.
1015 to 560 WDQM.
Come on one more.
Anyway, he's got real problems.
Georgie, in fact, the Republican party.
They're kind of like self-destructing before our eyes.
Because this whole deal yesterday was there the ones that set up the rules.
And then some of them like John Engler there and Michigan, well, maybe I made a mistake.
But I beat.
And well, that's where it goes.
When you set up a Republican primary and 51% of people come out and vote are independent and Democrats.
And a lot of them hate John Engler like Poison, the governor of Michigan.
And also a lot of them are coming out to screw up the whole thing in the first place.
Then you got no big blame.
But yourself.
Interesting point by the way before we get to that brilliant hero editorial.
22 states have primaries between now the end of March.
12 have the same open rules as Michigan.
But unlike Michigan, all of those states hold simultaneous democratic primaries.
And McCain will not only have to face Bush, but also Bradley and Gore,
it's set up and so on for the Democrats independence.
And he's got no chance with them.
In other words, it's a whole different ball of wax.
In addition to which California and New York.
Do they have the same rules?
No.
So most of the delegates are going to go to Bush, barring from unforeseen miracle.
Now the Republicans are getting real antsy because they realized that McCain is a far better candidate than Bush against Gore in November.
But McCain's probably not going to win the nomination.
So they're between a rock and a hard place because they got to org.
And they're fighting out that everybody hates George W.
Like poison except Pat Robertson.
And that's another reason why more and more people hate George W.
Is because of Pat Robertson.
And those phone calls.
And because Pat Robertson's, well, you know what he is.
He's an asshole.
Although let's point out again the Gary Bauer endorsed John McCain.
I just mentioned that in passing.
For those who really believe that John McCain is reformed and this and that and moderate and the reformer, etc.
So right.
But nevertheless.
I like John McCain only because he's the one that's standing in George W's way.
And helping and also pushing George W.
Further and farther and farther to the extreme right.
And people are saying, oh my god.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know who will Pat Robertson to be vice president.
Anyway, so here on the hero today, a questionable bet.
You know, these people you should only rot in hell at the hero.
There probably some nice people who work there.
My good friend Howard Kleinberg writes a column there, but not too often.
Thank God for that.
I hope Howard doesn't have to go into building to write it.
Proposed Florida sports authorities, what they said at the wheels about.
I almost didn't read it, but I'm so glad that I did.
I just pick a couple of parts here to let you know what this is all about.
It says this breathtaking, the ambitious, but seriously flawed bill is the worker state representative Luis Rojas and Senator Roberto Casas.
He's an asshole.
Republicans from high, if it is to become law at all during the upcoming legislative session.
It should do so in a much hunger floor form.
And here we go.
I want you to listen very, very carefully.
It says there are flaws in the measure, the biggest of which may be to put Florida into the paramutual business as owner of the story, but dying highly a race course.
The financial base of the Florida sports authority seems to be paramutual betting profits that in.
Proposers dreams alone would pay for stadiums and other things.
And here comes the greatest sentence in the history of journalism.
And I use that term loosely journalism.
It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form.
But horse racing is a foundering business with highly and particularly showing dismal handles in recent years.
The likelihood of it producing profits for taxpayer owners is a long shot.
No gambler would take it at the end.
It says promoting sports is a worthy venture, but let's not allow state government to plunge into the racing business.
End of what I'm going to read from it.
First of all, the state already is in the racing business.
I hate to break the news to you because they're partners with all the permutuals.
They take, they take their share. They take their percent, which is the only reason they allow the permutuals to exist in the first place.
And it's been that way for about 6000 years, but don't confuse the hero with that.
They're already in a racing business, but this line.
To go back to that paragraph, that line, just write it down.
Get you a crayon right now and write it on your rectum on your arm on your sleeve somewhere and don't ever forget it.
If, if by some miracle, casino gambling should ever come up as an issue on a ballot again here, which I doubt.
But if it ever should, and these people start pontificating and lecturing again.
Just remember that sentence in today's Miami hero February 23, 19, 2500, whatever it is.
It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form.
Are you ready for that?
No, they must, they certainly couldn't be talking about like bingo like for church bingo.
No, that's okay. Church bingo.
As long as the Pope's got his finger in it.
It's gambling for God.
As long as he's got his finger in it and the gambling too.
Correct.
Yeah.
It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form.
Every day of my life, practically I pick up my two yokeal papers and I read crap and it just, it makes me just wonder what kind of people are in this town.
Then I come in here on the air and do the show and then of course I reinforce my memory comes back and I realize what kind of people are in this town.
It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form.
And so you wonder these crazy goody two shoes people who by the way can't can't take enough ads for all those cruise ships that they're always a rip it in because they're not mickies can't take enough money to promote that crap.
And their line always is well, you know, we separate the editorial pages from the guide them news pages.
In other words, we're a bunch of prostitutes. We're a bunch of horrors.
See on this show, I'm the one that will tell you where a bunch of horrors in the broadcasting business and we're proud of it.
That's what we are.
Oh, on this station we go a little bit too far. We're embarrassed by but nevertheless, we're a bunch of horrors.
But these people, they're in the newspaper business. No, they're in the advertising business and the brainwashing business.
Those are the two businesses that they're in.
They're in a self serving business.
You heard of places where it's self served. Well, that's how it is that they're old. Everything they do is self serving.
Everything is designed to further their own nest.
Whether it's their sucking up to the Hispanic community without any success.
By the way, Hispanics hate them like poison.
But whatever it is, it's always for their own benefit.
Just like that business sucking up with Tony Ritter and Mickey Erison and the Mayor Penga, Pakenia, because oh yeah, we got to renovate the town because one hero plaza just happens to be down there in a very dangerous and dilapidated part of town.
So whatever is good for the hero, that's what's good for us is what they would have us believe. Does anybody believe that? No.
Just like this poll on John Henry.
385 votes.
344 no. 41. Yes. The public is screaming from the rooftops. No, cut the crap. That's what they're screaming.
37.
But gambling. Oh my god. Can you imagine a more grotesque horrendous outrageous dangerous place than Las Vegas, for example.
A more decadent. A more 10th world. Oh, that's right. We're the ones that are decadent in 10th world and really a dangerous and blown everybody away all the time.
Without all those other forms of gambling. See, I just I just can't relate to that. I cannot relate living in the community that is run by a bunch of neonatiles living in the Stone Age and you got Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny.
There's no hope for this state. It's hopeless to lost cause. That's why we want to have a good time. Get on a plane on a boat or something and go somewhere.
Just go somewhere where you're allowed to have a good time. Where they're not working 28 hours a day to try to make danger that you don't have a good time.
It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form. What a sentence.
Then they just open up casinos in Detroit last time I checked and then Mississippi and every other guy in Balexie over there.
And all over America and most of the places not all of them, but most of them they're making money hand over limp wrist.
But we can't have that here because the herald says it's evil evil.
Here's a mole. Oh look at that. I pressed up mobile in Miami and all of a sudden I don't black.
Oh, I thought we weren't going to have to. I thought that's why I didn't know. It's been sitting on here. Look at that. We got more phone problems again today. How do you like that?
And of course I was told that that computer wasn't part of our phone problem is that what they told me because they're too cheap to buy a guy day. And by the way, didn't I say when I left here yesterday.
The number 11 was going through my mind. Yeah. And guess what?
I look on our website and then of course I look at my computer checking the market numbers yesterday and there was a stock I can't mention which one that looked like it was at 11 and 7 and 7 and 8.
How do you like that?
So whoever was on here, you'll have to call us back again. Okay, because our phone is screwed up again today and we have to reset it and repots gear around with it because that computer in there is a piece of crap which we shouldn't have to go through all of this.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay.
First of all, you're pulled 344 to one because remember you said, you know, any local.
Defoe probably voted 20 times.
Listen, what do you think about the pants of chances again, Washington tonight?
Well, what kind of a question is that? What does that mean?
What do you think about the claims? Their defense been playing pretty bad.
But what kind of a question is that? What do I think about their chances? Well, what does that mean?
Well, you're honest with pinion away.
I don't have no idea on a given day. That's why they play the games. If we already knew ahead of time, they wouldn't waste the time because somebody might get hurt.
That's true. Like Donald Bushier, somebody might get injured.
Alrighty.
Okay.
That's it. That's the medley of the response here this morning in the first half hours. What do I think of their chances?
Okay.
Look, I just got through saying, all I have to do is repeat what I just got through saying.
Just keep playing it on the endless loop over and over again.
Copeless.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Strawberry and trouble again.
Oi. How do you like that?
I think that's an interesting thing we ought to ponder, although I'm sure we won't get any response about that.
How many chances does one get? How many chances of professional athlete get?
And then of course, there's the Joe Roasting and Josie Lambeats column again for the 85th time.
You know, Josie, you've only had this in her like 400 times about the little dog and Cecil and little dogs had this and this one said that and the.
Come on, come up with something new and fresh and disgusting and really need you.
Okay, like, you know, my twigman and his boyfriend eaten the Josie other night.
Then we'll read your column, Josie. Come up with something new and exciting.
Not about the little dogs said this and little dogs said that.
Yankee outfielder, Darrell Straber, he tested positive for cocaine on January 19 and might once again be suspended from baseball.
A high ranking baseball official speaking on the condition he not be identified said Tuesday the commissioner's office is investigating and decision whether to take this one reaction likely would be made by tomorrow at the latest.
Straber a is tested two or three times a week as part of his no contest.
Plume a 26th 1999 of charges of cocaine possession and soliciting a prostitute.
He was sentenced to 18 months of probation and a hundred hours of community service.
He already has served two drug related suspension the first for 60 days in 1995 after testified positive for cocaine the second from April 24th August 4th last season came after he was arrested and tamper last April 4th for possessing cocaine and here we go again.
How many chances did they get to 300 sound good? Okay, I'm just checking.
QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning to six with Chocostello right here on sports radio 560 QAM Neil Rogers high.
Let me take you down to your stadium where you throw every pill while making track.
I'll say he must be high on blow.
And all the little things that it's all right to get real high and grab a bat.
Let me take you down to the stadium where throw every pill while making track.
I'll say he must be high on blow.
I'll say he must be high on blow.
This at lights, with toast.
mamy.
Guess how?
I never really thought it
George 70 and they're on the same you know on the same pain before but I guess now maybe yeah
They might have something in common. They both be in trouble. I think 1034 at 560 WQM look at this phone
This morning we hit four or five on there for a second and then they decided well. We don't think so
560 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 785 6345
Here's our loan lonely call and hi alia. Hello. They knew how you doing. Okay, sir. It's not the
The college is the phone because I've been waiting for about 10 minutes the first time and the phone kicked me out
No, no, we had to do that because we had a read because our computer screwed up. I see no it is the caller
There are no callers. Okay. You're the only caller. I'm not the only caller
And you know what if you're very honored you're the only one that's got the balls to pick up the phone and wait
Twice exactly and tell you it's bad enough that the state's anxious gambling in any form
How about the Florida lottery? Oh, yeah
Isn't I mean that is the state right and oh, that's not gambling is it?
I told you though. It's only the worst bet in the history of the human race. You got a 150 billion chance exactly
Yeah talking about the hero. I could not agree with you
uh
What a piece of crap this newspaper is
Uh, while you were weighing this alien drunk and on the drunken uncles of alien. Yeah, the news
Well the story was
brought out to the front page by the New York Times
And also carnival the all the wrong glances by a carnival. Mm-hmm. This was brought to the attention again by the New York Times
Because the hero I guess they're too far from the sea port or too far from the
from the uncles to um
To make it a story
They got their head too far off Mickey's ass to make it a story. That's the problem gotta be
Oh, well, I'm out of material. Okay. Have a great day. I'm here. Bye-bye
567 see and I don't understand why this nobody seems to care except me
I'm the only one that's pissed off over the fact that and then the default one or yesterday and I only suck it up to John Henry
Oh, well, you know, Wayne and Mickey and everybody likes Mickey who would have liked Mickey
What does Mickey Ererson do for this community
You know his father ran off resting pieces right father ran off with a nine billion dollars to Israel
So it could all be tax free and then he croaked just ahead of time
He didn't wait long enough so that they couldn't avoid the estate taxes
Anything that they can do to avoid paying taxes to this town and to this country. That's what they were the notoriously been famous for
And being in a cruise ship business like I've told you where every goddamn ship that they've got is but
Ships registry some other goddamn forward countries so they pay no U.S. taxes
And they stick those people on the buses and they schlepping from the airport over there to the port of Miami
And they stick them under both and we don't get one single solitary dime from any of those people
How does that benefit this community?
A siphon and a herald they love him. They're in bed with him. They're foddling him. They're obsessed with him
And why because they're in bed together
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
Yes, Neil I was wondering if perhaps you can answer a question for me how come everybody shouldn't be in bed together
And why can't we be in bed with alien?
Here's a mobile and for waterdale hello
Hello
Yes
Hello Neil yes
Hi, first time call a long time listener. Yes, sir
Uh
Transplanted next then from low island. Uh-huh. I have the cover of sports illustrated when Dow was
Worker season. Yeah, the straw that stares the net
Hmm
I'm gonna fac that for you right the cover the straw that's up his nose. Yeah, the straw
I don't think this is gonna be the last straw either by the way you
You know where to give another chance and another chance and another chance and nobody cares
You said that I wanted like he has a cover of sports straws
Sports Illustrated. Yeah, yeah, the straw that serves the left great
Okay, okay, thank you. I'm holding my breath to send me the straw
Yeah, let's get your GW in here in the in the straw man
And have a rift snorting good time. What are you saying?
21 before 11 at 5 50 WQM
What's the obsession with Hoki?
Tonight on VH1 storytellers. It's a very special evening with Christina Aguimera. Like I got the idea, you know
For this song one day when my manager told me I had to sing it get the story behind the music from the woman
Lady the adolescent who conquered the pop music world with their own unique style. I got like the idea for this song from
Britain's fair, you know, then I like to my record company and
That guy right at
Christina Aguimera on VH1 storytellers. I think like a big turning point for me musically, you know, was like when I finally realized
Well, I needed breath temp last when they write the pop music history books
They'll file Christina Aguimera under a well
Christina Aguimera tonight on VH1 storytellers. They show where people who have nothing to say say
This stuff that fucking bitch. Yeah, it's a 1044. He got your Grammys by the way and I said to George this morning
Looks like Carlos Santana's gonna walk away the whole bunch of him and he said what
He said oh, hey, come over. Is what he said. Yeah, oh, yeah
I just don't understand that can anybody understand it can anybody explain that to me? No
Carlos Santana would has become back in this crap music that he's
Pumped out. I don't know. They must be paying somebody off
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call from New York. Hello
Yes, Neil. I'm Brian from New York and I
Kits your show over the internet actually. Yes, sir
And I just want to say I love you show and great job and I think your comments about Darryl Sherbert right on
You know, they're gonna keep on given my chances as long as he can come out and he hits the ball and he gets people in the seats
And you know, it's it's it's a sad it's a sad time
But I really called to get your comments about
The dolphins in the in the free agency
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. He had a town line
877 7 8 5 63 45 877 7 8 5 63 45
Here's a moplin Jupiter. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes
Listen, um
First of all, I just want to tell you know, I've been listening to you for many years. Uh-huh. You always have a really
You know a student view on politics your your you know, I'd always agree with you
But you always get a good opinion usually call a spade a spade. Yeah, I got one question flood. Yeah, when you got two candidates in the Democratic Party
You got Bill Bradley
Who's a pretty honorable guy. Yeah, who's a guy that has a message. It's out there. What's the message?
Well, I mean, you know, number one health care. I mean the face that Gold Valley you know talking about. Yeah
Then you got this fish kiss
Heptic critical wire
Al Gore he's this and hypocritical huh? Absolutely
The essence of this conversation is you want me to agree with what you were saying is that what you're
The purpose of it. I don't think he's vicious and I don't think he's any more of a liar than the other politician
Well, you don't think you can shame you invented the internet. What do you think that's what?
What do you think that's about? Oh, that's I mean, that's just a that's just being stupid
That's just a you know, uh a stupid comment is all it was he was he was he was a proponent of the internet and the uh
All of that stuff. I remember the speeches he made about it was just a stupid comment
Well, does that make him a liar and is that relevant? What about it about what about the tobacco company? What about it?
What about when he was
Doctor what you want? He was
Repeat all the things that Bradley said and like every other commentator said this election isn't about what happened in 88 or 68 or 70
It's about what's happened the last eight years and what these candidates stand for now. That's what it's about
I think what I you know the thing I'm wondering is what what do you have against all Bradley?
I don't like Bill Bradley. He offers me nothing. He's lackluster. He says nothing
And now he's just like I just got through saying he's launching into a whole series of attacks based on what Gord did and voted 10 years ago and 20 years ago
It isn't relevant. It doesn't mean anything
Okay
I mean if you if you you know on the one side on a Republican side basically you've got a religious pissing contest
Okay, the anti-catholics against the anti-bord again Christian and that's what they're talking about and who's being the most mean spirited and who's during the most dirty campaigning and and there's very little discussion of any issues
And on this side you've got Bradley now an active desperation who's becoming really mean you talk about mean spirited
Who's doing a lot of personal tests? He's not doing any good for the party. He's got he's got no chance. He's not gonna win
Yeah, but but don't you think on the Republican side don't you think McCain has a lot to say too?
No, I absolutely do not absolutely do not campaign finance reform is all hypocrisy on his part
He's been taken as much money from a special interest is anybody else has been he's a hypocrite and a phony
He's a hundred percent phony. Let me say it again because of the fact that he's different and he's a warrior
Oh, and he's in a nigma because nobody knows very much about him because most of the American people are bozos
They don't have not evolved the politics all of a sudden. Oh, hey, he's the great white hope in the meantime
His voting record is his conservative or more conservative them stromthurmond, okay?
Seventeen years of a record to stand on and we're not talking about 10 and 20 years ago
We're talking about this past year. We're talking about right up to this moment
Well, you know today there's augur he's gonna be there at century village in dear field. Yeah
Well, you so you don't like al Gore, but I mean you're entitled not to like al Gore if you want to vote for Bill Bradley in a Florida primary
Be my guest. I'll vote. I will be voting for al Gore. I just I just have a problem with his integrity. I don't I don't
Okay, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
If I'm looking for integrity in a politician, I'm going to be looking a long long time. Okay. They're all a bunch of great robbers
It's a matter of survival. That's the way the game is played unfortunately
You're looking for some honest lump to come along without to taking millions and millions of dollars from these Chinese and everybody else in their brother not gonna happen
It's not gonna happen
And it's interesting by the way and now all of a sudden George Bush George W. Sper campaign finance reform
Yeah, after New Hampshire all of a sudden he discovered it. Oh, yeah me too
Yeah, even though the republicans of course bury it and even opa robbertsons on there talking about how it's invasion of their freedom of speech
Because he wants all the go into be able to pump as much money in there as they possibly can
Oh, yeah, we got to have the board again Christians running America, right? No
They they just refuse to get the message. They don't get it the overwhelming majority of the public doesn't
Hates them like poison hates them despises them like poison
And if I have to choose between the Catholic Church with all their crap and all their scandals with it
Yeah, they just got a little bit of a fag problem there
But if I have to choose between them and the board again Christian. I'll take the Catholics any day the week. Thank you any day
Here's a mobile in West Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yeah, sir
When I saw the little Georgie
Squirming and trying to put a positive spin on his loss yesterday. I absolutely got my rocks off. Yeah, I mean, I loved it
I love them. You know, all of this late watching him score. Am I love it?
With all the millions that he's poured into that to have him come up loser like that. Yeah, and then blame it all on the Democrats
And the lady they put up the rules in the first place exactly and the latest thing on the on the
Ilion saga is now he's a
He's a saint rising rising from the ocean. Yeah, unbelievable. Anyway, that's it. Okay. Get it in. Thanks for the good news
All right
5 6 7 maybe what's your name will come back to the mermaid 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line no more time hangs movies. Please can we have a year without time hang on please
When I beg great to see him go in limbo. I just think all the people in Hollywood you'd like to see go if just for a year give us a rest
He's definitely one of them
Just stay home meeting his boxed chocolates leaving all the rest of us alone
Here's hi lia. Hello
Hi, lia
Hey, you're out of your this morning. Okay, sir
You know, I was actually looking forward to watching the Grammy tonight until I saw that Rosie O'Donnell is gonna be hosting the dance
Yeah, I know that's how I thought she got naked pictures of
That bitch that disgusting cow. No, I know
Anyway this morning they had on that conjurer
Lady the one that married the millionaire on yeah, good morning America
I'm sure that was on once that you'll never see again, right?
Diane Sawyer and you know, it's been a worse nightmare according to her and she never slept with the guy
Of course not they were there were standing separate rooms. Yeah, the whole thing was a sham
This guy is a you know former
Too-bit movie star and the stand-up comedian who's a publicity seeking phony baloney who doesn't have two nickels to rub together
Mark the lost millions of dollars. Yeah, she's supposed to be on 2020 and she's probably hasn't taken any money
Although she's had huge offer isn't it interesting. She's gonna be on 2020. Yeah, what is this all about?
Why can't they just say it was a fraud and it was a bad idea was the disgusting revolting idea
They're not gonna do it anymore and now we go on with something that makes any sense. Who cares about that bitch?
Well, ABC wants to make CBS look pretty bad. I guess no fuck. It was Fox. Oh, okay, whatever
Flux. Yeah, and another thing on the back of the living art section today at list all the symptoms of computer addiction
Yeah, psychological physical how we need to start a class action suit against Bill Gates like they did against the tobacco industry
Yeah, right, you know makes the money a lot of people are addicted right? You think about it. Okay. Have a great day
Okay, bye a lot of computer nerds out there morning noon and night
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba but great seeing all the response we're getting on our website though. That's good
And if anybody would say if people were anybody well should say well
They're just voting against that tax money for the stadium because you were against it
Then how come our presidential pool came out to totally different and McCain did so well and bush got a bunch of votes
It even at sparser alan keys got the 4.4 percent
How is how's that possible if everybody's just going along with me like the guy before he doesn't like Gore
He's entitled, but I mean to call it if you want to discuss it fine
But if you want to have an argument with me, I'll be glad to argue with you sir
But there's no point to it. You're not going to convince me. I have absolutely no problem with Al Gore based on the present field of who we have to choose from
Is he well he being my number one choice to be the president? Of course not. No
And let me say it again, and I say it with no
Problem at all. I like bubble a lot. I love bubble for me the last eight years have been fine
I'm not just talking about personally, but as far as the country's concerned making a lot of progress slowly
I mean very slowly, but then again, look at the obstacles
He's been up against they've been too busy. They wasted a year and a half worrying about the blow jobs and all this other stuff
As opposed to really getting down to things that they could have been taken care of like campaign finance reform
That's supposedly they're so concerned about
And education and other important things
And gun control. Oh my god, you can't say that
Yeah, and love McCain's answer by the way
When I talked about you know if you have to register your car how come you what's the big deal having to register your gun
Well the Constitution doesn't give us any rights to own a car. Of course they didn't have any cars when they wrote the Constitution
Oh, I see
Yeah, they didn't have automobiles when they wrote the Constitution Senator McCain
Maybe that's why it doesn't say anything about your right to a owner car or drive a car have a driver's license
Etc. And so on and it also by the way doesn't say I god damn worried about having to write the owner gun
That's not what it says
But that was his response
Air be single issue from abortion you name it gun control
Fags every one of them the right wing agenda, which is why Gary Vauer endorses and very enthusiastically
That's John McCain, but if you see looking at him it's a great warrior. He never stole a freight train. He's a reformer
Be my guest. It's a free country both for whoever you like
It's not abortion
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a man who thought that all I all he had to do was just show up
Just show up just be as dumb just like that Luther Campbell song as stupid as he wanted to be
And America would just laugh it up and all of a sudden and maybe not such a good idea and you mark my word
That move to the far right in South Carolina and this happened in the bed with Pat Robertson and Bob Jones University and all these other far
Bison of Williams that's gonna cost him big time
Because if he does win the nomination, which is still up very much in doubt at this point
All I think he will because of the rules of the primaries, but if he does win it
I don't think he's got a China man's chance against go or Bradley in the fall
George E.W
Fort Lauderdale, hello
Absolutely correct sir. Yes, I am Nigger Neil God. Yes
Yeah
It was funny last night I was watching George W working the crowd as they call it
He looks like he's just going through the motions like you really can't stand doing what he's doing
And then this morning in the slum sentinolars an article about how good he is at working the crowds as compared to
Bubba. Yeah, it seems like every every place
Clinton goes people just really
Like him. I mean he's a nice guy and he just has that charisma about him. Yeah, but George W
He's like a slime ball or something
Just disgusting. I mean who'd you rather go to a party with Bubba or George W
You know if you're a w probably go off and according you know and start some and I mean now
Probably be doing something exciting
But you're right on the money about McCain and all I had it's scary a lot of people don't realize what he
Well, he's thinking on all that because he doesn't really give his full thoughts all the time
No, but I will say this at least if nothing else. I'll say this from McCain at least he's he's for the moment
He's working against that right wing faction of the Republican Party
The hit him like poison although the fact that Gary Bauer endorses him still
Terrifies me and makes me realize what we're really dealing with yeah, oh yeah, definitely. It's scary thing
But also I wanted to put in my vote for Santana. I know you don't like no, but you can play the pizza
Thank you. There's having time and one more peop for Rosie O'Donnell, please. Okay
Okay, it's 1056 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T where I was lying
One thing most of us can agree upon can't wait
Rosie O'Donnell she's a pig and disgusting and not funny and just nauseating just to puke from the women of America
I rest my case like I said yesterday their taste is in their rectum push
Between her and all the other crap decided don't blame the men of America with Jerry Springer
They're not the ones who were home during the day watching that crap. It's the women of America. You're not gonna be watching Oprah's new channel
There's another one for you that bitch
She's got them all mesmerized eating out of the palm of her gland
Can anybody explain to me what that's all about that Oprah thing? No
You go girl. Yeah, you go girl far away soon
1057 at 560 QM
Hi there hi, we did you want to be a millionaire sure
Let's go
I am
Sitting across from
We just feel been
I went
Running out of time you got all three lifeline come on reaches come and quit my answer is a C
I'll try to be
That he's just to know what do I do if I am a sure to show me the door
If they get harder, I won't go no father
I am stuck on the one should I call up someone?
Get my mom on the phone in a hurry
Come on, Sam just ask her eat your final answer. I'm regi just getting pissed what did she say?
She don't know
Miss smart expression
Ask
her
I
See
My
Mini
Will
I'm going to be final answer I will ask you
Look at me no capy-leaf
No, I'll forget show the others flow
We just see it we got waiting
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQA. I'm here is a call in Perine. Hello
Feel me old. Yes, sir. What's up? How much all right good morning last night. Do some channel surfing
I was there with my wife watching TV and we're watching Fox News channel
Which is probably the first mistake
There was a female on their
Supporting the Republican party of course and my wife lifting me she goes you know how any woman in their right mind
Can even be associated with the Republican party is beyond me
How can they how can they look at themselves in the mirror
And that be part of that party is well look at that Mary Magdalene boots they got on crossfire every night
I don't want it's married to James Carvell with the bald head. Oh, I talk about a fascist pig a piece of crap
Can't believe I'm not sure she's a woman to be honest with it. That's true. That's real butch to me very
Very another thing my boat for the Grammys tonight. Yes, sir. It's me queers. Okay. At least she's got the meat or fish on her body. Okay, I deal see
Yeah, but isn't she underage? No, no, not anymore. She's old enough
Speaking of a Kathy Lee. This is very distressing and Josie Lambeats column right next to all this crap about Joe Rosen Cecil Collins in the same stuff
He's written the same thing about 20 times now Josie. Maybe his Alzheimer's is kicking in
Toothie TV talker Kathy Lee and hubby Frank Gifford at the water for a waterfront seafood joint snappers restaurant
My marker 94.5 in Kee Largo after joining a large group of friends gathered at an outdoor table under a chic a thatch chickie thatch
Kathy Lee was mobbed by fans
Is that nauseating or what Kathy Lee was mobbed by fans? She kissed baby side dozens of autographs and
Poets for as many pictures Frankets like it wasn't even there. Well, I can understand that but Kathy Lee
Mod by dozens of fans
Was it for a singing no for her acting no for her great sense of humor no for that great
slave labor. She's doing out in her land America. No, she keeps lying about no
I don't get it. I just don't I just don't understand what America is thinking about
Like this bitch this is the guy mentioned before Darva Konger. She's gonna be on
2020 now because she got to was that it's stupid who wants to marry a millionaire show and the guy turned out to be a p-toolie guy, I guess
Well, look at this phone today, man. I'm gonna tell you I think we're out of business. I think I think it's all over its history
Yesterday we had a record breaking day on our website. We have what 72 trillion hits on the website, but on the phone forget it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's our only call pop it over each hello
Hey, awful. I'm your little bit bad.
Okay, that's it. That's our medley of our call. Hey asshole
Okay
and
And people say to me, oh gee, I sure hope you're not gonna retire too soon. I sure hope you're not gonna go away because what are we gonna do?
I don't know. What am I gonna do?
What am I gonna do for a response on this show? I guarantee I'm not going back. I you know, maybe it was very entertaining
You know, I talked about doing it for a long time talking for four hours of day. It's just it just takes your kishkis out
Nobody can do that
Whoever heard of somebody having to do a talk show talking to himself for four hours every day
When we got 50 billion people allegedly listening on there and none of them ever have anything to say except hey, asshole up your answer whatever this guy said
Everywhere you're going this time. It's like yeah, it's like the same like at the hockey games
Come on. Have a little look silent. Here's something free. All right. Like that bitch the other day. Oh, you know, she's two in the guy out
She says how about some tickets? I'll take some tickets. I got a ticket for you honey. Back. Don't that's where you can stick it the ticket
bitch
Here's Miami Beach hello
Morning. Yes, sir
Who in your opinions the premier presidential candidate?
I just got through Tonya and then what I like of the bunch is Al Gore
Okay, well, what do you sound so bummed out about? What do you why do you say premier?
I don't think any of them are worth a crap, but that they're there only four of them that are worth talking about right now
He's the one that I prefer
Why do you sound so bummed out of us?
You're happier if I said some other name? No, I just want to get your opinion. Yeah. Well, what's your opinion?
He seems like to be the most intelligent out of mom
Are you a religious nut? No, no, no, no, no, then why would you mention his name? Because he seems to be him always
Are you black? Are you black? No, no
Just he seems to be the most intelligent out of all of them, but he's a religious nut
It's a shame for that
Well, you say it's a shame for that. That's what his whole thing is about is morality and being a
But it's a whole campaign is based on he doesn't stand for anything else
Well, I'm a father and then closely not father
And then why would you give me that name sir? Please do me a favor in November stay home. Do not vote. Please. I beg you. I beg you
What
What are they seriously? What are they concerned about the broad that was stiff by the guy who wants to marry a millionaire and
Kathy Lee is having dinner with some
Chophouse down there in Key Largo with Frank and let's go get a autograph and
Then after that we'll run up and see if OJ's in town for another golf tournament
I'm sorry folks. I know I can't change the human race, but it's getting so much worse by the minute
I can't I can't wait
I can't wait to say bye-bye
Oh, yeah, why don't you leave now screw you and he'll screw you
Yeah, but then what are you gonna do with your life four hours every day, huh?
I mean you can only rub it so long before it gets raw and then after the first hour what do you do then the rescue your life?
I mean Jesus you can't complain about the political knowledge of the
software to population here because generally speaking is almost none it don't exist
Yeah, he's really intelligent that Alan Keith well, he's the first of all he's a radio talk show guy
So he's glib he can speak okay. He's got a radio talk show Alan keys. That's what he does for a living
So the fact that these articulate and can speak he'd be speaking pretty good
Hitler was a pre-dynamic speaker too last time I remember uh-huh. Yeah
Only get a better mustache than Alan keys
9 minutes after 11 I'd find a better hairdo 9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM
Ladies and gentlemen, okay, this is mumbles number five
The Tuesday
And
It's 11.15 at 5.60 WQM. I'm gonna tell you something. Seriously, if you have any stock, if you have all your money tied up in stocks like 95% of America does not
have 5 bucks or 5 million and here he goes again. Here he goes again. We have part 2 now of Humphrey Hawkins with Alan Greenspan. I thought it was all over with. I thought we survived. That we made a little bit of a comeback and guess what? Here he is back again today.
Mumlin just like that thing we just heard there. Mumlin 4 and 5 and the Dow is down 139 and dropping like a rock as he speaks as every word comes out of his fat disgusting mouth so that you can watch your money just piss away right in front of your face. Just vanish.
Excepting for the sake of argument.
Oh God. Just drag his ass out of there okay. Get him out of our lives.
I think the way to do it is just having come and testify every day. And then in about two weeks or you know, we'll all be broke. We'll all be on an even playing field. We'll all be totally broke.
The breaking of America by Alan Greenspan. Down 136 and dropping like a goddamn bomb. La Bomba.
Don't get excited about this relax. This too shall pass. Okay. Okay. 5 6 7 didn't Alan keys invent the internet. Yeah, that's what I heard. He invented the internet for dark folks.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil how you doing? Okay. Hey, this is a Kubanito from Miami. Let you know that I've got a wish. Thank you and do everything for you. I lost 30 pounds in the air. All right. All right.
Great. Yeah. And what's your tap into him? Hello. Hello. Oh, no, wait a minute. Hold on a second. Did you see what just happened? Line 8 came on. That guy disappeared. And line 8 came back on. So if there's anybody in this building, including our steam program director general manager, engineer, anybody else who thinks that our phone problem has been solved.
I mean, it has been a lot better. But here this guy vanishes and line 8 pops on by itself again, which happened once yesterday. And you didn't believe me. You thought I'd my hand to bump it over here. I was nowhere near that damn thing and the phone either.
The agony continues when you finally get some people on the phone here. You can't have a conversation because this thing's got a mind of its own.
And let me tell you again that that computer in there is screwed up. It's a piece of crap. The one that they absolutely refuse to replace and give us one that works because there are a bunch of cheap pricks.
I warned you people in this building. I said, don't do it. Don't buy that. We can't talk about. Okay. I warned you that the George Vianney. Did he get it? Did I robber griepper? No, no, or the only ones.
Because I know these people like a book. Everything they touch turns the instant process. Smith. Just give us a phone that works. That's all. Give us a phone that works. Wind it up. Walk away. Leave us alone. That's all we ask.
Pay people on payday when they're supposed to. That's all. And that's it. Very difficult. Right? No. No. And they still can't do that. Here it is February 23rd 2000. And they still can't get it right.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I was calling just to tell you why I was voting for Bradley is not that I'm obsessed with everything. I just think he'd make a high quality president. And I made it. I don't dislike Bill Braille. I mean, he's okay. I would have no problem with him. But I like you'll grow better. No, no. I see that too. And I just thought he might work on some real issues and not get sidetracked with all this minor stuff. And you know, all the crap that goes out and you read about. But hear about.
Yeah. That's all. But you got to remember, don't get too carried away because they all talk great during the election campaign. They've all got the best of intentions. They got a lot of great ideas. Really some of them do. And then once they get in there, they got to understand nothing gets done without Congress. They can know they can't act unilaterally and do whatever they want. True. Well, I appreciate you listening to the input and have a good day. Okay, back to you. Yeah, I have no problem. I don't dislike Bill Bradley. And you know, in fact, I think it was good that he got in there. He gave Gora Shottany.
He asked. Got him off his dead ass. We'll come up a little bit. And it's still out of done deal. I mean, Gora doesn't completely have a wrapped up. Although it would take some boring, some bizarre event. It looks pretty likely that he'll be the Democratic candidate. You like Bill Bradley? I'm not going to have a snitch about that. If you like John McCain, you're entitled to do that. I just would urge you to take a look at what his voting record is and what he is positioned to been last 17 years. He didn't all of a sudden wake up one day and to come to the great reformer and all of a sudden change his colors. I mean, it's just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of vergarnation. And you know that's a problem with it not many people, absolutely not old. It's a pretty bad deed. So, I'm definitely familiar with this desire. But yeah, we're all familiar with these ideologies, I mean, how we can begin with the business use of a kind of fantasy game business. Back in the day, I spoke to the philosophical community and intellectual Rps, and I think this is my view, because these ideas don't separate us. It's the bad bitching world. And it actually doesn't matter how anything else but can it totally sense this budget of costumecraft. MY NO is clear if you can hide yourself through some of these ideas, again, it's the bad bitching world. So I'm just saying that is not enough, definitely not enough time to go live but rather a decent period of the 2017, but perhaps I'll excuse you
Did you call to get me depressed?
No, but I called it, you know, I know South Florida is not going to like what I have to say.
Where are you?
I'm in Burbank. I've been out here for about 11 months.
Uh-huh.
We'll tell you a story about my agent, one of the biggest voiceover agents in Los Angeles,
sitting at dinner with him.
And he says, oh, South Florida, you ever hear of a guy named Neil Rogers?
Yeah.
And I went, oh, and he said, man, you sound just like the guy.
I said, we're not time the guy.
He got up out of his chair, one over.
He kissed me on the top of my bald head.
Yeah.
He went to college down there.
He's got a whole group of friends out here that love you.
Really?
If you went to a different city, like you say, a real living, breathing count.
Yeah.
You would see how happy you got, even in that crap hole business you call radio.
That's right, because I wouldn't have to sit and beg for calls every day.
Do you have any idea that I'm doing the same thing now?
I was doing 20 years ago begging for phone calls every day for four hours,
talking to assholes and begging for phone calls every day of my life.
You know, people don't appreciate you.
You're too brilliant.
You've got too much to say.
You're too on the ball.
I've been listening to you for many years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And what happens is they get spoiled down there.
And then you go to any other city and you try to listen to real controversy.
Fortunately, we've got fill out here.
Yeah.
But you try to listen to something.
Somebody's got an opinion.
Are you sure I'm absolutely positive?
Yeah.
And the bottom line is that people could be consuming you in this country.
Yeah.
I should be on the line.
If I was on Nationwide, I'd be 50 times bigger than a fat ass Nazi-Russian ball.
I'll tell you that right now.
But I don't know how you would feel about doing a show where you're happy to come in every day.
It would be a culture shock.
I'll tell you.
Actually, when I come in, you can ask George, I'm pretty happy most days until the show starts.
And then I go through my monologue and I talk.
And then I can't get a response and I start getting pissed off.
And I go home leaving here like shaking my head, like what am I doing here?
Everybody improves to you every single day while you hate that job.
I don't, I hate this town.
I'll tell you that.
So many times I had just despised it here.
This is the end of the world.
You saw it.
It's like a place for dead people.
There's no living and breeding people.
They're a 90% dead people.
You know, I'm sorry.
I've got family and friends that live in South Florida.
And that's not my problem.
I feel like if I never go back to Florida, if you too soon.
That's how I feel.
I just came back from Amsterdam.
I go five times a year to Europe.
And every time the plane comes back in land here, I want to blow my brains out.
It's depressing.
You fly in.
It's like a concrete parking lot.
There's no personality geographically to start with.
And if you don't consume the ocean, if you're not out on a boat, if you're not fishing,
if you're not doing something that involves the ocean, let me tell you, there's a lot of ocean in this world
with a lot better places attached to it.
And...
Yeah, fly across it five times a year.
You land in some cities and there's mountains and there's things and there's...
And it's like, oh my god, it's like a postcard.
You come in the Florida and it's planned real estate.
It's like...
That's crazy.
How?
It's them, they're kill them.
Yeah.
I feel, actually, I've got family down there.
I feel like if I go there, it's a nightmare that all of a sudden I'm going to close the doors and say, okay, now we're not letting anyone else out.
So in other words, it's not just me.
It's not because I'm a star push and a badass and a hard ass.
It's not that I want to wind and complain.
It's just what it is.
You are a bombeter for your city.
It's a sick, no-town dead place to live.
Yeah, I'm telling you, you get into a coma in South Florida.
That's right.
And you get involved in the humidity and the heat.
Yeah.
You get involved in the angst that is the energy of the city.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, the complexion of the city is crap.
Yeah.
It's a nasty hole.
You know.
L.A. isn't the best city in the world, but you got mountains and ocean and people that are happy here.
I hate it.
I don't like you.
L.A.
L.A.
It's not used to be great.
L.A. used to be sensational.
Well, I'm here because of the business I'm in.
Yeah.
You know, and it's the best move I've ever made in my life.
You know what happened to the man who got everything he ever wanted.
I don't speak Korean, so I don't know anything about L.A.
Well, you know what it was.
The 818 area code was very preferable because it means money or luck in the Asian cultures.
Yeah.
And they were very upset when they switched and had to split area codes.
So in other words, I assume that you're doing pretty good.
You know, I'm doing better than I've ever done in my whole life.
Right.
I've always been happy personally.
I have family and kids and friends, but professionally, radio kicked crap out of me.
I never had a great year in my life in that business.
I had fun.
It was a great job for a kid coming out of college or whatever you're doing.
But as a man gets older in that business, it's like on the Howard Stern crap where you know WNBC,
having a guy who's half my age, telling me how to do what I've been doing for twice as long as he's been in the business,
I was ready to throw up.
I saw no future in it.
And it was fun and there was a lot of things that happened that were great, but there was a lot of crap.
Yeah, but you got to meet Mike Reneurie.
Every morning.
Yeah.
And Henry Burrell.
Oh.
You know, if you were to go to a town.
Well, where am I going to go?
What will you do?
Where am I going to go?
Do it from Italy.
Do it from your house in Italy.
Also, in other words, you're saying I should do the show from someplace else.
Well, coincidentally, we're working on that because I can't deliver here forever.
I mean, this place is the end of the world.
You're right.
It drags you down to their level.
There's happy people all over the place.
And I don't think that's right.
And most of them aren't here.
You know what it is?
There's what three million people in South Florida.
Four.
Four million.
Okay.
And I would say fairly enough that there's about two and a half to three million assholes.
Right.
That's right.
You've been here for a great time.
Here's what about eight million people here in LA, six to eight million?
And there's about the same amount of hassle.
So the density is a lot lower.
Right.
The asshole prura, a square inch here, is a lot lower up there.
So you run into fewer on the road in South Florida.
They'll cut you off and then shoot you the bird about it.
Are you sure?
They'll cut you off.
And they don't even know you exist.
Yeah.
Which is so much preferable.
More important.
I'd rather...
I'd rather everybody be here alone.
I'm really happy.
And I feel a lot better now.
I have to talk to you for five minutes.
I feel like going out to a gun shop on 441.
More of my brains out.
But I'll survive.
Troy.
Take care of yourself, Mitch.
I love you, Neil.
See you.
The great Mitch Lewis who said...
Boy.
And then he said...
Bracket him.
And then...
Roy.
And a few of the others.
Good guy.
Paul.
And a good guy.
And you got that a lot of here.
You're seeing people look at out of here.
They're like...
I can't believe it.
And here I am every day trying desperately not to like, browbeat the public.
Just get a little bit of response here.
Just pick up the phone.
Give me a call.
Just something.
That's all.
Agree.
Argue.
Disagree.
Puked.
Whatever you want.
I don't care.
Just something.
Just some sign that there's somebody alive out there.
That's why it's so exciting.
We're doing these polls on our website now.
To your 100, 200, all of a sudden there's 300 votes.
We had almost 600 votes on the presidential poll.
For this crowd.
Boy, that's pretty exciting.
That's all you want.
Just a little response like you go to the game.
Some reaction.
Okay, beside just waiting for the guy then cracked the gets lung up at his stands.
Is it going to happen?
No.
No, but it's ungood.
Thanks for getting me depressed, Mitch.
No topics from a lot of the property no necessary.
Wake up with the Sunday morning sports pay.
Sunday morning, 7 and 9 with Jim Mandage and Josh Garrow.
On sports radio, 560 Q-A-A.
And Jim, how?
It damn you're killing them.
I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have
to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm
going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm going to have to say, I'm seeing great things inating though I was experiencing these kinds of things.
i switch years for second i don't know if anyone brought it up to do you hear about
uh... loose uh... faircourt junior
uh... was arrested in charge with uh...
lacking his
eight and a half month pregnant wife over the head with a metal serving tray
alright
for the n-h-l
yeah they'd just get her up
so much i guess for the million-man margin
treating your women better and uh...
like it's not that
uh...
i think that's understood i think he said be the women better so that's a
r i guess
this john the king thing uh... here a lot of people talking about uh...
great guy stand up god
he's a reformer
i don't
wasn't a thing i think that's about him
why he was in captivity his wife
all those years he was in captivity she spoke with him she campaigned to get him out
of captivity
uh...
out of ten five
yeah all those years
he was there and when he got out and came back what did he do
divorced her
and married the daughter of rich
well-taken nice move
attempt like uh...
somebody who gave words to me
yeah more
moral stand up god is a more stand up god for you
but uh...
the public is frustrated because they think that gory strictly establishment
they figure brotherly is more boring than gory is and uh...
and they hate to watch w-like poison they pretty much all agree on that
so they look at him is the alternate because they don't know much about him
so he's like uh...
the new face in the crowd and all you hear somebody else
and he was a war hero so we can't be all that
and therefore let's jump on his bandwagon even though they don't always all
about
yeah well you know working way you know
well uh... his wife doesn't feel like that i guess
stand by him all that time
jump ship
ritual taken daughter but uh... that's that's the guy for you
not for me i'll pass
all right now have a great day sir
god bless you and all the people in tallahance you left here for a few
and the game
and i heard her call about the hercones
don't think it personally but we don't want to hear it for them
we're not needed by them
out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
that makes the list called what i was out of what to do after that i want to
crawl into the table and kind of play my navel
i mean i understand everything you say there's nothing to a revolutionary about
that he sounds great he's having a good time and his life is improved
dramatically which i'm sure mine would be to five or get out of here but i'm
stuck now
i'm stuck back myself into this horse and buggy town and i'm just stuck
and you know and it would take so very little just a little bit of effort on
their part just a phone system that worked just a one of these these being a
little bit more professional and being a little bit more aggressive
what about this t.v. campaign that we slept all that makeup on remember how
many weeks ago that was
when is that gonna start
that john jurist was running around here like a big shot by the people that are
all we're gonna do this and Greg reed was running around like the rest of
the do something is anything going on no haven't seen anything about that and
probably because they don't have the money because that thing that we can't
talk about because we're still in the quiet period we still can't talk about
that
is turning out to be a big gigantic
flop
a big smelly gigantic flop i'm not turning on that the cnbc anymore i i i i i
mean the mishlouis call was depressing i've been delighted to hear from
these a good guy
but uh... turn on cnbc watching alan greenspan part of way my money i can't
handle that
it nauseating disgusting every word that comes out of his mouth and it's like
we can feel you can feel your wallet moving around in your pocket in the
money like in the wall it keeps getting lighter and lighter and lighter yeah he's
lightning that low it's the alan greenspan diet
he'll make your wallets so let you feel like a feather
here's a mobile in my any hello
yes sir
back back with you
all right about that about that there's our phone screwed up here
and line ages knocked you right off
oh god hey it just wants to let you know because i'll talk to you about the
actin right
and at the same time you know that i've uh...
successful at it
but one of the main concerns that i had is because it got me real pissed off was
the other day at a home shopping network one of those network deals yeah
uh... susan summers selling uh... one of her
diet deals and now she's come up with a susan summers high
and she says that uh... now low cards is the best and she's uh...
i would have book and with the whole yeah all everybody in their brother now
is doing a little car
and got me so pissed off looking at this and i was like this is you know the guy
that really originated with that can you know for a bunch of years
and now she's trying to sell herself with it
well what about the hellers they're doing the same thing and then the ones
that have that info merciline tv those boring guys with the past they'll
background there
i can't think of what their name is but uh...
all protein power
e-mail doctor ead yet another one of their uh...
of course if they discovered that something worse than becomes popular
they don't want to jump on the bandwagon just like all the quiche was back on
tv now every network so i'd be five quiche was twenty times a week
that's what i want to let you know just pissed me off to hear that but uh...
just want to let you know that i'm a true believer back in the true believer
review okay will you keep it up
you take care of things
yeah maybe i'll go back on that can today what do you say that that that that
when you know something did not say a few days ago and i really mean it
i'm losing weight now in ten pound increments i'm looking at dieting in a
whole new way
work on the ten pound which i did lose by the way
and i'm just kind of i haven't been eaten some crap but amazingly really uh...
you know gain a pound here
and the three pounds i gain an answer then on my vacation i lost them
so i'm pretty much back uh... maybe a couple of pounds beyond the lowest point
i had in the last month
so now it's time to work on the next ten pounds
and if the literature we got the other day about those two studies that an
act in spying all of a sudden hey here's some proof that right there in the
these studies
because you know the medical profession unless they've got double in triple
inquired group of blind studies they don't believe in anything and here are the
studies and the cholesterol levels came down
and the attract list arrives came down and people lost weight and they're
healthy and they're still alive
so we get for lunch
well now we can get neck in the country to get tony's in here with some
stuff
but i do think i'm allergic to cheese though i think i have uh... like to
santa and i think milk makes me
a little i i just do a too much cheese
too much god damn cheese and i love cheese
oh man do i love cheese
wow
you know anybody who doesn't like cheese
no
is there anybody in this audience who doesn't like no everybody loves cheese
don't forget the
cheese
we're gonna get tony's
usual stuff sure
yeah let's get tony's bread that probably upset with me because i said something
about the salad and put the meat in there we love your bread
okay just could
well now we want to meet back
today i'm doing that in tomorrow do you know so that's summer's the next day
i'll do a nick lash lackey whatever's name is
and then the day after that i'll do them again
hey listen speak of that if you get a little ball spot on the top of your
head or maybe a big big fat one and a ball spot too
the sports leader
sports radio
uh...
q
a
dot
right here
on
masterpiece
the direct
syndrome player
present
and
romio
and juliette
what light
rian window break
it is the
and juliette
is the
what
you'll pay
you'll
and
this is the one player
presentation
of romio
and
juliette
on tonight
uh...
here
okay what's been in the romio and juliette take place in by the way
what's it in italy
romio and juliette where was the uh... setting for the state of erona
verona very good and you want to know the reason i know that
because it was a question on the squeal of fortune last night
what's the other time number glad you ask eight seven seven eight five
fifty forty five so one of our factors and the st. Joe hospital medical
center diet here
which uh... a lot of old man
but it says it works on a chemical breakdown it's proven you can lose ten
pounds in uh... three days you'll you will lose ten pounds and three days
you go off and eat normal for four days go back on three days you can lose
up to forty pounds in a month if you stick to this time
forty pound in a month
but there are a couple things on here like beets and hard-boiled egg
would i eat a hard-boiled egg no
huh
okay in stuff with stuff
well for lunch on the third day you get a hard-boiled egg in a slice of toast
i i would not need a hard and i certainly will not eat beets will i eat beets
no no way
there is a china munch and now there's as much chance of i eat in a cup of
beets as there is eating head cheese
i think i'm getting sick
okay here's a mobile in my amy hello
uh... yeah i knew yes sir how you doing great uh... i want to talk about the
com green show
uh... i don't know if you notice that the past couple of skits that they've done
i haven't seen it in a month
yeah i think they're trying to censor for some reason i don't know
yeah
uh... i think they're trying to like i don't know it's not being on the edge of the
use to right
i don't know as much better when he was on a common the original comedy network
it was a thousand times better
and since like you say he's been on ntv it's uh... it's losing the edge which is
why don't you watch it anymore
they showed the reruns so many times that you just forget about it
well i think yeah that that's that's another thing i think they've like uh...
watered them down basically with all the
with all the reruns but i think it was on public access
right before right then uh... his kids were like so original he was great he is
great it's just that uh... you know if you don't let a guy do his thing what's
you gonna do
yeah well and uh... one of the kids he goes to a restaurant and he has like this
cubicle around him
and he's called a smoking cubicle
yeah and he says uh... he has the guy uh... what can i smoke here and he says
no no smoke and no smoke and he goes
yeah but i have my at the at the call
it called it space the
personal
the smoking i don't know cubicle thing i don't know
and uh... he says i can smoke in here because i'm not letting smoke on the
guy gets all mad and he's like i'm sorry i'm sorry you know
don't call a cop you know like real scared i don't know
it's almost like it event tv like pulling the chain on them a little bit i don't
know
i don't know the letting them run wild
well you know everything mtv touches it
turns to craft
alright now
have a great day for us if tom green is god we love tom green we just don't
like mtv because there's a lot of proof
music television they show any music oh maybe like four videos today is the
same ones air restink in day
everyone every every same videos daily
and i'm not talking about carcin
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line out of
town line eight seven seven seven eight five
sixty three forty five i could actually read this on here this time and of
course they have to write it down and they won't anyway
it's fairly it's simple i mean there's not like a whole lot you get to eat
you couldn't lose 40 pounds in a month but it's supposed to be on like a
chemical you know what i mean the balance of the food that you're eating
caused you to lose the weight like for example the first day for breakfast
you have black coffee or decat or tea or water plus a half a grapefruit slice of
toast and two tablespoons of peanut butter
which i'm assuming you put on your toast
for lunch half a cup of tuna slice of toast and coffee or tea
and for dinner two slices of any kind of meat about three ounces
a cup of string beans a cup of beets ooooh
a small apple and a cup of vanilla ice cream
and then i got news for it if i was honest i would love vanilla ice cream
i'd love any flavor i don't know if you could you think you could do it
for three days at a time and lose ten down now
i guess i could eat the beets i could eat like you know i just
make that ugly look on your face like and just the grinning bear it you know
here's for a lottery hello
so
for a lottery
yes you know if you go back about halfway through uh
which is phone call you roll the tape back you can catch when he's talking
about Miami and what kind of a crappy place it is yeah you can catch the golden
tones of michael Lewis saying it's a nasty
hole
mm-hmm it's a beautiful thing okay and i wanted to call you and find out if you
what was that
that was him
oh five six seven oh five very funny five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty he's chronic anyway whatever that was
here's Miami hello
Miami hi yes sir how you doing now okay listen i wanted to talk about
Alan Greenspan yeah you had mentioned that earlier on i know you also think
that a lot of people in the here might have don't have any political knowledge i
agree with you um but i wanted to actually wanted to disagree and
dispute your fact that that he was bankrupt in america yeah you know my i don't know i
didn't say bankrupting america i said he's bankrupt in me well no i understand what you
see i mean you know what every time he comes on here the market all of a sudden overreaction
the doubt starts dropping and dropping and dropping all of the nastyx up 49 points for anybody's
got text stuck out there rhymes with dreck but anyway no you're up but you know what i got to tell
you i actually think he's one of the most honest politician you're not even bothered political figures
yeah you know that's out there because you know if i try to ask anybody out there i mean
the economy my opinion is the way it is because of him robber ruin right there but robber
rubin is gone see that's a problem i think once robber rubin left and he brought this fat
gory in there what the hell is his name i don't know what his name is i know you're talking about
the deputy guy he's me the fat whatever is there this guy he got all everybody panicky and they
what what is this guy need to be on there every week why can't he like prepare a written report
for them why do we have to put it on television why does everybody have to get all bent out of
shape and panicky about it it's all drunken but what is he after threaten all the scared of crap
out of all the investors what's the point you know i know i agree with you i mean it's a drama
do you know how it is it's political drama if my nose were that big maybe i would smell
inflation all over the place even if it didn't exist too you know what i'm saying i know i
think that's his problem he's he smells it no i know i know i know i did listen you know
another thing is uh what what is that what's that uh that's that's a little help me guy you know
it's just a distressable job stressful people you know any i know but listen i'm i also think that
you know i mean all these guys that are running in these primaries bush and
can and and the braless you know i mean to screw that man you know i'm saying it's just like i mean
green span i mean that's that's where the money counts and yeah i mean he plays with it he's playing
with you know he's playing with us that's the problem i don't feel good okay i have a rate they
pay you two but okay so there's a guy that likes y'all in green span oh i don't like him i don't like him
dangerous devious with my money five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's Hollywood hello
Hollywood hi yeah yes sir um i go saying uh don't eat that cheese and don't eat the meat
but i'm glad to hear cold ones rectified um wanted to mention uh
rectified right that's it when dimension the uh FCC uh kind of along those same lines as green span
where this representation but it's uh pointed by that president and uh another something up where
they're trying to make uh cellular phones so you don't have to pay for incoming calls and uh
mostly europe users are already right right that's uh just here in the u.s but uh as far as i'm
concerned the only two things the FCC should do is allocate frequencies and uh keep that position
groups from buying up all the local stations right and that's that's the only thing they ought to be
doing that's in the beginning that's all they were authorized to do nobody ever authorized them to be
the word police this is something they made up as they went along uh at the behest of people
like Jesse Helms and other right wing fanatics like that that's what this is all about the word police
yeah oh that's about all i have okay and have a great day thanks and screw the FCC that's our
comment here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Capri i'm gonna take a preta while he's usually the one that's calling us from out there
mix Lewis is absolutely correct and my my biggest problem is that instead of just being able to
sit back and understand i mean after 24 years you think anybody with a half a brain would
understand where he is should not understand yeah but i don't i just can't accept it
so i have to work in for this outfit for well over two years now perhaps i haven't almost
three years worth of contact with the want of beastlies and Greg fraud or read whatever's name is
they're not they're not gonna change they're not gonna get any better
so why do i do lube myself why do i first rate myself over the fact that you can't make gold
out of chicken crap you can't do it it is what it is i find myself saying that almost every day now
on this show it is what it is i mean there's a word that i'm looking for i think maybe the word
is crap that might be it here's Fort Lauderdale hello hey yes sir yes i am
hello speak to me oh Neil how you doing this is dead up your mother for a lot of
death yes sir i want to listen to your show for the first time and i want to know
because some comments are made for me about things that you said about black people and i want to
know what the comments are about Martin Luther Coons day and why you're listening to the show for the
first time yeah and you had comments taken out of context passed out of you and you want to know
what they meant did i make any sense to you sir well i'm trying to figure out what this show is
about because i heard some pictures today and i want to know if i want to keep listening to your show
and that's something that somebody will wait every day the way that i would listen to the show
is if i enjoyed the show i would listen not because somebody else said that i said something or
took it out of context no i'm not saying for somebody else and i'm talking i'm getting a
straight from the horses mouth that's the way i am i like to get paying straight from the horses
but what kind of you like it now i just want to know what's the what's the comment about
Martin Luther King Martin Luther Coons day and coons being black and coons being referred to about
black people things like that coons are black what color are coons what color are coons what color
are coons raccoons raccoons are great gray yeah what shade what shade are they you tell me
i don't know what you're asking you a question right now what shade are you one shade of
art that's not the point the point is the point is the point is the point you're talking about
the shade of coons i want to know what shade you are i'm going to lighten shade of art a lot of
you're like mocha there you go all right well you're okay then we accept you into our program then
oh now i'm accepting because i look like mocha if i look like a dark top baby then i wouldn't be
a shabby well we have to as they have a much longer conversation well we can have a conversation
like a number of times well i don't i have commercial break but have a great day
and i see i should have pursued that what does the median got nothing but time is this guy working
or something what's that see there's another ugly or stereotype like these dark folks have got
nothing but time on their hands and plenty of time because they're not working maybe he works
like the late shift you think no no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the out of
time after you hear about that martin loo sir coon deal this is five sixty two a f the
neal Roger show sports radio five sixty two eight and
don't give two eight and my happy boy car tail
this is Bob doll the face for ed erectile dysfunction speaking to you
front of a classroom of children in the heartland of america you know one out of every ten
american males has some sort of e-d i've got five different kinds matter of fact my plumbing is
so messed up Bob doll peas that is belly button yes small person what's gd
well you know that that feel when you get around your pelvis when you see a tree in barbo
oh
uh uh how about jozy from jozy and the pussy cats
well how about that genie and a bottle girl oh yeah i know that feeling there you go well
Bob doll doesn't have it because of ed no matter how much i rub the genie stays in the bottle
right now i'm ten chapters into a harlequin romance and nothing
ah ah not even a stirring i have a satellite dish put in so i can receive six hundred
channels of hardcore porn still nothing what's that uh well that's what your bad watches when your
mom's upstairs reading you're gonna notice your dad changes the channel real quick when you walk in
and slide to fell over his lap yeah he's probably trying to find a way to work through ed either
that or he's just a perv uh uh Bob doll standing in that this is to america's youth
looking here kid nothing that is a door now
202 at 560 w3 m do we believe that we sure do hey and there's another record we're for you
litty dual whatever happened to her huh remember that remember those two or three days when she was
a candidate uh-huh litty dual oh my god one of these people thinking about everybody's going to be
the president and the people that step forward the people that step up to the plate 99 percent of them
are like morons nispits troglowites 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t line you got a town line for
the entire universe is sitting there waiting on you are poor question today by the way is are you a
hockey fan i think you're gonna be amazed when you see the result on this you think it was
lot cited on the john hendon baseball stadium most seriously i think that this could cure me of
my delusions are you a hockey fan yes you're no very simple keep it simple Eric that's all are
you a hockey fan yes or no that we can give you a final telly on that stadium thing as soon as
Eric uh-sense it over to us yeah we'll do a different poll every day to get people over at
neo-rangers.com let you put your little vote on there get a little bit of response see that
michael luis might not be a hundred percent correct even though we know in our hearts that he is
here's a call in my any hello my any
okay have a nice life here's a mobile and hi alia hello good day neo yes sir good day
good day neo on the subject of things that are never going to change for the better like the bees
leaks i think bad i mean sand onelson was a bad example to use as a on the rug subject
because that guy's going to look like a mule with a rug on no matter what company he uses uh-huh
definitely yeah the most and the most hard one of all has to be that school board guide frank
yeah he's got a nice piece man and i think he bought that at a pet shop
yeah something like that and my wife has in categorized as the most repugnant man in south florida
you're what my wife has in categorized as the most repugnant man in south florida can we fraud
yes okay she was quick to point out that jupacula month that he has to by the way okay
you know so all right neo okay go gargoyle with rinseo and call us later five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello jupacula
watch yourself cut the crap now you know what i call the howling grinston yeah i breath
because every time these ticks man the whole thing crumbles down uh-huh and they take a
while guess what's the uh the uh-huh you lost the money on okay i can tell i can't almost
bet that i got the right stock well what are you saying what do you know the you lost a lot of money
i didn't lose a lot of my anything on paper i lost a lot of money i didn't lose a lot of money
well paper on the stock market right i bet you i know what the stock was yeah you're gonna tell me
i want to give you a guess i'm gonna tell you the stock okay okay losing
losing technology no no no i never had one sent i already said on the air what it was it was the
right at the Netherlands Equal Fund oh oh that's it how you know that we bought it ten dollars and
twelve cents and as the yesterday was like nine fifty seven to make it a little comeback and
hopefully it gets near ten dollars and i'll dub it on paper what is it you got a lot of money in it
yeah how do you know how much money i have in it oh well i don't know i get like forty six
thousand dollars so you lost and that only when you lost a few cents yeah okay i was more
put later here okay okay do you have any idea what that what he was talking about he was
obviously one of your people i'd uh five six seven oh five that was my stockbroker
another yeah probably you know your stockbroker or your maybe it was your uh count
no he's one of your people you notice i know he is not one of my people i have nothing
that you wrote that off yes i can i have i just about any of our relationship in any way
shape or form with the your accountant david he's laying this to fill in his rock and he's
hot and he he is a crazy person certifiable belongs in a rubber room in a straight check it somewhere
with all the else house he and i'll say it again that peace on 60 minutes on sunday night i'm
sure that a lot of people this audience saw it but i'm sure that also that the user to embarrass
to talk about it and what they're doing to those kids and they're rocking back and forth and they're
hot and reading all that crap and they're growing their payas and he's kissing the mezuzza on the
outside of the door before it goes into building oh jesus god talk about stone age the cavemen are
embarrassed by it here's pompino hello pompino yes sir did you happen to watch him or she
not if you follow me on the night to catch any of that at all no i did not it is he bill bradley and uh
core panoring to the black community like that to me that's the killer if i didn't see it how would i
have well i mean you see you to see any excerpts or anything i think i saw a couple of clips yeah
i mean but the clips they show basically where they're you know screaming at each other calling
each other names and do you think it's worth the painter to the to the Christian right or to the
Christian left like that like the public i mean like the democrats are doing well what is the
Christian left what's that reference sharpen that's about as left as it gets yeah and uh he's
a Johnny conference he's obviously like sir who does he represent well he's one person yes but he
represents a good proportion of the black community feel like he knows that he doesn't no he doesn't
uh i think you're wrong now i mean that he's considered a very i mean he'll be out of
it let me ask you to get his ass is the black you want to have a conversation just want to scream
okay it's there is the black community trying to tell us and change the laws and tell us how to live
yeah they want to change it they don't want to deal with affirmative action sure that there's
things that they want to do no i'm not talking about are there things that they want to do but are
they trying to impose their religious views on the rest of us i think that comparison make it
to the Christian right there right yes because you know you're the one that made the comparison not
made you're the one who said they're worse and i'm asking you are they trying to impose
the other one that he's called the Reverend Allen he's very very politics sir what difference does
the make how about the Reverend Jesse Jackson everybody they're brother-in-law's the Reverend
obviously you don't like Al Sharpton and guess what need to do why and have a great day
good golly miss molly woo thank god we got so many political astupapy people here in south
florida see i guess this guy it doesn't bother him that you know George Bush spoke at Bobzones
University or that Gary Bowers endorsing John McCain or that Pat Robertson made those phone calls
in Michigan none of that seems to bother this guy Al Sharpton has got nothing to do with my life
okay sir nothing nine minutes after 12 o'clock at five sixty wq
oh frosty mad in theaters now from the director of the talentate mr. Ripley it's the talentate
mr. Bill hey look everybody it's my new to hour and he's really hungry you'll kill
the
the
the talentate mr. Bill and coming soon the talentate mr. P body my name is P body i suppose you know yours
12 14 at five sixty wq a m
oh don't forget our poll question on the nioarjars.com on our website are you a hockey fan yes you know
very simple very easy could be very revealing could have a dramatic effect in altering the future
shows that we do five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line out of townline
is available for eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's a mobile in
bokeh hello mobile bokeh yes sir hey nioarjars are going to be quiet it's put
literally as cute as that last guy talking about Sharpton so i'm gonna change his subject
talk a little hockey here um i don't know if you've had a chance to listen to anybody else
over the last gold days talking about the mixorley deal but in between your breaks i flip over
that other station of fan and they got two guys over there that probably wouldn't know hockey
puck from a baseball talking about if mixorley should be uh prosecuted in the in the court and i'll
be still called i guess florida fans calling in to give their two cents worth and uh it's just
ridiculous just goes to prove that you know everybody down here it claims to be a fan just uh
ready stand up in the pool i had a whole bunch of calls about the yesterday because i hadn't seen
it because the game didn't end like one in the morning it was in van koevr and i watched a
little bit early part of the game and it was like a blowout it was for nothing van koevr so there
was no point in watching it so i hadn't seen it and yesterday i got a call about it and i said oh
i thought what i thought you would have started your show with that so i turned out ESPN i saw the hit
which was grotesque and unacceptable right and he ought to be suspended the rest of the year and
hopefully they'll make him retire and get his ass out of the game already but uh but you know when
you try to talk about what's going on here or in our arena or with our team you forget it you
can't buy a call i mean it's a frustration that's unbelievable and yet because to see again it was
an act of violence or right away everybody's in it what they've shown it on tv at least 60,000
times since it happened a night ago and it's and it's it was i'm a huge hockey fan and you know
it's a great sport and there's definitely no place for what he did absolutely but it's like all
these people calling in now he should be three you know throwing a jail and he's really i'm sure
he'll get the remaining 20 for games at boss and yeah right but uh it's ridiculous and uh
one other thing i know you got the dish so you get the NHL package but you ever watch ESPN and
watch Gary Thorne and Bill Clement do the games yes i think i don't know what you're what you're
you know i like those guys i think they're very good i think it's very Thorne calls every game like
it's the seventh game of the day they do a real good job and i know your friends with rimmer anyway
so could you pass on a hint to him and pop it and have them you know have them split them on
everyone's want to take a hint and you remember step asleep and pop in uh you know he's telling me
what happened in the game five minutes ago after he talked about his island today okay say hi to
Dan Kelly see ya and bill he went five six seven oh five sixty in Danny Calivan
pond five sixty on the 18t wireless line see that ties right in with our question on the website
are you a hockey fan i think well i'm not gonna say what i think could be real revealing
five six seven oh five mean what is there to say about the mariner Mcsorley and Donald
brashirons and what is there to say it's unacceptable it's grotesque it was subhuman and get get
it's asked out of there that's all not a lot to say about it it was it was nauseating puking
doosing and Donald brashir by the way out of point out he used to be strictly a guru when he was
Montreal uh he's come a long ways and he's like a skilled player now in fact just the other night
against Ottawa scored an unbelievable a highlight real goal for a Vancouver so he's not only a fighter
but he's like a real player now with some real skills which ought to be something to think about
here for these so-called Panther fans who are so obsessed with somebody that wears the same uniform
number five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line boy you talk about
chronic man can this be the same ten david we spoke to two days ago wow
no head what's going on the i heard you make some disparaging remarks about not watching
CMBC anymore because of mr. green spare i said i'm not watching anymore today
okay until you get his uh big nose off of your screen i see okay i was concerned you went into
a panic you know i'm down here now but you know i mean when i get back at you when you're down
here i thought i saw you yesterday no i'm right at the moment in fact i'm traveling on glades
road heading for 95 really well if you get out of the uh if you get out of the mall and uh
had a turn down all these people who keep recognizing it gets very annoying and they're all looking
for stock tips to know that's the only thing that mr. david we know you're holding back
can't be something good give us something good actually what i get is this you must be rolling in
it but you must be you'll get all the good stuff yeah there then there's other ones that are
rolling in it and it's not money either well look at this the doubt is only down 71 of the
nsdex up 63 so it isn't all bad but why do you guys keep putting him on there why do you keep doing
that you know i don't always want to realize you don't make the decision but you know as well
as i do that every time his face shows up on a screen now and even if he fart and it's not
the right flavor you know the way the street the market is now everybody's running in there on
the phone and there on the internet uh just we just don't need to see him anymore let me tell you
though you know what the ratings every time he's on the ratings go up yeah and then they're in
our portfolio goes down well that's another issue and uh yeah i'm not supposed to have any opinions
if i had opinions of course i'd be wondering why he has to keep repeating the same thing over and
over again but i'm not allowed to have that opinion why is he on here again today i mean this is
the Humphrey Hawkins arrangements it's uh senator Paul Hawkins and then you but Humphrey get together
and decided on this twice a year congressional mandated appearance they're both dead they're both dead
yeah i know but the legislation lives in huh oh i see i mean once they both visited us couldn't
we got rid of this i mean and why can't he testify why can't he present a written report you know
well actually some of the questions he does answer in in written form but the fact is this is the
the equivalent the Fed chairman's equivalent of the state of the union address and the state of
the economy address twice once each house of the congress and that's the way it works yeah
but uh with all the and by the way i noticed that g e which is your parent company i don't
want to get you nervous around because you're well aware of it but g e is really
since you opened up his mouth taking a big dive oh g e because of the uh it has the financial
arm of g e capital it's considered a financial stock by some yeah and on days when there's concern
about tightening you see the bank stock the financials go down and take that to g e is a
a financial stock to some at some times it goes down yeah and you know why a day's when a market
is doing well it's not a financial stock that makes those the refrigerators it's a great buying
opportunity yeah and what did i tell you about that which i can't mention because we're still
in the quiet period but about the company that owns this radio station what did i tell you about that
that's going public isn't it well that's not what it already has it's already in the uh
stupper like i predicted it's already opened at 15 and a half it's 11 and seven eighths
with today the IPO date now it's your your weekend half late oh you don't have my
vacation don't ask this ted david any questions you folks out there in them all he doesn't know
uh from squat i'm on vacation i don't pay attention when i want to vacation well it's a good
thing you're not paying any attention to that one believe me what's the ticker symbol on it
you don't want to know come on i don't i have no idea what the ticker symbol is on your company
stock you don't know the ticker symbol no i'm in fact want to go on the internet to check it out
just to make sure i have to look up a b e a s le one my uh i have to pack up and get it okay
easily easily easily i can't talk about it on the air because we're in the quiet period you know
well i'm going to go to my quiet period but again always a pleasure to hear you on the air
and now i just wanted to be sure you weren't counseling people to tune out of cnbc on a permanent
basis we love cnbc but as i have it on there right now you got all the uh there's a cyclicals
and here's walmart and home depot in the down the nasdaq and the s and p in the 30 year bond
but in the upper right hand corner you got your friend up there again why can't you just if you
got to have a monitor make it like a real small tiny picture so when you go with real good eyesight
can see i have suggested the management actually that we use the sap channel you know special
audio program right squeeze them up into a box and if you want to hear them you push the sap
channel and you can hear them and otherwise we go on with market watch your power when you're doing
you just said squeeze him into a box if you had any idea how appealing that sounds to me i've
got to go in the open okay i'd ask to do in here in south flora i see it there bye bye
ten david says squeeze him into a box is that what he just said uh that's what i heard him say
right on green span oh there he is taking a see and how he got me to turn it back on again that's
why he called oh man let's get back to much music and get something good on there okay maybe we'll
get 98 degrees or something worthwhile or even at just a good bitch that uh that's practicing
abstinence five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty how do you practice abstinence huh how do
you practice it maybe she'll get it right one of these days yeah maybe maybe they should change
the name of the group from 98 to like 69 degrees because they certainly must be doing something
you know i'm saying uh huh and her too here's your call in my any hello hello yes sir
yes yes i am yes i just called to everybody telling you leave Miami and things like that but
i really don't want to see you go yeah i'm going to hear young listeners and we love you done
i know we can't we wouldn't stand the same you know i love it here man i'm this this town is what
life is all about i don't know you you might not like it but i love it here i got to do something for you
got great weather we got friendly people we got a lot of fun a lot of entertainment a lot of
excitement all kinds of gambling because cios big name entertainment what more could you want
all right we got you we got manatees we got caterpillars we got all kind of we got cacoon
what more do you want yeah everybody say amigo i'm not going anywhere we got the cool i have a great
let's start talking about those cunes again that brother will call back in again with his
wider shade of pale or whatever he was talking about now we like him he was a like-complexed guy
not that we're racist on this show but if you're a little bit too dark we're just not that we
don't like you we're just scared to hear that that's a hell of you this is the way it works out
well here's some lunch that's beautiful that's nice how about a little fork with that and i'll be
all set just fork it over oh well wait a minute well what's this
you want the same thing i don't know i said the same stuff that we always get i didn't say
necessarily this although i will pick through this but you know you you thanks brad thanks to
our friends at tony's i don't want to start pitching because believe me never look or give
to us in the rectum mouth great pre meal i mean boy we can hop up the free food here like you
wouldn't believe that's what it's all about getting the free meal getting the big fat paycheck
which George has got one of those two down to a science five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T line out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty four
five and just to show you how boring this town is like michael Lewis said you know i'm saying
michael right ten david comes down here twice in three days he's calling on their show because
his whole experience here in south Florida comes here to listen to this show the driver rounded
here this show this is the only thing so you'll people out there to give me a song and a dance
in a hard time if i left here this time they would officially pronounce this down dead
DOA in a box like Alan Greenspan isn't that what Ted says uh-huh here's a mobile on the
alley hello hello yes sir hi Neil how are you great great uh good afternoon i'm not an old time
friend uh i've been on a few times i'm from the finger like supper you from uh i have a uh
i have a little stock if i don't know if you've ever gotten into the rexal
the new line that they have been in rexal i had a prescription filter once about ten years ago
well now they're all on the internet and if you would go on uh rexal dot com
backslash v fishers you can get a newsletter and uh yes if you get one of their websites you can
buy their stock for half price and it's not going to deal right now who is it excuse me right who
what stock uh rexal you know the drug store that we used to have looked like the uh i'm
for me these springs up there but why should you be able to buy their stock and have price what is
the rationale behind well what what happens is if you go to that rexal dot com backslash v fisher
you can get a newsletter yeah they let they let the people sell their items now worldwide yes
and if you do get into that well then you can um get a deal on their stock and uh instead of
get it out how is that possible how can anybody buy a stock at half price i don't uh understand that
well if you if you get into the uh newsletter into that website yeah what you do is you can you
can get your own website and sell their items off the internet which is basically a word by mouse
and they get a well said other people it's like a pyramids game it's like amway well not
on the internet yeah because uh okay thanks a lot see in Geneva 56705 60 pump 560 on the ATD
do you have any idea what it's talking about look no i'll start to wipe it for fact
so
We couldn't turn the field.
Here is your cup.
It's a little hard.
Words, words?
You never have guessed it.
You are far.
That it was red-teeth.
Here's our friend's owner.
And in our cohorts.
We took David Crabby.
Couldn't find Tommy Lee.
He is our friend's owner.
And if we do, we're the end.
We will go see us and then.
He is our friend's owner.
All right.
Pro 32 at 560.
I was just in here for a couple of minutes.
I said, hey, Miguel, I've ever considered being a sperm donor.
He ran out of here like you wouldn't believe.
Don't forget, Miguel will be with us with George and Volkabrine.
And you're truly a seminal Indian casino in Hollywood.
This Saturday noon to 2.
We'll have the apprised wheel there.
We'll be giving away a bunch of stuff.
Probably not anything ready to great, but we'll be there.
And there'll be gambling going on.
Whether the hero likes it or not.
How do you like that?
In case you missed the beginning of the show,
turn to page 14b.
In today's Miami hero, then read that first editorial,
a questionable bet.
And it's bad enough that the state sanctioned gambling in any form.
One of the line that will live in infamy.
One of the worst lines written in the history of urinalism.
And I use that term really.
Squared, squirt, loosely.
560, 7.0, 560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Let's take a call and sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The game the other day in the afternoon.
You know, the Monday.
Yes.
The glass broke, right?
Yes.
So what I hear is that they only had two pieces of glass and one was too small.
And the other one was the right size.
Yeah.
Now, suppose they're another glass got knocked out.
Well, I didn't, so I have a great thing.
Suppose the roof went into your house in about two minutes, okay, pal?
Suppose chicken little came flying through the roof and crept all over your head.
Another one of those uplifting calls from the real happy people in South America.
How far?
Good.
It took 20 minutes, which I would say is about the average time it takes to fix every year.
I've seen that happen a few times.
Doesn't happen very often.
And it took 20 minutes and life went on and that was it and had no bearing on anything else.
But here's a guy who's got such a rich, poor life that he's sitting there worried about.
Suppose another painted glass would have broken and they wouldn't have had the right size.
16,000 open lines here all of a sudden.
Now, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think I'll just get much Lewis to call back in again.
And he and I will just go on and on and on and do a monologue for hours and days and weeks about this deadly-ass place.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Lady in Miami?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Can you be nice enough to tell me where I could get that diet that you mentioned on the radio?
I've heard of that diet 20 years ago.
Yeah.
And it used to be called the airline stewardess diet.
Yeah.
And I have been searching high and low of that diet and it was a miracle that I heard you mention it on the...
Well, what did you hear about it?
Well, that it worked.
It ched off weight miraculously.
Really?
Yes.
Well, I could imagine why, because first of all, you're not eating very much and even if there isn't anything that the chemical breakdown that they say,
you're eating so little that I can imagine you'd be losing some weight, but 10 pounds in three days sounds pretty exciting to me.
It sure does.
Yeah.
And you don't go hungry.
So where can I go, where can I find it, where can I send it away for it?
I don't know, because somebody faxed it to me.
Would you like us to mail you a send you a copy of it?
Oh, I'd be eternally grateful.
Okay, hang on.
Thank you.
Wasn't that nice?
Oh, she got it down.
I'm good.
I'm good.
Today I'm in a good mood.
Hang on, sweetheart.
Okay, line five.
Listen, that lady wants a copy of this.
Can we do that?
Can we make a copy of this and send it to her?
How about we put it on the site?
Well, she's on five.
Ask her if she has a computer, which I doubt.
I mean, she started like somewhat of a middle-aged lady.
She didn't sound like somebody had a computer.
Oh, if she might.
We can do that too.
Then we won't have a million people calling in and saying, will you send me a copy?
Because the answer will be...
No.
No, we won't.
What?
Oh, we'll be sure and bring it back because I'm going to have to read it on the air because
inquiring lines won't allow.
And then a lot of people in the audience will get real sick and maybe die from it.
And then I'll say, see, it's because of that fat bag on a radio.
We'll win on that diet.
I'm not recommending it.
Somebody just faked it to me.
Find out if she's got a computer or somebody in a family's got a computer.
And it'll be on our website.
And then we won't have to do it.
But I'll be more than happy to have Joe's making a copy right now.
We'll send her a copy of it.
Make her very happy.
Make her day.
So I'm not such a prick after all the day, right?
No.
Well, here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple of things.
First of all, if you go out of town, you go into the station on the internet, right?
Yes.
And a couple more things.
For somebody like me, I just want to get in shape.
I don't need to lose any weight.
Do you know any of any specific diets and also a shameless request?
If you could just play the Al Gore to the macarena.
All right.
Thank you.
Oh, man.
Woo.
He was good.
He was good.
And he was fast.
I'll tell you that.
I mean, in no time at all.
Court's court.
He was dumb.
Now, what do you want to hear the Al Gore macarena?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Al Gore.
Al Gore, as you have never heard of a scene before.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations to be by the front.
This is some ground.
I've been watching you doing that macarena on television.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate to you the Al Gore virtue of the macarena.
I am not trying to help you.
I'm not going to let you do the macarena.
Locker rate.
Locker rate.
What you'd like to see it again?
Hango mocha, come on, go.
Hango mocha, aimo-cho.
Go, go, go.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, locker rate.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit, locker rate.
Locker rate.
Locker rate.
Locker rate.
Locker rate.
Well, today is the day, but if you're going to go to one of my toy, you wouldn't be losing as much as you're going to lose today.
I can't tell you what we're talking about with Joe Castello on the air, but...
Don't be such a thing.
Yeah, that'll give you a clue.
Why wouldn't you listen to me?
I mean, do I have some vested interest one way or the other?
I mean, try to give you a good piece of advice.
I told you in the first place, don't buy it, but you won't listen to me.
Maybe when it's down to about five would be a good time to sell it.
That would be good.
Maybe he reckoned your decision was personal in nature.
No, it's based on personal knowledge and experience.
That's what makes it that much cheese that much more binding as in...
Right.
That's okay.
Hey, listen, when it gets down to five, six, teens, you'll be in great shape.
Just like that Boston chicken, Schmidt.
21 before what?
Oh, and I was speaking to Ted David, all the experts on CNBC that was like two years ago.
Oh, yeah, Boston Market.
This is going to be very underpriced.
It's only 15.
I'll be a broker, all the hot shot houses were recommending it.
What is it now?
One five hundred and thirty seconds, something like that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
It's not Boston chicken.
It's just chicken Schmidt and I was what it is.
I'm a fat Jew.
It's always the same old story.
I want to have sex with women, but I hate dating.
I certainly don't want to get married again.
Excuse me, have you tried a hooker?
A hooker?
What's that?
Yes, throughout the ages, the male of our species has re-wanted on women of casual moral,
staccu, proudly exchanged sexual favors and returned for a small one-time, monetary
stiffens.
I got meal.
How could I do that thing my wife usually only does on my birthday?
I don't play the hooker too.
So I don't have to keep chasing after bests, you know, more.
Ain't that right, girl?
Ah!
It's the day, simply early settlers from brick layers to circuit court judges who are
brave, fighting men overseas, working girls have served a valuable role in our communities,
providing that needed release fat.
Housewives are just too busy and today's modern fast-paced for all to accompany.
Wow, Pop, I can't wait till I'm old enough to get near smelly disease-ridden cesspool of
a broad.
Ha-ha, someday, son.
Someday.
To learn more about the fascinating world of hookers, consult your local public library.
Oh, boy, here's the thing called radio-digest.com.
Another local radio yenta that's written about people like Mindy Lang.
Have you ever heard of this?
Oh, boy, you don't want to hear about it.
And he's got a big piece.
Let me give you a clue what else you write to button here.
Johnny likes that answer.
Yeah.
Veteran broadcasters among us, we in South Florida are fortunate enough.
That's several major market radio pros either retired or still on the year are very much
alive and well in the area.
Wasn't that long ago that we saw Johnny remember we went over and got the guy to tour the
Cox building over there a couple of years ago?
Did he look alive to you?
No.
I just spoke to him.
He's alive.
How can you tell?
But anyway, it goes on and on about to Johnny dark and end of it.
It's kind of interesting as it says.
Johnny dark.
Okay, 14 to one at five sixty.
Well, now what is this?
What is this with these phones this week?
This week is crap, man.
I just don't get it.
We went to the break we had to have at least six or seven calls.
Didn't we go into the break?
Yeah.
Now there's one.
They not only don't care enough to send their very best, but they're in a hurry.
These days they're real, real busy.
They're getting ready for the Grammys tonight.
They're going out and buy 20 or 30 kegs of beer.
Getting all ready for the Grammys.
But a bunch of snacks, you know.
Here's a mobile in high Alia.
Hello.
Good morning.
You know, like.
You're getting a little more Santa and a blow up dolls.
Yes, sir.
I like to talk a little bit about the 2000 elections.
I want to know.
You want to know?
Yeah.
I want to know who are these people?
Who are believing in anything that George W. Bush is saying?
Well, I'm going to ask you.
There are too many of them, sir, because he's elusinous ants.
But he's got something.
Uh-huh.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Out of townline, 8777856345.
Retardo.
El Retardo.
That was the one call we had left on the board, too, by the way.
That was the one that hung on.
El Retardo.
Did it get on the air?
No.
Oh, no.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Me, oh.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Okay.
You know, you are so funny.
I just wanted to call and save it.
Not all of us are morons.
We love to listen to you.
You're funny.
You get a home.
Yeah.
Fabulous.
And where's the response?
Where are the people?
Where are the calls?
Where's something?
Where's the, uh, you know, where's the beef?
Well, they're probably a little bit shootin'.
Intimidated.
But, um, can I have a real quick shame with your call?
They're intimidated by what?
Well, because I think they're afraid that if they sound like a moron, you're gonna bust them.
Well, well, well, listen, if they're listening to the show, I mean, they have a lot of company.
So what difference is they make talking about morons?
Listen, could you play Joyce's son, Elders, with the Toaster?
Is that correct me, I'm kidding.
Okay.
Thank you.
You got it.
Like, hi.
This is Joyce from Elders, and I'm mad.
Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that forced Bill Clinton to fire me.
Just hold her the hell they think they are.
All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers.
Maybe a Jesse Holmes that bust the check for a new gang rich had but as a corner little more,
there wouldn't be so uptight.
Slug in the door never hurt anybody.
And if people did a little more of it, we might save some lives.
Hell, if Clinton just stayed home and spanked a monkey, he'd even be in less hot water.
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal.
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
seed dick run.
When you see a dick run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of crowdscrickets.
Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in.
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in Hair Harbor.
Now, if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the pipe down, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco,
we'd all be better off.
And that's all I have to say.
Now, I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail oyster and buzz the brillow.
All right, loving before 1 at 5.60 W. Kim, we got Hank and Chulis today at 2 o'clock.
Luke Shabby at 6 to 6.30 briefly.
And then we got Panthers pregame at 6.30 big, big, gigantic end of life.
Panthers at the Washington Crapidals 7 o'clock tonight.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
The toll free line is 8.777.75, 60, 3.45.
How come nobody is called and knows about this St. Joe Hospital Medical Center diet?
That was fast to me and that very nice.
I thought, of course, she wanted, which we're glad to send her a copy of it,
but they're much more likely to call when they want, as opposed to give it some information.
That might be useful to everybody else.
Here's Pember of Pine.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
I think I got it before he'd be wanting to know what would he be talking about before he'd be wanting to get a life.
Yeah, he wanted to get a life.
Yeah, but I just want to tell you that, you know, I've got it many times yesterday on the website.
Did you get the pollers over the back yet?
What do you mean you voted many times?
Well, on the, on your poll, did you get the results back yet?
Yeah.
Did you get the results?
How many times did you vote?
Twice.
Oh, well, I wanted to, but I didn't want to skew it too much, you know, that would be.
But what was the result yesterday?
299, no, and 41, yes.
I think those people that said 48, yes, I think they should go out and be lynched because...
Yeah, but I think you have people voted 10 times.
And I wouldn't be surprised.
I think John Henry voted the other 38 times.
Could be.
But I know you don't like taking requests too much, but I got one shameless one.
You played the, we went on a trip and we heard the anesthesia guy.
Could you play him?
Anesthesia guy.
You remember him?
The guy, it was off your nugget CD.
Anesthesia guy?
Yeah, the guy about the Elvis stand.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, I will count it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is there anything in there that we have to bleed bounce?
Oh, okay.
Hey, I think the anesthesia guy is perfect for today, for this audience.
We have 600 open lines right in the moment, no waiting.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How are you doing, Nailist Pete?
Okay.
Can you do me a favor?
I'm a young guy on 22.
I voted once, but I don't really know who to vote for.
And I've been listening to you.
You seem pretty knowledgeable.
Can you just tell me a little bit about the top candidate?
So maybe I can figure out who I should vote for?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 on the red a newspaper.
Okay, watch the debates to do some homework.
Okay.
Come on, Pete.
Get with it.
Stop acting like some kind of a quiddling.
You sound like a decent guy to me.
Do a little bit of homework.
Work on it.
And the information too.
And what's a good place that we can go?
You know, where's a good restaurant?
And we go to that Chinese place.
How do you really attack that buffet?
How?
What kind of a game plan?
You had that old Tom Landry game plan that he left it his bed.
So I just before he hit the big bullet, took that dirt nap.
Went with that big playing field in the sky.
You got that?
No.
Oh.
Come on, Pete.
Start watching those goddamn debates.
Start doing some reading.
Start getting with it.
Get up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I have a couple quick questions for you about George W. Bush.
All the money that he's raised, the $80 million plus.
Yeah, almost all but 14 million, which has been spent by the way.
Where does it go?
Do you have any idea?
Does it go, goes to all the advertising and all the campaign workers, but mostly for advertising, TV and radio.
But doesn't it get the keep any of that stuff after the campaign?
Well, I mean, what's the few million out of the table?
I don't know.
I think they're asked very smith, they'll tell you.
And finally, also, a jigsmith Donald on the hockey plan.
I'm not sure if you're positive about him or not, but he's a nice guy.
I think he's very good.
And what he does for Randy Mueller during the broadcast is amazing because Randy used to sound like with Wiffers and Chris Moron.
He used to sound like a Moron and he used to always be cut off and he was always hanging around and you would be stepping on him and it would sound very, very,
very, uh, bush-a-league.
Yeah, yeah.
He's like a bush-a-league.
Now, he sounds, he's very credible.
He's right on top of things and the insight that he offers in it during the course of the game.
Well, Randy's a good guy.
If he stopped trying to be Mike Lang Jr. and stopped trying to be an amateur comedian, if Randy were just to play it straight, so to speak,
and stopped trying to be a buffoon, he'd be a hell of a lot better.
He's a good guy, just like Jigs is a good guy, but that's the way it is.
Well, I think that's a compliment.
My first open-year listened to the games and from beginning to end with those two, but I think the compliment one another very well.
Well, I think that he'll give you a picture of what they want.
You're going to not find in the hallway they compliment each other.
I heard Jigs saying something about Randy's new hairdo, so.
Have a great day, pal.
I'm not that good at supposing, yeah.
I'm closing very quickly.
The thing you said about the bitch yesterday, and the other bitch from the American F and White bitch.
So many bitches and so little time.
Not believable. You've got your head right on the money.
Okay.
And in closing, you're shameless request.
Yes.
Andolins.
Remember for my good articulate black friend, Andolins.
Remember that one about the deer that you guys called 911, you got kicked out of him?
No.
By a deer?
No.
Okay, have a great day.
What?
Do we have the interpreter here today?
No.
We have a lot better sure if I understand what the other people were talking about or maybe not.
Maybe it doesn't really make any difference.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
8777856345 on the world famous line.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, I just could tell you how great you are.
And sorry to world much more.
I listen to you every day.
And I don't have any material either, but I find it.
Let's you know, don't give up.
You sound good.
I listen to you all the time.
And the Bates of the Night is that not a trocar?
What?
About the what?
It's a Bates of the 14 TV.
Instead of talking about things that the American people want to hear, they are putting each other
down because it totally is ridiculous.
Who is the most bigoted?
Who hates the Catholics?
The most who hates the board again?
And that's who's here?
What?
That's something 20 years ago.
What do you expect?
Yeah.
I think you sound great.
Okay, have a great day, sweetheart.
Okay, take care.
Bye-bye.
She said I sound great, right?
So she said I sound great, God, damn it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line world famous line.
Can we add a call from four Myers today?
No.
Naples no or Charlotte no or St. Lucie.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Yeah, I didn't.
5 6 6 5 6 6 3 IF 
by David. Well, anyway, about five years ago, I was invited by the late Bill Colder to
come to the station and I spent about 45 minutes on the air with him. I had just written
the book on this history of dentistry and he was very interested and we got a lot of
interesting calls. But why I'm calling now is that there's been all this talk about
an Elvis Presley stamp and whether people should vote, whether they're a young Elvis
or an old Elvis and someone. Yeah. Now one of the biggest things that has ever happened
in history and mankind, you know, it would be the perfect Elvis record for the stamp.
I don't know. Stuck on you would be pretty interesting wouldn't it? That's a good thing.
I could be the music behind the stamp. But anyway, okay, now what I'm getting at is one
of the greatest things that ever happened in history and mankind. It's twice the common
movement. Yeah. Happened 150 years ago, two years now in 1844 and that was the discovery
of Anastasia. Anastasia? Anastasia. I remember that by Pat Bull and on dot records by 1957.
No, I'm really serious. I don't want to be serious. There's a real point of this. What is it?
The audience is falling off like they're on Anastasia. No, because there's no other point.
The point is that what has been campaigning to try and get a postage stamp to the discover
of Anastasia and the post office committee that handles this says that it's not upgrading
a significance, but apparently Elvis is more important than a man who's been.
Damn right. Okay, so how many hits did they have?
What? There's no justice. It was ever given the mankind that's more significant because
with Anastasia you can do every type of surgery that's done today. Yeah. Now, well, maybe we could have
one with a scalpel on it and then we could have some stamps like with little body parts on it.
Oh, I think that the other one was like a thing of ether on one stamp and had like a gas mask on
the other one. Well, it's the discovery. Just a stamp, sir. Why don't you lighten up a little bit?
Who gives a crap? What's on a stamp? Well, next time that you need to have Anastasia, if you need to go to a hop.
No, I got news for if I need to have Anastasia whether I have a stamp or not, I'm still going to get it.
Of course, the bunch of things are significant enough. I mean, I appreciate my mother too, but her
face ain't on a stamp. You're really, it's really very difficult talking to you. Well, of course it is.
That's the idea. Well, I'm sorry. That's why I'm in, huh?
I'm sorry, Bill Colder is dead. I could talk to him, but it's too bad. Well, what does that mean?
No, I mean, it's a problem. Bill Colder was one of my best friends. What does any of your sorry he's
dead because you could talk to him? What if he didn't talk to him? If you haven't like a different
opinion, then it would be okay, right? Point is I'm trying to generate some interest. Well, nobody
cares. Don't you understand? Bill Colder didn't give a crap about Anastasia. Well, he called me and
had me speak on his radio. Yeah, and he told me that it was the sorryest thing he ever did. He went
to the day he died. He regretted it. On his deathbed, he told me I only wish that I wouldn't have done
that one show. I can imagine that. I've been on the today show. Oh, God, one of those numbers are
dropping like a rock. Okay, I'll get off your line. I won't bother you anymore. Well, listen,
have a great life. Don't be so uptight about it. Man, he needs some serious Anastasia right now.
Okay, it's a 104, 560 WQ. I'm happy Wednesday to him. We're in a coma here today in case
you didn't look around. Not the Anastasia. We're just in a coma. It's the atmosphere. It's the
0560 on the AT&T wireless line. So nobody's going to call us about the St. Joe Hospital medical
diet. I'm going to stick it over here in the back with a whole bunch of other stuff. It's
sitting back there waiting for some day that we're going to write mood to talk about it.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Great.
Is it okay if I talk about some hockey? Anything you want here. This is America, man. This is
your moment in the sunshine. Let's let's do it. Okay. Although after we see those poll results,
today there's going to be the last day we mentioned the H word on the year because I have a feeling
it's going to be devastating. But anyway, what you think in today's paper about what happened to
McSorney there? I mean, what's wrong with it, guys? What's wrong with him is that he's nothing. He
was irresponsible. I'm so sick and tired of them showing him on their apologizing. I know it's
just not his way and he didn't mean it. Well, you know, something he did it. You know, it was
a tight bundle. He could say the same thing. I didn't mean to do it. He should have thought about
that before he did it. Right. But he's got a goal, man. He has to go. Bye, bye, Marty. You won't
hack you. Bye, bye. I'm from Buffalo. So of course, I'm a saber fan. Yeah. What do you think with
this hashtag? I mean, do you think they might, I mean, they get some score. I think that they're
going to be dangerous. I hate to say it, but they look to me like they're going to be dangerous.
That game they played against Jersey the other night. And even though they just barely squeaked by
three, two of four for really bad officiating, they would have buried their ass in that game. They
played a hell of a game and now that he's back, even though Beron played great and had five shutouts
and that kid's going to be a great goalie. But the hashtag, they played tougher for him. You know
how that is? Some when he's in there, they play a lot harder for him and he's they're going to be tough.
Even without without a lot of scoring, I'm going to tell you the most underrated player in the
national hockey league right now. Okay. I'm going to tell you the most underrated player is Miro Chutan.
Yeah, he is. God is he good. He's good. I mean, he doesn't go to camp and he's still like the
like he does. And that kid is a player, man. I'll tell you that right now. At the sabers don't want to
pay him. I mean, every year, it seems like he it's the last day because they don't want to pay him.
Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with him. I don't understand though. They're losing
interest there in Buffalo. It's a small market. I mean, you know, how can they compete it to
Miracle? They went all the way to the finals last year and it looks like they're going to be
tough again this year. They do it with mirrors, I guess, but you know, they just can't afford
the payroll plus to play in Hashtag an arm and leg. So, you know, there's not a lot left over there.
And I can only say so much for a panthers with burry now. I mean, that guy's unbelievable.
He's going to have a great day, pal. Thank you. And go leave school.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The other town line. Is that line nine working
hour? What what's the story with that line? Sounds like it's working to me. What a bunch of dead heads
we got in this town, man. I think mix Lewis had a point. Oh, yes, me. I think he had a pointer
two or three. Let's do the goddamn show from Beverly Hills. Let's do it in the middle of China town
out there. Let's do it somewhere. Let's do it in Disney World. Disney Land somewhere. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Out of town line is waiting 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 on a desperate Wednesday.
I mean desperate. Here's a lady mobile in Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I just
want to thank you very much for talking about fantasy hockey. I got into hockey about a year ago. Yeah.
And I learned a lot from you. And I'm a female and every day in the way to work. I'm going to work now.
You make me laugh. I just want to thank you. Okay. Thank you, sweetheart. Bye bye, dear. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye, everybody. Bye bye.
I see Boca Brian's in a building now. Maybe we've got some interesting crap we're going to play.
But just let's play his crap. Okay. Get out of here today. These people that are killing me. They're brutal.
Even at Ted David today, you hear what he said about Alan Greenspan in a box, something like that?
Not that I would paraphrase. Uh-huh. What I?
Something about to put in that old big nose, whatever was he said 8 minutes after 1 at 560 WQM.
The sports leader. We have to leave. Sports radio 560 Q AF. Can beat that Gator me.
Hi.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yes.
Do.
Good dad.
Are there thoughts.
Back in the kitchen for me.
Now you know why I went to the after what that must be to be
You're crazy to me, it's the crazy you crazy to me
After all of my hit records, all that my dad ever said was
So they expect you find a job when you get back from being a love
And if I get, give them at home
A big foul, using at home
Yes, it's all right
You can find pieces of stuff that got stuck on the straw
I can't get the kitchen to a day for long
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
But in all seriousness, I would say that we'd have to focus on my kids
Come on, young, if your thoughts that I'll little retard
I'm a fine, as you never walk along
But my boy, he's insane, are you dad?
He's insane, he's dead
Can't tell, present over 748 of the greatest songs of love
Especially for the lady in your life, I'm jelly-loose
Lady, when I hit you, I'm jelly-loose
Nobody loves songs for your lady, all attributed by the love-mizer himself
And a typical foot-pastar entertainer, Jerry Lewis
And to get your favorite ladies of songs
Lady, lady, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies
It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs for your lady, all digitally remastered, and all performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis
I just guarantee you, by here to join me on K-Sale Records
And we pay a very special musical tribute to the lady
You'll get this arrow-smith classic
And you look like a lady
And you look like a lady, Jerry
And you look like a lady, Jerry
And you look like a lady, Jerry
And you look like a lady, Jerry
And you look like a lady, Jerry
And you look like a lady, Jerry
But, Jerry's amazing interpretation of this super-hit from the KINGFONPR
And you are the lady, my wife today
Get Lady, Jesse
Who are the lady today?
Jerry Lewis
How about that man?
At 748 Iyailele, am 35 ddr 143 ATRAC tapes
All-repe Af Evet Buoyus
from the original cassette master and as a collection you'll share with your friend
the love and your lady will never forget. It's all yours for 7PBC payments of only 32.95
and it's all from KTAC Bracket. You can tell it's KTAC, we go!
116.560 WQM. So what did he say that women are basically just a receptacle for his
testicle? Uh-huh, then like that? And you notice there was no big fear about it because nobody
cares about Jerry Lewis anymore. Thank God. That's one good piece of news. Nobody cares
Jerry. 566.560.050560. In fact I think most people are waiting for him to
croak for him. Feseema would be good. Here's a mobile and Tamarack. Hello. Hello. Yes
sir. Yeah, yeah. Nail I just wanted to tell you I happen to be one of a few
Christians probably. Now listen to your show that absolutely applaud your
attack on the church. I really appreciate it. Good for me. I cannot find air in your
observation. There's nothing worse than entitlement assholes, entitlement obnoxious assholes
that want to dictate to everybody else how they should live. Absolutely. And I really
appreciate if you keep your going because of this. Okay, thanks. And I guess the
God just did a pretty good on his phone line. He works the mysterious ways. God got on
his cell phone line and like that to him. How do you like that, sir? I'll see you down
below. Okay, pal. I have a burning desire to see you soon. 567.059.
560.560 on the AT&T line. Don't forget our very important poll today. Maybe
Erickle Facts is over. Let us know how that poll is going so far. Huh? Are you a hockey
fan? Yes or no? Very simple. Very easy. And the idea that there are people in this
town talking about Marty McSorley and Donald Brashear on the year is so laughable to
me when these people don't even know who God damn Ray Whitney is. They wouldn't know
Oleg Cavassia from Oleg Cassini and all of us and their experts on Marty McSorhead.
Yeah, right. Likely story. Well, we saw it on ESPN. It was disgusting. Yeah, okay.
Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh. Hey, Neil, I used to play
youth hockey many years ago, probably about 18, 20 years ago. Yeah. And I went up to
Port Hope, Ontario, Paragenealton's hockey school. And I thought you get a laugh out of
this. One of the guest players to teach us kids was Colin Campbell. Colin Campbell.
He got in a fight on the ice with one of the other players. Yeah. It was a
get somebody from I think was Minnesota Norstead at that time. Yeah. And now Colin
Campbell is enforcing the, I believe what the penalties in the NHL right now. What
is that mean? Because he wants to get in about fighting a hockey game. What does
that mean? Well, not in the hockey school with a hockey school. He got into a fight.
Yeah. I heard he got into a fight with great bet man in the elevator in New York. Really?
That's what I heard. That's what you said. That's the nasty guy. Remember, he just broke
out. They say, well, then he should be an expert on that's good. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound
5 60 on the 18 T line. I think this is the last edition of the New
Riders Show for a couple of months. I think I'm taking some time off waiting until
this audience decides they want to make a comeback. This is it's getting to be
too ponderous for me, man. Too ponderous. Vegging and squeezing and pushing and
pleading. Found it just a Mitch Lewis was right on target, man. Bro. He had his thumb on it.
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. First time call. I
think you do a great job in. I wanted to talk about that three day diet. Yeah.
I broke my spine in 1978. They put me on that diet in the hospital. And I lost quite a
bit of weight. But I just put myself back on it now because I have to do maintenance on my
weight. And I lost a few pounds. I don't know. Just not not the same. I guess it
only helps if you're in the hospital. Yeah. When you're in the hospital, you'll lose
weight like crazy with or without any special diet with the food that they give you.
You'll lose weight like you're on a care and carpenter diet. Yeah. I was
in the hospital with interaction for almost 12 months. Yeah. That'll do it. And I lost
a little over 70 pounds. You know, but I can't go back in 10 years. Yeah, there you
go. Okay. Okay. Hang in there. Anybody know what he just said? No. He said, don't
go to the hospital because it'll make you sick. 5 6 705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. 8. Look at that. Here's a call from four Myers. I can't believe it.
Hello. You got. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. By the way, the vote is 34. Yes, 17.
No. For the hockey question. 34 hockey fans in 17 or not. That's that surprises me.
I thought it'd be like a hundred no and two. Yes. Well, the 32 don't know what they're
talking about. But I'm not we're not asking are they knowledgeable hockey fans
because if that were the case, it would be pretty weak. Pretty weak. Yeah. I was just
wondering like I heard it was maybe a little over a week ago. I was listening to
Bob and Tom. Yeah. And they were talking about a story about that football guy,
the high school football player in Texas. Did you hear anything about that? No. The
school board in Texas, the guy was like a D student. What they did is after he,
they went back a semester after he graduated and did away with the letter grade D
so he could get a scholarship to a school. Yeah. I mean, I just think that's amazing
that you do. They went back. But this was in Texas. Yeah. Well, don't you
understand this is football you're talking about. Man, it's more important than
anything else in Texas. Just ask your W. He'll tell you. Yeah. I just thought that
was amazing. I didn't know if you heard about it or not. Well, sure gives me hope for
the future man. Exactly. Of the rest of the world. Have a great day pal. I'll
read it. Arch. He five six seven eight five, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18th
Wallace line. One hard boiled egg, one slice of toast and a half a banana for breakfast.
See, I'm with me a half a banana just doesn't cut it, you know. You know what I'm saying,
Miguel. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good
morning. I've been good afternoon. Good afternoon. First one, what do you think about the
little injection of the new technology proficiency? I say it's great. I say when it
doubts stick it to him, baby, just line him up. All right. Line him up.
Prather ask. Give him the juice. If I bring your day back, let's give him the juice.
Second, the shameless request is very driving a 95. Can you please a 95? You know something
it's been a corn stage since I played that thing, you know what? Yeah, but I know it.
Okay. Thank you. You got it, man. We haven't played this before. Jesus was a
fetus, you know. You think Jesus was ever a fetus? No. Maybe you think he was born
whole. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
madams wagle $6 million dollars for mumboaborges they isn't the i my
.
.
tonight. We're in Apple.
Yesterday. We're in Apple tonight.
I've got a feeling.
We're in Apple the rest of your life.
Cheers.
I.
I was talking to your mother
Just the other night
In Crabley
I told her I thought you were an asshole
She said, yeah, I think you're right
And all your friends are an asshole
Because you know that you're whole life
If somebody told me you've got an asshole for all life
Are you sure?
We're evil, are an asshole
Or did you work it into your whole life?
Either way, it worked out fine
Because you're an asshole
Well, congratulations, get a life
Pulse a nice
Alright, excellent boy, I'm sure it was good to hear that again
Wasn't it? I think another two or three years
Might actually play it again, someday
Anyway, here's the final results from yesterday's poll
But we had a lot of votes, 409 votes
Would you approve of spending tax dollars for a new baseball stadium in South Florida?
I want you to listen to these results very carefully, B-Fo
Because I know your list and more than noon and night
Even between those 85 different bogus TV shows that you're doing, B-Fo
Before you get into bed with John Henry, the results are
I must be crazy, I must be nuts
Yes
43 votes, that's 10.5%
No
366 votes, that's 89.4%
No
Absolutely, positively
No
Way Jose
How do you like that?
Talk about overwhelming, talk about
I must be crazy, I must be nuts
Exactly
126 is 560 WQA and the out of town line is open 877-785
Niel 785-6342
Wake up with the first key, Joe Rowe, Jeff DeFarris, and Steve Goldstein
No
We need more in the six
Only on fourth radio, 560 QAM
I have my nose up Niel's ass
Good morning
Grave's eyes
I'm six feet below
Like the skirt of football
And the skirt of football
Yes
Good morning
Grave's eyes
I'm no longer alive
Or the time be
I'll be taking a third nap in a bar
Go ahead and shoot me
This song's a piece of shooting
I'm no longer slow
Shit
My other hip was only from the crime of the teen's road
I feel no one knows
If you keep taking a gotta shoot
In the father's eyes
You're gonna need your feet
Good morning
Grave's eyes
It's best when you die
My eyes are open wide
But I can't see the sky
Good morning
Grave's eyes
Break a leg of police
That I no longer have to be
This dance is boring
Think it's all
This was a gift for me
And the song may keep me
Don't play me
I sometimes like me in a job
Yes, it was me
Who said, Gene and Simon saw
Oh, he wants to hear him no more
Poor Oliver, he's dead, how do you like that?
Huh?
132 at 560 WDQM
Do you think anybody understands who's
Do you think they ever saw Oliver and Martin McSorley together maybe?
Uh-huh
Same person
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T line
Here's Miami, hello
Let me say it again, here's Miami, hello
Yeah, I can hear you
Yes, sir
Yeah, he's going down here in 85 and I'm moved
I was wondering what happened to all radio stations out here
Meaning what?
They're all bean-headed music
What happened?
Yeah, because there's like two companies on every radio station
That's what happened
What happened to WGBS?
When did it go off?
WGBS, about 1852
Just before the Civil War, a few years
I turned it on, I can't even understand it
What happened?
Yeah, radio, my people
Don't you know where you are, sir?
Yeah, I know, man
And a foreign country, did you bring it to your passport?
Right, and I don't blame you
What happened to, uh, yeah, what did you change your show for?
What does that mean?
Before you used to do interviews
Yeah, I used to do boring, I used to do boring crap
What was boring?
Boring terminal crap
What was so boring about it?
Garbage, it was terminal, it was puking-ducing
It was radio for dead people
Yeah, but at least it was a real station
And you had dead people
No, it was not a real station
It was station for dead people
Our immediate demographic was death plus ten
You're talking about WS News?
You're talking about WS News?
Yeah, WS News, right in peace
We have a tombstone for them
Hey, listen, Abe Lickins got a bad headache pal
Okay?
Take two and call us in the morning
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line
Here's Homestead, hello
Homestead
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
How you doing?
Okay
I tried out that diet
That you've been reading about
Yeah
And it works
I lost about 15 pounds in the low-fat high-fibre diet
Now, now, the one that you were talking about
You didn't like beats or something
Oh, yeah, that one works
Yes, it did
You lost how much?
I lost 15 pounds in three weeks
That's not bad
And, yeah, if you don't cheat the next four days
Yeah
You'll do good on it
But, you know, the potential losing ten pounds a week
You know, it's there
Sounds pretty exciting
Yeah
I'm gonna go to the store this afternoon
and stock up on beats and saltines in the hard-boiled eggs
It's not bad, really
You start for three days
But, yeah
The next four days, you know
Yeah, at least if you get the results
If you can get the results
Oh, it's results
Believe me, the first
At least the first four days
You'll drop at least five to eight pounds
guaranteed
Okay
Yeah
I'm on it
Alrighty, thanks
There you go, there's the voice of experience
He lost it
16,000 open lines here
With 25 minutes to go, boy
It's gonna be real, real test of this audience
Let's see if we can get up to two o'clock in a hang-goal bird show
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
On the AT&T wireless line
Yeah, but you don't understand
Everybody's talking about Barney McSorhead
No, we're not
They haven't got any idea who that is
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Yeah, good
Yes, sir
It was good to hear your poll that people were totally against
putting up the money for the stadium today
They are vehemently opposed
They are psychotically
I must be crazy, I must be nuts
Overwhelmingly opposed
There isn't a chance in hell that's the real stadium
No, I just wanted to call and agree
I didn't get a chance to participate in the poll
Henry's putting out a baseball business today
Henry's putting out an inferior product
He wants people to support it
He's not putting out a good product
Right, he's putting out a crap product
That product, so why the hell should we sit around with you?
In addition to which he lied to us to eat
He bought the team and he came on like the big hero
And hey, I'm not weighing him, I'm not a prick like that
And if you don't build me a stadium, I'll build my own
And then that business about build his own
And the story kept changing and changing and changing
And oh, it'll only be 25,000 seats
And we could be competitive and who wants that
And now he's not even talking that crap anymore
Now it's well, not if we're going to build it
But where are we going to build it?
And who's the tax money we're going to steal?
This guy's got some hoots for him, man
I'll tell you
Of course, all these guys at Ownball Clubs
Why don't wean as the greedy bastard
To want to put as much money in their pocket as they can
They don't give a rat's ass about putting a quality product on the field
Then they turn to the fans
And then try to question fans' loyalty
Yeah, well, you're going to see there, there is
Nobody is going to build anybody anymore
Or renaurs their stadiums in this town ever again
They can park that down
They can take all their teams and get the hell out for a life day
Exactly, they can take it all over again
Alright, thanks, Bill
And have a great day
Yeah, but Defoe, Lifeson Henry is a good guy
Yeah, he's right on your level, B-Foe, okay?
A Puts
Look, a Puts in the dictionary, you'll see B-Foe and the John Henry
They're together
Even Geldie was in here saying that this morning said, well, what happened to B-Foe is become a real Puts
Here's a mobile-in-fort lottery deal, hello
Hey, Neil, it's pretty sick when Geldie is great at hired in B-Foe
Yeah, what is that?
Getting back to another thing, that guy that called before about the stamps
I got a better person to put on a stamp
Al Goldstein, but as long as it's a crack and peel, not a licking stamp
Yeah, I hate the Irish
Okay, I'll come down
560-560, 05-60 on the AT&T line, here's a call from Long Island, hello
Long Island
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
The McSorley thing the other night, I've been a range of season's ticket hold to 30 years now
And you reminded me if you remember Ted Green, an exhibition game
Yeah, they showed him on his last night talking about that, and he says he's still suffering from the effects of life
That's what made me think of, was horrible
Yeah
I've been a range of season's ticket hold to many years
Yeah, I just haven't seen anything like that
And it's a total sham on the league
It's unacceptable, it's no different than walking up with a baseball bat from somebody from behind and trying to kill him with a blow to the head
He could have killed him
Right, and better Campbell
And I'm going to tell you if Yuri Bettman and the league had any balls, if these people had any guts at all
They'd kick his ass out of the game, they would be there to martyrs school, would they see him anymore
But Campbell was the worst coach we ever had now, he's giving discipline out
Yeah, that I don't see
Well, maybe he's in the SNM
We're horrible, they can't deal
They can't deal with that, you'll need it, your team blows
22 before 2 at 5, 60 WQA
You're looking for glory hold
Well I've never thought I'd find it because I know right that I've been with around these two days
I've been a classic hitter wheel, six notes away, your brother would try to kill you
Now we've been keen to shine and get the drizzest gold, then it dies to the mercy, I've got some kind of liquid cherry yoke
Oh, baby
We've been uncredited to carry your feet, baby boots
Oh, baby
Shine a needle, fill the needle, smash it in, see if the Swiss is dead, shit
Now it's the one bounce down the road, then the pit's dead, it's super powe
Now we've been off and stopped the big deal, something I'll get around the pits of the craze
I'm 1979, I own both cattle and I know, she's showed up inside now, he's my baby cattle that's tall babies
Oh, baby, we've been uncredited to carry your feet, baby boots, tall babies
Shine a needle, fill the needle, smash it in, yoke
I've got my windows down, on the hot summer day, because the hazy don't work no way
The sweaty crush with our seats starts to smell, and gets the tossing work at the worst time
On my back, we do find the shiny granite smell like lime, and my carpet china too, because I've been washing it with all the road
So all the babies, open the cover by the jury, carry your feet, baby boots, tall babies
Michael Schaffek, things pulling over to me, bucks, ain't no, tall babies
Freshman now interior, you'll be fancy to be, baby boots, tall babies
Okay, 145 is 560 WQM, today's pool, are you a hockey fan? Pretty straightforward simple question, right?
Yes or no, it's as easy as that, so far 69 votes, one interesting number, huh?
69 votes, 47 voting, and 22, how do you like that? So two turds, you turd
So far say they're hockey fans, you're a judge, how do you like that? So rumors do in the next vacation week?
Now rumors, he can't do a case of an issue, he's going to be doing the morning show permanent, that's the rumor I'm most starting
I don't want to make default paranoid again, but a lot of us are pushing real hard to get Bimmeron at morning show
5670560, pound 560, that's only temporary till Bob and Tom
Here's the sunrise, hello
Okay, nice talking to you too, asshole, here's the mobile and Jupiter, hello
Yes sir, hi Neil, I got an analogy for South Florida, it's almost like the plague, it just keeps getting bigger, and the assholes are getting bigger, and there's more of them, and it's expanding, and it's moving north, and I don't think we're ever going to get away from it, you can get away from it
Yeah, eventually, yeah
And then you're crushing on me and say, well how do you feel like that, and they can't even answer you, yesterday with the guy with the people working without the licenses, they're given the blacks
Right, I asked him to give you the money
Yeah right
Exactly, exactly, and also what people call you, and where do you go to answer them, and what do you stay, what hand do you eat with, and how do you attack the buffet?
Yeah, and you wipe your ass with, and you blow your nose, you blow this, I mean talk about lifeless, but then again you got to understand where they live, and it begins to all fit in
They're like a bunch of lemons, you know, and you know, why don't they go out and experience it for themselves, make a chance, and do a visit
Then they want to be sitting around watching who wants to marry a multi-pigionaire, and whether she's going to be on 2020 or inside or outside addition, who gives a flying crap about those boring people
Oh, exactly, you know, everybody likes to do different things, you know, I'm going to the keys next week in the do-fishing, that's what I like to do, I'm going to go there, I'm going to have a good time, and you know, some people like it, some people don't hate it
Some people like going to other places and doing anybody they can, I mean whatever, you know
Exactly, you know, the more the marry you need
Right, okay, I have a great place here, God bless you
I'll pray for us, Palcus, in this town, God only knows as we need it
By the road, too, God
Right, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60, here's North Miami, hello
North Miami
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Yes sir, or this phone is just the best
It's terrible, it's absolutely awful
Just the worst, I can't understand
And they put a brand new in here where you do not have as many problems with the lines as you will used to
But this particular phone, you press the button and you can wait like a half a minute before the other person can hear you on this thing
Is that brand new?
I'm going Greg, you jackass
Is that brand new second-hander?
Yeah, brand new from a pawn shop right up on 441
Second-hand road
You've heard in some liquor's guns in the phone systems, yeah
And what are your thoughts on the camera?
What are my thoughts?
It's a colored guy
On who?
Jack Ramsey
I know you don't want basketball
He's an old guy, I'll say that
Well, it's not that about that
And I really couldn't tell you, I mean you don't really listen
The only thing I can tell you is that Eric Reed was, well, one year, no seriously
One year he was really good when he stopped talking to his teeth
And I made mention of it on the ear and as soon as I mentioned it, he started doing it again and I just, I can't stand that
I can't stand affected guys who talked to you as 7-0-shammon, you know, that kind of crap, it makes me sick
And I do like hockey, it's just, I'm priced out
I don't blame you
You know?
Okay, but I can do
Say hi to old Dr. Jack
Take care
Celebrating his 100-naked birthday
Up here for Dr. Jack Ramsey, okay?
Yeah!
Never stole a freight train
He ain't no Dave Halberstam, by the way
There's a good guy for you
My good close buddy Dave Halberstam
Did Michael Maywever apologize to him, by the way?
No
And let me tell you, B-Fo, I thought it was bad yesterday
I suck it up to John Henry
But suck it up to Greg Cotext today, man
I can't believe what I'm hearing these last couple of days
What's the story?
He must be looking to make a loan to hit on somebody for some cash
He must have had some really bad days that detract more so than usual
Because boy, suck it up to Greg Cotext this morning
What a suck up job that was!
Yeah, even a little dog was saying it
The little dog who's quoted every other day in Josie Lamby's comment
I want to testify by the parliaments
We got that record, Volkabrain
I want to testify by the parliaments
What are my favorite all-time records?
Yeah, let's dig that out for the little dog
He wants to be testifying in there
This bitch did this, and this bitch wasn't so great
But this one told him this, and yada yada yada
And C-Fo was just, he was just looking around
Yeah, just like a shopper and a guy named Departmentster
No thanks, I'm just looking
Right
Here's Miami
Hello
How you doing?
Okay, when that was good, that was like right away, how that happened
I have no idea
I heard you and you heard me, it was like a miracle, like a real phone call
Well, it's a big beep, man, but anyway, have you gotten together with Paul from Cameroon yet?
We're working on it, this weekend I think
How would be surprised if Paul shows up at Central Indian this weekend?
I want to talk about, remember to Miami news
Yes, you can track, I bet when that paper closed down
The decline of the quality of life in D County, I think when with it
That was the stepping stone, right when that paper ended
Yeah
And then you look back 15 years from there
That's a good point
Every year, I mean the heralds were worst, I mean I hear you
But when I do read the heralds, which I do probably every morning
Because you don't have a choice
Right
Can D County do anything without a scandal or screw in something out?
No
I mean, planning trees, I mean, today was the sewer
They couldn't put the sewers in their $3 million lost money
They lost all those trees
They build an airport tower at the airport, they can't see out of it
Does this happen in every other town?
I mean, I, you know
I will say this much when you get on a plane any other airport
You can be fairly certain that there not going to be any hand grenades in the overhead compartment
At least Miami is unique in that respect, you know
Yeah, but I tell you what, you're absolutely right about this town growing up here on my life and watching it change
I don't know why people would come down here
And I can't imagine being part of any ethnic group or any group of people would say
Oh, we made Miami what it is today
In fact, I'd run if anybody said that, don't blame me, I'd none to do with them
That's big volumes right there
Yeah, have a good day
And back to you sir
I'll see you in a little, whatever it is
We got little Havana, we got little Egypt, little lemon city, that's my favorite, lemon city
You know what lemon city is?
It's right where we used to work right there
We got North Bay Village and on the other side when you cross Biscayne in 79th there
That's the lemon city there for people off doing it
Yeah
Yeah
Where the INS building is there, 79th in Biscayne
And the old Pussycat which is now Club Madonna Schwarzer, right of all whatever that thing is
And it used to be the 8000 Club, it used to be the Danish print-tamlet restaurant
And juniors
Oh my god, it used to be so many great places
You're walking the door and they'd say
Grab my junior, honey
And juniors, that was what a great deli, that was
That used to be amazing isn't it?
What a fancy, fancy place that used to be part of town, 79th in Biscayne
And then all the Schwarzers moving, oh I'm sorry
Just like in Detroit
So all the neighborhoods in Palmer Park and Palmer Woods, I talked about this on the air before many many a time
Uh huh
Yeah, changing hoods
In fact, John Rocker is going to write his autobiography, it's called Changing My Hood
Or washing my hood or something like that
But boy, why is it when the Schwarzers move in, everything turns into a toilet, huh?
Not that we're racist or prejudice, we just would like to live, you know, in a nice safe need to clean place
Where people are coming, just ask Sonny from the market, how's he doing? See him lately?
No, no
So we have that cart
Where's the cart, wait a minute
Like I said, I'll find it tomorrow, I can't find it
Poor Sonny from the market
What a great area that used to be, and what was the restaurant up there by IOD?
The one that they were rebuilding and rebuilding and the one that used to have like a party to perform?
Yeah, there's Larry's for a while, Larry's or something
No, no, I'm not talking about that, I'm talking about the state, was it the place for steak?
Was that the name of that joint?
One of them, yeah
Joey Carr's place
Joey Carr, that was Joey Carr's place?
Here's the advertiser
Oh, he used to advertise it, oh yeah dining and dancing, yeah, oh Joey Carr
You know something, the mining news and since we saw the last Joey Carr spot
Since then, my name is God right in the traffic, okay?
If we could just bring back Joey Carr
and his brother Moishi Shapiro, whatever his name was
And how come the one guy's name is Carr and his brother's name is Shapiro, huh?
Ever wondered about that?
Oh
154 at 560 WQM
Only one South Florida radio station has the house
You're listening to it
Hey Goldberg, weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAM
You got an dental floss?
Hello, I'm Linda Trip
Recently I had $30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face
People have been asking me lately how I feel
Well, to tell you the truth, I feel great
I feel like I could touch the sky
No more dark circles underneath these beautiful eyes
People compliment me on my brand new nose
I put my hair in pretty pink ribbon and balls
Yes, because I'm a sexier woman since my new surgery
I think I'll have the judge over for dinner and tea
I'll turn my head, he'll feed me grapes
And then we'll burn those silly tapes
I could stand loose and little weight
But I feel great
Alright, 158 at 560 WQM
Today's pool and get to that while you're a PC
Somebody else's PC hop on it
Because we got the votes are pouring in
We got 107 votes already
Can you believe that?
Are you a hockey fan?
67 yes, 40 noes
And now it's closing up, you see?
Now it's starting to get a little bit tight
And the vote results too
62.5% say yes and 37.3% say
Who the hell is that Martin McSorhead anyway?
We don't care
5,670560, how come I'm giving the numbers out again?
You see, once you get started with it, you just can't stop
Because desperate
Here's a mobile in Weston, hello
Hey Neil
Yes, sir
How you doing? Great
I remember you remember Tyler's restaurant, Gallagher's restaurant
And little rivers
A little river
That's still there, morning side
No
Okay, well, that's the same area as lemon city
It used to be great
Yeah, it used to be a fancy, fancy, classy part of town
With great restaurants and people with some money
Well, I used to sell the Miami news on the corner of Biscayne Boulevard 70 nice
Oh my God
When it was a dime
Right
Yeah, but I didn't call you about that
I called you about this bush McCain race
Yeah
They're painting this McCain as a moderate
And he's no moderate
No, he's ultra conservative
Let me say it again, his voting record is everybody's conservative is
