This is Sports Radio 560 QAM!
Sports Radio 560, now the GQAM I am,
I am, you are the Lauderdale Presents,
The Neil Roberts Show!
The Neil called 560 560 toll free for Danden Brower
or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or...
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
The easily read acquisitions or the fairly broadcats.
NO!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
sports radio 5.6.2.8.
Well, all right, sports radio.
Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
They're coming soon from the people who brought you boxes.
Who wants to marry a multi-millionaire comes the other side of the spectrum.
It's who wants to marry a crackhead?
Crashhead number one.
If I were a lollipop, what would you do to me?
Well, first I like to make sure you were pure.
Then I'd crush you up, I'd grab you into pike and smoke you.
Ah, crackhead number two.
If I was a...
Oh, please, let me smoke you.
I need a baby.
Come on.
That who wants to marry a crackhead?
Coming soon on Fox.
Fox, I'll smoke a box.
Come on, let me smoke.
10-1-5-6-8-2.
I'm happy Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday.
I'm happy to play that poll yesterday.
You got a lot of results.
Come on, the internet on neo-rojages.com.
We had 472 votes.
Our question yesterday was, do you listen to Marlon's baseball on WQAM?
And of course yesterday was good day to have that poll because yesterday was our first Marlon's exhibition game.
Ah!
Yeah, I was in the car going to the track yesterday afternoon.
I heard Hank toward the end of the show saying, why I sure like these short shows after the Marlon game.
And you know what, we love them.
Let's have a Marlon game now!
Ah!
Let's go, shoot up, Marlon.
Ah!
Get those jocks, son.
And let's go get Joe and Dave Dustymoff a little bit.
Ah!
Put them in an opposite end to the broadcast booth there.
And let's play ball, baby.
Let's play five like Rony Banks would say.
Ah!
Anyway, here's the result of yesterday's poll.
Yes.
Yes.
We do listen to Marlon's baseball.
76.
A Paltry 16.1%.
Oh!
Not looking too good, you know what I'm saying?
Especially if you're planning on building a public for a stadium.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
No.
No.
What is it?
No.
Oh.
396.
83.8% said, absolutely.
No.
No.
No.
84% of the people who listen to this show do not listen.
And this wasn't in regard to an exhibition game.
This was just generally speaking.
Do you listen to Marlon's baseball on QA?
And the answer resoundingly was, no.
How do you like that?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
84%.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
That's going to be a great pull.
I think it's going to be very revealing.
We can start you know these,
the first few weeks that were doing these pull questions.
We learned a little bit more.
About the demographic.
Of the 200, 300 people we have left maybe working.
At least it's 600 anyways.
I come in this morning and Greg Reed.
No this morning and Greg Reed.
I got in the door and
I got in the door and said.
Aghh!
I thought it must be Greg.
I heard that sound again.
This is this I don't know whether it's amusing whether it's sad whether it's pathetic. I guess it's kind of a combination of all of you about
He had a call from corporate meaning the one of beesleaves over in Naples yesterday
And I guess over there somebody must have heard me say that the quiet period was over today
Which it is now officially over is it over?
Quiet periods over we don't have to be so quiet anymore about that
Beasley Stockers BBGI is assembled by the way
Yes, BBGI
Yeah
And they're a little bit nervous that I might say something to the detriment of that stock
And so they ask Greg to intervene come in here and ask me could I like a little easy on the no and I said of course not I
Said if these people treated me well if they give me a phone system that worked a little bit of promotion
lived up to all the promises that were made three years ago. I'd have no problem see some people on the audience think that I revel in
Ripping the management and talking about what a bunch of assholes there quite all contraire
When I worked for Dick Casper a W snooze that I ever ripped a Casper on here
No talk about how incompetent the management was no because it was good management. We were having a great time and
They treated us like human beings gave us the stuff to work with gave us the tools so to speak and what's life without a
tool is what I always say
But the fact is that when you work for people who are pathological liars and who keep making promises that they refuse to live up to and
Expect you to make magic for them with a bunch of craft because they're cheap
Because the check is always in the mail people who don't pay their bills people who string people look how many times his man
It's come on the air and belly ached about the fact that he hasn't been paid by these people for two three months at a time
Oh
By the way Danny D the asshole up there. What was it again? Carolina mountain water?
I think I've been pop beats was that the name of his company Carolina mountain water?
I'm driving home yesterday and it dawned on me that that was like almost verbatim word for word a
Similar facts. I guess he is a lot of the people the chronic faxies out there
They must have a form facts that they maybe change two or three words out of and then they keep pumping the same thing through their over and over again
Topics went out with high button shoes Danny D
Topics went out with wjn. Okay, sweetheart. Yeah, their history
Did we do topics at i.o.D. No when I was a lot more entertaining. No, no
But thanks for continuing to listen even though you're denied and you're fact that you found more interesting things and better things to do
And actually found a life Danny D have a nice day sweetheart, cuz I know you're listening right now
Don't we all know he's listening right now?
Well before I get back to the
Easily's in this stock and a lot of people are seeing Greg also points out a lot of people in this building bought the stock did I buy it?
No did George buy any of it? No did Robert Greeper buy any Mark Eisenberg buy any of the stock? No, that's for
For of us who didn't that buy one single share of bealey stock
When we were made the offer we said very politely. Oh, no, thanks very politely and quietly. No, thanks. We don't want it
Not with our hard-earned cash somebody else and I said to Greg like you know, there's an old saying a sucker is born every minute
Just like our good close personal friend Joe Costello who was in here yesterday saying oh, it's up to 13 almost to 14 as soon as it gets to 14
I'm gonna sell it and I said
Yeah, okay
As of this morning it was 13 and 3 16 is what I closed that yesterday now keep in mind the initial a public offering price that these people were
Given the great opportunity to buy the stock was 15 and a half bucks a share
It immediately started and those died. I'm like most IPOs and the majority of them go up many of them very substantially this one go up
No, it went down
We got you down
So I could talk about that today or not as the case maybe and you know what I have a feeling that probably will and I told Greg
And I'll tell the beastly the same thing right here on here. I'm very I'm just I'm astonished
That they that that they give me that much credit of having the power
Here's a stock that if you're in Tokyo right now you can buy it. It's on the NASDAQ
You can buy it if you're in anchor with your last go no matter where you are in the world even on your ranus
You could buy this stock and they think that I've got the power. I have the cloud
Yeah, just like Charles Atlas
I'm such a macho guy that I got the cloud to drive the price of the stock on their worried about that and see
The interesting thing is if I do say something on here today and it does by chance go down even though this morning
It looked like the market generally the NASDAQ especially was going way back up
I'm almost as powerful as that then big nose prick Alan Greenspan
Who opened up his mouth again yesterday and right away?
Yes, they went to market in the crapper again. I'm almost as powerful as him
Not quite as big of a nose
So we'll see but but it's good because now if it goes down to say oh it's that guy down the arigers
He's the one that's talking people out of buying our stock rhymes with schlock
Interesting how things rhyme you know what like I was thinking last night on the way home from the track Eddie K rhymes with GA
No, I'm not sure if it's amazing how things in life all kind of like a tie-in together. You know I'm talking about
Nine minutes after 10 is 560 WQ no portion of this broadcast may be reproduced
No, no, no, no, no, it's written permission of WQ a m
deeply reef acquisition court real Rogers is my lover now in theaters this guy's a legend
I don't know how he does it you need the tulips is someone with a very special talent
I already can suck the seed out of a piece without even biting any of the tulips. Yeah, talk about a cunning run
Bruce Willis stars in the whole 69 yards
Jimmy the tulips Jimmy the tulips how did you make all those other girls so happy?
It's not the women. I've made happy before it's the woman. I'm about to make happy
Oh, it's Jimmy the tulips in the whole 69 yards
I'll film you be seeing in dark CD theaters sometime soon excellent can't wait
It's 10 14 at 560 WQ and by the way come into a phone check before we continue
5 6 7 now just call up and let's make sure the phone is working we should be doing this every day on here
Oh, you're rebooting now shame on you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 7 8 5 6 3 4
5 just to dial in and let's see if any of the lines are working this morning
Because Greg is sure don't answer them. Nobody to Q. I.m.
Any old phone check. Thank you. Oh, now what is that?
That was it. Oh, I did that. Uh, damn it
Q. I.m.
I told you Q. I.m
Q. I. M.
W Q. I. M.
Yeah, phone check. Thanks WQ. I.m.
Did you say check now? What is that? Yeah, where's my check? What kind of response is that?
Hey line four worked line four did work, but I don't see anything after seven. You know what I'm saying?
I don't understand that there's something with this
What do you mean by that? 5 6 7 8 of the day line 5 6 7 8. Who do we appreciate? Not data. I guess
Don't tell me there's something wrong with line 7
Phone check. Hello. Thanks WQ. I.m.
Neil who's working women call for the Leafs. Yeah, that's undying. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm glad you talked about that
Okay, get out of here with that super phone check. Now I just wanted to see if they're working. We should do that to begin to show every day
Instead of going through that aggravating thing because then if they don't work then we can just go home right off the bat
Okay, stop on the phone check. Bye bye
I mean Greg Reed comes in here this morning. I wish I wish I could have had a goddamn
Secret cassette recorder sitting around somewhere
The most unbelievably in-an conversation two and a half years of frustration
Even if you're not going to give us any promotion anything for us give me a phone system that works to do a talk show for you
That's all is that a lot to ask? No, he's like
And even bluff Lindsey standing here. I have it a hard time keeping a straight push
Stand it behind Greg's back making little
Symbols little signs, you know one of them I was a little bit nervous about what that meant but anyway
Okay, we'll get back to the beastlies. We'll get back to the phone system
This guy brings up an important thing yesterday people wanted to talk hockey. Was there anything to talk about? No today's the big hockey day
It's the game of the season Panthers at Washington night any interest no talking around the building
I'm not telling you optimism is not too great
Optimism is not great for that game tonight. Now you never know
Maybe they'll pop up in surprises tonight the Panthers
Maybe all of a sudden pop up and Ray Winnie. They'll be like earlier in the season
They'll pop up and win the big game because this is for I mean can you imagine after having a 14 point lead in the division?
Just a few weeks ago
Being on the verge of going dropping at a second place to the vision tonight. Can you imagine that no kind of hard to believe but it's true
desperate game
And there are people I know who think that I'm very superstitious and very childish and the fact is that on television
I will not watch the Toronto Maple Leafs play. I got my tape recorder going
I won't watch the stress level my blood pressure goes up and person I have no problem. I love it
But on television I just get the VCR going and I'll peek in every now and end because when I turn it on the other team scores
True story
I go to bed last night the Leafs are head to nothing. It's on a west coast. They're playing out of Vancouver
And of course I can't fall asleep till after the game is over so I get up. I run into living room. I turn on the set
It's a 4 to 1 Toronto
All right, I don't think it okay. It's in the bag
I get up again. I run in early in the third period. It's five to 1 Toronto 15 minutes to go in a game
I'm saying I ride no problem. I'm counting the two points in the standee's mentally
Now I get up a little later. I figured the game is over was the game over wrong
It's five three Toronto with two and a half minutes left. I figure okay. I'll sit here and watch the last couple minutes
Just to make sure then stop my VCR
Now Vancouver scores a shorthand to go. It's five to four now. Vancouver scores another goal because Leafs defense
Just took the rest of the game up. It's five to five. They're going overtime
And I'm thinking to myself why did I get up and come back in here?
How can you blow a five one lead in the last in the third period
So I go back into the bedroom I lay down and bet I figure okay
I'm counting in my mind one minute two minutes. It's gotta be over. I go back in I turn on the set and the game is over
comment
His shot is the pointed wide of the goal. I don't think we've had a whistle have we?
My car to Sunbeam
Thomas and my last two well
Sunbeam still with a wide shoot
Baby Thomas
He's picking up
So he's gonna fix the five
It stays up all over again
Both coaches are throwing up
I have this lack of defensive play and Thomas
Get some stick on a shot. It looked like the white be going in anyway by Matt Sundeen and the Leafs
After giving up a five one lead win the game at overtime with a minute and 47 seconds left
There you go never without
1019 at five 60 WQ I am and of course
So we had some misinformation yesterday apologize, but don't blame me ESPN had it wrong
Ray Bork was pretty yesterday, but was it to develop your fly? No, no nice going to ESPN
That's what I got that from
And that's good news for everybody who's got an Eastern conference team that they like they went to Colorado
Philadelphia got enough guys already okay?
Everybody that gets ready to go through Philadelphia in New York were sick and terrible
So went to Colorado in the Western conference where we can get that old man out of our face along with Google Dave Andrew Chuck
Bye-bye Ray. We'll see you
So anyway getting back to that beastly stock. Oh, I'm sorry
Great article by Sherry Winston tastes good like a calmness showed who about once a year she writes a decent calm that makes sense
Oh before I get into that
I got to tell you this right now seriously if there's anybody who thinks that it's me
Like some of the assholes that were calling this show yesterday. Oh, it's you Neil. It's you. Yes, me
You talk about neurotic. I picked up the front the
page D
Which is the inside of the sports section in the herald of front page
And I showed it to George Mr. Anti sports and he peed in his pants. He had to go changes underwear
Staying or going and here's Danny Danny and Danny and Danny the dolphins and Vikings the Vikings and all for the
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny I mean it's just never dies. This town suffers from Danny disease
If you just never ends I have a feeling that six years from a sickle as you can come back here
You could leave now and come back in six years and they'll still be debating the same thing
Should he stay should he go should he leave should he take a crap should he uh
Feel afraid train. What's the story here Danny?
And all morning long I guess from what I've been told even though I don't listen but all morning long
I'm hearing that's what they were talking about again
And Donnie B came in and stuck his head in the door and said hey don't be on our parade
It's all we got to talk about got the biggest game of the year for the Panthers tonight
Of course there is no hockey talk on these shows in this you know on the station biggest game of the year
They're on the verge of getting bumped out of first place in the division
What are they talking about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy should he stay should he go and Dave hide who I'm going to tell you Dave
You really are you're just uh he's an asshole God
He keeps writing the same column every day now
This is after the colony wrote yesterday, which is his way of sucking up to John Henry and his little uh kind of a little foreplay for warning us that he's going to be
signing on for that the that cruise ship tax to build John Henry or stadium
Shaddy way to treat marina. This is the 825th and a 50,000 part series by Dave hide about how crappy they're treating Danny boy and the organization and
There are a bunch of liars and this and that and Eddie Jones said this and Eddie Jones said it. Hey, Adi Adi
See there are two words that could solve that hold the lemma I retire there you go Danny
Just say I'm I retire. I've come to my senses. I'm not playing in Minnesota
I'm not coming back here with they don't want me in a first place. I retire
Then you wouldn't have to worry about how he was beaten treated by the dolphin by this one by that one
He's got nothing left to prove. He's got more money than God
And this town can't let him go the same people every time he farted it was the wrong flavor
The last couple of years and every time that something bad happened it was his fault now they can't let him go
So please don't tell me it's me there. There's something in the water here
There's something in the year and and did anybody see the thing on channel 10 fried night because I was out of town
We were running those spots all day and they were promoting that thing with the the Castro deal now for years
You've heard me refer to the woodpecker
And a lot of people probably all that's another one of those jokes Neil made up not a joke
The woodpecker is like a gigantic transmitter that has been rumored
I mean, I don't know if they actually know that it exists. Do we know if it exists? No
But supposedly that else got this enormous transmitter down here this gigantic power that puts out these
Maddening high frequency town whenever he saw a tone
Being right directly itself for every time it cranks it up
And every time it cranks it up to a certain level you just roll down your window and you hear
All over town
So maybe that's part of it. Maybe that's why what goes on here is so bizarre and inexplicable
Maybe that's why people are driving all over the road like they don't know what the outside is up
I mean the fact that they're all stone out of their mind. They might have something to do with it too
But maybe that's just the frosting on the cake
I think it's the woodpecker is what the problem is
It's got to be
Because uh these people with a straight face and this is got to be the 50,000 article
I read with the same headline and the same thing shanny way to treat marino has been going on for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks
God get a frickin life
And like I said you got the biggest hockey game of the season for the Panthers in Washington and I
Do or die
At least for the moment then they're writing about dandy again the same old terminal tired craft
Jimmy and Danny
Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, that's all they know from like a one-no Charlie this town
Anyway, Sherry Winston writes
400 million dollars buys a lot of green eggs and ham, but I'll pass you says nice going there Sherry who usually writes
Boso columns she's not too bright
Sherry Winston but nevertheless
I'm not going to read the whole thing she talks about all the better uses that we would have if we're going to tax the cruise ship people just like what I said
I think Sherry got this call her column from this y'all again. Uh-huh could be
He says like she says I can't get beyond the tattered shattered state of public education in limedad county and throughout south florida
These schools f schools portables two-few teachers campuses that resemble minimum security jails
The future should be about better education and if you can't get behind that heck
I would rather see a cruise tax that I had as better police training or road planning goodness
Know as they could use help in those areas too. So Sherry Winston, but baseball
Perhaps silver and Henry. This is a round silver and john Henry perhaps they've been eating green eggs and ham
Perhaps they believe that can create an appetite for the improbable
Well, if that's the case, let me say this so Sherry Winston
The marlin's tax I will not pay. I do not watch the pay to watch them play
I do not care if the plan gets scrapped. I do not care if salaries work cats
I should not pay more tax to sale not for baseball let them fail
When schools still struggle to parents dare build a stadium is that fair? Let owners pay for their new home
New place to stay new fancy dome
But voters stand and say no way the marlin's tax this marlin's tax we must not pay nice going Sherry Winston
Like a calmness show
Go to it. Oh, right
You see john Henry no matter how you try to package it no matter how you try to free frame it no matter who you try to pay
Does the adversary the fact is the public says I must be crazy. I must be not the answer is still no no
472 votes on our internet on our website yesterday
Do you listen to marlin's baseball on wq a m 396 no 76 yes
84% said absolutely no there is no interest
Don't you understand there's no interest
And just like Sherry Winston says just like I've been saying we got this pressing me for all these other things all of these things
And here's this little boring twerp of a man who comes along and says oh yeah
Well, I got a real creative way if it didn't go work this way or works up by the way
It keeps he keeps throwing up these travel wounds and they keep like a fuss and before they even get off the ground
Ain't gonna happen sweetheart
I
Was john Henry I'd be on a phone right now with people in Washington DC with businessmen and Pocipsy and Batavia anywhere
Want to buy a baseball team will pack them a sandwich
Can I still on you but don't let the door hitch in the ass in a way out. That's the club house door. See ya
No interest
26 after 10 at 560 wq m
Sports right here
Yeah
480 560 q amp one a lot of pop little boy the artist
The music that shaped our lives
Welcome to where are they now?
2025 his name is Ricky Martin and 25 years ago he was a phenomenal his agents predicted back then his career would only get hotter
They were right Ricky Martin. Where are you now?
Would you like another towel for your scheme that sir?
That won't be necessary Ricky just keep your eye on the thermometer for me
1031 at 560 wq m so when we're getting back to this uh beastly stock dbg i and beastly broadcast
Which I noticed that neither one of our newspapers has discovered that's a local stock yet
Oh, maybe they just don't want to dignified by listing it with the 842,000 other local stocks they have listed in their local stock section every day
So at any rate the the people over there in Naples
I guess are a little bit nervous that now that the quiet period is over and they can't to keep some of us quiet anymore
That I might come on here and say something that might to cause the stock to go down first of all
That's the most ridiculous thing I ever heard in my life. There is absolutely no way in the world
Then I got the power. I can't even get the guy that people in the audience to call the show
I got the power that I'm going to cause people to invest or not invest or sell their stock just because it's a piece of crap
Just because this company is basically operated like like a bunch of fly-by-night flusies
Because we have pathological pathological liars involved in the management of this radio station
Would that make the thing go down? No, I don't think so
I mean we could call my good friend Ted David up there at CNBC and say oh you know that bbg i beastly broadcasting
We could say it's a piece of dirt and maybe that might do it, but I doubt it
See if people believe in his company more power to him just like the people who work here that were sold a bill of goods
And a lot of mar too happy about it and then I pissed off at me
They're pissed off that they were sold a bill of goods that they were buying in at 15 and a half
And this thing was going to be 30 35 40 before you know it
They were going to like make thousands of dollars overnight did that happen no, it's likely it's ever going to happen no
And of course I really have very little sympathy for most of those people because if you work for a company
You should have some idea of what kind of business people they are
Now how can you work here more than five minutes?
You're not be aware of the
Way this company operates
In fact, you don't even have to be your five minutes all you have to do is walk it off the elevator on the third floor
Look take a look up at the ceiling with the wires and schmoots still hanging around and then walk through that hallway toward where we're sitting right now
And look at the schmoots on the walls and the wires still hanging loose and say well how long has this been to a construction project been going on
And your tour guide would say well, what year is it now?
Since before Jesus was a baby
And you'd say gee, I wonder why that is. I wonder what that's all about
And it's interesting that in the initial offering and I have the information here from the internet back on frb. 11th
The Beasley people said that would use the net proceeds from this offering to reduce borrowings from its credit facility and repay debt
Some of which is owed to members of the Beasley family were on the company
Now
What does that really mean does that mean that they're trying to get their use this money to climb the crawler ass out of debt?
Oh, that's what it sounds like to me. Uh-huh
And of course we see the way that this crappy old phone system that's been sitting in here for two and a half years
That you hear me bitch about every guy day and day and you hear all those funky sounds that come out of it all the time because it's a piece of crap
It would have taken some investment on their partners. It turns out the thing is still in the mail by the way
It's still on the way as of 845 this morning as
What Greg Reed told us this morning he said
Just like the check the phone systems in the mail too
Cheap
Cheap cheap cheap to the point of obsessively cheap to the point of giving you as little as humanly possible to try to force you to fake your way through
Just like that building that they used to work with over their insurance street
As Hank used to refer to it with the rat infested bug infested
What kind of slabs
Expect people to come to work for them in that kind of environment
What kind of scumbags what kind of low-lives
Expect to provide that kind of facility and have you show up every day
The only problem is they did it because they could because they could get away with it
And especially you see this is what's happened to our growing grade industry now companies get away with whatever they how they want to get away with because there's only like just companies left
And in this market there's basically three
You got easily you got clear channel and you got cocks
And I mean you got some others but generally speaking those three out of big shooters that own the largest number station
And above and beyond that it doesn't make a bit of difference
So what choices have you got if you're the talent uh where else are you gonna go is there anywhere to go? No
If you're a listener
I mean if you're if you're not listening to some crappy station on my clear channel
The answer maybe you'll be listening to some other crappy station they got
Or whatever whichever one of the three companies it might be
The FCC is basically destroyed the broadcast business as we once knew it for the listener for the talent for everybody except for the greedy owners
Just like that thing that they about clear channel buying that whatever the hell at the internet company was four billion dollars four billion dollars
And
Can you imagine if you're working for that company you've put in long years of hard work for them or whoever used to own the station before you were sold of them
And you work for peanuts you work for crap and they're always crying and mowing. Oh gee well, it's not in the budget
We can't do this. That's why they call them cheap channel by the way the people who know that company best
And then you read oh four billion dollar purchase by clear channel and the stock is up to 72 and about whatever the hell it is
See that that's all everything is about anymore
That's all it's about
Is how much we can make the stockholders how we can boost the stock up
And how a small handful of very selfish greedy people how much more can they make
But the Dan Reno thing how much more does he need?
How much more does Wayne High ping the need how much more does John Henry need how much more does Mickey Erison need
I
Mean they can very good money, but how about you sluppers out there? They work your asses off at art making squat George
Maybe how maybe how about leave a little piece of the pie for some of those people, huh leave a little something for them. Oh, no, of course not
That's why though those those shows who wants to be a millionaire who wants to marry a millionaire who wants to suck a millionaire who wants to stay put a millionaire who wants to look a millionaire is asked
Because that's all it's about anymore
Millions and billions and trillions and it's just like the live you know a forget about studying getting the brain
You're gonna be in the NBA it's the same thing you're gonna be a millionaire. Are you gonna be a millionaire? No, probably not
probably not
I think you can sit there by the phone from now until the end of time an Ed McMahon and Dick Clark will not be calling the open at
$10 million and we just won't be on a phone inviting on that stupid show. I don't think it's gonna happen
For most of you
And Greg says well, you know, maybe a little good nature and kidding. I said what's good nature above it
When people are cheap when they treat you like crap when you have to have your lawyer threatened to take them to court
Just to just to have them live up to your contractual agreements and provide you with the equipment you need to do a radio show
What kind of good nature is there involved in that it's not a joke Greg and he says
George had to walk out of it. He's in the other room over there. He had to walk out in the hallway
Because he couldn't stand sitting there looking at that stupid expression on this man's face
It's called defending the indefensible. Does he have any defense for this? No
I kept saying to the man over and over again two and a half years of this it this isn't rocket science
This isn't some major expenditure of millions of dollars. It's called providing you with a phone system that works
That's all giving me some equipment that works
Come over here gave you all the big ratings making you millions of dollars doing everything in my power that I could possibly do
Be in the great guy that I am
All I ask in return is give me something
That works give me a phone system that works give me some equipment give me anything
That works I will I give it yeah, that's a response
To the mail son away from San Jose
Coming any day just like Peter North scored scored coming any day
And so if I were to get on the urn say that about if I were you people out there
I wouldn't touch the beastly stock with somebody else's fingers
And certainly not with somebody else's money would I be wrong and saying that? No, that's my opinion. Did I buy any?
Would I buy any any price no
Because that's my opinion of this company oh
Yeah, they do pay me but they pay me only because they have to pay me to keep me coming back
Pretty sad and if you're that stupid over there in Naples if you're really that dumb that you still don't get it
All I can say to you is just exactly what Greg said here this morning
Exactly, which I think you can relate to that you can understand that language
We're the bomb
Sports radio 560 Q AM
My name is my god good morning class
My name is Al Gore and I'm one of the men that's running for the office of the president
Now I was in second grade believe it or not once myself now who knows what a president is yes
You know what a spitball is
I'm sorry. Do I know what a
Well a president is someone who's sort of in charge of running the country who knows what a country is yes
Well a country is not a another spitball country actually is like a large area of land
And I'm gonna take all you kids and catch on sort of a giant school bus and take y'all on the
prosperity
Why who knows what prosperity might say yeah
You know kids there's the same title dissatisfaction you know what that is don't you
1045 it's stupid Tuesday by the way how could we forget about that didn't you forget about that that it was stupid
Tuesday I sure did for about the hour two because well I was listening to Greg going
Over and over again and here for half hour this morning
I was so underwhelmed by his performance by his repeating the same
Idiotic monotone things over and over again
We've kind of pathetic tragic Greg weak performance
If you want to buy the measly stock go ahead be my guest okay. There's an old expression
Four warrant is forearm. That's all I can tell you if you want to buy the stock go ahead
They can use the money the people around here. There's some good people are desperately hoping to get their money back
If it got anywhere near $15 a share
They would sell so fast to make your goddamn eyes pop out of your sockets okay
So go ahead and buy some stock or not as the case may be
I'm just trying to give you an advanced warning that these people are really the best
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile traffic report and four lottery. Hello
Hi
I got on i95 going north
At Sheridan street and it was almost stopped southbound past
595 oh
All the way down there wow
Something bad going on who knows okay another day in South Florida. I'm doing perlice. Thanks for the warnings. We are
Hi bye. There you go. There's a little warning for us. They're off the goddamn roads. They're off i95
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 7 8 5 63 45
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, we're in a
What do you some kind of food takers often?
Yeah, here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hi, I couldn't call yesterday, but I heard you talk about Dave. I'd call them these guys are out of their mind
So you really think that this is going to have one I owed of impact on Mickey aris. Yeah
The four dollars is coming from people
We're going to take cruises efficiently right gonna get four dollars you're gonna make two hundred million dollars
Whatever you're gonna make give it to something important right exactly that that's the issue is if we do agree to
You know impose more impose more taxes. Where does the money go? What do we use this for it?
It's not a question whether we like Mickey arisen or does he pay any taxes?
We all know the answers to that, but what are we going to use the money for absolutely more importantly?
You know, you're
But I don't think we should give money to any of these guys for anything right they buy things they know what the outside
No, I made a comment yesterday. I'll say it again today in case you missed it
As much of a hockey fan as I am and a panther and all that good stuff
We don't we didn't need a hockey team in this town
If they were able to said no one building that arena even though it's right close by my house
And I should convene it from a selfish standpoint if they would have said no in the team would have moved someplace else
Life would have gone on. This isn't a hockey town. This isn't a sports town
We got already a whole bunch of buildings that are mostly half empty all the time and the worst thing is
These guys buy things they know what the upside and downside is and then they convince them from politicians to do whatever they want
Right, they don't have to worry. They're not making business decisions
They're just making money decisions figuring that they're going to get bailed out because they'll give somebody free tickets and these people
You know, it's nothing matters to these to these people
And by the way the hockey game tonight is important
But you know if Washington wins it doesn't matter
Chris will lose the first shot in the playoffs any well
You see the problem is that the nobody cares about this yet that I had 55,000 hockey calls in a
Stuff that had nothing to do with anything and now we got the biggest game of the year coming up tonight
And what's everybody all whipped up up? Oh Danny is Danny Stan?
Is he leaving as he coming as he going as he got diarrhea?
I mean, this is just it's like an illness. It really is
I moved I moved that here in 72 and I learned to hate the dolphins because
From June to September or whatever. We hear about his dolphins. Well, what do you mean? What do you mean June?
Well, I mean, this is the last time I checked. It's the seventh of March
No, the one I'm saying is even when it's not football
So you're knowing you hear about his football nothing else remember those days. There's no basketball no hockey no
Yeah, and now we heard that and now we have all the other things and it's still all you hear about
That's all they know have a great thing
seventh of March
Danny oh Danny you can't leave and you they're treating you so bad and you don't want to go play up there in that
God damn frigid north even though it's an indoor and closed stadium and yada yada yada yada
One call on the board baby. It's gonna be just like yesterday all over again
Vija who all over again the only difference is gonna be my reaction
Yeah, that was bad in my part yesterday. Let me Zanceholds change my life not gonna happen ever again
Want to play the game fine if not
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Open line on the a world famous line 877 7 8 5 63 45
Here's a mobile in Miami Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
I worry first time. Long time. All right. I agree for it. My name is Springs corner of the new road in Royal Pantiana
Make sure you yeah, make sure you stop count to three then turn right. Okay. They're even giving you little keychains
They're the full stop the rolling stop police. Yeah. Yeah, it's it but I'll check this out. It's not on the ticket
I like they put like a little note on the side. Yeah, it says stop red light running weak
For their out to get you great. Okay. Thanks for the good news
Thanks. I'll sleep better than I five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in four-loader Dale. Hello. Hey, what do you think of the
That's right. Yeah, meaning what?
What do you think it's going on? You think probably coming not fast? So I think he's gonna knock out
Going out of the race today is the end today is his a finito. It's very well
And what do you think of the cane and blush? What do I think of him?
Today you think they're over
That's what I think of both put together
You don't like McCain. Well, why would I like McCain? What do you like about him? I think he's an I think he's an honorable guy served his country
He served his country. Let me ask you how about all the other millions of people who serve their country in the military. Should they be president?
No, but they're honorable. They're honorable. This man has got a 17 year-old voting record in the Senate of right wing
Votes on every issue you can think of from gun control to abortion and everything down to pike and he's honorable. What does that mean?
So you're getting sucked in by the hype again, man. He's absolutely nothing
Well, I don't know his record entirely
What do you know about his record?
I think I like he's conservative and I like that. You like to cut taxes, but I like that. Uh-huh
And I thought that Bush was the one who was in favor of cutting taxes
They both are no and Bush is the one that wants the big tax cut
They both want tax cuts, but Bush wants great ones. So in other words, so how do you against the woman's right to choose on abortion?
Well, I don't agree with them on everything. Yeah. Well, what do you agree with him on?
Well, I'm cutting taxes number one and what else?
Number two, I think we should strengthen the military for more money into that. Yeah, which I think we've lost through the Clinton administration. It isn't Bush for that?
Yeah, I mean, I like both candidates. I think McCain is a more honorable person
Okay, see if the T.F.A. Hanoi Hilton. Okay
How sad but again this guy he would he would vote for either one, which is okay. He's a Republican. So therefore he's got that's a choice. He's got
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Yeah, hello there. Yes, sir
You know, you talk all this talk about Mr. Henry and the Bill Guantan
The cruises to pay for a stadium. Yes, sir. I come from Maryland where Abe Poland
Built the capital center for his bullets. Yeah, which that can't cook
Built his own football stadium. Yes for his team right where Poland and MCI built the stadium indoor stadium in Washington DC
Without tax pay his money. Then nobody goes to write. Oh, are you kidding? You can't you can't get tickets for there for the red skins
What a bullets for the MCI center right right wait, man the red skins and the bullets play in the same
I know that skins playing jack can cook right so how about the Washington capitals the hockey team that nobody goes through
That's what I just said the bullets go other other big crowd
Buller there. Well, and Washington's a lot of bullets. Washington is no question about that all right. Have a good day back to you. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 at one thing I like about the old people down here. They got a good sense of humor. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, they really do
Especially when their bag starts overflowing
I got a good sense of humor about that
Out of town line is open 877 785 6345 but don't you like McCain? He's an honorable man. He stayed at the Hanoi Holt and he served this country
So maybe that guy is a right wing fanatic and if that's the case then that's his man
His McCain got a chance. No, not after the day. He's done. He's well done sticker fork and he's done like Danny boy done finito. Bye bye Johnny
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. How you doing great?
Listen, I took your advice and I ran out to Vegas. We could go and sent the Bellagio
Incredible place absolutely incredible and we spent the time of course through the Paris hotel
That's beyond belief
You know coming back to South Florida at the spend a week in Vegas. It's like letting all the air out of the balloon
That is just such a well-run place, you know
If you didn't describe anybody hasn't been out there is really missing the boat not spending time out
I just wanted to share that with you. Thanks for you. Okay. I'm glad it's still there. Okay. Thanks a lot
Vegas is still there boys and girls still great
Don't have it at great time. Here is his beautiful and Bellagio and the check out the Venetian too. They tell me
It's still great and we're still here
And Nick kahose is closing in one location eight o'clock at night. A lot of people are very concerned about that by the way
That's correct. So you're raising your rolling your eyes in air
It's very important thing about Nick kahose and Rochester and the garbage plate and stuff like that
Those of us who know great sloppy cuisine
Hey, if you're gonna work for the beesleys why if you're gonna you know, dress sloppy and why not eat sloppy
So I'm gonna just slabber it all over you. Why not have like food running all over your place like the beesleys do
And all over those uh
Works brother suits those rumbled up suit suits that they were that look like they were sleeping in dumpster for two three weeks at a time
They're classy people
It's a great stock
1056 and 560 double hand doing my best for these poor suckers near the God sucked into that piece of crap. I mean, that's a great stock
BBGI baby rhymes with buy buy buy buy and then you die
It's great. Beasley broadcasting man. They need the money badly towards might actually get his bonus
No, seriously they gave us a it's one of those
A or B you know, it's either one of the above can't have both column A or column B
Either George gets his bonus or you get the new phone system which when you want so we're thinking about it
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQ
All the clinton spent their first night in chapequil
Oh
I'll get it honey
No, I'll get it don't worry buddy
Come on, I'm coming
Father
Well, hello mr. President. I'm Sarah Rubin. Yes you will
Here's my family. There's an effectorian house across the street. It's a very nice house, and you have very nice legs
Well, thank you sir. And welcome to our little parent of chapequil. I hope you're family. We're living here. I think I will
My daughter are there, man. I have big children. Welcome to the neighborhood
Is there family recipe for playing apple upside down cake? I like to take your pine apples anyway upside down sideways
Thank you mr. Pantsony
No, it was just a lady for next door
I said I'll get it just sit down shut up. What are you boys?
Ha, they're
I can't believe it. Well, hello
Hello, mr. Clinton. I'm Elaine Krypkin. Just keep your voice down. Are you the escort? No, sir
I'm sorry, Miss Krypkin
What can I do you for? I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort's not here yet
If you want to jump on a little Charlie. Oh, no, sir
All right, well, I'll see you later. I'll wait
Whatever your life
Hey, the doorbells going crazy
Great Caesar's ghost
Hi, Billy. It's me, Madoka. Good. God almighty. What do you think of my new bond?
What are you doing here? What but that house next door with my chitty crane money. Oh my god
We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2009
Now I don't have to wait
I'll see you two which were very embarrassed about I guess we're writing him off the list time
Uh-huh. Yeah, he's the big great guy. He was very funny, but now uh forget it
Connecticut wrestlers charged in hazing all of a sudden I've been talking about this for years and suddenly they're catching on
New York times on Sunday big, big article here
High school hazing turns more violent in step with society educators say here's a big article in the claims the Canadian magazine
It's kind of like the time magazine of Canada the hell of hazing
And here what somebody factfully which thank you very much because I forgot about it
I had to hear on Friday never had time to talk about it
Connecticut wrestlers charged in hazing
And just like we've always said isn't interesting to notice that almost every one of these hazing episodes in includes
Something having to do with genitals, huh? Yeah
Something like that at the gate club you moron right getting they could shave in your pubic hair rubbing your genitals in somebody's face
Walked around doing the elephant walk rabbit ahold of somebody else's penis, etc and so on
Is that interesting?
I will get to that Connecticut wrestlers charge in hazing and of course we all know about wrestling anyway
At the gate club you moron five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
Here's Halendale hello
Oh Neil yes sir
Good morning. Oh, actually show a long time with Neil two things
I've been hearing you about
Well built and dirt you and ham about this building your way is working and all that hot come what what are you talking about
Self-indert. Well, you're saying there was a there was a festering this way and that way there's a while
Why is coming out of the ceiling? You're talking about yeah, okay? Now I I wait for a company the same way
I'm retina we got together we had to build in department the health department and everybody this guy
We had a nuts. It's not gonna happen here sir. Well, I got noose. He got more summers than I got a helmet
Let me say it again
It's not going to happen here because we have a bunch of pussy used at work here. It's not going to happen
Well then then they deserve what they get because if they don't want to worry about themselves
Then they should get everything that's coming to them. Okay. Thank you. Thank you five six seven
Are we gonna talk to anybody of the age of a thousand here today?
No, okay
And by the way of fact your points out that the Washington Bullets have been the Washington Wizards her last the seven years now
Because bullets got everybody nervous up there just like they do down here
But that's okay because he's still living like a hundred years in the past
Does he know the Washington Crap it'll never hurt that no no
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line is open as almost all of them are 877 7 8 5 63 45
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, I'm just calling to say I love you show the farting noises really make my day and
Goat the authors
Here's our last call for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Neil. How are you doing today? Okay, right where we left off yesterday
Hey my farm to my doctor tried to kill me a couple months ago
I had some surgery on my shoulder. Yeah, they gave me something called oxo codone
You know to go home with yeah, like a active ingredient in perkadan
5 milligrams. Well the pharmacy gave me something called octocontent which is 40 milligrams. Yeah, I take this pill
It's like taking eight freaking perkadan
All right, can you believe that no, I mean why can't they print out these pharmacy receipts rather than doctor scribble because it's in code
It's crazy three letters. They like they don't die. Yeah
Well, it's the quiet period now. They're gonna be hearing from okay. Good luck pal. So nice good luck
And don't forget me by the way when you're done. Okay, no calls. That's it. That's the end of our calls today
Let's give the poll question for our website and then we can play music a nice peaceful day the rest of the day or maybe we'll just how about we play yesterday's Marlon game all over again
How does that sound? I'll go get the tape. Okay, great
Georgia's going to get the tape yesterday's Marlon game in case you missed it against Kansas City. I bet you was a rip snorter
Our poll question today, which if Eric is which I'm sure he is on top of it right now
What show do you listen to in the morning for those the 20 people who are still listening to this show
Which is obvious they're all gone tried to take it at Greg our audience is gone, baby
Since that OJ golf tournament they have fled like we have leprosy on this show but nevertheless
And here are the choices what the radio show goes into in the morning the first team
Howard
Paul Castanova Rick and suds y100 power 96 or other that's an awful lot of choices, but we can handle it
What radio show do you listen to in the morning? This is on our website our poll the day in the orangeers.com first team
Howard Stern Pong Castanova Rick and suds y100 which we don't want to mention footy on here by name doing no power 96
Which we wouldn't mind mentioning to go Griffin by name, but why bother power 96 or other
Just kind of out of curiosity to see what our 10 listeners that we still have here listening in midday what they listen to in the morning
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 8 minutes after 11 o'clock QAM
Don't buy a house
Attention ladies and gentlemen
For your amusement today you can step right up to the new
Rogers table
For wqa and
In the wheel and when the price
Hello
It's not that die
Everybody
I can't just
Bh
But David and I had to choose this sky over here.
But he knew.
He knew who.
Yeah, David, they spent a meal, I said, who's David?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I said, all you do is you just sit there.
And you get up and dance or something, entertain it.
Come on.
I got a dad just this muffin I had, oiled out.
I'll see you here and watch.
Look at that.
Get up.
That's good, keep quiet.
That's it.
That's it.
I got a bite.
I need a three-cup.
I get my three-cup.
I'm going to have to go.
It's 1114-560WQM.
Here's our final tab.
We didn't start to loophole until it's a few minutes ago.
Eric left this thing on there until that point.
You listen to Marlon's baseball on WQM.
We wind up with 518 votes.
Somebody is out there.
They're just not calling us anymore.
In fact, maybe now that we have this new thing with the polls on the Internet,
maybe that's just how we'll communicate.
Just yank the phone out.
When did that yank it out?
What are you saying?
518 votes.
437 said, no.
They know listen to Marlon's baseball on QM.
84.3% said, no.
81 said yes.
That's only 15.6%.
Over 84% of the people who listen to this show do not listen to Marlon's baseball.
That's a higher percentage than who wants to see titties on TV.
Right.
That's exactly right.
This is the most overwhelming and wapsided.
How do you like that?
John Henry.
You're whistling up even Sherry Winston who tastes good like a column of the shirt.
She says no chance.
No way Jose.
Nice column there, Sherry.
Sher makes a lot more sense than that Dave Hyde, that jack ball, who's already looking to come to the rectum.
We're door hop on board.
Do we want to include NPR on that list?
Eric.
That's time to cut the crap.
56670560.
I got news for it.
That's only for George's intellectual listeners, the NPR.
56670560.
Where all where have those cars gone?
And the only people who are calling me now are old grizzled farts.
That's what's going on now.
Over the age of 100, don't put any more old farts on their place.
As much as I enjoyed beating them up, don't put them on their.
I can't handle it.
Well, now I should get more excited about it.
You know, you can hear the death rattle in the background.
Although it does make me feel very young.
It's kind of like going to that appearance we had at Semino Indian Casino, where I felt like not even like I was in elementary school all over again.
I felt like a child.
Here's Peoria.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm right.
This moved up here.
It looked from last summer.
Yeah.
How's it played in Peoria?
It's nice.
Live down the Delray Beach.
Oh, well, you should have been up in the World Man's.
Yeah.
For 20 years, I used to live up here.
You should have did pool servers.
And with my Sony walk then.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Marlin.
Boy, haven't heard that.
It's a cubby's up here.
Yeah.
I just.
Okay, well listen, have a great day.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Tom.
Hey, Tom.
How you doing?
I'm not an old geezer.
I'm 27 years old.
And I've been listening to your show for about three years now since it came to 2 a.m.
Thank God for you, Tom.
Thank God for our one listed that we still have under the age of 100.
I just have to feel sorry for you and begging for calls every day.
I think the happiest I saw you is when you were weren't taking calls anymore.
Yeah.
Those three weeks were like heaven.
Oh, thank heaven.
I think you should do it again until they get you a new phone system.
So when people try to get in and talk to you, they, uh,
You'll see if I do that.
There's, you see that it's not a good tactic on my part because if I do that, they'll say,
Oh, when you see you don't need the phone, you do, you're just great without a phone.
You need to go to the emphasis.
If it doesn't work, you can do a talk show for four hours.
You've already proven that.
And I'm not going to give that opportunity.
That's true.
I mean, they want to double.
They want to double my pay.
I'll consider doing the talk show without any calls every day.
That sounds fair.
Retro act.
That's what it comes fair.
Hey, what do you think, uh, that, uh,
Toronto, uh, Avalanche trade with, uh, the Bruins with Ray Borg?
Uh, in, in consequential, uh, Ray Borg is finished.
He's, he's another Danny boy.
He's another guy that should have quit a year ago and he just didn't know what to hang it up.
He's done.
He's finished.
Thanks.
I think that's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's great.
That's so goddamn overrated.
Ernie Banks, ever went to goddamn, uh, a world series, of course, now.
There's so many great athletes who never wanted to championship.
What the hell difference does it make?
I mean, the guy made millions of dollars.
He's a household name in Boston.
If he's got some class, he could have retired there, finished it out and, uh, you know, hung it up.
Absolutely.
I agree with you.
And God bless you.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Tonight's the big night, baby.
Panthers had watched it.
Any interest in that?
No.
Any trades yet by the Murray's.
He's the spokesman doing anything yet.
No.
No.
No.
He's kind of been suspended animation again.
The spokesman.
Nothing happened.
All kinds of other things happening around us.
Are we doing anything yet?
No.
Better do something soon, sweetheart.
Because sometimes you feel like it's just slipping away.
You can feel it slipping right out of your hands.
And the division championship too.
Fine.
And with all those teams like bunched up in there now, all those teams between like 78 and 82 points.
You got the Leafs now with 82 and Philadelphia with 81 and the Panthers are watching them with 80.
And I got a while right out of all right under ass with 79.
All those teams just jammed on in there.
So if you keep that losing thing going on, the Panthers have been doing a lot lately.
And keep playing no defense.
All of a sudden you might wind up in the real bad crap.
Come playoff time.
And we sure wouldn't want that to happen.
Because then we might have a lot of empty seats for the playoffs.
And that would be real embarrassing.
Right Wayne?
That would be bad.
And I'll say it again.
Here's a man had to have 19,000 some odd seats in that place.
Couldn't this couldn't have handled 17,000 five something like that.
And made nice big comfortable seats that had like real big.
You know, without all the goddamn knee space being taken away for those cup holders.
Could have made it nice and comfortable for everybody.
Couldn't they?
We didn't do it.
Because there were a bunch of greedy sons of bitches.
And then they wonder,
she how come nobody's showing up?
I understand it.
So only 67 bucks a game.
And look at the great prices on that food that I wanted to talk about that one day when again the cat had everybody's tongue.
And nobody wanted to comment on that.
You know, it's interesting though when I go to the games,
you'd be amazed that all the people that come up to me,
oh, you're right.
And the other food here sucks and the prices are ridiculous.
All these people say that.
But what they call no.
And you want to know why?
Because nobody wants to make the effort.
Nobody wants to look to finger anymore.
And you notice that more and more and more with these generation zers.
That's another thing.
By the way, if somebody tells you you're a generation Xer or a baby boomer,
pick a big pile of dogman or slap him in the face with it.
Okay.
I'm so sick and tired of all these goddamn media created categories.
Oh, you're everybody has to be pigeonholed.
That's going to be our poll question one day next week.
I think when you're at the Me Corn Holder pigeonhole.
Now, why do people like our good friend JP?
There was a good kid,
but a little like wet behind the years.
Oh, well, I'm a generation Xer.
What is that crap?
How can somebody make up some stupid plastic artificial name like that to categorize a whole bunch of people who don't think the same,
who don't dress the same, who don't eat the same, who don't even crap the same.
Oh, but I'm a baby boomer.
When the boomers do this and a boomer,
yeah, the boomer.
And by the way, get the boomer out of the booth.
He sucks.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I took the day off with my birthday.
Grave, it's your birthday.
Yeah.
You all want something, man.
They all want a little.
Oh, I thought we'd second do.
You didn't have to play that.
You sound like you're under the age of 100.
We got to do something and try to win the audience back.
They're gone.
I'm feeling a little old today.
I'm going to be real popular until a couple of days ago.
45 today, Neil.
That's not bad.
I started listening to you.
Take a drive over to Sendol Indian Casino, like early in the afternoon.
I have a, I don't feel like a teenager again.
I was talking to my dad Sunday,
and we have a mental picture of that whole scene there.
And I don't think my mental picture can do it justice.
That had to be hysterical.
Do you remember the scene in Kuku's next door?
They were like dancing.
They were like, was real crying.
They had the music and the music.
They were all dancing.
That was kind of like it was in there without the music.
I called for one reason.
Actually, I called for two.
Number one.
I see radio being turned off all around South Florida when the Marlins.
What is it?
This is spring practice games or something?
And they've been vision this game.
And they ink you for that?
They're yanking it.
That's, that's unbelievable.
I mean, 518 responses, which I think is the highest response we've had in just a one day poll so far.
So a lot of people felt strongly enough to give an opinion.
And 437, almost 85% said absolutely.
No.
They don't listen to Marlins baseball.
So that means that at 1250 yesterday,
85% of the people were listening turned it off.
And maybe the other 20 people turned it on who want to hear the game.
Does it affect your ratings?
Of course.
Okay.
My ratings, thanks ratings.
Oh, God.
One request in the audience.
Yes, sir.
And I'll never, I won't call for another year, ask for anything else.
Former daughter.
You got it.
Thank you, sir.
And have a happy.
You too.
He's only 45 years today.
What is he?
Yeah, I wish I was 45 again.
I wish I was 25 again.
And I knew what a bunch of assholes that easily worked.
Oh, God.
I don't want to start saying anything about that stock.
See, if you treated people well,
if you paid your bills,
if you paid people when they're supposed to get paid,
maybe people would talk good about you instead of talking the truth,
which is your bunch of scumbags, okay?
Beasley's.
A bunch of measly scumbags want to be.
Oh, they got this stock offering.
They're going to be big shots.
So why should it come as any surprise to anybody that it started off right from the first day
is what they call a broken offering.
Like broken down old secondhand,
like all of our equipment broken down offering.
Yeah, I could go back.
I could do the rest of the show on that.
Oh, yeah.
Can you get, can you get the other kind of like ease off on that?
We don't want them to hurt our price of our stock.
So see, now they got a good alibi.
You ought to thank me.
Now you got an alibi.
When a stock goes down to 10 or 8 or 7 or whatever,
it's going to go down to,
you can say to all of this kind of employees that you sold a bill of goods.
Oh, it's that guy then fat bag over there in Miami.
He's the one that drove the stock price,
not by badmouthing it.
By telling the truth,
how many people in this building have put in their expense accounts
and have waited weeks and months and years and lifetimes to get paid by these people?
How about that poor bastard up there in Philadelphia?
They were faxing.
They had the wrong phone number, like everybody else out there,
the wrong fax number,
kept fashing us for his goddamn 225 bucks or whatever it is,
who did some engineering worker, whatever on a goddamn Marlon's Philly's games up there in Philly.
That was last year.
Every couple of weeks we get another,
you could see the cheering drops on the goddamn faxes.
Please, please, this is my 800s request for my 225 bucks
for working for your goddamn cheap ass radio company.
Please send me my check.
How'd you like to have to be poor Miriam downstairs there?
Our accounting lady.
And you wonder why she's in the not the best of health?
How would you like to be her?
Having to be the spokes lady liar for the company?
Oh, the check is in the mail.
I experienced it myself before I even started here.
They have her, she has to, you know,
fend off all the creditors.
So if I'm a company that goes public,
I expect people to invest in my company
because I'm a good business person,
I'm going to expand and make them a lot of money.
How can I possibly expect them to do that
when I don't want to pay my bills?
When George has to wait for his goddamn bonus
until it's absolutely the very last paycheck
before it says in the agreement
that he finally got into putting writing,
the very last moment that they can possibly pay him,
that's when he gets it.
Did you ever get it early?
Before they had a pay?
No, no.
The answer is no.
Yes.
No.
What was it again?
No.
That's what I thought you said.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
In other words, act like a man.
And I'll treat you like a man.
Act responsibly.
And we'll treat you with some respect.
Put a guy in the system and hear that work.
Give us some equipment.
We're not talking about billions of dollars.
And this man talks about,
I'm going to be doing a show from Toronto.
I'm going to be doing a show from Amsterdam.
I'm going to be doing it from the table in New York.
From a studio that they're going to build.
Does anybody believe that?
They can't build a studio here in Miami that works.
Although we do have a segment of the audience out there
that misses those goddamn sounds on the phone.
They missed those.
You thought I mean?
Yeah, I know exactly what you mean.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
And there's hockey only on
420 560 QAM.
A.O.
Man, what's up with the cost of the push?
There was no farmer who lived on a rock.
He said in the middle just shaking his head
that some boys who were down by the fritz
were being the water there is on their marbles
and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She said on the graph.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles
and laces and white fluffy dark.
She said she was learning a new way
to bring up her children so they would not spend
while the boys in a barnyard were shoveling
wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her
I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a side of the whole home
in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her phone lightly
she'd show him her nest of beth-dog
who was subject to fence
and maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dender
and with a movement so quick
and then she'd bend over and suck out his candy
so tasty made up but her sky
and then he'd spread with cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If anything this is 30 you can go
and give her some.
All right, 1, 2, 5, 60, WQM got Hank in studio
with two boobshobby at 6 o'clock.
Pre-game 6, 30. Panthers at the Washington Caps.
Oh what a game tonight, 7 o'clock.
And then of course we got Eddie K rhymes with GA
right after the game.
Connecticut wrestlers charged in hazing.
High school wrestling can be a form of controlled hazing.
The grueling practices.
The struggle to meet a target bodyweight
and the exhausting regimen of steer climbing and weightlifting
weed out the weakening on discipline.
Not to mention those who just want to grasp the other kids' crotch.
Connecticut prosecutors however are taking a hard line
against eight trouble high wrestlers
who are accused of taking things much too far.
Eight members including two cap of the same members,
including two captains of the 15 member team have been arrested.
Three as adults on assault and conspiracy charges
that could draw more than five years in prison in some of the cases.
Hillary Berger, one of the prosecutors said
hazing is an inadequate description of the attacks.
A 15 year old wrestler was allegedly hog tied,
pushed into a wall,
stuffed inside a locker and held down
while teammates forced the handle of a plastic knife into his rectum.
Isn't that nice?
And just like I said before, have you noticed that almost everyone,
everyone of these hazing incidents involved
either the rectum or the penis or the...
That's a gay club you moron.
Or shaving your scroat,
something along those lines.
Running around naked,
holding each other's private and sergeants.
You should call it what it is,
and that would be a pattern of assault and harassment.
She said, this is not cute,
this is not boys will be boys.
The boy told police that after joining the team in December,
he and two other new wrestlers were repeatedly haze,
the two other boys were allegedly hog tied with trainers taped,
one was thrown into the shower,
while the other one was covered in garbage,
the 50 year old told police.
The allegation shocked students and parents.
Several students said they thought hazing was limited
to childish locker room pranks, right?
When I was there,
I never heard anything like this said,
Tom with Kowski in 1997,
graduate of play on the football team in this freshman year.
A lot of people are pissed off and faried up about it, he said.
Lawyers with the accused wrestlers say
trouble high officials have known about hazing for years.
In the 1999 yearbook to departing captains of the wrestling team,
urged their teammates to carry on the tradition of hog tying.
And it goes on and on.
And then here in McLean's magazine this week,
is a whole big article about the hell of hazing.
June 1998, three members of Calgary's
Badam Triple A Buffalo hockey team are given one year suspension
for rubbing their genitals into the faces of other players.
There you go. All right.
What does that sound like?
That's a gay club you moron.
1997, the Ontario Hockey League investigates after rookies
on the Kingsville comments,
and Ontario Junior C team are forced to strip
in a team bus washroom and then made to run down the aisle while their team
may sit them around the genitals.
What a surprise.
September 1993.
Criminal charges are laid.
Again, some members of Ontario's Tilbury Hock's Junior C hockey team
because of hazing activities that include drinking games,
shaving of pubic here,
enforcing people to eat incredible concoctions of horrible stuff.
It's just guys having a good time.
Isn't that what it is?
Guys, boys will be boys.
We have any others' privates.
And, you know,
here's Naples.
Hello.
Lauren and Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple things for you.
I'm a 41-year-old from Naples,
and I wanted to get a question first.
What do these guys, since you were mentioned in the Beasley's,
what do these guys look like?
Because I live about a half mile from, you know,
their little office building.
What do they look like?
Clare.
Domsterious.
That's what they look like.
Clare.
I mean, I can't, how do you describe what somebody looks like?
I don't have a...
Are they tall and short?
They're tall and short and stocky and slim and grotesque looking.
Because they look like I said,
they just crawled out of a dumpster.
Well, they split their keep-tooth overnight
in a dumpster somewhere.
Because this morning I heard somebody rattling around
in my garbage can.
That could have been one of them.
I wouldn't say it'd be surprised.
It'll probably Bruce Beasley.
But anyway, I thought I'd call you and let you know of it.
He was probably looking in there digging around for some loose change.
I'm serious.
These are people who don't pay any, they don't pay their bills.
And they're on Wall Street.
They got a stock offer.
And they want me to come on here and lie for them.
And not rip them and tell the public what I want your fakers they are.
Well, I really got to deal with something like that.
Yeah, that's right.
Fakers, man.
Fakers.
Anyway, not fooling me.
Yesterday, my daughter answered the phone.
Usually I don't answer because most of the time you get these sales people right there.
But I took the phone call because she handed it to me and I thought I might have been someone else.
And as soon as I found out it was a sales call, I had her run over
and get my new Rogers keychain.
Great, excellent.
And I started laying out all the sounds on the phone for the lady.
Yeah.
So that was a nice new youth that I found.
That's a good idea.
I think I'm going to start trying that.
That was fun.
But also, a couple of weeks ago, I heard you mentioned you're talking about what you like to get out into nature and stuff like that.
I did.
You did?
I like to get out into nature.
Yeah, enjoy nature.
When, how did I say that?
About three weeks ago.
Oh, maybe we're listening to George saying that.
No, no, no, you know, not me.
That's why I was surprised.
No change.
No.
Nobody ever confused me with being a tree bark tour.
That's what I was wondering because I know you're all going to go to the cities and stuff.
Yeah.
Well, we'll forget that last time.
George, George liked that fresh year up in North Carolina.
He likes seeing them swastika's flying up real high.
He likes all that good stuff up here.
Yeah.
One last thing.
In closing, yes, sir.
I'm about to light one up.
Could you wait a few minutes and play Smoke 2 joint?
Yeah.
Day, sir.
Okay.
Okay.
By the way, what do you want?
No.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line.
22 till noon.
Any calls about that big Panther game tonight?
No.
About any trade they might be making.
No.
See yesterday they were calling.
Was there any reason to be calling about it?
No.
Of course not.
There was nothing going on.
Today is the big day.
Last night, I was thinking that every Toronto Maple Leaf fan in North America was up there
until 1.30 in the morning watching, holding their breath, puking their guts out, watching them blow a 5.1 lead in the third period.
And then went in overtime.
Nice going there, Matt.
Yeah.
God.
That's the second time in a row of Vancouver.
They blow a big lead in the third period.
And then went in overtime.
In a game that was absolutely like Harry Neal said, with no defense.
The coaches were both puking their guts out.
No defense.
The defense was like taking a vacation.
Permanent.
Great game.
And we got the big game of the century tonight.
The Panthers at the Washington Capitol.
Can you feel it in the air?
No.
Can you smell it?
And what are these people talking about on your sports station?
And what are they writing about in your goddamn newspapers?
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Oh, God.
It's beyond belief.
It really is.
If you went to the moon and you told a moon man about what's going on here, he would say,
Oh, it's not possible.
It can't be.
It can't be still hot.
And that's in crap.
I mean, it's the middle of March.
Hey, Danny.
March your way.
Okay.
March your way.
Thank you for everything, Danny.
We love you.
Goodbye.
21 till noon at 560 WQ.
It's safe.
And by any chance, as vice and foe WQ.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey.
The day, like this is the same.
Like the sea, but you must tell you, we swear it night, if you want.
These outfits are planned.
They will take your hand.
We got a man.
We swelled in night, day.
We look like candy, and he's a designer.
We sing like a butcher, and we buy a new, a new dress.
Our agent says we got a sale.
We swear in night, day.
I'll be your stand, as well, your old girls.
School's deeper as tears as we be.
Yeah.
As they get older, they all figure out where hiding our late-tannies.
One thing is for sure again.
Many joy.
What a close-up, a delicate cycle.
Want to feel the sun, shouldn't you find hope?
But the day we think that we have better say.
We say we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
46 and 560 WQM.
I would say Kevin probably myself.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I wasn't going to let you know until after the new hour.
Actually, I had the hidden camcorder and the thing in here.
This morning when Greg Reed was in here, we're going to be playing the audio of the half-hour I spent with Greg Reed in a little bit.
Which my favorite part is when we keep going over and over again and spinning around like a dreidel and heat.
5 and by the way, he said he wouldn't buy that stuff either.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Viro B.
Hello, Neil.
Hi, I'm John.
It's Mike Vernon or Jason Kidd starting tonight in golf.
Jason Kidd.
Who's Jason Kidd?
Jason Kidd.
Goal for the Panthers.
Jason Kidd.
You get traded?
Never heard of him.
What about Paul Vell Burry?
Is he starting for the Panthers tonight?
What do you mean is he's starting?
He's got a bad ankle, right?
He's playing.
All right.
Ray Whitney.
Who's Jason Kidd?
In other words, you want to go down the whole roster?
Is that what you want to do?
Sir, all the names?
Is that your idea of a hockey conversation?
You want me to tell you everybody is going to be playing putting Trevor Kidd or Mike Vernon?
Which Mike Vernon will be playing?
Oh, Trevor Kidd.
Yeah.
That's okay.
Close.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you could play 5667 Play Dead.
5667, the audience already is doing it.
Why should I do it?
5667, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line.
How's that Jason Kidd doing, huh?
He's almost as good as that Peter Warwick guy.
Do these people know their craft?
No.
Like I said before, there was absolutely...
I mean, from a selfish standpoint, I know this sounds ridiculous,
but I'm just being objective for one moment.
There is no reason why this town should have a hockey team.
None.
Absolutely none.
And the $200 million that were spent to build that beautiful arena there in sunrise,
there were kids going to school in Port Apatis in Broward County.
I mean, just just a thought.
I mean, just happened to be the truth.
From a selfish standpoint, it's beautiful place.
It's close to my house.
I get free tickets, free parking.
I love going there.
Usually, I have a pretty good time.
So selfishly, it's great.
But did we need it?
No.
No.
Doesn't make any sense?
No.
More and more and more stadiums and armenas and venues for billionaires.
Got to stop.
It's got to stop.
Is it going to stop?
Got to stop with John Henry.
And of course, when you look at little pucks like him, it's easy to say no to him.
Do you know what I'm saying?
You look at him and you say, oh, who the hell are you kidding?
I won't give you 50 cents.
Especially for the crap you're peddling.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, look at us.
Here's Tom Hopkins on the line.
Tom, how you doing?
Hey.
Yeah.
I just, uh, speaking of veins.
Isn't this Tom Hopkins who once said...
He's a decriminalized plot.
Yeah.
He's still Florida.
Exactly the same way.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I was speaking of venues.
I couldn't get at you yesterday when you were doing the Katie Kirk, Colomoscopy business.
Yeah.
How did her...
Back home.
Look.
She...
I actually sat on C-SPAN and watched this last night as she went through this.
You sat on C-SPAN more, she sat none.
A very comfy chair.
Anyhow, the reason I mentioned this after the today's show this morning, you can get a video cassette of the whole thing.
All right.
Wow.
Now listen, you know, I can just sit there at home and fast forward and free slam and slom all.
And peer into Kathy Katie Kirk.
Correct him.
For hours at a time.
That's your thing.
But finally, I would say to you that there is a service to it because you know, I've had two of these.
Two of cancer operations.
Right.
And anybody...
Anybody who doesn't do it once a year is a fool.
Yeah, I did it a few weeks ago.
I mean, it's a must.
And you know, the I grew up cancers like a dandy.
Spud wanted me to have them vinaled and fell in his jewelry.
But anyhow, they're all at booze time.
Yeah, that could be too.
Anyway, finally, they give you fabulous drugs.
Yeah.
So you can just lay there and my doctor, Flip, when he saw all those green things in me and I thought, hey, this is cool.
Yeah.
Must be done.
Why do you have a bunch of polyps and whatever?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I still got four positive nodes.
But I'm getting remissions than what?
Six years?
Yeah, four nodes.
Yeah.
And why don't they take them out?
Because they're not... they're just dormant.
They will if they get to it.
You know, I just said it.
I want you to do in sigmoids now.
And that's... I only got a quarter inch left.
But that's not good, though.
That's more painful than the coloscopy.
Because you're...
Oh, sigmoids?
Yeah.
I don't like that.
No, no, no, no.
And they get real sadistic with that thing, too.
They start like...
Because they see the look on your face.
Like, oh, he can't...
And he starts pushing a little deeper and a little further.
Yeah, and then he's got...
He always has a new nurse and he wants to show them the staples and stuff.
And boy, is that pleasant?
But having said all that, it's better than the option.
That's true.
And the poor soul, I'm sorry she lost her husband.
He's kind of a dumb...
No, listen, I'm delighted.
I think she's doing a wonderful thing and bringing some awareness.
But just because you make people aware, doesn't mean you have to look inside her.
Correct.
I just... I don't understand.
I don't get it.
No, they could have gone to hospital and done anybody.
Right.
Yeah.
But it's there and don't bother them.
See, Stan, they'll repeat it all weekend. It's still dollars-hale.
Okay.
Thanks, Tom.
Adios.
Tom Hopkins, one of the great news people ever worked in this market.
Florida sucks.
That's what he says.
400 open lines to prove it.
It's been getting a lot of diminishing return each and every day.
And the only people we hear from mainly are people over the age of 100.
If there's anybody out there under the age of 100,
we'd love to hear from you right now just to say something.
Just to let us know you're still alive.
Are they going to call?
No.
Don't forget our poll question, by the way, on neo-rangers.com today.
A little listener survey again.
This one could be the most important question we've asked so far.
What show do you listen to in the morning?
What radio show?
Howard Stern, Paul Castronova, Y100, Power 96.
Rick and Sput, the first team, other.
There are seven choices on there.
Can you handle that many?
Huh?
No.
Give it your best shot.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
Fred Grimm's got another good comment.
And I'm just calling Fred.
Fred Grimm, he makes a lot of sense.
Even though he writes with a hero.
The rise and fall are really Logan, just like I've been saying on the show.
So everything I read in the newspaper basically turns out to be stuff that I was saying the week before,
a month before, six years before, whether it's about the hazing and all those other crap.
Whether it's about Willie Logan, that turn coach Bartzer, that was supporting Jeff Bush,
because he got all pissed off and been on the shape.
So like a pixel in the show, he went over to the Bush people,
and now they're having that big protest because they want their affirmative action,
which the answer by the way is, no.
They're nevertheless.
And so now Willie Logan, he's up to its creek.
Nice going there, Willie.
Because your people, they see what happens when you got an uncle Tom in the cabin, okay?
And they kick your ass out of the cabin.
You're out in the cold now.
You're on your own, Willie.
Very sad.
Like Jews for Hitler, Fags for Jerry Falwell, same business.
Sparkes for Roger Bush.
I warned you then.
I'll warn you again now.
Same thing.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not going to bore you with other Jimmy and Danny question or anything.
Thank God.
You know, the hockey also, I, I, I, I, I, you ever heard that joke, um,
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Anya, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Um, I just wanted to present the subject.
You said the generation X's.
Yeah, I just went to crack.
And I said the whole concept of labeling generations with a name like that.
It's stupid.
It's idiot.
Exactly what I wanted to.
Because because the concept is based around the notion that if you were born in a certain year,
or a certain decade, therefore you automatically fit into a mold, which is, which is ludicrous on the face of it.
I agree where you were born has got a hell of a lot more to do with it than what year you were born in.
Yeah, that's definitely true.
But I mean, everybody goes to the stage where they, if you want to label, they're considered generation X's.
Everyone from the age of 15 to about maybe 20.
You're going to a stage where you really don't care about anything by yourself.
And I mean, that's why you have to be between 15 and 20 to fit into that category.
There's plenty of people between 55 and 65 in that category.
There's people between, down here, there's people between 80 and 200 to fit in that category.
There's some people who stay stuck in that category.
Me, I'm 20 years old.
I love you.
I do have to have a category though.
Well, but I can't explain that one.
I'm not going to say it's a side of you or anything like that.
Just open up the window and yell, don't label me, you assholes.
Just delete me the hell alone.
Well, I mean, there are always exceptions to every rule.
I mean, how long do you see you were?
I'm 20 years old.
Here's a young man who's 20 years old who's still listening to this show.
God bless America.
Thank God for you, sir.
Well, 20 years old, I consider myself a good part of this community.
I do a lot of work community.
I do over 100 something hours of community service a year through the flamingo kewani's in Halea.
I mean, you have to get you have to get situated.
You have to have goals.
You have to do this.
Otherwise, you are going to get labeled a generation.
Extra.
Yeah, fortunately.
And you know, that's basically the point.
And it's not just me.
I know a couple of my friends that are productive members of this community.
Do they go to the show?
Of course they do.
Oh, so there's two more are listening right now.
Oh, I'm a human now.
You see?
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
I keep up the good work.
God bless you.
There's a young there's a guy.
There's a human being who actually has a conscience.
He's doing some good stuff.
He cares about other people.
He's not selfish.
He's like a living and breathing person.
Hallelujah.
You see, you have to keep plugging away, baby.
You just have to keep plugging away.
Is what you have to keep doing.
And sooner or later you struck them out the load.
You hit on the living and breathing person.
And of course, when you're down here, shame when you're going to say that when you're down here like that asshole.
I called me yesterday.
I was thinking about that.
I had a lot of work this morning.
The guy that was giving me a lecture.
They like giving me lectures because they don't like my attitude.
So we got these assholes.
They love giving me a lecture.
They want to always tell me about, oh, you know, there's a lot of other places you could be.
There are a lot worse than here.
Now, that's always a very high recommendation for a place.
It's to say, oh, you could be a lot of places worse than here.
Isn't that a great recommendation?
Like if you were in Polkipsi.
And you said, God, it's pretty boring.
Yeah, but there's a lot of places you could be worse than here.
If you weren't Calcutta, that would be somebody would say, oh, there's a lot of places you could be worse than here.
There's places that are a lot worse than here.
And if I'm in Calcutta, I'm going to say, like where?
And they'd say Miami.
And I'd say, yeah, you've got to point about that.
I love the people with their little lectures.
Oh, it's boring.
It's not boring.
It's a goddamn truth.
And if you're an emotional cripple and you can't handle the truth, well, that's for you.
Okay, sir.
What I call yesterday.
Made a bad mistake yesterday for just a brief moment there.
I actually left them start bothering me.
It's never ever going to happen again.
Just take the check and run to the bank.
Just keep plunge it in there.
Just keep stocking it away.
Just keep laughing right up your, uh, rectum nose.
The beeslees.
Oh, gee, don't drive our stock price down.
Well, how about doing something to drive it up?
Like being a bunch of real broadcasters?
Is that ever going to happen?
No.
I didn't think so.
And how's that phone system coming by the way?
We ever get any more information on that, George?
No.
It's a little 57.
Maybe they can't get it in the box.
This problem of the phone isn't probably too big to stick in our box.
That's a problem, common problem in America.
If it's too big, you can't stick it in the box.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560s.
She has had...
WC-LAM!
My head is going to fail!
She's not lipstick on his face,
and she drives her safe his legs with her bleed.
As she's come closer to her heels
and a dreadback over a pill she's got a weed.
She's a lady, you did it!
Who the hell would you drive her to?
She's a lady, you did it!
Taxes around like a lady, you did it!
She's a guy, she's a guy!
When she does the top,
very much, she counts too much like thousands of them.
I've never owned a deal to this.
And around and forty thousand.
That's like having all the facts.
I've never owned a shower.
Then you'd back like a princess like
a woman feeling the heat.
So they share.
A woman's heat can't juice.
From two hundred thousand juice.
Such a blazer.
It's a brother and a woman.
And he's losing it to hold her back on her.
Who's a lady, you did it?
Oh, who's a lady?
Who's a lady?
Who's a lady?
Who's a lady?
Who's a lady?
Couple three and five, six, and a half, and two days.
We had any calls about the election.
I'm not going to be serious.
I just called about this other than that guy who couldn't.
Who was just a gasp that I wasn't for John McCain.
See, all these politically naive, especially the younger politically naive,
who wouldn't know what God damn ballot of you stuck in there.
Correct them.
They just don't understand.
How could he not be for John McCain?
It's like that spartan ran Amsterdam.
Oh, you don't want to name my crack cocaine?
Why not?
As long as I live, I'll never forget that.
I mean, you start to get irritated because he's following me down the street.
Not interested, I yell, so I'm told it is.
Why not?
Why not?
Just like the beastlies.
You want them in my stock?
No. Why not?
Because you people suck.
Because we hate you people like poison.
Because we don't want to lose our ass.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's right.
The people in this building, they are pissed off at me because I'm telling the truth.
They're pissed off because they got snowed in, baby.
Even in Montreal, they never got snowed in like this.
A snow job.
Everybody wants a blow job, but nobody wants a snow job.
Pathetic.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Yes?
We in the 80s and 100.
And that poor bastard I called earlier, he wouldn't know Trevor Kid from Trevor Linden.
I'm not that put there.
I kept giving him the opportunity.
I did everything but draw him a roll.
I got a cup of tea to try to point out to him that he was saying the wrong name there.
And he still would, he could still be on the phone.
And he wouldn't know Trevor Kid from Trevor Linden from Linden, New Jersey.
He's busy thinking about last night when Jason Kid who looked at us on the heat.
He plays for the Phoenix.
I know who he is.
Yeah, you see them more.
But he looks better than Trevor Kid.
Well, but anyway.
Regarding your rather short poll.
Yeah.
There's one show that's probably should be somewhere besides the other category that he kind of left off.
What is that?
Bob and Tom.
No, but it's only in Pompato Beach.
Can they hear that?
It's not enough of our people can hear that.
I think when I mention I mentioned that to George.
No, no.
I want to get to Bob Howard Boulevard.
It starts to come in.
Yeah, at least in the car.
Yeah.
Well, maybe next time.
I don't want to.
Don't give me wrong.
I love Bob and Tom.
They're great.
They are great.
They're great.
We're on the force that we can't get them in date.
They got Howard beat by a million miles.
I'll guarantee you that.
At least.
And in closing.
Yes, sir.
Bloodloads.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pompato, 60.
No, the only thing that's amusing about that is he listens to Bob and Tom.
And he said, Bloodloads.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Maybe that's why they got that point to George listens to Rick and Suds in the morning.
How do you like that?
We want them to feel good over there.
Okay.
He listens to a Rick and Sud.
I love this show.
There you go.
Now, the other guy he's seeing, Bloodloads, he listens to Bob and Tom.
So at least he's, you know, trying to get you excited.
Now what my pain.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I'm going to tell you if we don't start seeing some serious action on his phone.
I mean, right now we're playing the tape of yesterday's Marlon game all over again.
And I'm not joking about that.
Do we have it?
We got it.
That's hilarious.
Yeah, we got it around.
Okay, it's around and around.
It's about this big.
God, this is just every 24 years I've been doing this and every now and then you're brought into a brick wall.
And it's just like, well, we don't care.
We're out here, but we're not talking to you.
Okay, Fatso?
We got nothing to say.
Call up Jason Kid.
Man, these people are brutal.
If we had a woman today, Jesus Christ, even an old bag like me, never had no woman today.
Not one.
Now I take that back.
The first caller was a lady.
He's a lady.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
The out of town line is Dennis and Dornell.
That's the one thing I finally, we had a threat to taking the court, but nevertheless the one thing we finally got into is putting it out of town line at line 9.
Pull free line.
Fort Myers, West Palm Beach, Sarasota, Riviera Beach, all these guys, they have highfalutin places loaded with goyam like you.
And are they calling on it?
No.
Because they have nothing to say.
And here it's stupid Tuesday.
That's the best part of the whole deal.
Oh, you're wounded deal when you went away from topics.
The more I think about, how could I get upset at that facts?
You know, I must be, I must be losing it.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Must be the pressure.
I'll come back from out of town and you get off that plane Sunday night and walk into that jetway and that humidity hitting me in the push.
And I said, oh, no, here I am again.
877-785-6345.
If we don't have a call from Fort Myers and the next 30 seconds, what we're going to do is we're going to split.
We'll stay and do a my show here in Miami, but we'll feed the tape yesterday's Marlon game over to Fort Myers again.
How do you like that?
30 seconds in counting.
877-785-6345.
22 seconds.
So I haven't only on a West Coast, they must love the Marlon because we got 20 seconds in counting to get one call on that guy.
They had a tool for you line that we're paying for it.
877-785-6345.
Marlon's line.
Hello.
Yeah, okay.
Like I said, 10 seconds.
877-785-6345.
Oh, that was Bruce Beasley, by the way.
Nice hearing from you, Bruce.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Please don't play the Marlon.
Are you in Fort Myers?
Yes, sir.
I'm on a mobile.
Boy, you just, you have no idea how close you came to hearing Marlon game again.
I can't do it.
I mean, you saved all the Fort Myers by about two seconds.
It's bad enough we got the twins going over here now.
Oh, we got the training.
The Marlon's in the twins, that's about equal.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
And thank you, I'll be hanging out.
All 10 of our listeners over there in Fort Myers and the West Coast.
Why should they be any different than anybody else?
It's that woodpecker.
That's what's doing it.
If it else got to cranked up as loud as it'll go.
Can you hear it?
Listen.
Ehhhh.
That's it.
He's got to crank to the limits.
The woodpecker.
And it's just vibrating like sugar shockers.
It's vibrating right around in your brain.
And that's why all these people are doing this ever and driving out there and just acting real
weirder than usual around here.
It's the woodpecker.
Uh-huh.
If it else done it, that son of a bitch, that bearded prick.
Oh, the market's down to 16.
Oh, that's bad.
Alan Greenspan.
Now falls at the Hess-de-Fed Sherman Greenspan.
He wants to slow down or else.
How do you like that?
He wants your money to be worth crap.
Alan Frickin Greenspan.
Why do we hate him?
Uh-huh.
Or what?
I am so.
And then of course gas prices may hit record.
Because our good friends, the Kuwaitis and the Saudis, those goddamn laundry heads that we always help out.
Every time they're desperate, they turn to us.
We go and bail them out.
And what do they do?
They stick it right in our record.
Yeah.
I'd be dropping weapons on.
I'd be on the phone right now giving them a deadline.
Just like I didn't four minors there.
I'd be giving them a deadline.
You got to feel free this afternoon, Eastern daylight time to get off the goddamn crapper, okay?
And to get your old peck people together until I'm the price of oil, cuts in a half from $32 a barrel to $16 a barrel from a $70 a gallon to a guy damn like a bucket gallon like he used to be.
Not that long ago.
You grave robbing laundry heads you.
That's what I would be doing if I was your president.
I'd be on a phone right now giving an alternator, cut the crap, especially you Kuwaitis over there.
With your billions and billions of dollars living their out-damn life or Riley.
And how's Junior doing by the way?
Don't be laughing. That's very serious business.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Good-bye, Florida.
See, my smile and laughing.
While lady's a Florida tradition of apathy when you face a game too well.
Next season will be hell.
Thanks to that quality batter.
Winding out how he lost his lunch money so he gave you up like a thousand debt from the spa.
And now you're all gonna live after what you've achieved through their world series race.
The flagship valence will be called Cheat Double A again.
The beat counter is so fair no matter how hard you try.
I'd like to see way cuz it's too much time.
Jump off this wallet and die.
All right.
Good-bye, Florida team.
A darn good thing that you played in day-towny causing rower day-task along again.
And when the panthers come,
Squirt, Squirt,
I wouldn't piece up strong if I'd thank them up.
Should they ever win the Stanley Cup?
And now you're all gonna live after what you've achieved through your world series race.
So it's like you're real,
We'll be talking double A again.
The beat counter is so fair no matter how hard you try.
I'd like to see way cuz it's too much time.
Jump off this wallet and die.
Oh!
From 17 to 56.
Hey John Henry, by the way, we'll pack your sandwich.
Here's a fact from Jason who says,
Dear Neil, I've listened to your show for about two years of 19 years old,
asking for your support on a matter of education here in Dave County.
Our wonderful government here in Florida wants to take away adult vocation and education
from the DCPS and hand programs over to MIMI Dave.
Here's the problem. MIMI Dave does not have a facility to handle 80,000 people
who are currently in the DCPS program.
I'm currently in an aviation program at George T Baker Aviation School.
Yesterday I found out that as a July 1st, all programs are canceled.
In my case or the case of the students at George T Baker, MIMI Dave wouldn't have the aviation program
for three to five years from now.
Therefore delaying my career in the career is a 435 other students at the school.
Not only does this affect us at the school, but the other programs such as Automotive Repair,
AC Repair, Electrical Repair, etc.
I would like to ask for your support over the year ways, maybe we can create an uproar in this community.
And get some support from the people who are out of their inner graves dead.
Please support us by writing letters or email to our government.
See the problem I just mentioned is you've got to give me something more specific.
Somebody they can write to.
Letters or email to our government saying that we're all in favor of local voting on this matter instead of the state vote
beside this doesn't affect anybody other than the Dave County.
I'd like to ask you for the people who listen to your program that have received an education
from the vocational educational programs and Dave.
To please support the right of the poor to receive an education to become productive members of this community.
I thank you 300 times for your support.
At least we won't, we want education instead of a handout.
Okay Jason, give me names, give me numbers, give me something.
Okay. And also.
Let me trust you.
So here's our first result on today's poll.
I told you this is going to be very interesting.
This is going to make him feel a little bit better.
54-8th floor to the right.
I mean.
We're asking what radio show do you listen to in the morning assuming of course they listen to this show every day of your life?
You're better.
Howard's during 29, we got 88 votes so far because we started this very late.
88 votes.
Howard 29 is 33 percent.
Other is in second place with 26.
See we must have left somebody out.
I can't list every guy at the station.
We got 60,000 stations.
Who did I leave out?
I don't know his Tom's or still on.
What white people did we leave out?
But the interesting part of this is behind Howard and other.
Guess what is with 17 votes on 88.
Guess what is his clue.
I looked up.
Rikin's suds with 17.
I like that.
So you guys got a bogus book.
Okay, Rick and Sputth.
Let me tell you that right now.
You guys got screwed.
You took a big foot in the last book with a point to my ass.
The first team.
Nine.
Almost forgot about them.
Nine out of 88.
That's 10.2 percent.
So that means 90 percent of the people listed this show.
Don't listen to the first team.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Wow.
Now what you call a great crossover isn't.
Paul and Ron.
Six.
Now.
Please tell these people to stop.
Stop calling me.
Calling and telling me what they listen.
Wait, no, we don't want you to do that.
George doesn't care.
This is a pull on the internet.
Don't you understand the difference between.
Doing our pull on daily on the net, which is a lot of fun.
And we're getting tremendous reason.
I only wish we got the response on the phone.
We're getting on the internet.
It's a lot easier to pick up the phone and call than it is to go and turn on your guy.
Although, by the way, the road runner is great today.
No, when it works, I'm going to tell you that thing smokes.
It just smokes.
What I'm talking about.
That's right.
You hook it up to your bon and it's a mahaya.
You hook it up to your dog.
Your bon.
And you're smoking.
Squirt, squirt.
Oh, seriously, that's just unbelievable.
When there's nobody on there, which this morning there definitely wasn't because I,
you don't even finish typing in the URL.
It's already got even if you don't want it yet.
It's on there.
But anyway, so we got 88 votes.
Powered by Paul and Ron.
So you interrupted me with that bon crap yours again.
What a bad weed.
Paul and Ron with six.
Wouldn't you have thought they would have had more than that.
Who you asking?
You.
That's your show.
No.
That cast your Nova.
And what's wrong with young Ron?
That was sarcasm.
The way you said it.
You see, you're trying to cover your tracks.
Now you said that seriously.
You're telling a liar.
Who?
Unch it.
Ron.
Young Ron.
Old Ron.
Dum Ron.
I listen to my good friends, Rick and Suds.
Religiously.
Do you?
Yes.
Well, I've had a lot of other people do too, but nobody knows about it.
It's a goddamn secret.
How do you like that?
Keep pushing that fluid.
Anyway, power 961.
I don't like the way that sounds, but keep pushing that fluid.
It's kind of like chopped off at the end there.
You know what I'm saying?
I like it better when he said, I looked up Hainey's.
And why 100 is God?
How do you like that?
For the youth, pathetic old fossil.
You, huh?
They got a big fat.
Oh!
None.
Zero.
Of course, they got only teenagers.
Do we have any teenagers listening to the show?
Uh-huh.
You know, I was looking through the spring 99, because it just happened to be sitting there.
A lot of them was lying there waiting for the least game to get over, and hope that they won, which they did.
And I was looking through the spring 99 Arbatron book.
And for some reason, teenagers in that book, we had like a six, so a six or seven shared.
The rest of the station had none.
And we had this big in the spring.
But supposedly these punks are in school.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
Of course, the good thing is Beasley is on the NASDAQ and the NASDAQ is up 53 points.
Maybe Eric or somebody will fax this immediately the latest quote on BBGI on the Beasley stock.
And we can keep you updated right here.
If you go to nearigers.com, by the way, Eric does an excellent job of keeping you up today with our company stock right there on our website.
To make sure you can watch that little arrow going down and watch that line.
Throughout the, oh, I'm sorry, I shouldn't say that.
The one to get the hired hands here real upset about that stock now that the quiet period to see my quiet period is long since been over about the fact that these people won't provide us with a phone system that won't work.
And if it's Bell South problem, sue their F&S and get a real phone company in here and put a real phone system in.
If not rocket science, that's how you do business to these people know how you do business.
They only know how you do monkey business.
How's that golf tournament coming by the way?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, we must elect somebody out because Howard is number one, but other is number two.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
I know I'm sorry. It took so long to call for four miles, but my voice has messed up.
I can still call.
Yeah.
13 and an eighth.
What is it?
13 and an eighth.
13 and eighth. Not too good.
Sounds like it's going down a little bit. Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to let you know that I'm alive in Fort Myers.
Yes.
Just barely.
Well, it sounds like it sounds like there weren't you down over there.
Yes, but I was able to call. Where's everybody?
I don't know. They're just a new thing now.
They're not into calling anymore.
I've heard a lot of them on a rough and camp.
Otherwise, you promised you would have called.
Yeah, that's okay.
All right. You have a good day.
You have a good day.
I hope you get out of their alive.
Me too.
Okay.
Don't be going over to Tampa, baby.
And especially don't be driving by that goddamn mind's
Venus over there.
Whatever the hell it is because they'll come and take your ass away.
They're getting just as bad.
See the one thing about Tampa that you can always depend on on you.
Straight guys out there is that they're all these great strip clubs over in Tampa.
Right?
You bet.
And now I guess taking a cue from over here.
Maybe from Bobby Butterworth and Tellahansi or Ken Jenny and Broward or some other right wing redneck Yahoo.
They decided even the redneck's over there can't go to the strip clubs.
Get a lap dance.
Oh, God forbid.
God forbid because they got the lap police.
The a pleasure police.
The asshole police.
That's America for you.
If you want to have a good time, we got police to make sure you can't.
If you want a gun, go right ahead.
Or somebody's brains out.
That's okay.
Because it's like apple pie and Chevrolet and a market is down to two hundred and fifty eight points.
The Dow drop in like a box rock.
We want to have like a regular feature on the show the beast stock watch.
What do you say 13 and eighth?
I think is what you're saying 13 and one eighth not too good.
Especially with an Azdaq up about 50 points.
13 and one eighth and you see I'm going to take the blame for that.
You see you already drove it down a little bit this morning because he's making those cost it comments.
I've been making cost it comments since before the day offering.
I can't get my own guy named investments to go up by talking about it on the year.
I'm going to get the beast stock to go up or down you people over there.
You're looking for a scapegoat.
That's what you're looking for.
You know, they were famous because they used to run around looking for a billy goat.
Now they're looking for a skate goat.
You go used to run away though because he said they smelt too bad.
Twenty six past noon and five sixty WQA.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinky.
I'm still in peace for daddy's AC.
Martin High School.
I go to grandma's house and I'm glad it's four and two three.
She's watching me roll over to the TV.
Grandma has got it in a season.
Don't leave her poor.
She's looking at me.
The children have not smelt me.
Grandma has thirty four.
When mom goes to far she needs to stay tidy.
Get dressed after night.
Mommy has to do as younger than me.
My uncle's birthday was at the Tiki-Kiss.
His mommy gets lucky and brings someone home.
I sleep on the floor.
I assume you're the brothers.
I sleep on the floor.
Grandma has thirty five.
No, thirty one and five sixty WQA.
I'm the dowler's down to a hundred and fifty nine points.
There you go Alan Greenspan.
Here's all our money.
You're disgusting.
You would have big nose.
Here's all our money.
Just take it.
Here you go.
Here's another fifty.
Here's another thousand.
There you go.
Piece of crap.
Now you're happy.
Happy yet?
No.
No.
Now they'll still go ahead and crank interest rates of another quarter of a point.
And then another quarter of a point.
They will be satisfied till we're all broke.
And after work for these great robbers,
tell them 120 years old because of this piece of crap.
By the way, Jason who sent me that facts before about this so-called Unification Act.
See, he actually comes through.
Most people they send you saw in a dance like that and they don't give you any information.
So we faxes me the name of the people in the Senate Committee on Commerce,
the Economic Opportunity and Telehancey and the Senate Committee on Education.
The name of the address is the full numbers, the email, the shoe size.
And we'll put them on our website.
We'll put them on theorages.com.
We'll get these to Eric later on in this afternoon or tomorrow they'll be on there.
And then people who are equally miffed and pissed off can do something about it.
Thanks a lot, Jason.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of townlines open 877-785-6345.
Let's hear from that Jason kid.
Here's the lady in Margate.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, ma'am.
I hope I'm not one of those chronic callers.
But yesterday I had something I wanted to talk to you about.
Out in San Jose, this was a minor fender vendor.
Yeah.
The guy cut this woman off and she couldn't help but touch his, you know, the rear end of his car.
Touched her, and yeah.
Yeah, and he got ticked off.
He got out of the car, came over to her car.
Unfortunately, she had the window rolled down.
He took out her dog and threw it in the road.
Nice.
Her 10-year-old dog.
Oh, my God.
Very nice.
So there's a $40,000 reward for the truck driver out in California.
I truck driver.
Yeah, he was a truck driver.
Trucker.
Yeah.
That broke my heart because I like dogs.
They ought to take that guy and stick his ass out in the road.
I'm a free one.
He was a cute little dog too.
He's a nice, nice.
Now, what do you have?
I was listening to the news and they said the school administrators were caught off guard today in Dave County.
573 school bus drivers didn't show up for work because they wanted to go protest, which is one Florida plan.
So they left all these kids stranded.
So in other words, all these sparses took off and left the kids right because they want to go protest the one up here.
Yeah, so there's kids out there.
One mother's said her daughter was out there for an hour waiting for the bus.
That's 30% of the drivers.
Yeah, but you know something.
Take a look at this.
Look how much safe for those kids were this morning.
Oh, that's true.
Have you ever walked the way that these school bus drivers down here drive?
It's frightening.
Terrifying.
So you think they're safer, huh?
Maybe that was a good thing then.
Exactly. Maybe they got to play hooky.
Maybe they're all listening today.
Oh, I thought it was very responsible, but to say the least.
To say the least.
I'd say fire their ass right now.
I just want to make note that it was a...
It's going to be the southernmost and northernmost parts of Dave County that are affected.
The most affected the most by what?
By these kids being stranded.
Yeah.
Isn't that in those sections?
It was only in Dave County.
Yeah, they said Dave.
Well, what's wrong with Broward?
I guess they're not protesting.
We got plenty of dark school bus drivers in Broward.
I mean, they're actually did their duty.
Oh, of course you're right.
It's Dave County.
They're used to acting like that.
Yeah, I can't believe it.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
How do you like that?
How about your school drivers?
Because they're all pissed off and taken off.
She always wonder about people around these protests.
Now, we didn't know about the yellow tooth assholes that were down there sitting around at house.
They'll put the fence up because it was no longer politically correct for them to be there.
And so they had a protest a lot.
By the way, how's that Maris Laces bitch doing, huh?
They must have stuck up bicycle pump in her...
Correct.
Where she's ballooning up like Kelly Craig.
Sorry, Kelly.
We love you anyway.
That's all.
Now, she's nice.
And she's nice.
Kelly Craig.
She's okay.
We love Kelly Craig.
She's one of the very few friends we still have on TV.
At least you used to have her as a friend until I said she was fat.
Well, she had a baby.
A lot of women have a baby and they balloon up.
Okay, they get fat.
And then they got to go on a skatecans or something like that.
Who else have we got that we like?
We used to have John Dutspeck.
Since he retired, Channel 4 has been more with the crap.
We got Bob Soakor over there.
He's our good buddy.
A Channel 4.
A Barbara Sloan.
We had one.
The guy mentioned Barbara the other day.
We love Barbara.
After you, Barbara Sloan, we love you sweetheart.
I mean, she was no cackling jackass like Angela Ray.
And then that...
That investor led jerk.
Terry Jackson that writes that part time TV column at the hero yesterday.
All of a sudden he forgets all about Oprah.
Forgets the real reasons why Channel 4 and he says,
Well, Angela Ray this.
And then Angela raised a hyena.
She's a simple then.
She's a certifiable person.
She belongs in a straight jacket.
There are times when she starts going off and I think,
wait a minute, she's going to be doing like a female Howard Beal routine here.
Seriously, she's off her rocker that bitch.
Angela Ray.
Waaah, waaah, waaah, waaah.
Man.
No, she's scary.
She didn't scared Brian Rorcross back to within two inches of the ground.
Maybe one toe I get.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, I left out the other weather furry.
Bill, come on.
Good buddy of ours.
Any good buddy of ours?
No.
How about Brian Andrews?
How did, uh, I never heard any more about his, uh, family.
Had that horrible accident in Mexico that car crash.
Went down in the bank and there's something like that.
He's okay.
He may, I mean, sure he tried to molest the animal up.
But he's, he's okay.
Huh?
In his own annoying way, our colleague Brian Andrews, we wish him the best.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
He's gone.
24 minutes stay.
Hold on.
Well, it's too long.
You're right.
I wouldn't have held on either.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
Let's try Miami on seven.
I bet they're there.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
See, I knew it.
Oh, no, I'm on hold.
I'm here.
Gimp up in bed.
Really?
I've been in the suppose for two weeks.
You don't know how much I love you guys.
What happened to you?
I'm going to be here.
Oh, my leg blew up.
I lost my leg.
You blew up?
It blew up.
It exploded.
Land line.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
Anyways, I was calling to let you know.
Yeah.
I've been listening to you for, I don't know, 10, 2015.
I don't even remember it.
I'm going to go by so slow.
I know.
I have no idea, anyway.
Remember that's all I got.
I'm here.
You're not at all.
I'm not.
I don't even have a reason to call.
Yeah.
I'm just bored off my ass.
I don't blame you.
And first of all, you're in Miami.
Even if your leg didn't blow up and you were ready, you'd still be bored.
And I'm watching TV.
And let me tell you, if it wasn't for your four hours in the day, I would have killed myself weeks ago.
I believe you.
Well, what made your leg blow up?
I mean, no, no, no, I had a knee injury.
Oh, I see.
Like a sports injury.
Yeah, something like that.
Like at the bathhouse or something.
Like it would like it to happen.
Like it's like a sudden fall at the Bishop's house.
At the P.D. holes, what is it?
Anyways, they keep on Empire.
They keep on Empire.
They keep on Empire.
On the shore, it's not a sports show.
What is it?
Is the evil empire, they're turning back the tide on the evil empire?
Okay, listen.
One more thing.
One more thing.
There are animals anyway, so let them lose their souls.
Okay.
Just take your hand off it.
Maybe the swelling will go down.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18-T wireless lines.
Those painkillers in.
I know.
He's a, he's in good shape.
He kind of made the same comment that Greg read made this morning when he came in and said,
Oh, I love what he says that.
It gives me goosebumps.
I get all kinds of tingles in my rectum.
Every time Greg says,
21 before noon before one before whatever the hell it is Eastern daylight time here at Qiong.
We got Hank Goldberg at two.
We got Boogshobby at six.
We got the pregame in the festivities.
The Panthers are watching it.
That's not any interest.
No capitals.
Biggest game of the year.
6 30 that pregame.
The game at seven o'clock from the MCI center.
Maybe even the Washington Bullets will show up.
They're not playing basketball.
No more since they made him change their name.
And then we got Eddie Kaye, rhymes with GA after the hockey game.
The hammer.
Think Goldberg.
It's lost you jagged off freaking more.
I hate you.
And I hope you die.
I was so excited I felt like I was getting a lap dance from Diane Lane.
2 to 6 right here.
Force radio 560 Q AF.
Don and Mike blow.
Oh.
Build the cars in Monica, so China.
She lets out a gig.
When he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and her for China she don't mind.
All right.
Well, you don't know where the stocky goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and door.
And then I can saw the turn seat or back.
Mean saw her naked.
Stars report you need to go in blind.
Now, please, he was working hard late nights in the overrear fence.
Working on a practical joke.
It took him like a noodle for an exploding.
Loading for Monica was flowing rings the smoke.
Build the cars in Monica, so China.
She lets out a gig.
Every time he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Now, please, he says it was a good job.
47 at 560 WQ a.m. Boy that pole is smoking along. We got 169 votes already
What radio show do you listen to in the morning Howard's number one 51 30% 30% of our audience listens to Howard in the morning
Which that's no surprise isn't no and now what's how we're talking about retiring is capturing ends this spring and how it's gonna retire maybe from radio?
What well you can be a shrug of the shoulders these people are gonna be pissed off
They like lesbian didn't boobs okay, and they like lesbian who can't see them on the radio well
You got a good a little bit of imagination
And how about eating a carrot out of your rectum okay other so Howard's got 51
Other 44 are we somewhere we missed a boat on this with other people were calling about
the station that used to be she
Mega mix this whatever well that they don't have a morning show that you know and like maybe magic
That's not a show just music see it to put music shows in here is pointless. Oh, what about kiss?
Rick and sud 36 so other is 44 Rick and sud 36 21.3% that's pretty good if you ask me
The worst team 23 13.6% coming up a little bit just a little bit not too much
Paul and Ron
It's thought that I was stubborn so have 11 at 6.5%
Why 102 and power 96 have got appeared to
A2 so there you go 169 votes so a hop aboard the oranges calm nothing is smoking man
That's that's where the action is oh and I speak of that speaking of where the action is
George came up with a sensational idea
About doing like on the days when we have Marlon's baseball. Oh, yeah, that was no, it's a good idea
Well, I forget about to both the safer tomorrow the one about doing the church of
I'm
And ricking in a bunch of bucks on the internet sure you can you can start your own religion
You can get a certificate which George has already done, but he's small potatoes, but at any rate
So what we're going to do is hook up our computer in here and
Continue broadcasting out of this studio like up until two o'clock or maybe beyond that on days when the Marlon's play
So like next Monday and Wednesday when the Marlon game comes on at 12.50. You can go to your
Computer if you're not already listing on the internet and you can hook it up and hook it up and the will continue broadcasting only it will only be on the internet
So at that point we'll have to censor any language and we can say whatever the F we want and the colors could say whatever the F they wanted
Right and we could also play on
Expercated versions of some of the comedy bits without all the
Weeping crap in there. I'm getting excited. Just thinking about it. I'm getting almost firm thinking about it. How do you like that?
So there's something we're working on alright. I think that's a really good idea in fact if that works out good
We may just kiss this place goodbye and do the whole show on the internet
We'll get a real sales guy like Peter Leonard to sell the show
Oh, I'm sorry
It was a joke five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty not the part about doing the thing on the internet about Peter Leonard a joke
He's just a little too hyper for my taste out of town line is open eight seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
Here's Pember Pine. Hello hello Neil. Yes, sir
It's it's interesting it seems like sometimes when you get angry that you're you're
Or at least you sound like you're angry at times you're you're you're getting funnier and funnier
I know and it works really good. There's a word. There's a word that comes to mind. You know what that word is survival
That's right. You got to survive so you got to laugh at it. There's no lack of stimulus. Obviously there that's for sure
Just wanted to mention to you that one reason that the Dow's down so bad. Yes, it that proctoring gambled
The Dow was down about 60 points just after the opening and now they're done 250
Yeah, then PNG came on and lost 30 point 27 points
Wow, and what happened? Can we drop the soap? What happened with that?
What that? Why would happen with proctoring gambling reported bad earnings? They reported that they're going to have
Poor growth top line growth and bottom line growth throughout
2001. Why is that people are stopping?
They did this they did this month ago and then then they got involved in something else and people forgot about it
They gave a warning or a warning's warning
Oh, anyway, I'm glad to hear also about the stadium
One thing that everybody on the radio
Doesn't take into account what is that it is the fact that with the 300 million dollar project right every reverent
Every every
Legislator every aspirant to be a legislator every aspirant right will have tons of dough right
I mean the graph is so phenomenal. Right. It's not gonna happen though
Don't don't even don't lose one moment of sleep. There is no chance. I'm not losing the chances are none and very much less than none
And your friend bitch you called last week keys for he's really right about
How I change the theory can do a lot for your attitude
And and you tell it every time you come back the
The problem is coming back as you say yeah the coming about the culture shock are coming back here
Even if you're going just for the weekend, but hang in there just a bit more
A cervic today and I think that your dreams may come true. Okay. All right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. He talking about those bees. These again. Yeah grave robbers scumbags losers
Anything else?
Out of town line is open 877
785 6345 see I don't know that number. So if I have to keep looking at it, what's the chance that they know is there any chance at all? No, it's a bad number
Anybody out there ever get a bad number
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
Any old yes, sir
About bush green span and gasoline you know controls these Republicans all these big money men and their corporations know they hate
What is green span what is green span have to do with Republicans? Well, don't you know why they're raising interest rates
What do you think folk are did it to do a carter?
So green span is a Republican now is that what you're saying he's manipulated by the Republican
He's manipulated by the Republican party just like the gasoline price saw they can have
How come the economy has been so great for the last eight years?
So great because we have Democrats and yeah, Republicans hate the Democrats
So if that was the case then why didn't he manipulate it so that the public opinion would have already turned against Clinton?
Against Clinton. That's when they try to unpeach them. Never. Okay
Whoo
5 6705 60 pound 560 you know something I know New York has got a lot of people in there, but they're still space
There's still room. You know what you know I'm talking about there is still some room in New York
Out of town line is open 877 785 6345 877 785 6345 what's 150 250 points? Okay?
What's a big deal just because this asshole wants us all to lose all our money in our stock
He wants the value to go down. He's threatening. He's but he's playing big book boss now Alan green span
What is big nose and was real ugly glasses he wears and that bald head
How much he paints his bald spot?
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey Neil
Regarding this change over from sports ship from a sports channel to Fox Network
You know how they didn't show that the the Ranger game on set one set one Saturday night against St. Louis
Yeah, because he was on the SPN 2 nobody had not everybody has SPN 2
I know that big did that one other time this year too. I hate that you know
Sports channel used to do that with with us also. Yeah, they did that one time earlier this year. They left a big game off
Right, you know this this is really bad, you know and TCI that I carry over my house like, you know, they they already start to begin with
You know, we have to whenever these games are shown in the SPN 2 we can watch them. Yeah
Well, just like to leave that message. Well, let me just give you two words small dish
Okay, okay, that's my answer for a small dish. You won't miss any of the games. Okay
You'll get MSG even if you don't want in your food you'll get it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line or struggling along here again. We're trying to make it come back
We try to bring the audience back to life
I have to take a deep breath inhale come on with me do the little Jane fine to work out pretend you're in Hanoi
Pretend you're at the Hanoi Hilton with the John McCain
It's stupid Tuesday, baby and the market is taking a big crap down to a 55 point
Wonder how that beastly stock is doing. So maybe if I mentioned enough
It'll keep it right at the forefront there in your mind
Say beastly one second and sell like the next day, and I wonder if Joe Castell sold his yet
We wait until it gets to 14. He's waiting
1256 and 56 WQAM
But heads it's a one to two hour
I
Sweet I did the craziest thing I knew the open
And then I hit the street to go check out my stuff and we'll pass in one
Black guy stand in on the corner
I said to him a stop and your blood what's going down
Look at me as if I was some kind of
You
Do
A
I'm not a boss, I'm a boss.
As a laser, I thought I was dying.
Someone called the paramedic.
I do do.
Then another dude said,
Man, you pathetic, honky-pool.
Do you believe on it again?
It will be this and you.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
How do you like it?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
That's you.
Don't like it, Jacoboos.
Jacoboos.
I hope you don't like it.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
Now how do you like it, Jacoboos?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
You don't like it, Jacoboos.
Jacoboos.
I hope you don't like it, Jacoboos.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
We're at a down 284th point.
What that boss is taking a precipitous drop today.
It's bad, bad, bad.
102 at 5.60 W.K.Y.M.
Here's a fact from our friend Scott and Boston,
who says what a great idea.
He says I almost came in my pants when I heard your idea
about broadcasting on the Internet only.
I may just have to call so I can say the effort on the air.
There you go.
Scott and Boston.
Scott and F.U.T.T.
How do you like that?
It is a great idea, George.
Give all the credits, George.
Give the money to me.
I need it bad for my early retirement plan this week.
Fine.
So if anybody out there thinks that's a good idea,
would like to hear us do like some stuff on the Internet.
Because we're already working.
I'm going to buy the computer myself.
We're already working.
Because if I'm going to wait for these people,
I'll wait till hell freezes over.
When you want to get it done, do it yourself.
5.6705.60,
pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
I mean, it's your beach, Marlon Games, don't it?
You bet.
For the overwhelming majority.
Oh, it's picking a Marlon Games.
You know, I will be getting my Marlon season tickets very soon.
From WQA.M.
And those parking passes for every home game.
And since we didn't have like not all that many,
but about 15% of the audience that listen to the Marlon Games,
we must have some Marlon fans out there,
a few minutes audience.
Not too many of you.
Just a hint.
I'm not saying I'm going to give those tickets away on the air
because there's like a whole season full 81 home games.
But here's the mobile in four-lotter day.
Hello.
Uncle Neil, you two stay together.
And back to you.
I want to tell you something.
I took your advice about getting a little dish.
Yeah.
I am a happy guy.
Took my instrument to erect it up there on the roof
and I've had a small one my puts ever since.
There you go.
Boy, let me tell you this.
Oh, my God.
Look up at it and jam it up the rest.
It was after I hit my life.
Anyway, thanks one.
Anyway, hey, I cannot wait to hear you on the Internet.
Just like in Coffin say,
would that be the biggest throw on my life?
You're going to have to be great on the air.
Keep that in mind.
Happy Tuesday.
Thanks.
And there's a happy canvaries all excited about actually doing a show
which would be phenomenal.
Because the FCC doesn't regulate,
thank God at least not yet.
And hopefully we never will.
The language or whatever else,
the content on the Internet.
So we can go on there and really talk like adults like human beings
Instead of having like pose and posture for everybody with a hand over one ear because we don't want to offend the children because we sure don't want them to hear
Schmidt on the radio
How about Mike Schmidt used to play third base for the Phillies took all that crap all that Schmidt from the fans up there those brutal Philadelphia fans they suck
How many how do you like to have a dime for every dollar for every name his time his name was mentioned on a radio and TV
Mike Schmidt they said it over and over again here come Schmidt
There goes Schmidt what a play by Schmidt
You assholes up there at the FCC. I can't wait for this opportunity
Just the idea that there will actually be people listening which we can do sitting right here in this studio just like we are now with the same piece of crap phone
And actually do a little I'm I realize we can't compete with the marlins you know, yeah
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Mobile and four-letter deal
Is look what look at that look at that here's our first witness take a look at the screen there you just walked in look at line three
What color is it
It'd be black maybe that's because I just played jiggaboo there
So seriously please don't let me try another line before you dump all these colors because now we got almost every line on the board lit up
I'm finally in a really a way like maybe make it a little bit of a comeback here
You think no at least I'm deluding myself
There you go again lady mobile. I can't put around the air because the line comes up black and
You and you would like me to go on the air Greg read you in the water beasley
Would like me to go on the air and pretend that this is a real broadcasting company that you're real broadcast is that you
Have got any kind of a clue here. We are we're like three quarters of the way through the show
Just when you think you've got things going and now George's got to hang up on everybody
Reboot the phone system over again and hope that this time it comes back may succumb back
Just when you least expect it just out of nowhere
Everything turns to Schmidt like I said a minute ago
It's a fucking endurance contest. That's what this place is this isn't a broadcast place. It's not a radio station
It's an effing endurance contest. I can't wait till that first day on the internet
Man you think you're hearing stuff now just wait you want to hear the good stuff
You want to hear somebody really unload what he feels inside about a bunch of assholes like these
That's right F&A baby F you and A
Oh, but though we've been trying and it's on the way Greg you're a moron man
You're an imbecile you're a simpleton you're an idiot
Stand there with a straight look on that stupid pussy his and try to try to defend this two and a half years without
I mean if that's the business
I mean if supposedly doing a goddamn poncho and I got my highest rated show in this goddamn studio here
The one thing I'm gonna make goddamn sure is I get a phone system in here that works
And if it's the system itself, I'm gonna get that straight now if it's the phone company
I'm gonna stick my foot up there ass or give him a lawsuit to straighten them out
I'm gonna do something besides walk around a building with the same stupid look on his face going
All the time
Here's a lady mobile inform iris who called back. Thank you. Hello. Hi. I'm glad I called back because I wanted to make a comment about the internet poll
being the other category. Uh-huh. Could Don I miss a decent in that category? Maybe okay?
I love it. I didn't have any category for dead people though. No, no
That's too bad because there's probably a lot of them calling it. I'm talking about the Don I miss well. Yeah, I understand that
But I'm glad I got a chance to call and tell you what I thought I got dumped the first time
So I've been officially dumped on by new owners. I'm sorry about that. That's okay. Don't blame me blame the beesleys, okay?
We were listening to the greedy beesley bastard station over here in Fort Myers. Well, you have our condolences
Thank you very much. Thanks for the art. I'll put it in onward. All right
Upward in inward. That's what they say at the beesleys back down upward and inward as far as you can stick it
5 6 7 0 5 60. You know what you can do with that beesleys stock, don't you?
Yeah, right
You can wipe your big fat pimple with it
8 minutes after 1 at 5 60 WQM 5 6 7 and see here we are start like starting over again
They just don't get it. They pretend they don't get it. They don't want to get it
We want a phone system in here that works period not some of the time not part of the time
But all the goddamn time 95% of the time would be an acceptable vending average for phone systems
You people at home would don't even do your business out of the house
But just have your regular residential phone if your phone wasn't working like 70-80% of the time when you put up with it
When you tunnel ready when you sit still for you
And this is supposed to be our livelihood and I'm supposed to go on the year and not to get too critical of the one of beesleys in his bogus stock offering of theirs
If they gave it to me for 50 cents a year, you know what my answer would be no keep it
Eat it bite it
I'm gonna check the one of QAM. I've got two sets of lips
Yeah
Yes, they tell you about the way
You can take your broadsays
It's a lot of what the cards are saying
This is not the way
Hey
I
did
Yes
And
Go
Five, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five
six yes, yes, yes yes, yes, yes, yes, yes yes, yes, yes, yes yes yes, yes, yes yes yes yes yes yes
All right, 115 is 560 WM.
Also boring kind of a pounding, some suggestions.
How to kill some spare time.
There's a good idea for you.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line.
He's supposed to look like they're working again for the moment.
Mark it down.
877, 785, 6349.
That's going to be the title of my book, Surviving the Wano Beasley.
Assuming of course that it happens.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, I got it.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to have to victim with that last phone, though.
Sorry.
I mean, I ask you a question.
Does anybody want to know your ratings over the Internet?
How do you do that?
I don't know.
I mean, it's just a question.
I guarantee you, just by what you're saying here, I mean, words are going to get around.
And you will be huge.
Something like opening, we just cracked open the door.
Since I've been working for this company, especially in a closet for the last three years,
and now it's like cracking open the door a little bit and giving me an opportunity to branch out to living in breathing places.
You can put them out of business, man.
What you're going out of that station, that whole station is going down the toilet.
Exactly.
And anyway, man, once you do this, you've done it all.
And I'm definitely going to spread the word.
And I hope you guys go pull through with it.
Okay.
Take care.
Spread it fast.
Yeah.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
He's spreading it, baby.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Maybe after we hear that last bit, it kind of inspired him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 9.
We got a couple of 20 or 30 open lines here for you, which looks really strange here.
Doesn't it?
It's peculiar.
Not that I'm paranoid about this phone.
Am I not at all?
I have full confidence in this instrument.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
And I've been getting double calls and stuff, but I finally got you.
Well, thank you for persevering.
Aim.
I'm from Hamtrae, Michigan.
Hamtrae, yes, sir.
Here's a Polish gentleman.
There you go.
You got it.
There's a lot of bowling and where's White Sox.
Exactly.
Right.
Listen.
How's Dick Purton doing, by the way?
Fine.
His wife's in there, too.
She's doing some broadcast.
Just raised a lot of money for cheer there.
She's like three quarters of a million dollars.
Right.
Great, Dick.
Good old Dick.
He's the best.
As the best is right.
And Detroit.
Listen.
Yeah, it's right.
Listen.
The bus thing, the bus strike got to me.
Yeah.
You know, doesn't that piss you off?
I'm the guy that called and you asked me, you like blacks?
And I said no.
Right.
And you paused.
I don't know whether...
Well, no, that was an honest answer.
Well, it is.
You know, I don't like them.
Look at that.
I thought something about porch monkeys.
I thought that was doing it a little bit too far, but...
Well, that too, whatever.
Yeah, I'm just sick and tired of them.
You know, I'm one of them said they got their hands out all the time.
Yeah.
Anyway, the bus strike.
Here they are.
Preventing kids from going to school, going to school, right?
Mm-hmm.
Did you read the article the other day?
You must have.
About the black family.
The car went in the lake or something.
No.
And the two girls or a girl from that family ran to a phone.
They called 911.
Yeah.
911 down here.
The 911 operator couldn't understand.
Well, yeah, I did.
I did this, see that.
And see, read it.
I saw it on TV.
Yeah.
Couldn't understand.
Right.
She didn't know what she was saying.
Right.
And two brothers drowned.
Right.
And that's something.
And you know, they get this kind of...
They kind of bite themselves in a butt.
You know, this thing.
I hope the legislators don't back down.
And just give everything to them.
They're not going to back down.
Are you out of your mind?
Well, I hope not.
The answer is no.
No mode.
That's it.
Because you got to understand it's a move point.
Yeah.
Because if they do do that, the other guy's going to get this affirmative action thing on a ballot anyway.
Right.
And he's still might get it on there.
And the public is going to overwhelmingly say, no affirmative action.
There's no chance.
Amen.
Let me take a quick story and miss you again.
Yes, sir.
Way back.
They passed the law.
The government said all schools, the funded by the federal government, has to get 10% black-end.
Yeah.
And they're enrollment.
You know what?
They couldn't find 10% of them.
So you know what they did?
They just took anybody.
There was black to meet this criteria said by the federal government.
I mean, you know what happens with those people and some of the others that they push in because they're black?
They flunk out there.
I'm afraid everybody stand up on it.
You know, there was a guy that called, I'm trying to think of what show it was I was listening to.
And he was saying about, maybe it was when George was on when I was going to the airport on Friday.
About why, you know, if we vote on affirmative action, then, you know, people that are, or maybe he called me, I guess, I'm trying to forget it.
People are still prejudiced so that even if you're qualified, there's nothing to force them to hire you.
Well, how that's never going to end?
That's never going to end.
I mean, how long do we keep doing that until we finally say, hey, guess what?
You have to take your chances and compete with everybody else based on your ability to set up and so on.
Have a nice day, sir.
And stay off the porch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
No more affirmative action.
If you can qualify, you can compete.
If you can come in here and do a better job, it's yours.
Okay.
There you go. It's handed over to you.
Like General Manager, which I'm sure you probably can.
If you've got an IQ larger than your thumbnail, you could be the General Manager here, especially if your wife's got a lot of cash.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good day, Neil, sir.
Good day.
Hey, this is an idea. It's unbelievable. You've blown my mind.
I would listen to you sleeping for eight hours on the Internet before I would listen to one playoff game for the Marlins.
More or less an exhibition game?
A right.
A break.
Exhibition.
Marlins.
No one is listening. No one is there. No one cares.
Right.
But Neil Rogers on the air. God. Damn it.
Exactly. God. Damn it.
See you, Neil.
Thanks.
So, do we find there? What did this guy? What was his point? You know, it was trying to make.
Damn it. Yeah.
I was just fumbling around for that. Nice going, Todd.
By the way, Rick and Todd, they got naughty and chugged there.
We got still a lot of cross over there.
You know, something I, we blew it.
I should because the Phil comes out at nine. They feel Henry tape.
Nine to 10. Well, it's all part of the same thing.
36 out of 169.
21% are listening over there.
So they still do have a number.
I'm just saying that so that they don't want to get in the shaft from that God damn backstabbing Peter Bulger, who's just hovering over everybody's shoulder being the God damn assassin that he is.
The Vulture waiting to chew on everybody else's God damn bone.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello.
Eel. Yes, sir. Hey, who do you think will win the Super Bowl next year?
Haha.
Oh, that was one of the beastlies again.
Huh? Hey, I noticed your stock went down again losers.
877-785-6345.
877-785-Neal.
As in KN.
Here's the mobile and Cooper city. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir.
And good afternoon to you. Well, thank you.
Top of the radio.
Happy 10 days before St. Patrick's Day to you.
What's happy to have learning to you that happy eight days before I'd to march today?
Shimupin.
Two things. First of all, this idea about going to the Internet.
I've never even had a computer. I don't know how to turn one on.
But if you do this, I am going to go to school. I will learn how to reduce your career.
You don't have to go to school to learn to run a computer.
Well, it's intimidating in me.
No, hey, listen, I'm about as inept as anybody when it comes to something like that.
And I can do it to just find out with my road runner.
So it's not a big complicated.
No, I can. Okay. Second of all, talking about your subject yesterday about, you know, you leaving the air.
I think that. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
About my leaving the air. That was my subject yesterday.
Well, part of your subject.
No, no, wait a minute.
All I think right there was calling saying don't leave me.
Yeah, and I don't know where that came from.
All I did was I talked about Greg Reed having this in name lunch with my lawyer and coming up with this cockam me proposal of extending my contract a year or two.
With the notion that well, he'll do that.
If I'll be willing to do that, he'll build me a studio with 10 and Toronto and one in Amsterdam.
A Pinellas guy fantasy and all I did was say.
The five or two. No, there's no chance.
I'm going to work for these great.
I'll be lucky to survive what I got left on this contract much less extending in a year or two.
I didn't say anything about leaving.
And because these people are so insecure.
Oh, gee, don't leave.
Who the hell's going anywhere? I need the money, baby. I'm not going anywhere.
Right. Well, that's what I'm not pointing once is that first of all, it's a job.
Everybody needs a job.
Right.
It's more than just the Roger show.
It's a form where people can get on an expressive use in a market that has nothing.
Well, a man can come on and say just about anything within certain guidelines to say what he thinks.
Yeah.
All these other radio stations screen you.
There's nobody that says what do you think about this and let you talk?
Right.
And I still have to say they're a big for calls every day.
How do you like that?
You have to back.
That's a bad thing.
That's a bad thing.
You have to clap in the face to me.
They can talk about any goddamn thing out of the sun unless it's normally boring.
And they say basically whatever they want unless there's a four-letter word nearer a spine or a attack.
And they say, they don't call.
Isn't this what it's about being able to say three airwaves?
You got a guy that tells it like it is?
Yeah, well, they're about to put things on.
Not sure what it's time.
Not what is politically correct.
But all the time, even in these.
Right.
Schmidt.
All right.
Even if it may not be.
Okay, go wipe yourself off.
All right.
Come now.
Well, he just had a little accident there.
That's going to be our poll question maybe next month one day.
Would you rather be a Zidhead or a Schmidthead?
So you want to be great on the internet.
We won't have to make up these silly little words and like children.
We have to behave like little infant because we don't want to upset the FCC.
And they just decide this is a bad word.
And little kids might hear it.
And somebody said, it's on the air.
Okay, mad at that.
Yeah.
That's for you.
Okay.
FCC.
Up yours.
You're a bunch of old-star G. Fuddy guys living in the goddamn stony.
You got little kids going out shooting each other.
It's full, which you're not doing a goddamn thing about.
Because the NRA owns the whole goddamn government.
But if we say a word on here, then the word police.
Have to come after us and find us just to make sure we don't have to do it again.
But once we get on the internet, you know what?
That's my message to you.
Okay.
A big fat smelly oily is my message to the FCC.
But you're Nazi.
The word Nazis.
That's what they are.
You know what I'm saying?
Word fascists.
26 after 1 to 5, 60 WQ.
And by the way, our next office poll we're taking up is which is going to get here first.
That computer that we're buying that I'm paying for by the way.
That Eric is going to help us get wholesale.
We hope that computer or the phone system.
You think it's going to be close?
No.
Knip and tuck?
No.
You get a lot of things.
You're a riser, riser, riser, sports, whole radio.
WQ.
A.M.
R.K.
R.K.
Where's you off to?
To the status quo.
As a pro and a coward.
Bother of the over-saleshing, I give it crap.
I want to be your real mind one day.
I hear that sort of road so great whiteway.
I want more exotic food.
Eat.
And from the street vendor to Seville potato thing.
Caucasian horse.
Strength craft force.
I like arvents more.
What for?
I want a divorce.
I want all of New York.
I want all of the things I give.
I want all of the things I give.
Oh, right.
132 at 5.50 WQM.
Wow, wow, wow, the dollar is down.
337 points.
How do you like that?
335 points even right now.
The Nasdaq still up 28 and a half.
But that won't last second or last?
No.
No.
Sure doesn't look too promising for some stocks.
Of course, it's only one day.
I mean, you just sit tight and wait and wait.
And wait for Green Spend Open his mouth again.
And then another precipitous drop.
This is something like New and exciting the way he's doing this.
Now he's threatening.
He's like bullying everybody.
You better certainly get that goddamn most prices down.
Or I'm going to like raise interest rates like 15%.
Like now by myself.
5.60.
Instead of worrying about that crap.
Just get the price of gas down.
Everybody will be just fine.
Just drop a couple of nuclear weapons over there in the Middle East.
Everything will be okay.
Or maybe we'll just go in and take over Venezuela.
They got a lot of problems down there.
They got a lot of oil.
Let's just go in there and take it over.
What do you say?
Huh?
This weekend.
What?
One rubble full of Marines?
5.60.
5.60.
Maybe Ilihan could leave the charge to Caracas.
Or you know who else could go back to Caracas?
Oh, that's right.
He ain't here no more.
5.60.
5.60.
0.5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe he could take OJ down there with Emma Shetty.
Clean that place out.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, ma'am?
Great.
Yeah, I just wanted to let you know basically I'm listening to you on the Internet right now.
Yes, sir.
You're doing it through WKM.
Right.
Sitting in Hollywood, I can't get you on anything.
I've tried all kinds of radios.
Doesn't work.
In Hollywood, you can't pick us up on your radio?
Not indoors.
Huh.
Oh, my car is fine.
Won't that be great on the Internet where you don't have to worry about reception?
Yeah, that's what I'm working on right now.
I'm just listening through WKM.
You know how that got started?
It was actually a Miami Cuban who started that.
Right.
And he started broadcast.com.
Well, thank God for him.
He's got all these radios patients together on the Internet.
You can listen to anything.
Nice going, Julio.
And yeah, his last name is actually Cuban.
And he sold it to Yahoo for about like $4 billion.
Not bad.
He moved to Dallas and bought the Dallas Mavericks.
Long me $60.
I hired our friend Rodman over there.
Right.
He's the American Dream now.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
See you.
Okay, there's a guy who's listening on the Internet right now in Hollywood.
Because we got a crappy signal.
We're on a crappy AM radio station.
But on the Internet, do you have to worry about signal?
No.
Do you have to worry about interference from the Goddamn phone line?
No.
No.
I think we just struck the mother load if you asked me.
I think, yeah, I think we're out of here.
$56.705.60.
Pond five.
Yeah, sure.
Why the hell should we give them all the Goddamn profits?
Like 70% of it.
You know what I'm saying?
Screw them.
And then we'll just undercut the price.
Whatever they sell the spot, we'll just undercut them.
We'll do like Tom Green.
We'll do undercutters.
$56.705.60.
Pond five.60 on the AT.
Plus our salespeople you won't have to deal with like Peter Leonard and the fat boy.
That's where we'll get real salespeople.
Like Scott Schwartz.
We'll get all Jews in there.
We don't know how to sell something.
Here's Westchester.
Hello.
Hey, hi.
Yes, sir.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
I'm a big fan.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I've been trying to, you know trying to protect some sort of issue.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I think he missed it.
He missed it.
$56.705.60.
Pond 568.0506.
Pond 568.000.
Radio with a crackling and puking in the wind of rains and say you know, oh no, no never
But I'll tell you will you will be take off you will be unbelievable popular on the internet be the biggest guy
Dan thinks into the six million dollar man. I'll tell you that since we just filled them
Well, you're developing a cult here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin really?
Internet my office thinks you're great and Jeffrey Dumber was a big fan too, but I guess it's too late now
Yeah, he's gone now, but you know nothing I listen to Phil every night right at home
I log in to him and do work at home. I listen to Phil. It's a great. Are you sure? Uh-huh
Yes, I am sure see the thing is by by doing the survey
I'm doing it and see they're rick and sud still have so many people and of course Phil is part of that morning thing
There's still a tremendous tie in the between see the problem I have on this radio station is there no connection between this show and the rest of this radio station
I'm like an island. Yeah, you know, I'm saying I don't think you'd want to be included with the rest of the class
Exactly and have a great day. Thanks, Dale and don't drink too much beer. Well, not sure
And say hi to oh clear say how to clear
Oh
560 on the AT&T line you see you have to recreate yourself
I've done it about 50 million times in his time you just have to keep recreating because if you wait for like Norma
Can't like a book of Brian was just asking me what kind of a moron it is I got for a lawyer and I said a real good one
A real good moron
So talk him you're not syndicated everybody in America wants your show on their station and how come this company that owns a stupid
Fuddy-duddy talk station in Philadelphia where I was almost tired two times on fn though as wwdb
Can you imagine how big this show would be in Philadelphia and
In Boston they just bought that make believe radio station up there with living and breathing people that we have people listening on the internet up there in Boston
Like my good friend Scott Marcus who just came in his pants. How about that?
See so if you sit back any way for them to do something for you all they do is you all while if you'll sign a contract
The work 20 more years for us will get you a pup tent in cottage country north at Toronto and you go up there and watch the maple leaves play
Yeah, I got a cottage for you right in in your back. Don't god. Who the hell are you kid and Greg you simple goose?
He's a silly goose is what he is
If you look up the term silly goose you'll see his picture right next to it
Making sounds like
Quiet the silly goose that's the sound of the silly goose makes by the way just like
Like that
22 before one at five fifty WQ see and now ordinarily see now I'm getting prepared mentally to go home
But if we could stand up three o'clock all the time we could just use line nine how many how many calls you had to take it one time
And can you imagine how many people would want to call to say uh
On the on the on the year. We're not really on the year on the radio, but on the internet can you imagine how many then you wouldn't have to beg for calls
Then you have the whole world you've been getting calls from Michigan and from Amsterdam and from east suck attached New York
All of it a goddamn place
Instead of sitting here. Wow. We got 42 lines open in date and 15 and bowored and six and pond beach and a phone don't work anyway
That's another thing if the phone don't work effort screw it
We'll just get on air. We'll tell all kinds of they're we bring Jeff Cohen in here
Want to hear some dirty stories?
You want to hear some worth we'll bring out glow up to you then we don't have to sit on the edge of my chair with my finger on a dump button here all the time
Feed him a few meals
21 before two at five sixty double to QA and feel Rogers got
Have you been down on your knees praying for a quick easy way to lose those unwanted pounds
Believe me. I know the feeling. Hi. I'm Monica Lewinsky for the Craig Jenny diet
When you go on the Craig Jenny diet, you'll find out you can open wide and still lose weight
It's easy just eat a sensible high protein diet rich in seafood like tuna and bloat fish
And unlike other diets with Craig Jenny you can swallow everything you eat
No more spitting up and gagging on your food
With Craig Jenny you're never hungry because you're always eating your favorite foods with no guilt
Take it from me. Don't blow it
Call Craig Jenny today and find out how you can lose weight and still fit into your favorite dress
Go to the Craig Jenny office nearest you today and tell them Monica told you to come
You're about to know uh, she tried that a little carpet and that didn't go over to big now. She's got that winded out spit it out deal
145 at five sixty double to QM we got 260 votes already on our goddamn uh website on our pool today
This pool is taken off even Peter North ever saw pool take off like this one did you pee in court?
Anyway, 260 votes Howard's got 81 the question is what radio show deals into in the morning
Howard with 81 that's 31% other 63
And well they're not covers a lot of ground like what would say they might be one or two with I'mus you think there's one or two
Uh-huh one Ricken suds 54 20.7% of our audience listen to Ricken's spot and that one hour full tape
I guess in the morning how do you like that the worst team pretty weak
36 13.8%
You talk about a really marginal marginal turnover
13.8%
Huh
Coming in even way behind other
The worst let's see a Ron and Paul old Ron and young Paul you've got 27% while 100 with three and power 96 with three 20 and 60 votes already
Very very interesting fascinating sensational
Not bad
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line. We got a toll-free line for you
We're gonna turn the car. We're gonna like reinvent our whole lives now
Thanks to George's brain storm for which he gets nothing
567 05 60 pound well in a little bit of the uh whatever we squeeze out of this thing
We'll squeeze some out and by the way. How about those key chains? Hey, let's get those things going
We're gonna come up all kinds of graph now screw screw this place
We've already found out very clearly this place is willing to do
Squad for us nothing
Everything is quid pro cro any and the thing that makes it even worse is what are they done so far?
And they put the phone system in and they given us equipment as a state of the art studio
Oh, state of the art
Give me a break you silly person you
Here's a mobile in Miami
Hey
What is it?
Thank you
567 05 60 what timing that was beautiful nice going to you. Thank you
Like I said a phone system from the hell and they're walking around
Lidlidlidlid like that
Let me say it again b b g i rhymes with don't buy
Beasley broadcasting stock you'd have to be a fool you'd have to be an imbecile
To latch on to this guy dims sink and ship
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line out of town line line 9
877 785 63 45
55
Here's a mobile in tempered pine. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay. I'm just gonna be bg. I stock you know why because I'm so on it short
Just let that thing just hang on down. Yeah, that's the way to do it
But you know on your poll yesterday first off on your poll yesterday. We're talking about the Marlin thing
I voted yes because the reason is I listened to five minutes and I fall asleep at night. There you go
So that's the reason I listen to the other reason one of the yes votes was bogus
Well, you know
Well, I listened for five minutes. I mean yeah, but uh on today's thing
I'm assistant even on anymore in the morning so I don't know what that lady was talking about. Here he is
Not on not down here. He's on in
Somewhere well. He's not on down here. They got a new guy on that thing on the other end of the dial
Yeah, so there's somebody I'm assistant on the more and down here anymore
So I don't know what she's gonna be on somewhere down here. Is it me? No, when a dead man leaves here
How would you know the difference? That's probably why she can't tell that that's what I'm maybe she's dead too
Maybe so uh, but uh just want to say it loving you and I think those three votes for uh from
Y100 yeah, we're footing in the and the chicks with Dix. Okay. Oh thanks. Yeah
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line
Whole bunch of open lines here. We still got 11 minutes to go
We're starting to feel a little bit you for it pretty excited here where it's like see because that's where it's at
This this crackly old AM radio crap. This is uh, this is from the Stone Age
Yeah, that's right. This would be like uh, you know cooking dinner with a goddamn canister. No, that's what this is the equivalent of the the futures on the internet. That's where it's at
Let's uh like Chris Moore would say that check as hot hot dog half a board or whatever. He used to say hop on this record. Yeah, whatever he was talking about
That's where it's at
Let's get with it and just say
You people okay you do whatever you want you be please you just good luck to you because you're clueless
Hopeless
Here's a mobile and camera. Hello
Yeah, I know yes, sir. Yeah, I just quote. I didn't get the volume with your happy anniversary. So first happy anniversary
Thank um, go dancers and uh, okay great. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. So uh
Yeah, no, yes, sir
Uh, I think you'll enjoy this newest homeless organization scam
The uh, you know those homeless people that they sell a newspaper's under corn and try to beg a dollar from you
Well, how many of those are homeless people? No, they're not
homeless people. No, they're not the ones selling the newspaper. They're not homeless. No, no, not the Miami Herald one
The ones that they were trying to get the money and then they had to take the plastic buckets and hand you a leaflet
I don't know who they are. Well, I mean, anyway, they're walking around now. There's a zillion people with plastic buckets and when I see a plastic bucket
I say
Walking around today now with the homeless herald it looks just like Miami Herald. Yeah, in your t-shirts they give them
But instead of it saying hometown herald it says the homeless herald
Around
I want to see what the heralds gonna do
And what is it? What does it say inside? What is it to consist of?
It say they were they were trying to get my money
Where they're selling some of the good locations of the 95
It's just things about helping
homeless shelters and all that belong to they tried to get money for free for pembert pines
told them they had to give something back for the money. Yeah, but they made up these little two-page
knee-plates
And now they're walking around but the greatest thing I'm coming home from work
And I see them on a corn is with these orange shirts and instead of it saying hometown herald
They're orange and it's like an orange is yellow
Yeah, and it says
Homeless herald how come the word how come the word frog comes to my immediately to me?
That's the first thing I thought yeah, and these guys when they had trouble with pembert pines before
Yeah, they said no this is legitimate because it's old jt
For these homeless people
Given them on the job training we're showing them what it's like to be put out the street for eight hours
And to make money. I bet you I've reached the reading materials a lot better than the real herald
Okay, thanks for the warning sir
Just say no to the homeless herald
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t line out of town line wide open here, baby
877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 we're just hours away from the biggest game in the history of the god damn path is maybe you're out non-playoff game
Tonight at Washington like life and death
Anybody on the station talking about it? Oh, they're talking about Danny Danny Danny Danny Danny turn sideways
Yes, no, maybe upside down Danny
It's a disease if I hear one more goddamn freaking word about Danny. I'm gonna like
Just got over Danny's goddamn nice $500 suit
8 minutes before two at 5 50 QA
Welcome to another edition of inside life with
Drayspan nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Dre. Yo, what do you have to say about your admirers?
Who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball
I don't know what I've been told but the big-legged woman ain't got no thought what's your take on over and under and under of the
Over of the underwear. I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman ain't got no no
And what's your take on those rumors lying around that year articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots
And they say you're getting close to sign and that contract. I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman
They got no toll tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children
Helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told
But a big-legged woman ain't got no toll
We'll be back with more
Inside lifeless portholes
All right, okay 158. We're almost out of time here today getting all ready for that pants again today
No, I didn't think so
Here's pepper pine. Hello
Here's a mobile invoke hello
Neil how are you? Okay, I know you're getting ready closed
But I just want to tell you one thing you are the best thing that ever happened to radio and one of these days
I know I'm gonna see you nationally syndicated. Is something like that? Yes, I am. Yeah
I hope that they come. I mean is that something is in your hands or in somebody else to pick it up? It's in nobody's hands
I hope
