Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 5667 0560 toll free for date and gravity or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Have opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
This is Brad Headykin and your listening to South Florida's hockey authority, Neil Rogers.
They've been around as long as Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir and those guys.
They've just done things differently.
They're the ungrateful dead with a new live album called Sit Down and Shut Up.
Here's the title track.
Hey, put singing along with every song.
We don't need your help. Just sit out and shut up.
20 years of the ungrateful dead at their best. Live.
Why do you stoop to people following us everywhere?
We play the same shit every night. Get a live. Get a record player.
Call now and get this never before released bonus track.
Security. Call these jerks out.
Live out and shut up. New from the ungrateful dead.
We change the big money. Not the cater to youth.
10 out of 205 60 WQAM.
What a great night at the Macarena last night.
How are you, buddy? Happy?
It goes, Ranger, people. Too bad.
What did I tell you?
You should go with me, man. I'm the money expert. Am I the money expert?
No, nothing about it.
But what did I tell you?
Five, two final score yesterday. Was it five to two?
No.
No, but it was three nothing.
Isn't three nothing the same as five to two?
A three goal victory? Not the same?
Yeah, only three nothing is better because it's a shout out for the great Mike Burnett.
Nice going there, Mike.
And a pretty good crown last night to 17,000 in the Samad. 17,000, 747.
Not too bad for us.
Anyway, here on the front page of the newspaper, let's resolve this.
Yeah, let's take care of business right off the bat before we get on the other good stuff.
Holocaust. German asks Israel to forgive.
No.
German president Johannes Rao adjusts his Yamaha Wednesday.
Yeah, he's wearing a beanie.
During a visit to the Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem, Rao on a six day visit to the Middle East also address Israel's parliament asking lawmakers to forgive his nation for the Holocaust.
No, no, the answer is no.
Do we forgive? No, no.
It's a beautiful country though, Germany.
In fact, I wish I were there right now.
I wish I were in Cologne, having one of those bratwursts or in Berlin on the Kudan.
The Kuh First in down.
It's a beautiful country.
In fact, I also would love to see Frankfurt and Hamburg and Munich.
Munich.
They're in Munich on it right now over there.
But do we forgive? No.
No, you're still a bunch of Nazis.
And of course, the Austrians forget about them altogether.
So we had a very interesting nightlife.
About 50 million different people came by to see me, including some stock market people, which I appreciate.
I got their business cards.
I had my meeting yesterday with my stock guy who basically said.
Yeah, that's basically what he said.
And I'm sure he'd bought a beat, but a boot, but a bout.
Yes, screw this really what he said in those words.
And when I walked out of there, he assumes that I'm very happy.
Am I very happy? No.
No, but there's nothing I can do about it.
And then I had one guy in the elder, not elderly, but like a middle-aged guy comes up to me who sat on the board of the New York Stock Exchange.
He says for 17 years something like that.
And it gave me a little lecture.
It's a very nice man, but he lectured me and he was right.
Because when it comes to, I mean, most people when it comes to finance were more on.
Most people know nothing about options and, you know, long and short.
I know short, long, I don't know.
Seriously, most people know little or nothing about the stock market about investing, about anything having to do with money with finance.
So I, and I'm not one of these people who comes on here and, and brags and makes up stories about what a genius I'm.
And oh, I made this in this mark.
And, you know, somebody feel like people are going to the track.
I don't want to mention any names, but we have some people on the station who never, ever lose at the track.
You know, I'm saying every time they go to the track, oh, I had a big killing every time they make their illegal bets on ball games.
Oh, I had a great day.
They never lose.
I've never met such a person in my life, ever.
And I've been going to the track for 40 years.
Never met anybody who wins all the time.
In fact, I never met anybody who wins consistently.
I mean, like on a regular basis at the track or in the stock market or anything else.
I'm sure that such creatures must exist out there.
I've just never met them.
And I think that most people have had this stuff like that.
They're compulsive liars.
It's an ego thing.
See, if I tell you, oh, gee, look how much smarter I am than you because I want to, I want 20 grand at the track.
I hit the pick six.
I want 20 grand at the track last Sunday.
And I, you know, I mean, I got all these investments in AOL and all these great stocks.
And my investments are up 48 percent this year.
Then it makes it gives the impression that I'm a big shot that I'm so much smarter than everybody else.
Which generally, I think what that reveals is a real deep-seated and periodic complex.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, that's what that's all about.
People that have to make up stories about how much they want.
When you know they're full of crap.
Most of the time.
I mean, you're the dog has this day.
So anyway, this guy is lecturing me about any saying, you know, I'm really shocked that you, I heard what you were saying.
And you're such a bright guy.
You're so intelligent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because he hears all these brilliant things I say on your life like that.
And he says, I just can't believe that you would put all your money, your life savings in the hands of one of these guys.
He said, you can read.
You can make your own decisions.
You can make your own picks.
You can see what's going on.
And you can control it yourself and your money too.
And I thought to myself, and I said to myself, well, to be honest with you, that was doing better before.
When I was doing my own and I know nothing.
I know absolutely nothing.
One thing I do know is that when you get those newsletters, even the fancy, fancy ones like Value Line, they should only croak.
And some of the other ones.
They're full of crap.
It's a crap shoot.
And they got nothing loose because they're taking X number of dollars from you for sending you this bull crap.
And if they, you know, it's the old saying, if you throw enough crap up into the air and some of it comes down and hits the ground, hey, look at these people are geniuses.
And if not, they're not any money.
So you won't renew your subscription.
A hundred other suckers will come along and do it because they got all this great glossy literature they put out and all these big books with a graphs and the charts like they really know something.
They know anything.
They don't know crap.
My little dog, my minpin, my toy dog, whatever the hell he is this today.
He knows more about finance.
Seriously, I could have, I could take the financial page.
You know what I'm going to say and lay it down there in my front den, which is his favorite room for when he's in just in the right mood.
I mean, a dog's only 11 years old by now.
You think he be house broken, what she is, but every now and then he gets in the right mood.
Hey, just, yeah.
And I could just lay the paper out there and leave it there for weeks and let him drop a little load next to him and just pick those stocks and probably do better than most of these self proclaimed experts.
Because they give you a lot of double talk.
And quite frankly, some of the stuff I heard yesterday afternoon from this man who's got all of my money in his hands was terrifying.
Terrifying on the one hand he's lecturing me that he doesn't want me investing all this gigantic amount of money in this one portfolio in Europe.
And yet on the other hand, he's got exactly that amount of money invested in one little teeny tiny country in one little fund in that country in the Netherlands, which I love the Netherlands.
I love Amsterdam, but that doesn't mean I want to give him my money.
Does that make any sense to anybody?
No, of course not.
Does the economy of the Netherlands compared England and Germany and France and the no and Switzerland, of course not.
Fights, starts now.
So anyway, to make a long story short, this guy came by and chastised me and I accept his test.
Like a man.
He slapped me around the face a couple of times and gave me some aqua velvet.
There you go.
And it felt really good.
And then another guy came by and gave me his card.
He's going to be sorry. I'll get it that in just a second.
The guy who's in charge of the concessions at the macarena.
And by the way, you range your fans too bad, huh?
Too bad about that.
What did I tell you yesterday about kicking their ass about how overrated they are and how they spend all this money?
That Theo Ferry, he sure looked the last night, didn't they?
You know, Ferry, by the way, Theo, we know you're awakened at backseat.
You in Shelley Kennedy there. We know what was going on.
You're not fooling any of us.
And even the big sparser played pretty good last night.
Well, boy, this, this crowd.
I mean, that's their favorite.
Forget about Pavel Burry and Ray Whitney.
Small potatoes, Mike Vernon.
Now they like the big sparser.
That's what gets that crowd on their feet.
And like I've told you before, white people, they love having a big black guy named...
Whatever it is.
To go out there and beat the crap out of whoever they don't like.
They love that.
They don't want them necessarily living in the same hood, but nevertheless, they like seeing that.
Nine minutes past 10 at 560 W to QAM.
No portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of WMV3's acquisition court.
Horton did South Florida a major blowjob.
And now it's time for another edition of the unpublished works of Dr. Seuss.
Today's selection. Horton hears a hoe.
Horton hears a hoe, calling to him, have you got money to blow?
Why, that's Horton said quickly sporting a pole.
There's a hundred in my bucket and it's burning a hole.
I'll take off my clothes if you give me your cash.
And Horton got excited as she exposed her bear, essential.
Then Horton did mount her, and boy was he glad when she screamed,
you're the biggest Horton I've ever had.
When Horton was done, he smiled and sat for a smoke.
But the hoe started laughing.
Horton said, what's the joke?
Then the hoe turned around and Horton looked and got sick.
Because this hoe, like Horton, had a big hairy chest.
That was another selection from the unpublished works of Dr. Seuss.
1040 and you're welcome to 560, no bad, good day.
Anyway, the good news is Bruce Beasley, one of our haunchos from Naples,
is going to be in the building.
That's the room we're here in.
Exactly.
Before I get into this thing about the Salvatore Farulo,
who's the General Manager of Boston Consessions Group,
which provides you with a great food at the Macarena.
That great reasonably priced food at the Macarena,
who came up to me and offered me his card in a guided tour.
A guided tour of the entire food operation in the arena.
In the buried in the back of the sports section this morning,
it's kind of an interesting article, as we continue following the Cecil Collins watch.
I guess you missed this Josie Lambeet over there in a sunsetinal.
I'll continue your newspaper.
Second Collins allegation revealed.
And I just read this today for the benefit of those people who continue
attempting to make up these stories about while the Edison going sexual relationship
with his team and multi-broad.
The same morning, then, often running back, Cecil Collins was arrested
for climbing through a neighbor's window.
Another woman complained to authorities about his un-welcome advances,
according to a court document filed yesterday.
According to the document, the unidentified woman said she was driving eastbound
on Interstate 595 when Collins began pursuing her and tried repeatedly to get her to stop her car.
The incident allegedly occurred around 5, 10 in the morning on December 16.
Just minutes before police say Collins climbed through the window to neighbor Tina Nulfi's apartment
and Palm Trace Landing's apartment complex.
I was starting to get this picture.
Like somebody on the station said, he wanted to get dip his wick.
He was a little bit horny.
I mean, this is amazing.
When the unidentified driver exited at the Pine Island Road exit ramp,
Collins stopped his car in front of her, then caught up to her at the red light
and asked her to just spend five minutes with me the document says.
So, Lenny, yeah.
Squirt, squirt.
When she asked why he responded, because you're so pretty,
and identified himself as Cecil Collins, the document says.
Prosecutor Dan Luzzi filed the document as evidence of other crimes.
The filing comes on the heels of the revelation by several statements collected by Collins' attorney Fred Haddad.
One of the statements was taken from a neighbor who said she saw Collins' inter-noldies apartment several times before Collins was arrested.
Several other statements came from Dolphin teammates who said Collins had bragged about a relationship with a neighbor,
which, of course, that's real unusual when guys, jocks, especially, brag about all these fantasies that they have.
Collins remains in the Broward County jail.
Nofee has said her prior relationship with Collins consisted of him harassing her for dates at the Jimmie the apartment complex.
The prosecutor has filed documents that led Collins' exposure to sexual organs to two other women in the complex at the pool and in the gym.
End of article, but, of course, we also don't want to forget his prior record in Louisiana.
We got kicked out of school for similar incidents.
So, when Cecil gets horny evidently, if we believe these stories, and I have no reason not to,
when he gets horny, he's horny just cruises around to find some bits that looks pretty good to him,
and then pulls her over, or pulls her under, or pulls it out.
He's got to have it. He'd be having it. He wants to dip that week. Don't you be understanding that? He wants to dip it.
Maybe it's just not that he wants to dip, because that's what he told him. That's not Cecil.
And he still didn't get the goddamn message. He said, how you be a spellon that?
Oh, how sad. How really pathetic.
So, anyway, this guy comes over to me a bad mistake, by the way, itself.
But, I mean, you know, I seem lucky guy. I never stole a free train.
I seem like a reasonable human being. I'm sitting there minding my own business in between periods,
and like many other people, this guy comes over, shakes my hand and extends his card.
It says, National Car Rentals Center, the center of it all.
He's the general manager of Boston Concessions Grouping, and I told him,
I said, I'll be glad to go on your tour. I'll take advantage of the onion.
I'll go on one of these days, whenever he wants.
But, I said, all I hear is a lot of complaints.
I said, how about like the Air Canada Center up there in Toronto,
where the food would have a great selection. They got cheeseburgers.
I mean, really good stuff, you know, out there in the hallways,
for you to have in between periods and during the game, and have to celebrate another loss or whatever.
And he said, you're right. They really do a good job up there.
And of course, my immediate reaction is, well, how come you guys can't do the same thing?
Why is the food so freaking bad?
Why is the selection so much less than it was last year?
And why are the prices so goddamn outrageous?
I mean, just, there are people seriously on death row for lesser crimes than the gouging that goes on there.
For soda, for a beer, for a goddamn stale crappy sandwich, for swell.
And this meant, and I'll be willing to listen. Maybe there are people out there
that have wonderful experiences that love the food there at the Macarena.
The pizza blows. The Philly cheese steak sandwich.
In fact, I think the city of Philadelphia is going to follow suit for them calling that a Philly anything because it blows garbage.
Dreck. I'm trying to think of something other stuff that I sampled,
because John generally gets some food there, which last time he was at the hospital three in the morning
and his appendix had to be taken out, which I'm sure was just a coincidence.
But just one of these things where, you know, again, maybe I'm just having bad experiences.
Like my experiences with dark folks in my life. You know, maybe it's just me.
Maybe I'm making up my own, you know, I'm wrong conclusions that are incorrect.
Just based on bad personal experience.
Maybe the food at the Macarena sensational. Maybe the people there feel it's very fair price to get big portions.
The E.D.s ice cream, for example, which I don't eat because I can't eat that stuff.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of E.D.s ice cream, and this is going to piss off our good friend that gives me those certificates.
He's a good guy. But I can't. I must tell it like it is.
You know, the sugar, no sugar added. Fat free, no sugar added.
You following me? E.D.s is the only one. And by the way, they only make it in those big half gallons.
Guess what they replace the sugar with?
Something that ends in a tall.
There you go, nice going, George.
Multital. Just one half a step away from servital, even though 40 times more powerful.
Let me tell you.
One thing about that E.D.s, no sugar added.
And I'll make a shit.
I mean, that'll tear your guts out like you wouldn't believe.
You'll be smitten your brains for hours.
So just a word of caution, okay? I know that E.D.s guy is going to be unhappy with me, but I'm just telling it the way it is.
Multital.
Any product that you get with the sugar has been replaced by something else.
Let's take a look at the label. And if it ends in an O.L., like sorbitol or maltital or...
...maltital.
Crapital. Crapital. Crapital. Crapital.
Crapital. Crapital. Out.
Washington Crapital.
State the hell away.
So anyway, the E.D.s ice cream over there. They've cut down the selection of flavors, which I think is like a very pedestrian chocolate in vanilla.
And they decided that the same amount they were charging last year or even more.
The size is all of a sudden diminished.
It's a lot of diminishing returns. They give you a little teeny tiny one, which quite frankly I'll pass on.
I've already got one. Thank you.
So that's my comment to Salvador Ferrula.
And I did tell him, I said I heard nothing but a lot of complaints.
I wasn't going to get into a big screaming match with him there, but the fact is that I'll listen.
Maybe we got some people that they would like to vent.
So I can pass them along to Salvador because he obviously does listen to the show.
Because you may mention the fact that he heard some of my comments.
And I hope that he's listening right now because your food blows Salvador.
And if you do know about the great food at the air Canada Center, why can't you replicate it?
See, this is one of the things that they're always telling us.
And I had a great time there last night because I had my diet soda. Did I eat any of the foods?
No.
No, absolutely not.
Oh, I take that back. I did eat two of the onion rings that John bought with his whatever they have.
That gross looking pizza was that he bought.
I ate two of the onion rings and all I can say Salvador.
They sucked.
Really? Seriously?
Burger King has got better onion rings.
They probably got the worst onion rings I've ever had in my life.
They're better than the onion rings at the macaroni.
The worst.
You know who used to have great onion rings?
Wolves.
Oh, you're going to start that again?
I remember wolves onion rings.
Oh, they're great.
Big, big, big and huge.
And Chris been freshly made.
Right.
Still not good for it because they were deep fried, which is poison, but nevertheless,
if you're willing to poison yourself on something that leads, at least it should taste good.
You follow my philosophy.
If you're going to kill yourself and eat something that you know is harmful, at least let it be good as opposed to a bunch of crap.
Always back on the EDS again.
Yeah, a bunch of crap.
I'm telling you that that just tore my, in fact, I'm going to say this to you.
If you're going to have any of those tests done when I had my IBS for those six weeks, you know where they have to clean you up.
Instead of drinking the awful tasting stuff that they give you.
My recommendation is just go out and get a half a gallon of EDS, no sugar added fat-free ice cream.
And I promise you that you will do a 50 times better job.
Now, you allow yourself several hours a minute of throwing time because I'm going to tell you it'll clean out things that you never even know you ingested in your body from years ago.
You'll be a clean machine.
There'll be no Hershey in that highway.
I guarantee you that when you get done eliminating.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Our first call of the day.
A mobile in Miami.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Well, a couple of comments.
First of all, all the food and every arena and stadium in Miami sucks.
Okay, that's the first thing.
I don't even need to talk about that.
I'm going to have all these things come back.
And number three, I got a question.
My boss was telling me this morning something about some sort of pill or cure for Alzheimer's that they were talking about.
I don't know.
Not a pill.
I didn't see the whole story.
They have some kind of a therapy where they had...
I didn't know what the hell it was.
It was a bizarre thing where they take the skin and they put it up through the neck.
I don't know what it was.
I think it was a four skin.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, whatever it is, I heard that they tested it on like five people and it worked on four of them to the point where
these old guys that were completely on their deathbeds, they didn't even go to the bathroom and they were walking around and probably driving up.
Exactly.
I mean, I've worked until well on Reagan.
He's going to run again this year.
That's all we need.
Yeah.
Anyway, I know.
It's all I got man.
Thanks, but...
Okay, and have a great day.
Yeah, and that should go over big down here.
I mean, it's a horrible disease.
It's a grotesque, horrible, awful thing.
No, it seriously really is.
And it wouldn't have been something because you're quite frankly the medical profession other than the antibiotics.
That's the big claim to fame.
Antibiotics would stay over prescribed.
And of course, it causes all these new strains of antibiotic-resistant bacteria to be developing now,
which is going to eventually kill all of us, but nevertheless.
But look at what a piss-poor job they've done with cancer.
In fact, if you look at the obituaries, which I do every day, one in particular, I'm looking for, I still haven't seen yet.
But if you look at the obituaries, you'll notice that a lot of these people, like these young people, like Oliver, the singer I talked about yesterday, 54 years old, dead, what did they die from cancer?
Now, yes, they have made some advances with prostate cancer and with certain kinds of cancer, but pretty weak.
Common cold, can they cure the common cold?
No.
Now, they got that new pill coming up and supposedly going to be lessen the impact of a couple of days, but they still can't do anything about that.
So, not only are you a bunch of butchers out there in the medical profession, but you've done a really piss-poor job with all the money the billions that are spent on research, they've really done a horrendous job of eliminating all of these things.
But Alzheimer's, that would be great. That would be wonderful.
And then we can all live to 150. You don't have to be walking around all day, going like that.
26 after 10 at 560, WQA, let's hear about that food at the macarena. Let's hear all the comments.
All the great things that they like to eat, as in a heap of crap.
QAM drops the green flag.
Motor sports center day.
Saturday mornings at 6 with Chocoste.
All right.
On sports radio, 560.
QA.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers.
It's new from these discount productions.
Yes, for the little car thieves, be on notice.
You will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal with the piercing sound of the all-new macarena alarm.
Yes, of macarena alarm.
Just yours.
Today.
10 30 at 560 WQA.
I have to laugh at some of these people who think that they can brainwash me.
I mean, weaker people, people who are easier to buy off with the free meal or something like that.
Sure, you can probably brainwash them and get them to come on the area and pedal your crap.
But it's not going to happen here.
Just like Hank's always talking about the crappy food at the Jorabi Stadium,
which he's absolutely right, the state informally called.
And he's also right about the fact that Carter Rastrak is about the only place, sporting place,
paramutual or other place where the food is really outstanding.
Always has been through the years, consistently good.
Most of the other places, I mean garbage, weak.
And why is that?
It's overpriced.
I don't understand.
I mean, I realized that these people aren't in the restaurant business per se.
But when they give the concession out and there's a lot of money involved as you know,
all this bidding that goes on in the wars, I mean, the people who do get the concession,
they are supposedly in a food business.
That's what they're doing there.
They're not out there driving a Zamboni.
They're not keeping the ice cold.
They're not out there massaging the players' backs.
What they're business is supposed to be is the guy then food business.
And this guy comes along and I heavily thinks because he gives me a smile and shakes my hand and, you know, sucks up to me.
And he offers me a guided tour of his operation over there that I'm going to come on the air.
You know, and say wonderful things.
It's not going to happen.
And I'm sure that there must be exclusive restaurants in there that most of the rest of us peons can't get to,
which is what he's going to show me.
That's fine.
But the average schmuck out there who's paying $60 for a seat by the way in the in my section.
And you're right.
You folks, you're absolutely right.
I mean, it does break my heart that we couldn't even sell out a game like last night because it was a great game.
A good time was had by all, but 60 bucks were a guy that's a buck a minute.
How much weed you can get for that?
60 bucks for a 60 minute game.
And unlike last night, which was a very good game, especially the last two periods, you know,
some of those games maybe 40 of the 60 minutes that you could read a book.
You could take a nap.
60 bucks.
And then to top it off by insulting the public.
See, you just don't get it.
And just like this coming Monday when they're going to have that game in the afternoon, three in the afternoon.
Most of you people out there going to have to work on Monday.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to have to work on Monday and have to race the hell out of here and fly the hell up there and go see that game.
Stupid stupid stupid idiotic like that thing says exactly.
They just don't get it.
And I have more people that come to me.
I mean, what am I going to do about it?
Come and cry and wind them about.
They call the box office and they try to buy tickets and they try to add that they're seeing tickets and nobody calls them back.
You know, I never heard of such a thing.
Here are people that are always crying.
We can't sell the place out.
We want your money.
We need to make a couple of more billion before you get it.
He ditches this thing and you want to give him your money.
They still don't want to take it.
Here's a mobile and hope sound.
Hello.
Neil, welcome back.
Yes, sir.
Listen, uh, I think ESPN is trying to do a little different thing on TV last time.
I was watching the game.
Yeah.
And they had their direction was on for about the first 10 minutes.
The overtaught, the guys that are doing the TV and everything.
You can hear them all talking about the shots and what to do.
And some of it was things you can't even say.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I was surprised.
So, like I've always said, if it's a sporting thing, you can say all those words on a year, then it's okay.
Even though, of course, there's a lot of kids watching those sporting things, but then it's okay.
Well, obviously, they know.
That's your FPC hard to work again.
Obviously, they didn't know they were on the air because they were doing the countdown.
How could they not know they were on the air?
Of course, they knew they were on the air.
The guys behind the scenes doing the TV camera.
They knew they were on the air.
You think they just did this spontaneously?
It's just that that's the way we'll people talk.
Oh, well, you came down about nine minutes.
Listen, I was thinking about going in this weekend to the game.
Should I bring a box of depends?
For what?
Well, if I'm going to eat that food there.
It all depends on what you eat.
Okay, have a great time, pal.
No, eat before you come there. That's my suggestion.
Go over there, see Gildi at the Hard Rock Cafe or go over there in the illegal seafood right across the street in the oasis of the sovereigns,
which is outstanding.
One of our fine sponsors and then sensational food.
Because if you're going to expect to get edible food in that place in addition to which of course,
then it's the prospect of seeing all these people getting up and down and schlepping all over food.
And you know something that was decent food and it was priced fairly.
It wouldn't bother me that much.
But watching all these people squeezing back and forth and jumping all around.
And of course, on a week night, especially, I understand that because a lot of people are watching.
And they will come from work.
That's why most places you'll find on a week night at a lady driving crowd like we usually have because people have to drive through all the traffic.
They have to come from work.
Maybe they go home, they do this, they take a shower, they take a crap out of their doing.
And then they have to run in the car and throw the whole family in there and zip up to wherever the hell they're going.
So Mr. Faroula, I would like to suggest you with all due respect that your food stinks.
That it needs a complete overhaul. The selection is minimal at best.
The prices are ridiculous. Like I said, gouging would be a compliment to you sir.
Mr. Faroula.
And quite frankly, I think you're in the wrong business.
Now he's the general manager of Boston Concessions Group.
Their food sucks.
It's plain and simple.
And I never would have brought this up today except for the fact that this guy made me this offer and gave me his business card,
which I have right in front of me here.
His name is Salvatore J. Faroula.
And the phone number, by the way, if you'd like to complain that his office said, uh, well, he gave me the card.
He's got a fax number, a phone number right there at the one Panther Parkway in the intercenter.
A phone number is 954-835-7901.
And the fax number is 954-835-7908.
If you'd like to fax your comments on the delectable food, the great choices and the delicious food at the macaroon.
And of course those great prices too.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Great game.
It was great.
It was great.
You know I am a leech fan.
I play on the same ice up in Connecticut with them.
Another thing.
The food thing.
You're right.
It sucks.
But I had the corn beef last night.
I don't think you're a big fan of corn beef.
But I had corn beef up in club level.
That was pretty good.
Up in club level.
Well, that's fine.
You can't get corn beef down with the IE, even in my level.
Next time I'm down, I'll make sure I'll bring you some corn beef.
I don't want.
I don't want corn beef.
It's full of how much was it?
Yeah, how much was the corn beef sandwich?
It was a big sandwich, but it was the $8 sandwich.
$8.
$8 bucks for a corn beef sandwich.
You're right.
You can buy the whole goddamn beef.
You can buy the whole cow for less than that.
Yeah, I'm out of material, but I had to tell you that.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Glad you had a good time.
Up in the club level.
Oh, excuse me.
$5.670560, I don't want to bring you no corn.
Don't bring me no food.
Okay, do not bring me any food at the Macarena.
Now, guy did come by last night and brought me one of these detailed guys.
You know, works for the, uh, uh, he's a pill pusher.
And he brought me some stuff for IBS, which I'm not taking at the moment
because I don't have any IBS at the moment because I've only been back in this place
for two days and one hour.
But I'm sure that once Bruce Beathley come in the building, he'll be sure and put the BS back in my IBS
because that's what the Biggly stand for is BS.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that because it's, we want to be quiet about that.
Yeah, I did look in the paper this morning.
Yeah.
Whoo!
Nice going, George.
We're the ones with the brains in this, uh, family.
I'll take you that.
Don't do it.
$5.670560, £560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line is $8.977, $7.856, $345.
By the way, notice that Gary Bauer endorsed John McCain.
I think there's a little message in that.
Gary Bauer endorsed John McCain.
And there's a great column by Richard Cohen out of the Washington Post that's in the hero this morning.
I think this is the hero.
One of our crappy papers.
Bush races to the extreme right.
So isn't it wonderful that the Republican Party again is offering up three, not two,
but three candidates, all of whom are as far to the right as you can possibly get,
without putting a little mustache on.
$21.11.560WQAN.
Look it and stick it.
I broken through a bedroom window.
And while they then keep getting my wig.
When I didn't have to who was crippled,
but I didn't know the new,
did you play for the fish?
I guess my girlfriend forgot her kill me.
That is not a bitch when someone else is wild.
Her surname was whom of B.
and Rosie.
It's all found out,
but it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to hear.
She'd be in bed with her own lips.
It's a scarlet piece, not a piece,
but a piece of paper.
She's been feeling so.
Yes, come on, honey, just spend five minutes with him.
What do you say, sweetheart?
What do you say?
Oh, funny voice, sweetie.
By the way, there's a rumor that I just heard this morning about Pete Boulder
is going to have the same sex change operation that that priest I was telling you about
from up there by Albany.
Denise.
So I guess we can call Pete Boulder a patty.
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
That sounds good.
I mean, it's got a nice ring to it.
Patty.
Yeah, he wants to change it to a woman because he's got all his little girly numbers over there in the ratings.
I'm going to tell you, girly numbers would be an insult to the female species.
We got the 10 to 2 numbers.
I'm talking about numbers that are so infinite.
This is the guy who said we will win.
Anybody remember that?
We will win.
Oh my god.
Yeah, when the jackpot for being a jackass, for being the most consistent, the most perfect jackass on the face of the year.
Everything you touch, Peter, he's like to eat these sugar-free ice cream.
Yeah, everything he touches turns to the best crap, a big oozing smelly pile.
I mean, I'm taking a look like person's 12 plus here, where we have a four point in the date even with that bad October that we have, they got a, they got a 0.9.
And like persons 18 to 34, they've got a 0.3 from 10 to 2.
I mean, every page you look at in this thing is like numbers that have been invented yet.
50,000 watts, have they ever had a number over there?
Yeah, the only number they had was midday.
They had Dr. Laura and Lardass.
Not anywhere near our numbers, but nevertheless, Gigantic compared to the rest of the numbers they had on that station.
What do they do? They shift them over to IOD.
They just keep swapping back and forth. They got two shows that have any kind of a number, not Gigantic numbers, certainly not great demographics, but a reasonable number.
And so they keep pushing it back and forth, pushing it back and forth, and the end of God damn programming, too.
What do you say, Patty?
What's wrong with that?
I'm so pissed off.
Yeah, that's probably what he's doing right now. I have to take a look at these numbers.
We will win. That's what he said.
Oh, man, are you pathetic?
I don't know which is funny. You're the thought of Patty, Bolder, and a text change operation, or this Cecil saying, just spend five minutes with me because you're so pretty.
At least, you don't beat around the bush anyway, so to speak, unless he gets allowed to be doing it.
Huh? I mean, nothing like being direct. You see somebody you like? You just run them off the road?
Hey, come on, just spend two or three minutes. However long it be taken.
Good, good.
You look pretty good to me. That's five in the morning. I'm drunk out of my mind anyway. It's always worked for me.
Yeah, there you go.
He's some upstanding guy. I know that I would just love to be the one to come on here and defend all Cecil and say, hey, the diesel, he'd be afraid. They'd be gotten the wrong.
He just wanted to dip his way. He was just looking around.
See, let me just ask you this. If he had the sign going relationship, number one, with this broad, how come he breaks into the window?
And number two, how come he just wanted to go and look around?
Oh, I'm sure we don't have an answer for that.
No, here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Mobile in Naples.
Hey, knew how you doing.
Okay, sir.
A couple of things I want to discuss with you. First thing is I want to tell you what a rip off the Macarena.
Yeah.
I'm a restaurant analysis analysis by you.
You're an analyst, yes.
Yeah, that's a cheetah.
And I go a lot of companies hire me to do their food calls analysis and their labor calls to see how their business is doing.
Well, last year, after going to the bunch of jeans and bunch of times, I was amazed at the price they were charging.
So I took it to my own and I did a little survey. All the food, a lot of the food in Macarena sells.
Most restaurants average between like 22 and 35% food calls, depending on their volume and the type of food they serve.
The macaroon of food, because of the quality of food they serve and the price of their charts, above 11% food calls, which is theoretically you can get this possible restaurant's dream about that.
Yeah.
It's called robbery.
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.
Now, a captive audience holding a gun to their head and saying, if you want to eat, this is the only choice you've got.
And you also, of course, realize that you can't bring any food in there.
Right. And Chinese restaurants are trying to serve no vegetables, right?
They were on 18% food calls in their business.
Yeah.
I mean, to them, they were on the 11th, it's robber. You're right. It's exactly what it is.
Speaking of those Chinese restaurants, maybe as since you're in the business, you can tell us how you attacked a buffet when you go in there.
What's the right way to attack a buffet?
I don't do buffet.
Oh, okay. That's good.
I don't do a buffet.
So, for example, close.
Second thing is, let's rig red dough. I do a lot of work over here in Naples. I'm from Fort Laudale.
Ridge, where I live at, but when you go on vacation, let them know.
Let them know that 770 that when you're a vacation, let them know it because all you hear over here is.
And if you want to talk to me alive, call 1877 and you're 800 number.
Here, even they are judges doing the show.
Yeah.
Obviously, you know, the people are calling you know, where's me?
Well, what do you expect from the beeslead? Do you think they have any concept of what it's all about?
No.
What else going on over here?
No. They don't know and they don't care.
No, sir. They don't.
They're busy running around the world and around the country, peddling a BS.
You got that right, sir.
Okay. Have a great day, sir.
You can tell your stocks in the company too. It's going down again.
Have a great day. I didn't hear what he just said.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line.
We got an open line on the AT&T line, 8777856345.
I guess that must be in the minority. It must only be me.
I mean, I'm not looking for people to suck up if you disagree if I'm wrong.
Let's hear about all the good food.
I'd like to have a discorbeating sandwich that said for only 25 bucks.
It wasn't too bad of a deal for 62 bucks plus tax.
That's what he said. He said he did what's my beef.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Yeah. Hey, um, deal.
Yes, sir.
Um, I'm not here to defend Cecil because I don't, you know, I don't condone none of that.
That's this garbage.
But some of the views that you give sometimes, man, makes me think that there, I wouldn't want to ask this question,
but I'm just thinking of something to assess man of knowledge.
I'm going to be a racist or a niggruff old, which is a niggruff old or racist?
What is a niggruff old?
Well, let's kind of like a fear of like black people or whatever you hold.
These type of subtle psycho.
You might have a afraid of certain black people.
You bet your sweet ass, my friend.
You bet.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Well, what about like, I mean, the dangerous looking black people, you bet.
Like, big black guys with a mean look in their face with a bright bloodshot eyes like two in the morning.
If you're at the ATM, try to take 20 bucks out.
You bet I'm terrified.
And so they're the only types of individuals that hang at these, these, uh, these areas, huh?
I didn't know how, how are you?
Wait, wait a minute.
Did I just say that?
It's amazing that the words that I just said all of a sudden, you managed to read that into that.
That's not what I said.
You actually, if I was afraid of any black people and I said, yes, see, I'm not a bull crap, artists.
I'm not going to sit here and pretend to be something that I'm not.
I'm a human being and I have, I do have fears of fear.
I don't fear too much, but I do fear dangerous looking people.
And what about me like Martin Luther King?
You call it Martin Luther King.
You think that that really, I mean, that's fair.
Do you have any sense of humor or what differences it make?
It's a joke.
It makes jokes.
It makes jokes.
Well, some people, I mean, we, you know, were especially being minority, you know, one of those negro.
And don't I also use the word spagged a lot?
Well, that's your real world.
You can deal with that.
I see it's my real world, but the cool world is not my real world.
I don't know.
And what about all the Orthodox Jews?
In fact, I just talked about the Vini baby this morning with the Shmatan.
I mean, I talk about all people with a sense of humor because you have to have a sense of humor to survive.
Oh, especially minority.
So this is a cynical program with humor.
It's cynical.
Why does it have to be cynical with humor?
Well, some of the comments are cynical.
Like it might come out.
What comment have I ever made about black people, for example, it's untrue?
What comment have you ever made about black people?
It's a true.
Very simple question.
Let me say it again.
What comment have I ever made on this program that I mentioned that I said seriously without being obviously joking?
What did was untrue?
I don't know.
I have just sitting here just listening to the agenda.
Well, when you appear to comment on the agenda to the agenda, the social column story isn't important because you're okay.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute, sir.
The social column story isn't relevant whether he's black or white.
Does it make a difference what his skin color is?
Well, apparently it does.
Why?
Because it seems to be there are not any other athletes of any of your ilk as far as skin pigment is concerned.
It hasn't done something either similar or worse that you don't seem to hyperbolarize every day in your program.
First of all, it ain't going on right now in the program.
How about Steve Howell?
How about Bobby Cox who beats his wife?
We talked about that a lot.
How about you, oh hey, how about bringing them up again with Ellen?
Because they're not in the department.
Because there isn't a story in the news about them today, sir.
The social column story is in the newspaper today.
Oh, so you got some nickel-foam to the phone?
Cylano.
And some wood.
Oh, so it's so annoying, but I can't.
So in other words, if a black person does something bad or if there's an ongoing case that's being covered in the media and there's a new development in it and then they even know it's buried way in the back inside page of the sports section.
I said, Negro, Fault, never.
Sir, you're an idiot.
I don't have time for idiots.
You're a professional coon.
I don't have time for professional ethnics, professional fill in the blank.
However black it is, I've told you a billion times before it's very simple and you want to make it complicated.
I deal with people as individual human beings.
If it's all that important to you that you're black, that you're white, that you're Jewish, that you're Cuban, I don't have time for you, okay?
Don't waste my time.
I don't live in that kind of a world.
It's crap.
It's like the bull crap about blood is thicker than water.
That's another pile of crap.
People are people and you deal with them as individuals.
That's the way to end an I admit.
I have a hard time dealing with that.
I answered this first question honestly.
That wasn't good enough for him.
There's all these niggropholes.
Everyone is a niggrophold.
Everyone in this guy looks under the bed on the ceiling.
Over in the ATM line, there's niggropholes all around.
Everybody's out to get him because he'd be a niggro.
Which quite frankly, I haven't heard that word in a long time.
I prefer the word coon to niggro because quite frankly,
at least it's a little bit amusing.
Niggro sounds like, I don't know, little black sample
or something like that to me.
Yeah, like Stefan Fetchett, niggro.
That was a very demeaning term.
Blacks, I mean, blacks was a term that was okay for once.
Then we had to go into African Americans.
Every decade, we have to come up with some new term.
Why I have no idea?
I guess because it keeps those people in their place
and that's what our society is all about.
Which if this guy would want to talk about that,
I'd be glad to agree with him on that because that's true.
Although I do notice the governor now,
governor softens stance on one Florida, you see?
The Bushmeister, the only thing in the world that I agree with him about
is ending affirmative action.
But because of the fact that it's politically incorrect
and it took a lot of heat, now all of a sudden he's back in a way.
Real a weak at the knees, just like his brother.
Although at least the brother, you know,
he don't have to back away from any positions because he doesn't have any.
He doesn't stand for anything.
5667-0560, 05-560 here on Eracist Neil Rogers.
Yeah, I am so sick and tired of hearing that crap.
And didn't I already mention this morning,
sir, that Peter were well played a pretty good game last night,
even though I didn't like that stupid penalty.
You got earlier that almost let the Rangers play after the game,
except that Mike Rhythm made three or four great saves.
Didn't I mention that the big black Peter played a hell of a game last night already?
Uh-huh.
So I guess I couldn't be as much of a niggruff old as possible,
but I guess the reason that I'm not a big fan of his must be because he's black,
not because he can't play the game that well most of the time.
Must have something to do with skin color, right?
Uh-huh.
A niggruff old.
That's a new one on me.
1056-0560 WQM.
I'm jumping QAM.
My L.A.
Boy's already dead.
That sweet, I guess, the craziest thing.
I flew to Oakland to learn to keep on it.
And then I hit the street to go check out my stuff.
And what happened was, while I was already,
there was a black guy standing on the corner.
I said to him, was up and your blood was going down.
And he looked at me as if I was some kind of freak.
And you won't believe what he called me.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
Now how did you like to take a vote?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, fast, you don't like to take a vote.
Jacoboos, the hunky-dunk like to take a vote.
You take a vote from the fool.
He said he bought it safe for you.
And he pulled out a truck.
I said, I'm just learning to buy it, so don't know what.
And he ends at me and said, his lesson would all do.
Come on, stop for loop, stop for bottom, fast, fast.
As I lay there, I saw that I was dying.
Someone called the paramedic.
I'd redo.
Then another dude said, man, you pathetic hunky-dunk.
You think I'm a good kid, and then you can't stand you.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos.
Now how did you like to take a vote?
You take a vote from the fool.
You don't like to take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
Now how did you like to take a vote from the fool?
You take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
You take a vote from the fool.
Now how did you like to take a vote from the fool?
Oh, yes.
Let me know two at 560 WDQM on his along a fade on that.
What can I tell you?
Before I get into this great article by Phil Muschkin,
did I say Muschkin?
Muschnik in the TV Guide.
That's somebody just facts to me about the, and very timely, by the way.
Thank you so much, sir, whoever you are.
Before that, though, the QAM van will be at the California Pizza Kitchen,
2301 North Federal Highway with three passes to the New Times International Beer Fest,
Friday, February 25th, and Dan Reno Gomp passes from 1230 to 13th of this afternoon.
The nephew will be there, California Pizza Kitchen,
2301 North Federal Highway, 1230 to 130 to the Shaftanone.
So go over and get some pre-crap.
Anyway, Phil Muschnik writes this in this week's TV Guide,
on the Be Sports View column.
He says to end a very bad copy, so I'll bear with me.
Okay, that's going to be hard to read.
But fits right in with his last professional Negro.
Two months after John Rocker revealed himself to be a young fool with a bigoted bent,
he remains the national symbol of hatred and intolerance.
This is called piling on.
And more and more, he's liable to become a martyr to the flip side of freedom of speech.
For now, Rocker is an excellent example of selective persecution.
After all, there is no group in this country that's hate-free or holds an exclusive right on pain.
Consider that Reggie White, NFL star in the devoted servant of God, said much the same as Rocker.
He said that homosexuals exist as undesirable citizens, only white said it from a pulpit.
Last month, White made a guest appearance on CBS's Tucked by an Angel.
You think any such appearances outside of portraying Satan are now available to Rocker?
No.
The NAACP demanded that Rocker's bigotry should spell the end of his baseball career,
that the brave is immediately firing.
Yet the NAACP has provided White's bigotry with a convenient look-away pass.
It's interesting that Rocker's infamous remarks appeared in Sports Illustrated.
Six months earlier, SI had published anti-Semitic remarks,
uttered by Richard Williams' father of tennis stars Venus and Serena.
Yet the NAACP wasn't moved to condemn Williams,
and in fact, the author of the piece, excuse Williams' bigotry, is evidence of his flakiness.
Rocker, who might be everybody's flaky, was issued no such pardon.
Braves legend and board member Henry Aaron has expressed how deeply offended he is by Rocker's across the board, ethnocentricity.
But where is Aaron Vin all these years, while American Indians lobbied the Braves to cease their insensitive stereotypical portrayals of hatred?
Native Americans, especially Tomahawk Chop demonstrations.
Major League Baseball is revised by a rocker, is a re-...
I see it's... look at that copy.
Revolved by Rocker's comments, Rocker was ordered one to go a psychiatric evaluation,
and was then suspended until the second month of the season.
But where was Major League Baseball after anyone of Braves owner Ted Turner's infamous bigotry statements,
where these just evidence of Turner's flakiness?
Enough already with Rocker, if quality is the... a quality is the goal, either everyone gets punished or nobody gets punished.
Nice going here by Phil Mustick in this week's TV Guide, under sports view.
And that's exactly correct, and there are a lot of people just like this caller before,
you see it's okay if black people want to be bigotry, that's all right.
It's okay to be a black racist and talk about honkies and make all kinds of grotesque comments about every other minority.
That's okay about Jews and fags in this one and that one.
Then it's okay.
But if some asshole like Redneck like John Rocker comes out and makes these comments,
then we have to have a big son of a dance and he's got to get suspended and the NAACP and Jesse Jackson,
they're all in there piling on.
Bunch of bullcrap, you want to have it both ways.
And let me say it again, no more, no more affirmative action, no more bullcrap, okay?
No more trying to force people to pay back for things that were done 300 years ago,
50 years ago, 100 years ago, no way.
Get an education, get a brain, and stop whining and complaining to everybody else that everybody's picking on you.
Like a little kid in the school yard.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and this business about Cecil Collins, let me say it again,
if he was as white as the fallen snow, what difference would it make?
But there's some niggorful but the media there that keeps written these stories just because it happens to be going on.
You wouldn't be talking about it if he was white.
Just like Ray Karuth and the Ray Lewis, the fact that they're black, it's not because of the crimes that they're accused of.
That's not what people are talking about.
Just like O.J. Simpson, it wasn't because he was accused and we knew them well that he murdered two young people in cold blood.
No, it's because he was black.
What a pile of crap that is.
Here's one of the most revered, admired semi-literate people in the history of American culture, O.J. Simpson.
But it just so happened that because it became like a daily soap opera for a month after month after month in America became just embroiled in it.
That's why it was on everybody's tongue.
That's why people hate him like poison because they know he's a cold blood and murderer.
Not because he's black.
And I'll say it again, this is this bear is repeating every time I get a call like that.
Did any white group defend Ted Bundy and say that he was picked upon because he was white?
John Wayne Gacy, David Berkowitz, Richard Speck, Charles Manson, Jeffrey Dahmer,
or gay rights groups defending John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Dahmer?
No, I don't think so.
My dark, complex and friend.
But how anybody could inject race into the Cecil Collins thing, man, you need some serious help.
You need to find a life.
Get a hobby.
He's got one.
What's spitting watermelon seeds?
I bet you can spin him on pretty fruit piece.
For piece five six seven.
That's what the Cecil was looking for.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60.
I guess that thing with a arena.
I guess maybe a salvage towards that point.
It's only me.
I give the people an opportunity.
I thought we'd get a lot of calls from that with people with their comments.
Good, better and different.
Nobody cares about that.
In fact, you hold hockey people with that crowd.
Not only can't they talk about the games.
They can't even talk about what's going on there.
That has nothing to do with the game.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, God, how you doing?
Okay.
Long this the first time callers.
Yes, it's easy.
Take it easy on me.
Okay.
That was a not quite Negro, wasn't it?
Evidently.
A professional Negro.
Neil, I'm a white American.
I'm a gringo.
Okay.
I was born and raised here in Miami.
I go to school up of state in New York.
And I just came back and I was having dinner with some of my Cuban friends.
And we were talking about that kitty down.
Oh, Jesus, God.
Okay.
And they gave me a point of view.
And I like to pass it to you and get your thoughts on it.
And what they were saying is that this kitty may be baby Moses.
Yeah.
You think that's as a possibility?
And you think that we ought to be discussing that, sir.
You think that that's a common way to be discussing is whether he's the baby Moses.
You're right, sir.
You're a week.
Get out of here.
He's calling me asking you like seriously.
Is he the baby?
Yes, he is the baby Moses.
In fact, his friends call him Macy back in Cuba.
They call him Macy for short.
And believe me, maybe George is the operative word because that's what the abuela said.
Really short.
And they grow an inch.
Ain't grown a silly millimeter is what they said.
And they squeezed it a couple of times and it started growing.
And they said better cut that out.
Yeah.
They made it grow.
You know, really sorry.
All my grandparents died before I was born.
Yeah.
Look at what I missed out.
What a shame you missed out.
You could have looked at him through your evil eye.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQ.
Here's the Jackie Stuck, so carry.
Okay.
Hello.
I'm a black female American.
And I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 610 AM currently.
And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans.
It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on welfare because there are more white people on welfare.
And America then blacks.
There's more white trash out there.
They're not trying to get drafted.
They just want to lay around and have babies from black people.
And I would appreciate it if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I'm sick and tired of it.
And I will call my lawyer.
She will call her lawyer, by the way.
It's 1114 at 560 WQ.
Especially good morning to my good friend Salvatore J. Farulo, who's the General Manager of Boston Concessions Group.
And I don't care if you people out there know any of our bunch of pussy.
Because I'm always the guy that's got to come forward to the big balls and tell it like it is.
The food if you're wearing a sucks, it's overpriced.
The portions are small.
The choices are horrendous and it's unacceptable, Salvatore.
That's the answer to it that you're looking for.
Okay, sweetheart.
Whether without your gutted tour.
Whether without your brainwashing and propaganda.
Your food sucks.
Here's a pig report on the alley.
Hello.
Gone.
Okay, pig.
I guess you expect all this.
Huh?
Why are we just on there?
But I expect, I guess you expect less to, you know, just drop everything.
And, you know, drop the spot and our pants and just put them on right away.
Sorry, they got it.
Maybe they got them out there on the alley.
Yeah.
What is that smell?
Oh, that's right.
Josh Freeman's in the building.
Or maybe it's Bruce Beasley.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, you know, when you sleep in a dumpster all night, you don't wake up smell and do good in the morning.
You know what I'm talking about?
I bet you do, Bruce.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
This is going to be two in a row.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes, did you believe in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in Kendall?
You're calling from Kendall, but a funny voice like this?
No, no, no.
How long you been working on this voice, Mike?
No, sir.
Yes, sir.
No, yes.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm an Indian American.
You're an Indian American, but a voice like this?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes.
Bad fake Indian American voice.
I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, you're doing right about, like, you know, okay, good.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
We're on a run now, baby.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good morning.
Good morning.
I do have a story about the Mac Arena, actually.
I was there about, about a month ago.
That was the last time I ate, actually.
I mean, I mean, is this a difficult question that I'm asking this morning?
Well, you know, you got a lot of brain dead people out in Miami, especially that one gentleman who called a couple calls ago.
Maybe we could get John Rocker to beat the living crap out of that guy.
Anyways, I was at the Mac Arena.
Are you an Negro folks, sir?
No, sir.
Okay, I'm just checking.
Okay.
I was at the Mac Arena a couple of, about three weeks to a month ago.
Yeah.
And I have to agree with a lot of the people down here, including yourself, that the food is very overgrown.
I was a little priced for very poor food.
I actually did half-food poisoning for about, I would say about 24 hours.
Yeah.
That was it.
I was literally smitting and cuking at the same time.
And I like a picture.
How did I go?
What is the gentleman who served it to me was laughing.
That's all I could think about.
Absolutely terrible.
I will never eat there again.
And I still support my panthers.
Right.
While supporting the team has got nothing to do with eating the crap that they're, I keep trying to point that out to the public.
And a lot of these people don't get that.
They don't understand that.
Well, $6, $6 a burger.
And I mean, $4 for a coke.
Plus, you can't even enjoy the game because you got to tell people every other second to shut up and sit down because it is nothing but a social event.
But still got to go.
They're got to support the team.
Okay, have a great meal.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
$5,670, $5,60.
I don't want to get into all this other stuff about whether it's a social event and people are smoothing it.
It's got nothing to do with the hockey game with the what's going on there.
It has to do with the fact that here is a place where they charge you.
They soak you an arm and leg to go there for whatever the event is.
And then they expect you to go and subsidize their concession and they suck.
$5,670, $5,60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, how difficult.
Yeah, it's just like with airplane food.
Why is it such a difficult science?
I don't understand that.
Even the cavemen were, you know, somehow they managed to eat something.
You know, they put together a pretty good meal.
Or maybe not so good.
Maybe even better than the planet.
Sure is how cost a lot less than what we're paying at the Macarena.
No question about that.
Long me 50 dollars.
But it's not like we're talking rocket science here.
We're talking about, all the good restaurants we've got in town.
How come you can't go into a sporting event where they're soaking you in armament?
I mean, like the restaurants other than in Tytonia, of course.
But they are restaurants, they don't charge you like a, some kind of an entrance fee to get in for the honor of ordering their food.
You follow what I'm saying?
So you're already paying to the notes to go in there to see a sporting event or a concert, whatever.
You think at the very least the people that are in charge of the restaurant part of it, they want to put something good in there.
It's like you said you're a captive audience.
Right. You have no option.
Exactly to make it a pleasurable experience and the fact is, it's not.
You thought there was pasta salad, but it's not.
Here's a mobile in Western, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, no. Yeah, I hadn't called about that brother that was on the phone before the break.
Yeah, that's the Niggity Grow, yes.
Can you believe it?
All he has to do is go home, watch the EP in the afternoon and see all the Niggorys on the scene.
Right.
And there's this reticulum, I'm going to listen and use this later.
Right.
And I believe it or not, there's a lot of them out there that think that way I'm a black American by the way.
So have a good day.
And back to you.
See, there's a black American for you right there.
There's a darkie, a smoky, a good guy.
Yeah, a coco coco cocoon.
Yeah, some of you people need to get out of your coco cocoon and like see the real world now and then.
Just be sure you're going to write neighborhood 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't forget the QM van, I'll be at the California Pizza Kitchen 2301 North Federal Highway from 12 30 to 130.
Free passes to the New Times International Beer Fest on Friday, February 25 and then Reno Gal passes to from the nephew.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
New.
Yes, sir.
What's up?
Hey, you.
You have a listen.
What does your what that moolly that buying a little bit of a car in a there will system out of the truck of the car?
Are you rising?
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
Bokeh.
Neil.
I will we lost contact with the audience all of a sudden.
I mean, what's going on here this morning? Yes, sir.
Hello.
How are you?
Okay.
I call the tell you I can car I think the food at the macaroni sucks.
Especially the hot dog.
You would think that that's the biggest selling food they have in there that they would have a decent hot dog.
I mean, how hard is it?
I mean, why couldn't they get like Nathan's to come in there and stuff?
Are there plenty of places where you see Nathan and Nathan's make good hot dogs?
They go into shot malls, you know?
Like right in fact, there's a Nathan's right over there in the in the sawgrass.
Yeah.
I couldn't get why couldn't they get Nathan's to come in and set up a hot dog thing there?
Or somebody that knows how to make food is opposed to these Boston concessions people who all they do is present you with crap there.
I mean garbage.
Have you been down the merc and airline to arena?
No, sir.
A lot of those there aren't bad.
But they do have a lot of yellow seats, empty yellow seats disguised as people.
Yeah.
That's all I got.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, he likes the wini's better there at Mickey's place.
He likes when Mickey slips in the wini.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18.
And see, this is generally the attitude.
Most people are complacent.
They don't give a crap.
They grumble about it.
They don't care.
Here's the guy that came to me and gave me his business card.
And obviously, he's somewhat concerned over the comments that he heard on the show.
And as a result of his coming over and giving me his business card, he inspired me to come on and go ballistic this morning, which I am.
So as usual, I have to do the guy named leg work in the mouth, work for the bunch of suckers out there that are willing to cough up their heart or in bucks for any kind of crap they will.
Any kind of slop they're willing to give you.
I don't understand it.
Why does it have to be sloped?
Why can't it be quality?
Why can't it go?
We're not expecting shut up.
But we're not expecting, you know, some fancy shmante go gourmet meal.
Unless, of course, you're one of those multi millionaires that sitting up there with in the section that the rest of us can't get to.
So you want to give me a guided tour of all that high, high flutin' stuff up there.
The rest of us can't get to it.
And I don't want no free pass to go up there and be able to get to it.
I'm not interested in that.
I want to be right down there with the real or schlepper as we're above.
Especially after all those great stock tips for my guy over there, right Wayne?
Oh, I understand.
It's a, but I mean, but I move, but I'm out by, yeah, right.
Okay, whatever you say, whatever you say, sweetheart, you could almost smell the pile growing under his desk yesterday.
Here's the mobile and Oakland park. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Here's the interesting thing about Boston concessions.
You know, all those people that bring you the food and ring it all up?
Yeah.
They're not paid.
What do you mean by that?
Let me explain it to you.
My son does this.
If you have a nonprofit youth sports organization and you have kids that are over 16 years old,
they go there and they work and they get 11% of what they sell goes to the organization.
In other words, it's 100% right off for Boston concessions as opposed to the paid people.
It's only a percentage right off.
Those people aren't paid.
Well, well, but there's a lot of adults there.
Those aren't all teenagers looking at the game.
Right, right.
The coaches and the parents.
There's two.
In each concession, there are two paid people.
I've heard this before.
A manager and a guy in a cook's outfit.
Yeah.
That's it.
My son was the last night was the stiff night doing it for a nonprofit hockey organization.
Yeah.
True story.
None of those kids are paid and none of the parents accept one manager because they have to inventory everything at the beginning and inventory everything at the end down to the individual cups and pieces.
So this is like rubbing salt in your room because that makes it even worse that they're gouging with these wild prices.
And they're not even really paying anybody a salary to work behind a counter.
You got it.
Nice.
Same thing with the pro player park by the way because I was on a football board there and they wanted us to do the same thing.
But the problem is you had to have a minimum of 18 parents.
You were trying to get 18 parents down into Miami for 16 Sundays including the Super Bowl.
If it comes to you, you had a small contract.
Plus in pro player, you had to buy the uniforms from them.
Purchase.
You had to buy the belt for $18.
You had to buy this in.
It's starting to sound to me like an amway scam.
You know, like a pretty good deal.
Sure it is.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
All the money goes to Wayne.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Then don't forget just say the Boston concessions.
I don't think all of my does go to Wayne.
I don't know how that works.
Maybe somebody really does know how the deal is and they read how much of it goes.
They would have counted how they stay at the slice of.
They're like that pizza that they said that crap that they pretend is pizza.
They slice up the pie.
How hard would it be?
And with all due respect to ponytail and all of our other good friends in a pizza business.
But I mean, because he, you know, he that's probably not within his grasp to do that.
But why couldn't they have like pizza hut come in there?
You don't want to talk about less profit.
Better food less profit.
Well, you know what?
To your profit.
That's why I don't eat your food in the macaroni and I won't.
And unless you want to improve it, put something good in there that maybe I could eat.
That maybe was edible at a reasonable price.
Seriously, that Philly cheese steak sandwiched I eat that a couple of weeks ago.
It gave me a break.
My dogs, both of them, who eat anything.
I mean, there is nothing in the world that they won't eat.
In fact, yeah.
But I'm going to tell you, they would have turned their nose up at the thing.
They would have laughed.
They would have started wagging their tail and looking at me with that smile.
Like, are you shot in me?
Are you think I'm going to eat this?
No way, Jose.
Philly cheese steak sandwich.
And this salvator for real brings me his card with a straight face.
I mean, yeah, I seem like a nice enough guy.
I just happen to believe that if he's the general manager of this Boston concession.
And he's one responsible for the stuff that they're putting out there.
And I'm going to put those prices that maybe he's a nice guy who happens to be inept.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow what I'm talking about?
A nice guy who just don't get it.
Or maybe he just doesn't have any taste buds.
Maybe his taste buds were scraped off as a young man.
Maybe he doesn't understand the severity of the swills that they're pumping out of those concession stands.
26 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Wait, God.
I hope that you're radio dialed for this Sunday morning sports page.
No.
7 to 9 with Kim Medichin Josh Darrow.
Oh, right.
Sports radio 560 Q AF.
And beat that Gator me.
Are you happy with your current job?
Get the training you need today for the jobs of tomorrow at HIT.
Hookers and training will teach you what you need to know to succeed in business today.
Well at HIT, I learned what kind of heels to wear.
Where to stand.
They taught me all kinds of tricks like how to give a hummus and where to put my gum while doing it.
Now I'm more confident turning tricks thanks to HIT.
Get the training you need at HIT to give jobs tomorrow.
Hookers and training could be right for you.
Call HIT at 1-800-How Much.
Yeah, we'd be working at HIT only in this case.
They left off the first letter.
It's 11-31 at 5-50 QF.
Take a look at that phone.
You know what I'm saying?
I am so sick and tired.
You hockey people.
Goodbye.
This is official.
Goodbye.
Not only can't they discuss the team, the game, the sport, anything that's going on there.
They can't discuss even the food.
They have no opinion on it.
So goodbye and don't waste my time.
Don't come by Schmoozen and suck it up to me when I'm there in the game.
Because you will not.
You won't play the game.
You got no opinion.
You got nothing to say.
Don't kind.
I don't do a show on there.
I go to see the game.
Okay.
They give me the tickets for free.
I go there to be left alone to watch the game.
I don't want to be doing a show with anybody there.
With a bunch of people that refuse to call a show and have anything to say.
You can sit there and bitch and belly into the people around you.
That isn't going to get back to Salvador J.
For rule over the people at Boston Concession and Wayne,
I pinga in the organization.
Here's an opportunity to come on the air and say something.
Will they do it?
No.
No.
So my frustration level with that whole crowd.
I mean, just go away.
Go to get out of my life.
I just write you people off.
Like those people last year, the beginning of the season when they came in the first game.
Coming to me, all G or C-3 are too small.
You got to do something.
You got to bitch and complain.
I always have to be the spokesman.
They already got one spokesman in the organization.
Okay.
I can't be the spokesman.
They only got one.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
We're listening to the Haiti and you love you and group message.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I got a problem last week at the Macarena.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I went in there and I took a couple of cheeseburgers with me because I couldn't afford the food.
Uh-huh.
I got kicked out.
You think you can't take food in there just like P.P. Park.
They will frisk you.
They will give you a body search, a cavity search.
You can't take food in there.
Yeah, but the guy that kicked me out was laughing in my face eating the food.
Yeah.
So thanks for the push me out.
Exactly.
Well, at least they had some good food in there anyway.
See you, guys.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
That's a good idea.
You guys that really don't care much about seeing the games just bring some good food in there.
Yeah.
We'll split it up.
We'll divvy it up.
Yeah.
We'll have a special counter that only a few of us will know about where it is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Seriously, this town is the most deadhead goddamn freaking place on the face of the earth.
And you know something?
The reason that they give you the crap that they do at the prices that they do is because they can.
Because you're still putting up to keep coming back for more.
If I open up a steak restaurant and I give you a horse meat.
That tastes like horse meat.
And I charge you an extraordinary price for what I call a steak.
And you keep coming back for more and more and all your friends keep coming in and just say they say too bad.
You know what?
I'm going to continue doing it.
We'll give you all the Schmidt that you that's fit to eat.
Isn't that what they say if they hear all the Schmidt that's fit to print something like that rhymes with fit.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back.
First of all.
And my girlfriend works over at the Macarena for Boston Concession.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I know.
She's looking for another job that it is.
But yeah.
So I made a vote while I've heard that before too that they have.
Yeah, about about about a about a third of the people in there are volunteers.
Yeah, for like church groups and stuff like that and they get paid.
You know, the whatever you know volunteering whatever the volunteering there's time for gets paid.
Whatever they get.
What kind of a scam is that?
I have no clue.
I mean, if you open up a commercial restaurant and you had a bunch of people working in there, waiters and waitresses and so on.
I mean, and nobody was getting paid or even getting their tips.
And they're just a percentage was going to some charity.
I don't know.
That would never fly.
It would never happen.
Nobody would work like that.
That's exactly why all the arena workers for the old Miami arena were all up in honors because the new arena.
100% of the concessions are run by the volunteers.
Now you mean the Miami Miami.
But the up in the Macarena, it's about a third of them.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, for the concessions.
Why is the food have to be so bad and so overpriced?
I have no clue.
Supposedly it's a lot better in club and they're only doing that to the regular people.
But, uh, you know, they still shouldn't be doing that.
You know, they can be they can be they can afford to.
The regular people, let me say it again.
My tickets are $60 a seat.
Does that sound like a schlepper regular people to you?
60 bucks a ticket?
That's why that's why I don't go to the games because I can't afford them.
But I mean, but people who can afford to go to the games and even if we are willing to pay the absorbent and prices, why is it that for six or eight bucks?
You can't give somebody a decent sandwich unless they happen to be up there with the blue noses in the club level.
I don't want to sit in the club level.
Yeah, I couldn't answer for that.
Okay, thanks pal.
All right, but the good luck to your girlfriend, you'll need it.
So there you go.
The pot keeps getting thicker and thicker.
I bet you that my good friend Salvatore Frootl was real happy that he gave me that business card last night.
Listen, Sal, let me tell you.
I just tell it like it is.
If I had good experiences, if I had good things about your food, if I thought the prices were fair, I'd come on here and sing your praises and say, hey, this is really great.
I've done it many times before.
But in your case, it blows.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay, you said that you probably do a lot of fine.
You do find out a lot of oil in a national airport?
We've not in a long time.
Okay, I'm a pilot and I fly out of there.
Next time if you have, as you're leaving there, look on the north side of the field.
You can see how I think it's a little rainy air force.
I think most of your money that's going on there is the typical one.
That's airplane.
You've got to get spoiled there.
So next time texting out, just to say hello to him out there.
I mean, it's a serious fire and nothing.
Okay, I'll give him a big wave.
I'll give him the Italian salute.
Thanks for the good news.
Flight takes it.
Okay.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is real or sales agreement between the Vatican and the Palestinians is once again the Pope.
Here's a man in the dress pitching off the beanie babies.
Yeah.
Yeah, they signed a big accord with the PLO yesterday.
They signed it.
He said he thought that Yasha was a snappy dresser.
Of course, it's all relative.
You don't understand that.
Yeah, and he said, you know, maybe you want to wash that dress like maybe once a month will be good.
But other than maybe bathe like once a year before we have these big meetings before we hold our meat.
He said we always insist that the altar boys take a bath before we.
22 before noon at 5.
5.6705-60.
Yeah, here's a man in the dress pitches off the beanie babies over there in Israel because he's consorting with the PLO and never met a terrorist.
He didn't like not to mention fiddle by the way, which very conveniently all the Catholics down here, all the Hispanic Catholics just kind of overlooked.
And we're still waiting for the baby Jesus and all this other great stuff, all the good stuff to come in from the Vatican.
Is it coming?
No.
Is it going to like save Cuba from the devil?
No, no.
No.
But it was good PR.
And of course the of Vatican likes PR and then again those three letters that come right after PR.
5.6705-60.
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line 21 to noon to QAM.
Where once again we're having to beat the audience to a bloody pulp to try to elicit some kind of a comment from them, which is one piss poor sad commentary about this town and the people who just to destroy it.
The people will crawl around in it.
And I.
Today's broadcast is brought to you by new S&C Clean, the all-purpose cleaner.
See this shirt? It's f**king clean.
How nasty is this carpet stain?
Well just drop down your knees, use a little bit of elbow grease and s**t clean his.
Yes, you can f**king clean anything.
F**king clean your dog.
F**king clean yourself or where?
A c**n clean your car.
F**king clean everything you own.
Get f**king clean today.
Come visit one of our eight s**t clean stores or look us up on the web at s**tclean.com and f**king clean it up.
Okay, it's a 16-till-known at 560W f**king QAM.
5.6705-60.
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Hey, what's up, near?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, let me tell you where the food sucks and all these stadiums and arenas.
The reason is because you have these big concessioners, they put beds in.
Right, like Boston Concessions Group.
Okay, great. I wonder how much that is.
Hey, he said in order to make money, they have to sell you a smith.
And then of course you can have a quarter, you can have Hotsmith, which is my favorite.
5.6705-60.
I mean this is just unbelievable.
This to me is astonishing.
Nobody gives a crap.
But you know something, if you don't give a crap because nobody's going to force me to buy,
I'm sorry, I'm brought it up in the first place, I apologize.
Yeah, it's astonishing that there could be so many lemmings, so many sheep out there.
They're more concerned about watching that millionaire show on Fox.
It's on the front page of the newspaper by Tom Jicke who wants to marry a millionaire.
We can't give a million dollars away on Fox because they're doing that in ABC.
And everybody's watching that and then they'll get tired of that.
It'll have to be who wants to be a billionaire instead to make it exciting with those stupid questions.
Like what's your name?
That's what they're busy with.
Crap.
And just when you come right down to it, what's the most eaten at place in this country?
Where more people just soak it up the crap.
McDonald's.
What's the most popular ice cream flavor?
Vanilla.
So I guess most of the people have crappy taste in the first place,
so who the hell am I to tell them to tell them the bad news?
They're enjoying it.
They're having a good time.
They're savoring it.
They're loving it.
And they don't have it only that doesn't bother them either.
Yeah, give me four bucks for about 15 cents worth of soda,
which is about 80% water anyway.
Which like I said, is about 98% water anyway.
And a bunch of chemicals.
Give me a, you could, you could bring in your own two liter bottle.
They were on sale in my public the other day for 79 cents for two liters.
Stop and think about that.
Any flavor you like with sugar with whatever you want, 79 cents.
Ordinarily like maybe 99 cents for a big two liter bottle.
But for the honor and privilege of having you paid an arm and leg and going into a goddamn sporting event,
the same morons, the same dumb people.
I would let it pay three and four bucks for like this much watery crap.
There you go.
Stir enough trouble again.
Neil, we're happy with it.
Okay, great.
I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry.
I thought maybe I would like to do, you know, like do a pubic service here today and speak out on behalf of the masses out there.
But I, what if I had like two or three and a one guy he's happy with his eight dollar or a corn beef sandwich.
He said, what's your beef?
Here's a mobile and cross-spring.
Hello.
Now, yes, sir.
I just want to, what do you think about the Panthers lower in some of their ticket prices to maybe fill that place up?
It's not going to happen.
Doesn't it make financial sense if you're only bringing 14, 15,000 people into an arena?
The possibly lower the price is somewhat the silver place.
No, I think that's good.
Because I'm going to use this as an excuse to dump the team.
Or that's fine any talent in the future.
What do you mean that's fine any talent in the future?
The team is in first place.
They just won last fight three and another five games at home all season long.
Sir, what are you talking about?
Great team.
What don't you think is going to use as an excuse?
I'm not feeling any harm.
You know, sir, I, from your mouth to God's ears, I would only be the first one to tell you that if he would sell the team tomorrow, I'd be the happiest man in the face of the earth.
You and I both.
Okay.
You and I both.
But why the hell is he going to be in a hurry to sell it?
He's making a force in there.
He doesn't have to sell it all 19,000 seats.
And I want the playoffs come, of course, maybe not in the first round, but if they make it to the second round and they've got a good chance that they will that place will be packed to be standing remoling in there every goddamn playoff game.
And they'll be peddling the same high over price concessions and the same parking fees and all the other crap like this guy is losing money in there.
And not to mention all the concerts that he's got the big chunk of in there too.
Everything that goes on in there, he's got a piece.
Yeah, that's who he's got a piece.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I like to go ahead and put my few cents in on the whole macarena food thing.
Yes.
I would see, once we look at my ex girlfriend, we got the food.
I didn't really get dinner so I got one of those chicken wraps.
It's in the green leaf or whatever.
Yeah, and it wasn't that bad.
I mean, it could have been better.
All the food there could be better.
I mean, it wasn't that bad.
I mean, I might be on an island here by myself.
I'm sure I am.
No, I think I am because you're, you know, I'm the only one who seems to have a problem with that swill.
I mean, with that great food.
But I mean, it could be better.
I mean, anything anywhere.
How much was the chicken wrap?
Oh, God.
It was like a...
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
I don't know.
Like I said, my girlfriend took me on a sheet of paper for everything.
I'm sure she took out like $100 to the parking and the ticket.
And we got it down by you.
And I mean, there's nothing that's from 22-year-old punk that doesn't have season tickets.
It's not going to be able to have a voice and say, hey, I like to go and change it to food.
Yeah.
But, you know, I mean, you guys...
For you guys to have all the tickets down there and all the money you're spending,
I'd be really pissed if I were here.
I'm not spending a dime because the station gives me those tickets.
You think it...
Seriously, I make you a lot of money.
Okay, but there is no China-Mence chance in hell that I would spend the kind of money
that they're soaking for season tickets.
I'd buy you know certain selected games here and there.
But I wouldn't buy season tickets at those prices.
Understandable.
Have to be nuts.
Well, I guess I'm going to be one of the five people there in the arena on Monday
because I'm only a student, so I go to school and hopefully I'll be there and make it to the arena.
Well, just stand there and hold the door open.
I'll be the one racing in.
Turn them your own guidefathers too.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks.
Yeah, we love guidefathers.
Are they a sponsor?
No.
But we love them anyway.
So if it's something that's good, I'm more than delighted to share with the public.
This guy, he's, you know, a 22-year-old guy.
He's a...
Since it wasn't that bad.
But why does it have to be not that bad?
Why can't it be good?
America doesn't demand quality.
That's what's wrong with you goddamn people out there.
You settle for any slop that they hand you.
So what's a chicken rat?
A chicken rat.
Oh.
It's wrapped in like a green.
The food is green and then about 20 minutes after you eat it,
then you start turning the same shade of green.
In fact, that's what John had.
That was a Montreal game where we can have a go two weeks ago.
Just before he had a pentasidus tree in the morning and at a race to the hospital,
I had to take his appendix out.
I'm sure it was just a coincidence, you think so?
No.
Yeah.
I'm sure that all those stories are here about food poisoning or just a coincidence.
See, I'm trying to explain to you folks that if you want to pay a reasonable amount of money,
you should expect to get some quality back and you don't.
You don't.
Leave it to America where the public has to get a goddamn course.
Maybe there should be some kind of a high school or college course and instruction on demanding quality for your money instead of just sitting back and accepting to Schmidt all the time.
Whatever Schmidt that they will in the head out to you, whatever Swill.
I guess of course they brainwash you this when you go to school.
If you launch it school and they put that slop on a plate, I mean crap.
Just the worst non-nutricious file tasting Schmidt in the history of mankind.
And then you go off to college and of course everything they got is got 50 gallons of salt peter loaded in it from the milk to the soda to the steak.
Everything else that you'd steak to the meatloaf.
That's why they give you the salt peter because they want to make sure that they can help you make your meatloaf.
Calm you down a couple of notches.
So your condition eating slop.
And I'm not saying like I said before I want gourmet.
I want something that's edible something and I want some choices in there.
And I don't give a damn if I'm in here with 17,000 other people and I'm the only damn person that feels this way.
I don't give a crap.
I'm not one of those people who wants to go along with a crowd.
It's willing to settle for 10th best.
So Mr. Farulo evidently you've made the public very happy there with that swill at your passing out at ridiculous prices.
They love it.
We did a little experiment here today and as usual I'm wrong and the public is right.
I'm out of step.
Because I expect maybe something that might be edible like you get in a real restaurant all what a concept.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Coconut grove.
Long gone.
Mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you now?
Great.
I used to have four season tickets to the Macarena.
Yeah.
And for the exact same reason you're talking about I now probably watch it on my own coach.
I won't eat that, sir.
Yeah.
I don't mind paying for food if it's edible.
The stuff they have up there is just horrible.
Okay.
Thanks.
56070560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Jupiter.
How are you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Yeah, I made a mistake of going to a hockey game hungry too.
And I had a Philly cheese steak and let me.
Oh, God.
That Philly cheese steak makes head cheese taste like filet mangan.
Yeah.
It was disgusting.
And I'll never eat there again.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
See, there's another vote.
Slowly but surely.
We're getting a couple people out of the work who had the same horrendous grotesque, unacceptable experiences.
How come you go to call the racetrack?
I mean, I haven't been there in a long time.
But I'm sure it's probably just as good because whoever the concession people are.
They make sure that the food is quality that it's good.
You get a hot dog.
It's a great hot dog.
It's delicious.
Not some green we need that looks like Bob Prince that tried eating it 30 years ago.
I mean, making a good hot dog.
Is this rocket science?
Making a cheeseburger that's edible?
And then of course, it's a P.P. Park.
You go there and you get a burger and they've got them in those in those.
There's a foil wraps that they cook up like 55 hours before, 55 days before the game.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like rubber.
Yeah, they're like rubber that like the good your company just brought them in.
And they keep them under the heat lamps.
And so everything's like congealed in there.
So you can only imagine once it gets inside your body.
If you think it was congealed before you put it and pop it in your pussy.
Wow.
You can just imagine talk about IBS, especially the S-park.
IBS and all day long from eating that crap.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been to the hockey games three times, ate the food.
The first two times we didn't eat the food.
The third time for obvious reasons.
Yeah.
It was it was terrible.
But my reason for calling is,
just got back from Vegas.
First time went from my 25th anniversary at a great time left the large deposit.
Yeah.
And I've been listening to you for a number of years and you've always talked well of Vegas.
And we had the wife had these three conceived ideas, which she was going to see out there.
And she was.
What do you do by that?
Well, you know, the city side.
Well, what's he decided?
That's what I mean.
There is no.
The bummer in the desert that I had on the Harold 20 years ago.
On the front page?
Yes.
True, true.
And she loved the shops.
She didn't realize that each large casino had shops.
You bet.
Did you get into Paris?
Well, we did.
And she loved the Paris.
And I like the MGM.
And she was going to spend more at the Paris at the shops than we walked at the tables before I could yank her out there.
You know, fast, fast, fast.
Yeah, I went into how you anchor out.
Oh, D.
And myself too.
Pardon?
The last time I called you, you had to tell me I called you from Cleveland, Georgia.
Uh-huh.
Because you were looked at the other stations and you had to tell me the baseball score of the Atlanta break.
And so I guess in about another seven to ten years, I'll call you the third time.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll wait down to my calendar.
Thanks a lot.
Georgia will be here then.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Or something like that.
I'll be here then.
Four minutes till noon at 560, QNL.
And by the way, I hate to say this.
My good buddy Charles Alphieri, who's a big Panther fan and comes to all the home games.
He was there last night.
Routin' for.
Rangers.
Shame on you Charlie.
And his lovely wife was saying to him, she was given the raspberry.
Nice going to sweetheart.
She was letting them really have it.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio.
560, QNL.
430, I'll go to the TV.
Don't you see me?
Yes, sir.
I'm a dad.
For Saturday.
We're not doing that.
Don't I feel bad?
That I have to drop a few into the evening.
Now if the classic set will be fixed up for when the brother would not dare.
Now if the pizza, Charlie and the Trident Gold, then it does.
Of the five seats I got a can of liquid cherries, yo.
Oh, oh, baby.
Oh, for the Fernando Spirit.
Cherry the sheep, Bruce the tree.
Oh, baby.
I am a smelly little belly machine.
Baby, baby.
I can't bear for that true style, too, there's a human.
I'll be telling you so, you I got a can of snow, baby.
And it's a hoose.
I'm not that hot so you fall, too.
But you know too, baby.
You can't lie to a pumpkin to come in the video.
I'm not proud of the vaccine.
This does a stretch it out.
So I'm not down the road in the fifth day of super power.
A little hot to stop to reveal to me I'm being around the picture of the praise.
The 1970s, I'm from Colorado, you know.
I'm looking by now.
It's my baby, Canada.
Oh, baby.
I fell off the tyranny of the acidity of the blue.
Oh, baby.
Don't be the cut out of the tyranny machine.
Oh, baby.
I'm a little belly little belly.
I'm from the 50s, the W3M, of course, our full question today.
What kind of people have air fresters hanging from the rearview mirrors in a car?
I guess people either like, far from the lotter do other things in a car.
Like that.
Huh?
Covers up all those tailed tailed rumors.
Yeah, you can always tell a lot about the character of the person that's driving a car by the kind of crap by the adornments.
See, I don't have any adornments.
I have no bumper stickers.
I have nothing hanging from the rearview mirror.
I don't have like a plastic Jesus or a little rainbow flag on a back.
I don't have any crap.
What about that Virgin Mary statue that you got?
Well, I forgot about that.
It's not a statue.
It's an air freshener.
Well, after all these years, you know, you get a little stale inside Virgin Mary.
It's a renewed fit.
Exactly.
If you don't use it, you don't renew it.
Look at this phone, baby.
This is just, I just knocked me over with a feathered cluster.
These people got nothing to say about anything today.
One line on the board, it's only noon,
only at a halfway point here on a Thursday,
and it's just desperate as usual.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's our last call, mobile and four-loader deal.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
I'm doing okay.
The audience is again in a coma.
Well, I've got a plan.
I've got plenty to say.
Number one, the food of the arenas.
And you know what, if not for the price of being high,
which you could live with because it's high everywhere you go.
Yeah.
The hotdog is cold.
It's never cooked.
The burger stinks.
The fries are soggy.
The pizza is nothing but, though.
I mean, you could just really go on and on, but what's the sense?
The only.
No, no, no.
Let me tell you what the sense is.
I mean, this guy obviously was rattled over the fact that I ripped them an ass over there
and on the ear.
And he comes making way the point of coming to me and gives me his card to sell.
And he's going to have a tour for Rulo, and he wants to know.
I mean, whether they're going to change it or not, I don't know.
But I think he does.
I think everybody else.
I think he deserves, well, here's the opportunity today.
He deserves to get an earful.
That's my point.
If it's a shame he doesn't come on the air because I'd love to tell him what I think.
You know, he's just thinking of holding it.
You can bet you can bet your bottom dollar that he's listening right now.
You can bet your life on it.
Three dollars for a bottle of water.
I mean, it's 75 cents of the vending machine.
They got to get three dollars.
But thank less light to gamers phenomenal.
It was great.
Thank you, Neil.
And God bless you.
And I didn't spend one dime and spend a penny on any concession flash.
That didn't still have a great time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless lines.
See, they just, they break you down.
They break down your resistance.
They squeeze every drop of blood they can out of you.
And then they, you know, like a bunch of jellyfish.
Okay, okay.
Whatever you say.
Here you go.
Here's just a bag of money.
When you come into these joints, you just hand them over.
Here's a bag of money.
Take whatever you need.
Leave me just enough for gas money to get home.
Here's a mobile in the gables.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, that was fast.
Wow.
Hey, listen, I want to dedicate this phone call to a Koon Takinte who called you earlier about his professional professional knee grow.
Yes.
Yeah.
Listen, you answered him.
You fear no man or certain man in this world.
Well, let me let him know something if he's listening right now.
If I'm an ATM at two o'clock in the morning and a fumble walks up behind me, when you answered you fear certain men, I fear no man because the nine millimeter I had registered to my name.
Allows me in justifies me if that porch monkey wants to fix something in my face and tries to hold me up.
So you have to know I would have answered no either.
How do you think about that, huh?
Okay.
There you got it.
All right, bye.
I'll see you in the porch.
What, and I wonder that term ever come from do dark people like a monkey around on the porch is that what that is?
I mean, I know where a spear trucker came from.
That's obvious.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60.
See that guy before that got all been out of shape, but I'm surprised we haven't had many calls about it.
I'm glad this guy did all those obviously got a little bit of a Negro fold problem, but nevertheless.
You know, I wish Allen Greenspan would just shut his mouth and so you get out of here.
God.
Well, how come this guy had they have to have, you know, their meetings all the time.
Okay, they got to have their meetings the fed, but every time you turn around as they say in China, every month, they can don't understand.
They got to have another hearing in the in before Congress.
They had the PPI numbers came out this morning.
Whatever the hell that stands for.
What does that stand for?
The producer price index for January.
They expected to go up to 10th of a point.
It went up zero big.
I need these numbers zero.
And the market started off.
Oh, it was up 120 points.
The NASDAQ was flat.
And now the dollar's down 64 and NASDAQ's up still 50.
But if not what it was before because this guy's.
Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa.
Oh, and he smells inflation and is.
Reckto.
Everywhere you look, he smells it.
Whether it's there or not.
I say they should put him in it on the goddamn porch and monkey around with his eyes for while just keep him out of these hearings.
This goddamn green or green steam.
Whatever his name is.
Isn't that a bridge the green span?
What am I getting worked up about?
Okay, don't you understand what this town is all about?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Was that not a great game last night?
Yes, it was.
Oh, man.
People were there and it was like, oh, but the same way on Saturday.
Yeah.
It was wonderful.
For sensational.
Funny story, though.
I've been by my parents.
And by the way, I've burned in there's an unsung hero.
Nice going there.
Mikey for an old guy's 110 years old.
He's playing great.
Mike Vernon kept us in that game.
Yes, he did.
Funny thing about last night when I took my parents to the game.
Went to the venue.
It went to get a hamburger for my mom.
Yeah.
And she walked up to the couch.
I'll pick a hamburger medium wrap.
Oh.
She got the hamburger.
She looked at it.
She took the sandwich apart.
And she ripped it in the hamburger.
I can't eat this.
And she flew back at the counter.
And as the move walks away.
All right.
Excellent.
Good move.
Don't forget.
Don't forget.
Hold the lettuce and the pickle because special orders do upset us.
Or however they say it there.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Oh, yeah.
Medium rare.
Like they're going to cook it there for you.
Oh.
What a sense of humor she's got.
No, it's in a little foil thing.
And it's been sitting there under a lamp for 25 hours or whatever.
I mean, that's really take a cheesecake.
That thing.
I'm still a caggin over that.
I think.
Thank God that I had all those tests and all those column,
the colonic things I had to drink and, you know,
speed would out get out of my system.
Because if there was ever anything I ingested that I had to blow out,
that was it.
That's Philly cheesecake.
The steak part standing is in mistake.
I know there's no point in rehashing it.
What's the point of going over the hash?
You understand?
Is then good.
Nine minutes after noon at five, 60 to what is this test if I wager increases must continue
to rise the labor market.
A pop up up up up up.
Shut him up already up there.
Okay.
Somebody come and drag his ass away and put him in a cage until the next Fed meeting.
And then keep him in a cage.
Peace or crap.
The sports leader.
We have the lead.
Sports radio.
Five sixty.
Q a f.
When I lay down.
He was a king of the state.
And, technically, he did not.
He was sending his fine.
He ain't no king of the state.
He ain't no king of the state.
No, he ain't no king of the state.
No, it's much too bad when he was a king.
It wasn't fair to me today.
Are you going to party for a man?
He wants the white house to be all new.
I guess I got rich, God.
So he can't even see the views like two.
Or just wonder if I'm a king for a high.
Oh, that's the way it's wrong.
I'm a local of nobody that I did today.
You're going to get it today.
1215 at 560 WQM.
Bush races to the extreme right.
Rights Richard Cohen into Washington Post.
He says normally in presidential primaries, moderate candidates wind up getting pushed to the fringe by the positions taken by the opponents.
George W. Bush though has done it all on his own.
Without John McCain taunting him to take harder positions, the Texas governor has moved so far right in South Carolina.
You will think his core constituents are dead members of the Confederate army.
I'm not referring to the one Confederate flag issue on this one.
Bush and McCain are even.
They both have no position.
Unless everything else has ever said about racial harmony is a lie.
Both are just ducking the issue.
The flag is the bloody shirt of Jim Crow and of the bullies with too much beer.
It's no longer the proud emblem of lost cause.
But Bush and McCain are the even when it comes to Bob Jones University.
This South Carolina school once restricted to whites on the basis of some cock-eyed religious belief.
Continues to forbid interracial dating because among other things that's how God feels about the matter.
It's where Bush chose to speak and on the issue of bigotry says absolutely nothing.
It's not that McCain was about to speak.
They were in Bush had to beat him to the punch.
It's not that McCain had already mapped out a value-free position on racial bigotry.
McCain had never been invited to the school.
But if he had gone there, he said on Tuesday in the South Carolina debate.
He would have started by saying, look what you're doing in this ban on interracial dating is stupid, it's idiotic.
And it's incredibly cruel to many people.
Bush felt otherwise.
Bob Jones, as he has so patiently explained, is where the votes are.
Never mind it by appearing at the school he was offering de facto support of its policies.
And never mind either that the school still considers Catholicism and Mormonism to be cults.
I went because I wanted to get out my message of compassion and conservatism.
He said I'll meet the press.
Only off-campus did Bush say he disagreed with the school's policy.
He said that his brother, Florida Governor Jeb Bush, had married a girl from Mexico.
But the point he was making again is that he has no principles.
He will not come in on the Confederate flag.
He will speak to any group racial or religious bigots included and never confront them over their practices.
He has no opinion absolutely none about whether a kid in Kansas should grow up ignorant on evolution.
Bush is a unique politician.
Most politicians stand for very little.
He stands for nothing.
But he doesn't stand alone.
Bush is running the Firehouse Bell and GOP nutty them and look who's come down the pool.
We get Russian limbaugh frothing about the came being adored by liberal Democrats.
And the Reverend Robert Pat Robertson taking time off from his studies of macroeconomics to wage holy war against the Arizona Senator.
My hat's off to Bush.
Without really being pushed, he's moved himself to the extreme right all by himself.
He's embraced the Kuku vote.
The bitter enders who don't know that the Civil War is over.
And the South already has risen.
Not as the cause will last but as the vast suburb.
He's recited his anti-abortion devotions and been adopted by racist and conspiracy theorists.
The worst elements in the GOP.
Here we come to the nub of the matter.
Bush, like all the other candidates, prattles on a good bit about leadership.
Alan Kiesichet on Tuesday that Bush has shown precious little of it at Bob Jones University.
On the other hand, without much prodding, Bush raced the extreme right all by himself out there on that flank with Robertson and the guys from Bob Jones you.
Maybe Bush thinks that the former of leadership, he's wrong.
He's merely keeping up with the Joneses.
What a great column by Richard Cohen in the hero today from the Washington Post.
Those are the way.
Okay.
We'll put it on site.
I want to say I've wrote down at the top as a reminder.
Gary Bauer yesterday endorsed John McCain.
And like I told you, John McCain is every bit as in crack is we're voting record in the Senate far more conservative than George Bush ever dreams of being far more right wing.
So that's what you got offered up there by the Republican Party as usual.
Right wing extremism.
Not one, not two, but three of them this time.
Even a dark conflict that one for those of you folks who are professional Negro folks are helping at the same goes.
Negro folks or Negro files.
Here's a mobile in pop it up.
Actually, I've got your Hoover had a few of those in Negro files.
Probably on Martin Luther.
Here's a mobile in pop and oh, hello.
Gone.
Okay, nice talking to you.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We've had a lot to that today.
Have a way.
Here's a mobile in four Myers.
Hello.
Mobile in four Myers.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I have a few of you here.
Is there something with this phone I haven't picked up one call yet today.
Well, I do it just like I do every other day and it takes like 15 different times.
But anyway, how are you doing, sir?
I'm doing great.
Neil, I call it a comment.
I call the comment on the, I guess you called yourself a Negro earlier.
Here's one of the things that could help him solve some of his emotional problems.
Okay.
One, I as a black man do not accept the responsibility of what other black people do.
Okay.
What we should be is a poll at some of the activities and actions that go on inside our race or say a culture.
Okay.
It is not acceptable to be a racist or a thug or a thief.
That is unacceptable.
Not because you're black, but because you are a person.
You do know harm just as you say and then you don't have to worry about the stereotypes that come off.
One of the things you see is a lot of negative activities that go on.
Whether they're overemphasized or not, they're still our reality.
And there is nothing that is wrong with somebody stating the obvious, which is what you do, Neil.
And I totally agree with that activity.
Okay.
That guy is a...
He seems to be extremely intelligent, but he's a moron and...
How many of you...
Okay, he's in under the intelligence because he can speak for these moron because he ain't learned enough.
There you go.
Okay.
You have a great day, Neil, and keep up the good work, Neil.
Now stay, just stay.
That's what it is.
We call him a spade of spades.
Have a great day.
See you later.
Okay, my dark, conflicted print.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Out of town line, 8777, 7856345.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
All right.
We actually the first time that time.
Oh, right.
I gotta say, how come they couldn't give Mike Vernon the number one star?
I don't know.
It's terrible.
Who did they give it to?
They gave it to Ray Shepard.
That's Ray had a great game, but I mean...
Yeah, but Vernon even in a contest.
Not that I care a lot about those things, but there's no question.
Mike Vernon kept the Panthers in the game.
Yeah, Vernon got the third star.
They gave the second to War L.
Oh, oh my God, it's like a sickness again.
It's like a disease.
How despicable is that?
That he played a better game than Mike Vernon.
Now, who's the day?
Where has this come from?
I think it's a writer of some sort.
I don't know if it's a sun sensor or the arrow.
I have no idea, but it's something for a writer.
That's why I don't pay too much attention, those because whoever picks him needs mental health.
Yeah, but I don't think...
Mike Vernon was the star of the game, period.
No question about that.
I will say one thing.
The food is absolutely horrible there.
Yeah.
Last night there was something more horrible than the food, and that was the officiating.
I thought that was horrible.
That was some of the worst I've ever seen in my life.
And the A.H.
It should be a shame because that game was on ESPN 2, which I nationally televised.
And these fans all over the country are watching a game being ref by two morons.
And Dave Jackson, one of the all-time worst one of his worst performances ever.
Absolutely unacceptable and unbelievable.
I know, right.
Have a great day, and if I see you Saturday night, I'll buy you a Philly cheese.
Okay, no thanks.
Bye, bye.
Now, what is that?
Chris is at the location.
Now, wait a minute, are we going to be going through this?
He asked me to read the thing a couple of times, and he would do him a favor.
And I was going to do it again, here which I'll do it right now, and read this thing.
But he says, I don't want you to give anything away or anything like that.
But he goes, please do me a favor and plug this a couple of times.
So now he's calling you to tell you that he's there.
Okay, the nephew is there at California Pizza Kitchen, 2301,
or Federal Highway with free passes to the New Times International Beer Festival,
coming up Friday, 25th of the week from this Friday, and Dan Merino,
golf passes from now from this moment to 130.
Okay, is that okay?
Uh-huh.
Okay, okay, nephew?
Uh-huh.
Okay, that's it.
See, every time I agree to this, then it gets to be a big song of dance.
And oh, you're not promoting it enough, and there's nobody here, and you're not coming for the free stuff.
Oh, Jesus.
We got an important crap we're taking care of on this show today.
I can't tell you right at the moment what it is.
But we got some important Schmidt we're taking care of here today, and this stuff, you know,
and that's because Bruce Beasley's in a building somewhere today.
So naturally they got to make it look like they're going out there doing something to justify their existence.
Now, I wonder if Miguel is with him.
If Miguel is with him, I'll promote it more.
Huh?
Do you know if he's with the nephew?
We don't know that.
If Miguel is out there with him, I'll promote it several more times.
If Miguel is not there, I don't want Chris to take it personally because he's a good guy, but, you know, ugly.
Oh, okay, ugly.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Miguel.
How did I know that there was an upcase?
How did I know?
5, 6, 7, after all these years, they're still sitting around a house, you know, drinking a grandma booing,
and not getting it on the air.
Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I don't have anybody's mentioned this yet.
I hope not, but I want to be very done with this.
Didn't red you white you the same garbage that God blocked it?
I heard you read a whole column about that.
Oh, I just heard it in the bottom.
I was going to New York in the TV guide.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I didn't know you read a whole column about that.
I never had one response to it, of course, but, yeah, that's the exact thing correct.
I mean, they blew that away within two weeks later that was all gone and done with.
And we painted these last two off as the guy was an idiot.
I don't know how they can do that.
Thank you.
By Phil Mushniketson, the TV guide, page 56, and it says exactly what they're saying.
John Rocker, where'd you white get the free pass, but John Rocker, maybe because he's white, the NAACP is all psychotic about it.
There you go.
I'll take a look at it.
Double standard.
Okay, thank you.
Double standard.
Black people can be preded, preded, but white people, if they say something right away, that's going to be fired.
They're bad people or evil.
They got horns and sediments, so on.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, buddy.
Oh, yeah, I'm listening.
Why do you want the Republicans to make out, make McCain not to be a liberal, but you're saying that he's a staunch conservative?
Who said the Republican said he's a liberal, whoever said that?
I'm not saying the liberal, but they're saying he's not a real conservative.
Well, because he's not their man.
I don't know.
Pat Robertson figures that it can't manipulate him as much as they can manipulate Bush.
I have no idea.
But his voting record in the Senate is 100%.
I mean, right wing as far as you can go.
I think I've got to remember he's from Arizona where there's a lot of right wingers.
There's got to be a play to the...
Well, he needs to vote.
He needs to vote.
He needs to be a constituent.
So in other words, that's an excuse.
Is that what you're saying?
I'm an excuse, but that's politics, Neil.
You come up.
Is there some other words like Newt Gingrich was from Georgia, so that made it okay or Bob Barris from Georgia?
I thought it made it okay, but that's who voted and then.
Sir, sir, what you do...
We're not having a conversation.
What you're trying to do is rationalize the fact you like McCain.
If you like McCain, more power to you.
I'm just telling you, he's a right-wing extremist.
Ten times better than Gore.
And that's up to...
That's your opinion.
Gore's a pussy.
Okay.
You want to know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, where I was lying.
I love the way these people try to manipulate it.
Oh, well, yes, to do that, because that's in a state.
And that's why he voted against having Martin Luther Coon Day until it became politically unacceptable.
And that's why he's against the woman's right to choose.
And every other guy airs the whole agenda right down the list.
He's right there.
And he's got a voting record in the Senate to bear it out of as opposed to George W,
who's just a governor of a Southern state with a lot of people on death row.
27 afternoon at 5, 60, WQA.
Michael can't keep a attacker in his pants.
Nothing badly presents the hilarious new porn game that'll have you laughing till you poop!
Colossomy!
Colossomy's the game, and that's no bulls.
It's off on a game until the bad gets full.
Colossomy!
Roll the dice and look ahead!
Free space and...
Ooh, you get creamed corral.
Oh no!
But watch out!
Friend, loving!
Oh!
You showed my Colossomy bag!
Ha ha ha ha!
Colossomy!
You're laughing till you're calling first.
It'll send you a hold with the Hershey's first.
Colossomy!
You know, for Milton's sake!
Look, Bradley!
All right!
Call 31 at 5, 60, WQA.
I really appreciate hearing from that young punk, the McCain guy.
That's at least the third time he's called already.
Last few weeks with the same...
You know, if you like John McCain, more power to you, okay?
Maybe somebody can fill out that then voter registration thing for you,
and you get registered to actually vote.
All the way down it.
See, that's always a good political dialogue when you come back.
Well, goars are pussy.
That's good.
I haven't checked his anatomy lately, but nevertheless, it doesn't hold too much your political water...
with me.
God.
So Miguel is not out there at the QA event.
I just mentioned that.
Now, I guess Miguel won't be going on his van things during the show anymore.
Other day, parts he might go.
But during this show, he won't go out there because every time I mention Miguel is out there in a van with an FU,
then all those fags who listen to the show go out, you know.
All those guys lighten the loafers.
And try to hit on former Miguel, who he's not interested.
Just because he's Cuban, is that mean he's interested?
Oh, no.
Well, not this week.
He's taking a week off.
That's not why he doesn't want to go out there during the show.
Because he wants to stay close to you.
Sounds good to me.
5.6.7.
Hey, listen, it's lunchtime.
I can always cancel with mine.
And for that, I would.
5.6.7.0.5.60, pound 5.60, on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a, wait a minute, my own line.
Too bad.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
What is that?
Some jackass.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Four Myers.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Pleasure to talk to you.
Yes, it is.
Crazy day.
Hey, listen.
I grew up with a very prejudice mom, very non-predigious father.
Basically, stereotypes, there's a lot of realism.
And these black people need to understand that.
They got to understand that the old neighborhood, I grew up on the west side of Buffalo and then moved out to Hamburg.
Oh, all right.
Buffalo Raceway, baby.
I know we're talking.
And you can't even go back to my neighborhood.
Right.
I mean, they ruin it.
Sports.
They're moving in.
They're ruining it.
It's an obvious thing.
What do you mean they're moving in?
Well, I mean, 80% of some sports.
Like the NBA.
What do you mean they're moving in?
They've taken over the NBA then, dark folks.
Yeah.
And FLCDNFL.
Yeah.
So, you know, but as far as mainly baseball, foes and foes.
When you go to a nice restaurant, they give you nice food.
Basically, these people go home and open up a can of spaghetti.
They'll eat that hot dog crap.
Hey, I got news for you.
I'd rather have a nice can of Frankl Merck and spaghetti.
Oh, seriously, I'd rather take Frankl Merck and spaghetti, take a nice slice of Swiss cheese, put some last paper over it, cover it, and heat it up in a microwave for like 95 seconds.
And make me a nice cheese spaghetti.
Not that that's great, but I'm telling you, I'd rather have that.
Then the slap that they're feeding the public at a ridiculous price at the macaroon and these other venues.
Right, and you're right.
They accept it, so they're going to give it to it and the profits are there.
I mean, I've never seen such a bunch of weak, yellow-bellied, weak-need assholes in my life as these people.
And then, you know, they'll say, well, do you cost so much to go there?
Part of the reason it costs so much to go there is because the food is so overpriced and the top it all off is an added insult.
Well, it's a bunch of swill.
You think that too a lot has to do with it as far as the food down here?
I mean, you know, up in New York, Chicago, all these places get pretty good food.
You know, maybe they're just used to, you know, eating.
There's plenty of good restaurants here that people that are thinking that this is good food must be people eating McDonald's.
Yeah, and Neil, we used to go to Toronto all the time back in the 70s, what have you coming from Buffalo?
Beautiful city.
Yes, it is.
Beautiful Canada. We go over to remember church in Beach.
No.
Beautiful.
Anyway, Neil, you're the best and there is a God because I just got done talking to him.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
Neil, come on.
I say I brought her for you.
Let's say I brought her for Buffalo Raceway in the late Max Robinson.
Anybody remember Max Robinson?
No.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's coconut crea.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil God.
All right.
You get a Neil God.
Listen, I was just, I was listening to you every day and I try to call up whenever I have some sort of comment to make.
Okay.
Channel 7 news just ran something about sins of the father.
Oh.
Yeah.
Did you get a chance to look at that?
No.
Okay, a South Father, of course, a father down in the Florida Miami area accused of doing some rubbing his beads.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you mean that, that kind of a father like from the other way they, uh, were they dressed on?
Yes, sir.
Oh my God.
Just, uh, if you get a chance and the guy who says, yeah, well, thanks in the church guy.
I want him to take a look at it and, uh, yeah, and, uh, that guy who says no, thanks in the church.
F you.
Okay.
I think that's where he went to school, I think.
You have to call Giverland F you after that.
There's another isolated incident I guarantee you that just not a one time.
I'm just trying to make it.
I'm trying to make it.
Maybe we got to send him up there to Albany.
He can join Denise for a little sucks change and the patty boulder.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course, maybe we could send over some of those men's.
Maybe we could have peppermint patty over at the queer channel.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Can we, they're going to say it once.
7 minutes and 16 seconds.
They're there.
They're on there.
And I said, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah, hello.
Oh, and hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm here.
I just got blanked out on the power line.
I have a lot of blanking out going on.
Well, power line is a lot of lines here.
I'm on power line.
Anyway, yeah.
I listen to your show all the time and I never call them.
But I see it.
Let me call them because I have something that I think would be good for you to interject into your show.
I don't know if you've ever been at a supermarket and you're walking into a supermarket and there is somebody running for office there and he's handing you a pamphlet.
No.
Why you should know for them?
Well, they do that a lot up in New York.
But, you know, if you really want to, we don't live in New York.
Well, they do it.
They do it in Florida too here.
I've seen it down here.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, Fort Lauderdale.
They stand outside and they hand out white clothes for them.
Anyway, make a monster, be sure.
Being a white middle class male, European.
I just said to the gentleman running for office, you know, I didn't, I didn't think I'd send him that there.
I just said to him, you know, not for anything.
I know what you're going to do for everybody else.
What are you going to do for me as a white middle class male in this country?
You know, he didn't, he was like stunned.
He didn't know what to answer me.
I said, you know, I've heard about all the other people that are going to be helped in America.
And I've been listening to it for 52 years.
I'm 52 years old.
I've been paying my taxes.
I've never been on a social program.
And, you know, I'd like to know when, when we get anything from...
When do we get some affirmative action, yes?
No, no, just anything.
What are you going to do for me?
I, I, I gave, you know, they used to have a, on my door in my house, where I was going to sit, I used to put it, I gave, you know, when they, when you give to charities and stuff.
Yeah.
Well, I gave it for 52 years.
When, when is this going to stop, you know, we, everybody bitches about white, attack the party.
Well, what, what, what, what is it you want, what is it you want them to do for you?
Well, everybody bitches in this country about white, attack the party.
Yeah.
If anybody stopped to realize that most of the politicians are buying your vote right now with, with, with, with your money, you know, all they do is promise all the times they can have, they come here, if they're going to give them everything.
But they don't tell you who's going to pay for it.
You know who's paying for it, the assholes that go to work, like I do every day.
Yeah.
And, and, and the way that one's paying the free.
And, if we ask for anything, uh, with, they,
Well, what, what are you want?
What are you asking for, sir?
What do you like him to do for you?
Some of my, some of my rights, some of my rights back, you know.
Like what?
You know, well, if my kid goes to school, I think he has the right to sing a Christmas cow on school, you know.
Of course he does.
Of course he does.
No, he doesn't know.
He doesn't ever write a Christmas here.
Oh, I see.
Or a Christmas here.
Or a Christmas here.
Or a Christmas here.
Or a Christmas here.
No.
I know the way.
We just keep eroding all our rights away.
Sir, he never, he never had the right to sing a religious song in a, in a public school.
And go back to New York, okay?
This town is dying from people like you.
You can smell it a million miles away.
Boy, his kid's right to sing a Christmas carol.
Let your kid sing a Christmas carol at home, okay?
On the goddamn public bus.
Robin, how do you want this to?
Not in goddamn public school.
Keep your religious nonsense out of everybody else's schools, okay, sir?
Stop eroding that man's rights.
Okay.
What a schmuck.
Tid with it, with that, that New York sounded it.
And just now, oh god, makes me think of Jerry Seinfeld and the nanny.
Ed Capwin knows the scores.
Oh, learning it in some of last games.
Yeah.
Weekndite, only on sports radio, 5.50, Q-A-M.
Visual facts in the church.
In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young,
in the return of father knows best.
Step into the confessional belief.
I don't know, father.
This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father knows best.
It's the Vatican's best kept secret.
And you've got a private seat for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the rear.
All right, Billy boy.
It's time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it will, Billy.
It will!
Father knows best.
Once you've seen this news sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Listen to me, it's for Dusha to say, be there.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here.
Okay, 12.45 at 5.60 WQM.
Don't forget the Q-A-M van right now as I speak to nephew all by himself.
Is that the California pizza kitchen 23 or 1 North Federal Highway?
And he'll be there till 130.
He's got free passes for it to the New Times International Beer Fest coming up next Friday,
week from tomorrow the 25th and also free Dan Reno golf passes too.
You can go there and say, bye, Danny boy.
Thanks for the memories.
Bye bye, Danny.
Get out of here.
Time to hang it up.
So here's a fact from Robert.
And I'm a little confused about this because it says movie sporting events, concert air shows, at all.
Usually the event is no longer than three hours.
Why does the person have to eat within that time frame?
People go to work at 8 a.m.
They can go to lunch 11 30 to 1 in general.
They don't need down the job.
No more today it says.
So Robert's also giving instructions on what I should be talking about.
Am I going to pay any attention to Robert?
No.
No.
But nevertheless, see what you don't understand, like I'm trying to explain, is that on week nights when people go to sporting events,
the people who work for a living, which is not only the man, but sometimes the woman, sometimes one or both of the above,
and they go right from work because these events start at 7 30 in the evening most of them.
And as a result, people don't, depending on what time they get out of work and going through rush hour traffic and commuting and doing all the crap that most people do,
they don't have time to sit around, sit around the guy at the end of the table or stop at a fine restaurant and eat before they go to the game on a weekend, different story.
Usually.
And so when you're going to be in a place from say 7 o'clock in the evening till 10 30 at night, that's 3 1 1 2 and you have an eaten since maybe lunchtime,
I think there are a lot of people in addition to which when you go to a baseball game for example, that's part of the tradition.
I'm getting a great hot dog in a ballpark. I go into Red Wing Stadium or now Silver Stadium in Rochester and getting those great goddamn arpeco hot.
Any kind of event like that?
Right.
I point at the theater that time.
When we used to go to high school football games in Canada, when the York right next to my house,
one of the great things that half time or before the game were both was going to get those great hot dogs in the white hots too, with the fried onions.
They were great.
They'll kill you, but they're great.
Delicious.
That's part of the fun to attend this kind of an event.
What's wrong with that, Robert? Are you some kind of a sporesport?
Yeah.
Yeah, some kind of a white blanket, some kind of a wall flower.
Yeah.
Come on, Robert, get with it.
I'm sorry, I'm not talking about this anymore today.
I want to piss Robert off.
You should have the option, okay?
There should be the option when you attend an event just like go to the movies.
What's going to a movie for crying out loud without getting some candy to rip your guts out?
Like some non-parells boy, I do love non-parells.
Does that what they call them?
The little ones with the, or the, the wafer ones.
I don't know.
You don't know what non-parells are?
I don't think it's had them.
The little chocolates with the white little things on them.
Those are snow cats.
Yeah, snow cats non-parells.
Somebody will know.
Or how about Neko Wafer's? Those are good.
Those will just write your teeth out while the movie is on.
I like good and plenty.
Good and plenty is not bad.
And jujubes for all you go.
I am bored.
Yeah, jujubes.
Milk duds.
Milk duds are great just here.
Oh, I love milk duds.
That's part of enjoying the evening.
I was going to say a good movie, even a bad movie.
What's wrong with that?
It's the American F and Way, Robert.
And quite frankly, I'd rather buy something in a box than wait in the food at the macaroon and in a box.
And at least when you buy a box in milk duds, you know it's going to be good.
You know exactly what you're going to get unless corth are still.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Lake Worth, yes sir.
Yeah, I have season tickets for the ranges in the mid 80s and the food at Madison Square Garden.
A was expensive.
Two was a bunch of schmett.
Yeah.
So a lot of these arenas nails.
Not just down here.
Why is that?
Why does it have to be that way?
It shouldn't be that way.
But they have you.
They have a gun to your head.
And what I used to do at, you know, Madison Square Garden was I'd bring a sandwich in.
I would tell them I'm a diabetic.
You're a diabetic.
Well, I'm a diabetic.
Is that going to work for me?
I think that if you're a diabetic, I think you have a good opportunity to get by with that.
Yeah.
You know, because you know, you say I have a special food I have to eat and they can't.
I don't know.
They can't keep me from bringing it in.
I think you might have a right to bring it in at that point.
Either that or just follow massive lawsuit.
I'm dying on the air.
Yeah.
Neil, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Sure.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He's got an idea.
What if you're kosher?
Oh, how come we don't have like nice kosher or a weenies there?
What's this guy's name again?
Oh, that's right.
This guy's a greaser.
No, seriously, this guy's a lot.
This is a salvatore for rule.
And so anyway, what does he know about kosher?
He bring you in hot dogs.
And these are the guys named salvatore.
And they're passing off Boston concessions as passing off as pizza.
Now they're 17 and they're setting up a place, they're going
to still pick up to that Dremton that is out there on the
air.
Like ICS is silence.
It seems like we can know that King Fillet here.
You mean if this man has bigger bags of meat for his Зalusunits?
787-785-6345.
I mean, like this, like this is rocket science, this is controversial, that when you spend
your money, you should expect to get a good product in return, but because you happen
to be spending it in a certain place, therefore you're expecting it crap, where is the logic
in that?
Talk about being conditioned and brainwashed and manipulated, like a bunch of putzes that
we are.
There's no backbone in America, baby.
God forbid that we ever wind up in a war again, because there's no backbone in this
country today.
Let me tell you that right now.
Here's a mobile in
the process.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Thank you for making your movement.
I'm calling you about a comment that you made on Monday.
This is the first time I have a test to get to the whole Monday.
I don't think I made any of them.
It's probably an old tape because Monday we played the best stuff because they were doing the wall
paper in the place with 110 degrees.
It's shocking.
We couldn't have a live show when I was still on vacation.
Anyway.
Okay.
You made a comment on Monday.
I'm hoping I got it right.
You were talking about how religion breeds hate and promote hate.
That's so really correct.
Yes.
Okay.
I guess I got it correct.
Yeah.
That's talking to me.
I thought I wanted for a while.
My pastor, the son of before this Monday, mentioned something very similar to what you said.
So when I heard you make that comment, it made me really think.
And I said, you know, it's really unfortunate that the religious people of the church convey that kind of a message to society.
When in reality, you know, the message that God wanted to get people was that he did love them and did kiss them.
Yeah.
That's why every time he got pissed off, he was bringing them and destroying them and telling them to kill each other.
I mean, how can you believe that nonsense about a loving God?
Well, I believe it.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean
I mean, you know, this guy wants to, I'm delighted for you, sir.
I'm happy with you, you're a bright guy.
It's nice talking to you.
You seem like a real nice guy, but you just, you don't want to come to grips with the real world.
That's okay.
People who need a crutch, Linus needed a security blanket until the day they put Charles Shulson
a box and they probably put Linus's blanket and there were them too.
Some people need that.
I don't need it.
I don't want it.
It's too fat for me.
1257 at 560.
Whatever that means.
This is 560, QAM.
Don't you hear me?
Oh, I heard you for a lottery day.
What was your president speaking?
Yeah, I got so much time nowadays.
I even listened to that Neil Rogers one to two hours.
It's good.
It's good.
Okay.
It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come, you can hear the squirts.
We can take go and tease with our manicure go tease.
It's a day after all.
We'll be holding hands in adventure and watch the lies of an alley marching band.
We'll make a tourist treat with a kiss on the cheek.
It's a gay day after all.
We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold one, and wear mascara like Billy's days.
We can then sew way as we present our shade.
It's a gay day after all.
All right.
MGM will have a liberty ball hosted by a wrist-daler and a root ball.
They're really murdering on the rock.
Not to mention people like hot kids a gay day after all.
Oh!
It's a gay day after all.
It's a gay day after all.
It's a gay day after all.
It's a gay day after all.
That's it.
We got hanging out of your cure.
Okay.
102 at 560 WQM is our big one and two hour.
And there's our best personal friend, South balcony that we've been waiting for for a coon's age, if I can say that.
With our sole water.
Boy, we have been polishing over here to quote George.
Waiting for that sole water.
You know, we've done the tap ran a little bit dry.
And I don't want to mention that the color-good machine I was mysteriously disappeared from the building.
And all that water that we arranged for like a year ago.
Remember those great glorious days when we first came up here on the turd floor.
And our good, close personal relationship with the color-good people.
I don't want to mention Todd Drekker is good friend of that agency that destroyed that relationship almost before it started.
I don't want to thank you, Sally.
You're the best.
See, there's our bird.
I beg your pardon.
You got me the big one.
You got me the big one.
I'd like the big one.
Or the medium one and the small one too.
Speaking of that, by the way, Miguel is not into the thing.
Let's just pretend Miguel is out there.
Okay, get a gigantic gathering.
Yeah, the nephew just called in from the QA and Van.
He said that as soon as I mentioned Miguel's name, the crowd was swelling.
He said it was gigantic and the crowd too.
They were swelling in their pants.
The QA and Van, it's at the California Pizza Kitchen, 23 or 1 North Federal Highway.
In fact, I got a great idea for you.
From now on, here's a spectacular idea.
Every time the nephew goes out on one of these deals.
So that the, you know, Miguel doesn't have to be hassled in person.
We'll get some autographed pictures of Miguel, like in his BVDs or something like that.
What's wrong with that?
Air V Fag with under 200 mile radius will be out there.
In fact, there's a whole busload coming over from four Myers.
I hear, man, there's more for Fags and for Myers than you can check a sheep hat.
That's what I'm hearing.
Wow.
Anyway, he'll be Biddle 130 for the nephew at California Pizza Kitchen.
If he passes the Blue Times International Beer Fest on a week from tomorrow,
on Friday, February 25th, and then Reno Gaul passes, too.
And did you notice what I just said on tomorrow?
That's a dark person's thing.
Oh, did you ever hear a dark person say a black, complexed person say,
oh, I'll see you on tomorrow?
No.
Yes.
That's part of a black ease.
Black ease speak.
Yeah.
I've heard him say, let me hold a pencil.
Let me hold it.
That's what Cecil says.
Let me hold it.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
I hear he's in a holding cell right now.
Yes, sir.
How are you, my friend?
Great.
Two points I have to make.
Okay.
The frontier out in Las Vegas.
That strike has been home for almost two years.
But they're still picking out there because practice makes perfect.
No, sir.
Just so you used to have him seen him out there.
You don't know.
This is one of the last at the seventh years.
One of the longest.
I know.
That's why I got used to seeing him there.
Yeah, but then the date settled.
It's now called the transfer.
I guess it was worthwhile or not or maybe they just all died off.
Also, you said something today makes my blood boil.
Yes.
We're talking about volunteers.
I don't have a problem with people volunteering for a not-for-profit organization.
But what a profit organization uses volunteers to increase their bottom line.
That's criminal.
It is.
And you have hospital care.
But you know what it reminds me of?
It's like the scandal that we had with our OJ golf tournament.
Exactly.
And what I pointed out then and nobody seems to care about is that charities are so desperate to raise money.
That if you give them like one tenth of one percent, they'll kiss your ass and do anything you tell you ask them to do.
You know, you follow what I'm saying?
Exactly.
As a result, that's easy for them to do that.
And they're pulling the world over the public size.
And then they invite the prices even more, which makes it that much more unacceptable and outrageous.
Oh, yeah.
You know, even your radio station.
They use it turns there.
Yeah.
These are not paid people.
They are paid paid paid paid.
They don't be knocking our interns.
I'm not knocking your insurance.
They're not paying people.
And they don't be knocking JP.
They're not paying people.
Our interns are in debt.
Don't knock Shannon.
Georgia will come after your ass.
But they work with an axe.
Free.
You know, at that.
They get an education.
Yeah, but the idea with that though, I mean, that's not a financial thing.
The idea with that is they're supposedly getting their foot in the door and the, you know, the proposal.
You have to start as a wannabe as a Friday.
Right, you know.
You're supposedly right.
That's where I have to start.
And God bless you.
Right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Thank God for self-alcony.
Boy, he's getting pretty cheap with it.
That's all he brought.
Oh, those are the big bottles.
I'm sorry.
Well, no, I know he's listening on the way out.
I just wanted to realize that he said he'll be back when a new shipment comes in.
Oh, they're a little low.
They're a little low.
Well, we're feeling mighty low.
Okay, because I started to mention before the Collagen Water is vanished.
Not that we ever drank it anyway, because we have our great Soleil Water.
But it was kind of nice for all the other people in the building.
Don't blame us.
If you want to get pissed off, you don't have your free Collagen Water anymore up here.
You can blame Todd Dreck for that, or you can go to the guy named Vending Machine
by the Ziffer Hills Water for how much a bottle?
50 cents.
50 cents, but that same bottle cost you like a buck 75 with a Macarena.
So what a bargain it is.
And of course, now that these people have great investments, which I can't say what they are,
but now they're going to be making a lot of money.
Oh, Jordan, just spit it up right there.
Look at that.
Yeah, what's 50 cents when you lose it all that money, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Right, Joe Costello, huh?
Joe.
Uh-huh.
You know, I'd like Joe an awful lot, as you know.
But I never realized he was as naive and dumb.
I mean, why wouldn't he listen to me?
Why would he listen to them and go through all that business that you told me about,
which I can't talk about it on the air because we're still in a quiet period.
But I mean, oh, man.
It's like, please, please, let me lose my money.
Please give me the opportunity.
I want to be miserable like everybody else.
It would be like Jews trying to break into concentration camps during World War II.
It just didn't happen.
There weren't people trying to hop aboard those trains, you know.
It just didn't happen.
Not voluntarily.
Here is Daniel.
Hello.
Daniel.
Hi, I'm Daniel.
Okay, sir.
That's a, uh, I went to the Macarena last night.
First time ever.
Good game.
It was a good, great game.
Yeah.
But, uh, you know, I've never got those good seats.
Somebody gave me their season tickets.
Yeah.
And I'm sitting there in this kind of richy section.
And I went with a buddy of mine.
And every time, you know, something good happened, you know, we stand up and start cheering
and screaming.
These old parts in front of us kept looking back at us.
Like we were talking in a movie theater, loud, you know.
Yeah.
And they got, you know, they got real pissed off from probably the thing to do then is start kicking them in the back of the seat a lot, you know.
Yeah, right?
Yeah, I got them.
It was an accident, but I got them.
You know, the first goal in Pavell scored.
Yeah, that was great.
Yeah, that was a good one.
Yeah, I was killer.
I had my first, uh, I had a couple of ice in my hand.
Yeah.
Because, you know, I couldn't afford a freaking beer in that joint.
But anyway, this key, you know, he scored and I jumped up in my ice.
God, I don't know, you know, there was old people.
Oh, God, I'm right.
Excellent.
Good job.
I got up and wrapped.
Good, beauty.
That's the way to do it.
But yeah, it was, uh, it was a great game.
I'm going to have to start going to those things.
But I'm going to stay up in the popper section.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, they probably, they probably a little harder.
Yeah, they put it guys with the poppers are okay.
Have a great time, pal.
He's up with the poppers.
So anyway, what was in that drawer we were talking about in Steve Nichols desk?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, by the way, I do want to apologize to Peter Leonard for outing him on the year yesterday about this.
No.
Do I want to apologize for him?
No.
No.
I mean, I don't dislike Peter Leonard.
I just, it's just you reach the point where you get so tired of people unloading their personal baggage on you.
You know what I'm saying?
We all have our own thing.
We all have our own deals.
And I'm a good listener.
I don't mind hearing once in a while.
But just an incestent never ending a bunch of aloney of other people's personal baggage that they keep unloading on you.
Just like what started with that litter with the kids and all that.
Remember that with that one account?
God.
You have to like put your pants up and you know, stand up on the top of the mountain top once in a while and be a man.
Like me.
Be a real man.
How's Miguel doing, by the way?
That's a real man.
No, they can I tell you who's a real man?
And they show that this show is so popular at the terrible show, by the way.
So popular in Amsterdam.
They show it twice a day.
Silk stockings Roy Estes.
Who now, of course, is me on Melrose Place now?
And of course, much older and has lost it.
But nevertheless, that is a real man.
From when he was on that show, which of course now he's like an older real man.
Not quite so real anymore.
And I'm what?
You don't know where I am.
I'm not sure.
No.
Silk stockings terrible show all the way.
He had great sports jackets.
They were like a peach and lime.
And it was in Palm Beach, too, by the way.
I like the Liza pass.
Yeah, right.
Passdales.
Peach.
My favorite was the purple.
Boy, you sure look good in that purple.
Uh-huh.
Always look peachy to me.
Roy Estes.
Of course, now it's like everything else.
It's like Corey Hart.
You know, I see that the infomercial Corey Hart.
That's 20 years ago.
Can you imagine what he looks like now?
Oh my God.
Jesus.
Wake up with the first key.
No.
Jeff DeParis and Steve Goe's team.
No.
Good morning to six.
Only on sports radio 560 QAAM.
Were you fuzz back then?
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Check them.
My ain't it.
Feel.
Yeah.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Feel.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Feel.
Yeah.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Hi kids.
Y'all like cutting little sneakers?
That's funny little sounds that comes right out your fingers.
Want a coffee knee and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spot's good what I'm going to fall on.
And Dr. Dre asks,
You little man, you past kids.
Yeah, I know.
What do I still ask?
I ain't used to say.
Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like hot grip and gases and jutein was pretty swell.
I got this dog when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard it turned my lungs off backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like,
Oh, in her head, then front out my ass, fast to the fat V2A2 fat.
Smell this honey.
Yeah, just wait a minute.
That's a girl, huh?
I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to think the world up.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
I just see you want to me kick out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something.
Prove up my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapeware.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club.
My testers were filled up.
Moon the bob tennis took a dump and a tip club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agar.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do.
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper.
Make a record about strange noises.
Made on the crap.
You know you will derp when the women rush to leave.
You drive the hoes of back, but you but he didn't receive.
This guy on white cat's sense was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
There's something else that I could enjoy eating at the movies at M&M.
117 is 5.60 W.
Did anybody call about 94L?
No.
Snowcats, maybe it's the same thing.
Chocolate drops with white.
White the beads.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's snowcats.
Do you do bees?
Do you ever have do you do bees?
Oh yeah, sure.
Oh yeah.
Those are really put your fillings up.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Neil?
Great.
Actually, you can get non-parals in any flavor of snowcats on your first one at the chocolate.
But listen, I wanted to touch on the religion subject there of a couple of things I'm reading my free thought today from the freedom from religion.
Just got in.
Of course, we've known all along it about 70 billion a year, goes into our religious organizations.
Let me see if you can.
170.705.
Yeah, 175 billion record last year given to these organizations.
And according to the giving you a chase, who monitors philanthropic giving and things of that nature, 90% of that went right into religious groups.
Only 99.2% went to all others.
That is, and get this.
The GOP caught by the Scripps Howard News Service giving $250,000 to the National Right to Life Committee.
Isn't that something?
Now we're going to get in there and personally finance the...
Words of a feather blow off abortion clinics together.
You know, and these fundamentalists, and all of them really are always talking about the 90% to 10% belief via the Gallup.
And what they don't establish or allow to be known there is that as religious beliefs decline, even so says Gallup education levels, the education level rises, the religious beliefs decline.
And every area where that's half, of course.
It's about this Bible teaching in the school.
And we know that just the Lee County just lost this fight over there.
And now 14 other counties have taken up this thing to teach this as history.
And like you said before, what they need is comparative religion.
I would have no problem with them teaching the Bible.
If they didn't have unbiased people putting their spin on it, joy.
The only problem I have with that, I think it is a good idea, but the problem is that they're doing such a poor job of teaching kids the basics, and they can't read, and they can't write, and they can't spell, and they can't articulate.
So, you know, if they had a lot of spare time and we were doing a good job with a much more important subject, then I would say that would be fine.
But I don't think we have the luxury of voicing their time with a lot of nonsense, like all the different Bibles and all these fairy tales.
Let them read Grimm's fairy tales, at least that's entertaining.
I agree. All the religion retards the education anyhow to say was a mind from thinking, but if they're going to teach it, they might as well be unbiased, George gave them a good blast months back, which reading all these unspeakable atrocities that might be.
George was attacking religion?
He was getting these tracks from the Bible, but I know he's going to be able to think that evil heart, that poison heart.
Dirty heart. Dirty heart.
About time they heard those things.
Okay, God bless you.
Thanks Neil.
Thank you.
I'll play for us.
So anyway, how about that West Life, huh?
Now, see, if I'm, if I'm, what's his name?
Kid Scurvy over there at pound 96, and I know that Neil Ranger's got this West Life CD, which I've had this for a long time anyway, the album.
I'm making a copy of this, and I'm playing this on here like immediately, not sooner.
We'll probably get around to it.
Well, what's wrong with them?
Huh?
Like blue.
They could have been the first ones in the world to play that in America, like on a real music station.
Did they do it?
No.
No.
Now, they did play, uh, Bravo Wallstars.
I will give him credit for that.
Like about two or three times.
That was the end of that.
But I'm telling you, West Life is going to be gigantic, and the album is being released in this country very, very soon.
In fact, maybe as I speak, the great group, even in spite of what George says, because every group that I like, I don't like to faggot.
Yeah, and what about it?
Because everything that faggot's like first, then the straight guys like later on, like disco.
Look at Smegma.
That was popular for about five minutes.
Look at Tommy Hill, uh, finger.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be something to fall the guys, all the straight guys wearing Tommy Hill finger viewers that it's a fag thing?
That would be bad, she, but don't tell them that because then they'll stop buying it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
How's Calvin Klein doing?
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Lake Worth.
Yeah, Saintele.
How are you doing?
Great.
I definitely enjoy your show.
I would like to say that, uh, the week and a half that you were off.
Not, not that I didn't like George, but, uh,
Not that we want to knock George, but, but,
Did you partake in any of the, yeah, I'm on over an Amsterdam?
No, I'm on.
No, months.
No.
A couple of things for you.
You were talking about great hockey announcer yesterday.
Yes.
Uh, I got one that I got to add.
Dan Kelly.
Yeah, I think Louis Blitz.
Great.
And, uh, I didn't know if you had any material from him.
No, but of course the one that everybody's heard 50 million times is Bobby Orscore in the Golden Winni-Standly Cup.
You know, Sanderson or Bobby Orscore, you know, we've seen that 50 million times.
Dan, you were great, but we've seen it enough, you know.
Yeah, right.
Well, I'm from St. Louis and, uh,
KMOX, baby.
There it is.
The big, big box.
The great Jack Buck, the great Harry Carey when he was doing a cardinal games.
Yeah.
And the great probably before your time, but probably maybe one of the best of all was Buddy Blatner,
who did the old St. Louis Hawks before they left town?
Uh, wasn't familiar with that one.
Buddy Blatner.
He used to do the game of the week baseball on TV back in the early 50s with Dizzy Dean,
and they got screwed over it as usual, though.
He was the good broadcaster.
He got canned in Dizzy Dean, and we're totally illiterate.
They kept him on the broadcast with Tony Kubak, another illiterate.
Yeah, I kind of stopped following the blues after my team and destroyed the team.
Yeah.
But I would like to say, I got a chance to go down to the national cardinal.
The Yanta Center, yeah.
And it's not like watching the hockey game up north.
It's just, there's not, the ooze and eyes are very limited.
And that's it.
Yeah, I just wanted to go.
The ooze and eyes are more, more likely to happen when they're having the puck shuffle there,
you know, with somebody in the crowd when there's a pause in the action.
Right.
And you're like, in fact, I went out yesterday to take a leak.
This is a true story, because when the little pink light comes on,
I mean, it's commercial time, and that's always a good time to run and take a leak
during the middle of the period you won't miss anything.
And I went out and went out and took a leak, and I started coming back,
and I hear all this reaction from the crowd, and I realized there's no way the game has started again,
and somebody in my section, a guy who sits a few hours below, he said to me,
gee, did we miss something?
I said, no, it's probably just a puck shuffle.
And sure enough, I look up there on the board, and here's something brought
as picking out where the puck is hidden.
Yeah, it's some stupid contest again.
That's when you hear the ooze and eyes is when the little blink goes over when they're slinging
a t-shirt's up in the crowd, and when the puck shuffle comes on the thing.
The t-shirt says you wash, and you can put them on your teddy bear next week.
Exactly.
Hey, I love you talking about the advertising sales, guys.
The guy that ball hit a guy?
The Mike?
Yeah, the chain smoker?
Yeah.
I'm in advertising sales.
For a newspaper out here.
I'll pray for your power.
Okay, buddy.
Good luck.
Yeah, poor Mike.
And then of course, there was a chronic masturbator that we had in,
whose name was also, oh, I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, Pompah.
So is it true that Peter Leiter's leaving your juice to make that up?
Well, he asked me for.
I don't know.
I just don't like him coming in here blaming me.
If you want to keep something of secret, don't run around, blabbing it around a building.
Don't keep dropping your heavy baggage on everybody else.
That would like me come on here the other day talking about my broker screwing up my
goddamn account.
Now, and the reason I did do that is because a lot of other people can relate to that.
Because everybody in their brother now is investing.
This is the whole American way now.
Everybody, they have five shares.
They've got a million shares.
Whatever they got.
It's the whole thing now.
They're tuning the CNBC.
They're tuning into all the stuff.
CN and FN constantly never ending.
Because we've been condom believing that somebody on there knows what they're talking about.
And maybe we'll get lucky.
Like I said before, you go to the track.
At least they put on a good show.
You get some entertainment while you're losing.
You go to Vegas.
You get great entertainment while you're losing your ass.
And at least you got like a long shot.
Maybe you'll get lucky and hit a strike at rich.
Like that Puma stock.
Four dollars.
It opening 142 bucks a share.
It's founded like 78 or something now.
That's still take it.
Four dollars a share.
I want to say right here on the year I am a moron.
I'm an idiot.
I'm a dumbbell.
I'm stupid.
Online health.
I said, OK, I'll give that a shot.
It went in the toilet.
I lost like two thirds of the money on that.
OK, you invest 30 grand.
You get 10 grand.
In fact, not a good investment.
Is it?
No.
No.
And the same person gave us the other one to give me online health.
I said, you know, if you're burned once, what do they say?
Fool me once.
I'm a schmuck in the fool me twice.
And I'll blow your brains out.
Something like that.
I said, I don't think so.
That's why I invite it's not the Puma footwear.
It's I don't even know what the hell they do.
It's some other thing.
Like some Indian guy.
I think it's a drug drugs went from $4 to 142.
That means if you invested if you invested 30 grand at $4.
You following me?
And it went like 50, 40 say 40 times.
35 times.
That's a million.
That's over a million bucks.
That's a million five hundred.
Did I do it?
No.
And of course it's obvious I didn't do it because if I would have done it,
would I be sitting here right now?
No.
Of course not.
So that's the good news.
See there's something to look on the bright side.
I wouldn't be here just dazzling you with all my bullshit if I would have done that.
Fifty-seven years old.
That's not all enough to retire.
Is it?
Uh-huh.
Twenty-six after one at five sixty WQA.
Oh, God, Neil.
From the director of the Shawshank Redemption.
It's the movie.
The new Tom Hanks would eventually make.
God did not put a gift like that in the pants of a man who he did not intend to use it.
Starring another slow-witted southerner, our president.
See, told me not to go near it because it was so big and never right.
Oh, yeah.
Well, what's the day?
Here, take my hat and wipe your chin off.
Would you?
Can't have any evidence.
It's the cream to smile.
What's the, that was almost really embarrassing.
Yeah, do you see any more anywhere else?
Oh, well, you see you still miss some, dammit.
You have to clean that up, darling.
The cream to smile in CDP eaters everywhere.
Squirt, Squirt.
One thirty one at five sixty WQA.
And so somebody, one of my chronic facts, it's factored me a picture.
Not a real good one of Rob Estes.
Rob Estes.
Rob Estes.
Man, it's your stuck, he said in the door.
I said, what do you think of Rob Estes?
He said, he has a stud.
Yeah.
Anybody can see that.
He has a stud.
Was.
Not is was.
And now, of course, he's on that, uh, what is it?
Melrose Place.
Boy, how's that show been on all this time?
God.
Let's bring back nots landing.
I think we'll be able to hear from our group host personal friend once in a
great while.
A while away, doubted nots getting close to thanks time.
How do you think we'll ever hear from her again?
No.
No.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Kendall.
Hello.
Mobile and Kendall.
Yeah, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Just to let you know there is a blank spot there.
You don't hear you on your first round.
When you say hello or, you know,
there's a blank spot.
Yeah, completely dead.
Oh, completely dead.
Okay.
Anyway, give me a moment here.
What a great phone system that we got in here, huh?
I'll be there.
I've only been doing this a hundred years, but for some strange reason.
I mean, Greg Reed came to law for it, didn't he?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
Anyway, give me a minute here.
I just want to change the subject just a minute.
I just want to know if you, it's okay.
I don't think we're getting as allowance that week.
You've seen the paper this morning, uh, as far as, uh,
our illustrious school system in Miami.
What about it?
Yeah, I think it's a good thing.
The, uh, the, the slapping face that Oprah with for you guys.
Yeah.
From Henry Frang.
Yes.
Our right.
Our upper opportunity anger is the faculty at Turner Tech rhymes with
Drek, yes.
Yeah.
Our, uh, uh, leg top.
Wow.
That's because Henry Frang.
I mean, that guy, you just look at him and you say if he's got anything to do with the
school system, we're in big trouble.
Anybody, you know, anybody just looks at that guy.
They know that.
Did you see the editorial what they put in the back?
Yes, I did.
It's a book that he's going to come up with.
Ripping him an ass.
But the whole thing is that I'm trying to find out is, is there any way that you might think
of, I know you live up the Howard, but that we can get him to retire and then he can go out
for the Florida straights or something like that and just sit on a boat or something.
Okay.
We'll work on it.
Okay.
We'll get him a rubber wrap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
If we had one lady on the other day, you know, I noticed that we've had some on hold there.
Uh, see now you got me between a rock and a hard place.
But they just don't hang on.
Here's a pig reporting for Lauderdale.
First, hello.
Hey, you.
Yes, sir.
Got a big sighting on Cypress Creek Road about a mile west of Federal Highway.
All right.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
He's cranking it up on the radio, too.
Here's a lady, finally.
A lady mobile and cruel springs.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Just wanted to let you know that Rob S.D.'s and Melrose Place, they've been off the air for a year.
Oh, so those are just reruns that they're showing somewhere?
Just reruns.
I don't even know where your flying to them.
But I have a question for you.
Oh, well, I guess it was over there.
They showed that in Amsterdam.
That's where I saw that.
That's probably what it is.
It's gone.
It's very bad.
What about those talking?
That was a hell of a show.
Not a good show as far as the content.
Yeah, but to look at him is pretty good.
He was pretty good, especially with those pastil sports jackets.
Yeah, I'll tell you that.
I have a question for you.
I have a 22-year-old son who's going for that test.
Where was him backwards?
Any good suggestions?
They think he's got IBS.
I know you've been through that in the past month.
Any good suggestions?
Yeah, I mean, should he do it?
Is it invasive?
No, it is not at all.
Tom, she's no problem at all.
Tell us you'd be his worth problem.
Yeah, you're absolutely right.
Better off to find out what it is.
You know what I'm saying?
You got it.
Get to the meat of the matter.
Okay, good luck.
Thank you.
Bye.
IBS is a matter of fact.
Speaking of IBS, we got a product here that Gary Sarner brought in.
I better not talk about it until I take someone to you.
What?
Oh, you're going to sneeze?
God bless you.
How do these things smell?
They don't have any smell.
Natrin's healthy trinity.
Sounds like a religious thing.
Uh-huh.
Well, look at that.
There's a little picture of Jan and Paul Crocs on the back of the bottle.
Is it there?
No.
Just a joke.
But that healthy trinity thing, that sounds, oh, like trinity broadcasting.
Makes me feel a little unclean.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And I'll say it again.
Roy S.D.'s unsocstalkings.
If anybody wants to know the definition of a real man, that's, uh, that was a real man,
right there.
If you want to, if anybody in the audience wants to see, of course, I don't know where you'll see that,
you want to see that, you want to see that.
Maybe you'll have to get on a plane and go to Amsterdam and turn on, uh, one of those,
whatever those cable channels they got.
And you'll see it, like 30 times a day.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I know you're always concerned about your blood sugar.
And, uh, my mother having been to the doctor herself recently with, uh, with, uh, told us she needed to start taking
insurance.
Yeah.
I went out to the cell to check who are called simply an actor.
And got her, uh, this new product called, uh, Tankreas Tonic.
And they have some documentation that, uh, that it can actually reproduce, tankryous, uh, insulin-producing
cells in the tankryous.
Yeah.
And she went back to the doctor and she ran up to, after she's been taking it for several
weeks and the doctor says, continue taking a medicine.
You're doing great.
A little bit, she couldn't, she didn't have the heart to tell him.
She hasn't touched the medicine.
Hmm.
So, and it's both the blood.
Well, doesn't she take her on blood sugar?
No, she hasn't gotten that far yet.
She's, uh, uh, like, what do you mean she hasn't gotten that far yet?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, he told it, he's, we wanted to put her on the pill insulin right off the bat.
So, you know, because she's not that bad, but, uh, when she went back to him, she's, uh,
well, how does she know how, what her blood sugar went back and had a test of again several
times?
Yeah.
And he said, well, why wouldn't she get one of those little things that you have to do that?
Well, she's not, I guess, she's not that bad yet.
Listen to me.
Don't say she's not that bad yet.
Trust me when I tell you, okay?
Because this is, this is not something to play games with.
It's serious business.
You go into the, uh, Walgreens or any drugstore and they cost like $89,000.
And you get $1,000 or whatever.
And you get one of those little, uh, acupids or whatever, whatever.
They're all kinds of different ones.
And you have to prick your finger a little bit, but you can use to that a couple of times
today.
You have to check your own blood sugar.
Yeah.
Well, um, I guess we'll have to get her one of those.
Absolutely.
I'll tell you.
I mean, just saying, well, she went back once in a while or, uh, that's not going to do it.
Well, he had several doctors appointment and over the time she's been taking these pills.
She never took his medicine.
She just actually took this stuff called pancreas tonic, which, like I said, they had some
documentation and health facilities that reproduces those cells that produce, matter of fact, if
you're the other way, low blood sugar, you're not supposed to go near this stuff because it will make you even worse if you're a low blood sugar.
But, uh, yeah, she just taken in and seems to be working for her, you know, it could be a great way.
Okay.
Well, send me a couple of bottles.
I'll check it out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
You didn't sound like he was plugging the health food store or whatever it was because he mentioned it in the year, which is okay.
But the 70, 20 or 30 bottles, all it's, you know how it works.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, you have to, you have to be able to handle like a little prick a couple of times a day in your finger.
On your finger, she all his little prick marks on the end of my fingers.
What does that tell you?
That I just came back from Amsterdam.
What kind of an answer is that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 tier.
You have to take your own blood sugar, mister.
You have to take control of your own health.
You crazy people out there to keep running into doctors to check your blood pressure and your blood sugar.
You got to be out of your mind.
Yeah.
And they charge you for an office visit every time you want to check your blood pressure?
Man.
What a racket they got going.
Grey robbers.
Butchers.
22, 4, 2, 5, 60, QAM.
QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday.
Saturday morning 6, 6 with Chocostello.
Right here on Sports Radio 5, 60, QAM.
She takes orgasms.
I take four plates.
This is the face of erectile dysfunction.
And this is the face of erectile dysfunction.
And this is the reaction to erectile dysfunction.
Yep, that's what you're looking at, guy.
You may never be able to recover from an incident like that again.
But you won't have to worry about that if you supplement your EDS procedure with Dr. Richard Wyners, Dr. Dick Extenders.
Whether the Viagra works or not, you are secure with Dr. Dick Extenders.
Ask your medical practitioner for details on Dr. Dick Extenders today.
You'll be glad you did.
143, don't forget we can't say Dick on here.
Can we maybe next year 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got a hang coming up at two in the studio.
Her cool hotline at six, seven o'clock to booster from Shulas.
And then we got the ADK at Flagler at 10 o'clock tonight.
A wild agenda.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Cory Sabin is back from four Myers.
Everybody's excited about that.
He's not too excited about it.
But everyone in buildings like the scene he's doing great.
Got a little bit of his hair back.
What more could you want?
There's a mobile in four lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm a firefighter here in a lotterdale in the middle of a three alarm fire.
And I figured I'd put the hose down to see if he had any tickets.
Yeah.
No, I'm just kidding.
I know.
I'm waiting for the good material.
Okay, that was bad.
Remember when the models first started and in the...
Don't forget to get back to the cardiologist that pulled off the road too.
Yeah, I know.
Did you go to any baseball games that first year?
Sure.
First couple of years, first two or three years.
I remember in the outfield they had the picnic area.
Sure.
Okay, well when I first went like the first year I saw you know smoke coming up.
Like what are they doing?
Well they were cooking hamburger, hot dogs, whatever.
Then they had these parties where like these companies will buy a lot of tickets and everybody will go to the picnic area.
Well I went like three years ago and I was like, I was all excited.
I had to go to the game, I'll go to the picnic area.
The food was so disgusting.
They don't even want to beat you anymore.
They have it in those metal trays.
No, gosh.
Excuse me?
With the sternal underneath trying to...
Oh, it was...
And they're sitting in this like oily water.
It was the worst.
It was terrible.
I had never had anything like that in my life.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
They caught me off some chips that have been...
Not an individual bag.
You know the bags you open up where they turn stale in like five seconds.
It was the worst.
I don't want to see how people could do it.
Maybe you wonder why people tailgate because they're out there eating not so much drinking.
Well they are drinking but a lot of people are getting their good food in.
They're outside of that.
Yes.
And about three years ago my mother wanted my daughter to go to Catholic school.
And I told my mother, I had gotten to this argument with her.
I said no because one of the things they wanted to teach was religion.
I said my daughter doesn't even know nursery rhymes and you wanted to learn the Bible.
She can't even say her own name.
That's ridiculous.
We got a big argument about that and the needless to say she doesn't go to that school.
That's all the material I have.
Okay, and have a great day.
I'll see you.
Now what's that one that they teach at Catlick School Hickory Dickory Doc Father of Tula?
It's once your...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't that the one they teach at the rectum rate?
I think so.
I think I heard the tale of that.
Here's the mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Want to sound off a little about the nightly news here?
The nightly news?
Yes.
Yeah, at the end of the day they're listening to the beginning.
Sometimes it sounds like they're advertising a monster truck show.
Yes.
No.
Murder at the avant-garde more.
Right.
Exactly.
It's a joke.
Yeah.
Also, the fire.
What happens if they don't have a fire by 4 o'clock?
Do they send someone out to start one?
Absolutely.
Sure.
I've seen the channel trucks out there and the Everglades myself.
When you fly in, when you come in from the west?
Yeah.
And you see the channel 7 trucks?
Do you think they're covering something?
And then all of a sudden, like 30 seconds later, after they haul ass and take off, the fire starts.
It's like network without how it bail.
Exactly.
Okay, then one other good thing.
Yes, sir.
We do our ideas for channel 1 next year.
Change a couple hundred bucks to help people take their picture with you with that poke get up on.
Okay.
Climax ladder.
How are we going to take this anymore?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, yeah.
We're going to be doing center one next year, by the way, George.
No.
Oh.
Never did mention that on the year about that thing on the year.
What's said on neo-radius.com?
Do we want to mention that on the year?
Or is it one of those that let's say the better kind of things?
Oh.
Okay.
Let's move right along.
Here's a mobile and dear field beach.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'll let Norma Kent worry about all of that.
Yes, sir.
Neo, by the way, you, maybe I missed it, but you were talking about that 20, 30 program or the fiber and fat.
Yes, I got it.
I'm looking at my hand right now.
I have it sitting here at all times.
I keep it close to my heart.
No, but how does it work out for you?
It's working out good.
Oh, I've got to work too.
I just wanted to be able to accept it.
Well, how's it working out for you?
I just got the book.
Oh.
Well, I haven't been doing a long time.
Plus, I was on vacation and I certainly didn't do it then, but I've lost some affair amount of weight and I've kept it off and I feel great.
And I haven't had any recurrence of my IBS.
Is it easier to follow than the actions?
It's much easier.
Much easier.
Well, I don't know.
Yeah, I would say bigger variety.
All right.
You just let you see in the back there's a listing of 85 million different foods, a lot of what you can't have, but yeah, you have to be a little bit creative, but you have all kind of good stuff.
Right.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Good luck.
All right.
2030 Fatton Fiber Diet Plan, Gabe Merkin and Barry Fox.
Paperback.
It's got its own little Fatton Fiber counter on there, but a little chain on the book, which is, you know, makes it stand right out.
When it doubt, try it out.
See, I have a new philosophy about losing weight.
And I think this is the way to approach it.
I mean, at least for me, I can't speak for anybody else, but instead of saying like, well, you know, I got 40 pounds to lose.
I have 100 pounds, whatever you've got to lose.
When you approach it that way, it's like overwhelming.
But if you start out as your project of losing 10 pounds at a time, you follow what I'm saying, which I've done a little bit better than that.
But you start out and you lose 10 pounds.
And then once you get to that point, maybe you go on cruise control for a little while and you stay the same.
And then you start working on the next 10 pounds.
Huh?
Makes sense.
Sure.
And then you go on cruise control a little while and maybe even go off and gain back one or two, which isn't too bad.
Don't go crazy.
And then you say, okay, now I'm losing another 10 pounds and just like hearing Carpenter, you keep losing and losing.
And then there's this like a little puddle of the middle of the floor.
It's like, oh, yeah, I remember him.
Yeah, he used to be a pretty good guy when he was alive.
But that it just sounds like a plan to me.
Maybe I'm crazy.
Call me nuts. Call me an asshole.
He's an asshole, but I think it's a plan.
10 before 2 at 5.50 WQN.
I am not a Nazi.
Treat your family to a Cuban Italian meal that'll have a lion industry.
Thomas Rigolotto Rigatoni.
Whole May, Macaroni.
They buy thousands of big Jamaican women in Heronette.
You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle.
Like, you can't let them leave us to eat the baby Jesus.
Or life ain't hard with libido.
Rigolotto Rigatoni won't stick to the pot so clean up is easy.
No boss.
Tomas.
Don't be a front running pony.
Give them Rigolotto Rigatoni.
He is sick.
No question about it.
154.560 WQN.
Hey, Goldberg coming up at 2.
We got Cory Sabin in the building.
Anybody remember Cory?
No.
Wow, fast.
They forget.
See, he was one of the probably one of the very few that ever came through this building since it's been a sports nerd station that decided,
well, you know, life is more than just being a sports nerd.
And there's actually other things going on in the world like news, like things that are important that people really should care about.
And so he, like, kind of branched out and went over the deformer which is a good place to start.
They want to stay too long, Cory.
But, you know, and became a news guy as opposed to just another sports nerd, which we have a lot of, you know, nice guys, but silly sports nerd people, which they think that the world revolves around a lot of very important crap.
Was it?
No.
No.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Weston.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, guy, I had to talk about the self-stocking show.
The one?
The self-stocking?
The self-stocking, yes.
Yeah.
Well, that's on every night at 12 o'clock in the USA.
Really?
All right.
Excellent.
Okay, guys.
Thanks.
Take care.
Okay.
And watch what you do that Rob Estee's blow-up bell. It's hard to like, he's getting a little hard on it.
Anyway, Rob Estee's here's the bio.
So he just gets started and all of a sudden good stuff.
He was born with a banjo on his knee July 22nd, 1963.
They would make him right now 36.
Obviously much too old for some of us, but nevertheless, but the self-stocking show aired 1991 to 95.
So 91 would have been nine years ago. That would have made him 27.
Oh!
In those days.
I just mentioned this in passing for Rob Estee's fans everywhere from coast to coast.
He happens to be, you know, not maybe the greatest actor in the world, but once upon a time he looked pretty then good.
Like a real man.
Maybe not like Tommy Brady, but pretty close. That's what Mad Dog said.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Coral Springs.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going today?
Great.
Hey, listen, I heard you guys ragging about the food today and that was cool, but, you know, I just wanted to dress that last car that was tucking about the food at pro player.
A boot at the Barbercue.
Yes.
I'm sorry, you know, the game got in the way of that Barbercue.
You want to do a tent and can you imagine sending your child to Calvin school and learning religion?
I guess that's about all I got.
Okay.
Hey, thanks.
Well, he kind of like condensed it there.
I mean, you have to, you know, like, condense soup.
You have to water it down a little bit and then it'll all separate and kind of like you'll figure out what he's talking about, won't you?
No.
When he's a boot.
Look at this.
We got three and a half minutes to go and there's only two calls on there.
They just look too promising to me.
I mean, I could sit here and ramble on for three and a half minutes or three and a half hours if I wanted to.
Do you want to do that?
No.
No, because we want some really important input here from the audience, don't we?
No.
Yeah, sure we do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line and the out of timeline, it's already lit.
Look at that.
Here it is.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil, what's up with you looking?
How you doing?
Hey, I'm sure you covered everything on this John Rocker thing.
Yeah.
One thing I don't know if it was said, but Nazi Germany used to send you to school too if you didn't agree with their ways.
Or if you want real pro German.
It would make you available a little bit.
It was an act of fascism.
This man has got first amendment rights to say whatever he wants.
He doesn't represent the Graves organization.
Right.
He represents Major League Baseball.
They should have absolutely no right to censor what he's in anyway.
And if they don't like it, they can say, hey, we disagree with him.
He doesn't speak for us and he's an asshole.
But they certainly don't have a right to deprive him of ruining an income.
He's hired to be a pitcher, not to be a spokesman.
You know, I have one more thing to do.
Yes, sir.
They're always saying a lot of the black people like, we shouldn't celebrate Columbus Day because, you know, he was slaves and George Washington.
This school shouldn't be named George Washington.
How about Thomas Jefferson?
How about Thomas Jefferson?
Thomas Jefferson was quoted as saying, if we don't send the slaves back to Africa, I shudder to see what the future of this country will be.
Maybe not in the them.
I'll take 20.
But who would he have been sleeping with?
Yeah, well, maybe not in the them.
They'll take a $20 bill for now on.
Yeah.
Because Thomas Jefferson's on there.
He's on the flip.
Up and small in the 50, man.
Hey, God bless you.
Okay.
Yeah.
Who would Thomas Jefferson have been bedding down with it for all of them slave broads would have gone back?
I don't know.
It's a tough world when you have to start reducing it back down into groups.
You know, in fact, even Bubba yesterday, which I'll tell you right now, and I know a lot of you Republicans out there don't like it.
I don't give a crap because I like Bubba.
I don't care who he's getting ahead from.
I'm not the least bit interested in his bowel movements.
Bubba to me is great, not good, great, especially when you put everything in context compared to most of his predecessors in my lifetime, sensational.
And I love that press conference he had yesterday.
And he was talking about, you know, when they were talking about the candidates and condemning his personal behavior and this and that.
And he said, you know something.
He said, you can't lump people together in groups, whether it's their personal behavior, professional behavior.
He said, just like talking about you people as the press, he said, there is no such thing as the press.
You all individuals, you write your own thing.
There is no such thing as the press, which is basically the same thing I've been saying.
All right, it's going there, Bubba.
He's taking his cues from me.
I wouldn't be surprised if he's listening to the show.
Uh-huh.
We're just...
