Go free in date and growl or count time 60 on yourself.
The opinions of Neil, disgusting colors,
do not necessarily represent those of the busy black cats group at staff,
advertising for agency.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on 5.60 QAM.
If I see you down my head I'll enjoy your voice.
What's that man doing to you?
I don't know.
Women hit me no good.
Or Neil got you jailed.
Ha ha ha ha.
Now, who'd be that other smooth man who takes your money?
I don't know.
Well, let me tell you something girl.
You could have given that money to me.
I do not pay and I am out of incense.
If you were not so stupid,
I would face around chicken bones and conjure up the spirit of estero.
I-I'm God, you'd be so fine.
Help me, experience, the benefit of your credit card greeting
and help subsidize the ever-growing telemarketing industry
that caters through the uninformed Negro for only $6.99 a second.
I will tell you what you want to hear
and less than you already know.
Oh, now, to get pleased,
go to the bay phone at your local check-caching store and dial 1-800.
Okay, 10-1-5.60 WQM-S.
We're trying to sort you all of this crap.
I think this whole election business boils down to one very important point.
All Jews and all sparkes don't know how to vote.
Can we debate that?
No, there's no debating it.
They are debating right now the Palm Beach County canvassing Board.
The right wing is trying to give Cheryl Roberts to get knocked off.
The canvassing Board would stir a three of them.
She, of course, be in the Democrat and she's kind of adamant and militant.
And now they're accusing her of twisting this and hanging out
and giving me a Chad pregnant and doing all sorts of other things.
Yes, she got it pregnant.
In the state and the nation.
Yeah, so that's going on.
We have more.
It's so much legal crap going on now.
I can't keep track of it.
We got that bitch Catherine Harris has gone to the Florida Supreme Court
and put out this 12-page document in which, among other things,
she wants to consolidate all these cases.
Have the Supreme Court deal with it also?
Have the Supreme Court direct Palm Beach County and everybody else
don't count any more votes still to a clock.
Cross Palm Beach County income anymore votes right now.
Anyway, because while they're doing the thing with Cheryl Roberts
and trying to get her knocked off of the canvassing Board,
they're also in court.
This is the best part of the deal.
They're in court asking the judge whether they can count.
Let me make sure I got this right.
Dimper Ballots and Pregnant Chads.
Have you got that?
How's that hand job coming along, John?
Exactly.
Dimper Ballots and Pregnant Chads.
And of course, if you know anybody named Chad, who's pregnant, let's face it.
They're out of your investigation.
I mean, this is just the one that boils down to is that America
doesn't know how to hold an election.
I know that's embarrassing and they have the different networks
during the 80 million hours they have to fill.
They have had pieces on about, wow, they antiquated voting machines
and they don't even make any more in these paper ballots and all this stuff.
California, they show the touch screen, works like a charm.
They count all those millions of votes in no time at all.
Don't seem to have any big problem.
We have the technology.
We just don't have the will to use it.
Because let's face it, when the fix is in.
And they counted counts.
So three precincts last night, they find six more votes and they said,
nah, it's going to all balance out anyway.
We don't want to waste the time.
We're not going to be counted.
Brown in the meantime, there's no way to get off the pot.
Well, they will.
They won't.
They might.
They don't.
Et cetera.
Oh, it's always unanimous.
And for Mr. Carol to say that it was counted as a door vote.
Oh, yeah, this is everything that was in court.
Everybody in their brother.
Everybody in Palm Beach counties in court.
People haven't been born yet.
People who died 20 years ago in Palm Beach.
They're all in court.
We asked yesterday, how interested are you now in the outcome of the selection?
Still very interested.
We got 943 votes.
Still very interested.
401, 42.5%.
Second, but get it over with already, which I voted on that.
318, 33, and about a turd.
Getting less interested by the day, 24, 23.5%.
Now, I do understand, you know, the idea is to get it right.
There's no question about that.
But this bitch, Katherine Harris, coming up with this 2 o'clock deadline
for the counties to send her a letter of explanation to a clock today.
Just arbitrarily, she comes up with this time.
You have to 2 o'clock tomorrow send me a letter and explain
and then show the side whether it's valid or not.
Well, of course, she's going to say no.
And then they're going to have to take her to court.
Now, so they want Kale Roberts to recuse herself.
But at the meantime, how about Katherine Harris,
the secretary of Bush?
Yeah, that's what she is.
He's the guy that's secretary of African Bush at bitch.
This is what we're dealing with.
We're dealing with so much hanky,
panky like I told you days ago.
They could go on forever.
They're still never going to know.
You'll never really know who one and the best part in New Mexico is
that even, of course, they had been treated in some both.
Now I'm sure they'll find some more bush votes.
They're probably a bunch of them right now as we speak.
If it comes to a dead even tie,
and they're dealing with such a small number of votes,
they're anyway, because they had a big snow storm,
not that many people.
I think about a half a million people voted,
maybe less than that.
But at any rate, if it comes to a dead even tie,
why in New Mexico provide for a coin flip
or a card game or maybe a duel?
I'm not really sure which one they're going to pick.
In fact, George Bush said,
oh, can I play Raymond Burin that duel?
Something like that.
Oh god, this is just a mess.
Also, I was listening to Booge.
I was in the car going to the store last night.
I was listening to Boogey.
They're talking about the Panthers.
And Lohan behold, here's Michael Meo's commentary,
which is really lukewarm as usual.
The art of the columnist in this town,
almost never did they really say anything.
They kind of like beat around a bush.
But for Michael Meo, it's I guess going out of the limb.
Panthers are pity, but injury out of bite can only go so far.
But anyway, booster was saying that
the mores are very lucky that we have the election thing going on,
because the erudges would really be ripping them and asking,
go out.
You know something?
I love Boogey's great guy,
and we like him a lot better since he lost all that weight.
So we like him better?
Yeah.
I don't know why that is.
Now how something's finally?
You know some people would say,
oh, I'll use to ask you better when you were fat.
I mean, it's got to be the dumbest thing ever.
And it's really just as dumb to say,
we like him better than other glossed all the way.
But he's just more human now.
He'll live longer now.
He'll live longer than you to look at.
Yeah, he's healthier.
He used to be a mess.
But anyway, he's a great guy, and I like him a lot.
But, Boogey, I hate to break the news.
Yeah, I wouldn't be carrying on and going crazy,
because I did that once before and sacrificed the whole audience.
See, the business that we're in, it's called survival.
I'm not just talking about one of those CBS TV shows.
This is real survival.
And in order to do it, you have to talk about things
that people care about.
There's anybody care about the panthers and this,
oh, about hockey.
So while Terry Murray should have been fired a long time ago,
and probably his brother with him is a package deal,
I'm not going to say no more waste a lot of time with it.
So, forget about it.
You can only make the injuries and excuse so long.
And they have a lot of big injuries.
But the fact is that with the insulinger,
they only really mean for very significant injuries
at the moment.
And the youngsters and the organization
that they were always hearing about,
in this organization, they always think.
And they always wind up going back down to the might of it.
Sooner or later, I mean, every organization comes up
with some real kids who can fill the brief
and maybe help you win one game anyway.
This, I'm not going to give them away.
Because like I said, nobody cares about it.
So don't get me a side track on that,
because I'm not going to do it.
And if they get fired, they get fired.
And if not, they don't, and they're still going to keep losing one
where they're at, because they have no talent.
They're thin in the talent line.
They're desperately thin.
It's the whole organization from the bottom up.
Smells kind of like this organization.
Can you smell it?
Oh, God.
But thanks for the bonus check.
See, that was a real good scheme.
You know, that was a great scam.
You must admit that.
I was here like the very beginning of the summer
booking in the last few days.
And I still got to get bonus.
I've gone, George.
Of George's getting his bonus someday.
Now, did you, you finally did get the one from the previous book?
Yes, yeah.
Okay.
So now we got another one to work on.
This is always the audience loves this.
They're starting to get that bonus.
Yeah, well, which one you're talking about?
What year are you talking about?
I'm glad they love it.
Yeah, you love it.
Yeah, like waiting for their money.
Yeah, you like waiting.
I think they'll never have it right now.
And of course, they're not afraid of you,
because you're still just a peon.
And they saw that September trend.
They said, well, that was because we came back.
Well, that's that was the death now.
Well, how the business?
Anybody out there listening?
No, no.
We don't care.
Just keep taking the money.
Anyway, it's eight minutes after 10 at 560 W to Q and I think you can kill Robert
so to get up and beat this guy out the son of a bitch.
Come on, Carol, let him have it.
Stick it to him.
Well, I'd say something good.
Hey, judge.
I just held up one finger.
No question of the further maybe we should have the excessive
information of WTAM before God's have proven incorporated.
You got it.
10, 13 to 560 here.
Here's a great fact.
Walking in DC.
Following an emergency meeting wins the Morning Congress
unanimously voted to excise Florida from the United States of America.
The move was a reaction to the confusion and irregularities in the
states voting numbers that have totally disrupted the 2000 presidential election.
This is the last straw said Utah Senator Orrin Snatch first alien can
dollars now this.
Several congressmen told reporters the decision has been a long time
and coming.
We're all pretty much sick of Florida.
Said representative Barney Frank.
They've been a constant embarrassment for too long now.
And if Frank they had Dan Marino for a while, but what have they done lately?
Oh, that's right.
Screw up.
I retired democracy.
In a speech on the Senate floor,
Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy commented that the
Was of Florida sizeable elderly population will free up billions of dollars
in Social Security funds.
These are valuable funds which cannot be redirected to a national
defense.
We can finally rebuild our demoralized weekend military said the
Senator deroing applause.
As a result of the Florida screw up, the House and Senate
decreed a new election will take place in early December.
This time, ballot in East state will be tabulated by robots.
It is clear that our human vote counting system is too inherently flawed.
So Speaker of the House, Denny Hashtard,
the presence of these new superior robot master.
I mean the tabulators will ensure 100% accuracy.
Remember has said Hashtard every vote counts, especially if it's counted by robots.
Dynamiting will begin along the Florida border next Wednesday,
after which the state will be completely geographically separated from the United States.
After that, they're on their own said Hashtard.
I hope they sink.
All right.
Here's something considerably less humorous and pretty pressing.
They're still huckin' a Chinatown in Palm Beach.
And it was a two-one vote.
I think.
Yeah, they're still a pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
And they're not counting anything.
They're doing nothing.
Anyway, we talked the other day about the disappearing ballots of Duval County.
22,000 plus were tossed out up there.
And the Republicans were saying, well, you see it just like Palm Beach,
all of these counties, the only problem being that when you looked into it,
the, let's see, nearly 12,000 of them out of the 22,000 came from just four of the city's 14
districts, predominantly African-American areas.
And like I said before, I shfarts using the old Jews can't vote, but you get into a thing here
about the ballot.
I have no idea why 22,000 people could not follow directions.
And Mike Hightower, Chairman of Bush's Northeast Florida Campaign,
Duval County's ballot this year consisted of 10, listen to those,
10 presidential candidates plus a space for one white and spread over two pages,
which may have led voters to punch a hole on the first page, turn the page and then vote for
another presidential candidate.
Not the butterfly ballot where they were facing each other, but here's the first page with say like
five presidential names. And then you turn the next page and here's five more.
So the less astute the people whose middle name is Dumbo, Rufus, those people about
turn the page and they go to again.
Why is it see every county in this state? I know this comes difficulty. Every county says
its own standards has a different ballot. You see the ones in Valucia County?
Those those paper ballots where they like, you know, X marks the spot and then they got the ones
with the magic marker that you mark, you're filling the hole.
It's impossible. So the state can't do anything right.
And the other notion that there are some of you out there who believe that we're really going to
will someday know the accurate result of this election, you're dreaming. You must be doing acid.
You're out of your mind.
Thousands and thousands and thousands of votes tossed out over here and thousands more over there.
And then we have asshole saying of course depending on which side they run, they're saying,
well, that's just the way it goes. That it happens in every election.
Well, if it happens in every election then everybody's voting supposed to count.
How come we don't change the way we vote? Sounds basic to me.
Don't say, yeah, I make all the sense in the world to me like how we stored it.
I make all the sense in the world. This is not the way to run a freaking railroad.
God is this pissed me off.
10 presidential candidates face for a white in two different pages.
Not even opposite each other where it would be obvious that it was on the same race if you had
any IQ at all, but you turn one page and then you get to the second page and there's another bunch of
names. And let's face it, we got to say there's no requirement that you be smart to vote.
I know there are a lot of assholes out there, a lot of these arrogant bush lookers.
All out of you know, how can anybody be that stupid? If you don't know how to vote,
well, the fact is that you don't have to be intelligent to vote. Even dumb people.
I mean, look at the mirror. You're bush people. You voted for him. I mean, even dumb people
are allowed to vote in this country.
Or people, frail people, goofy people, everybody's supposed to have one vote.
So the idea being it should be laid out there as simple as like if he were doing it for a child.
It's the lowest common denominator that never overestimate the intelligence of the American electorate.
And here we got all these counties that almost get the feeling that they went out of their way to
make it as difficult as they could. Intensinal confusion.
But this Catherine Harris, this bitch, this bush, the secretary of bush, that's really what it
is. You know what, Palm Beach P.O. Okay. And then they're going to have to go to court and say,
back to you, honey. And it's going to go back and forth and on and on. And then of course,
they're counting the bush people on the absentee overseas ballots. Well, guess what?
Now they're saying, well, you know what, it may not be so good after all.
Because the first of all, a lot of the military ballots are from enlisted men.
Okay. Sparkers, a lot of them. Dark. Are they going to be voting for bushes?
No. No. And a lot of those other ones are coming from Israel or is Jews? Are they going to be
assuming, as part of the process of assuming they're waiting in the White House,
assuming that they can carry those or the remainder of those overseas ballots, maybe not so.
And then what? Then what's he going to say? And then what are the great people going to say?
Oh, we're heading out. Okay. Let's stop counting. They all look bad. There is nobody in this process
that comes out looking good. They all look like crap. Because we don't know how to do an election.
The good news is citrus trees get another reprieve. Yeah. The state decided, like yesterday,
not to be in cutting disease citrus trees off, opting to wait for a browned judge to rule on
a lawsuit. We got more guy named lawsuit's going on now. Stan agriculture commissioner Bob Crawford,
that asshole felt it would be too much to continue now. I decided to continue his moratorium on
cutting the trees until after the judge made it this season Friday morning, that circuit judge
Leonard J. Leonard Fleet, who's expected to rule on a lawsuit brought by county municipalities
challenging the state's 1900 foot rule, which allowed trees to be cut down if they were within
the radius of 1900 feet from the from a disease tree. So we got at least until Friday. Got a
little bit of a breed of there. And I have a feeling based on that judge's comments. He may just say
to the state, what are that going on? There's still a battle in Palm Beach.
It keeps the people in place and it's showing you where we see signs.
He mentioned how many votes they could have counted already. And of course in Voluzia County,
we'll pick up 98 votes up there in Voluzia County. So you can imagine if it would be
daydried in Palm Beach, see, and of course, then if it was daydried in Palm Beach and picked up
like, say, 2000 votes, for example, they would have to recount the whole state by hand. That would
be the only rational way to do this. Even though the Bush people have adamantly been opposed to a
hand recounting and they're in court right now today, challenging the federal judge's ruling yesterday.
But all of a sudden, I think they might have a change of heart and say, you know why do you,
that's a pretty good idea. Let's recount the whole state by hand. Let's do a hand job.
So that's where we live. We don't know what God damn thing more now. In fact, if anything,
it's 50 times more confusing than it was yesterday. I thought the ruling that we had come down
was confusing enough. Tell me Catherine Harris that she can do this and she can do that,
but don't do it arbitrarily. I mean, is there any other way she's going to do anything besides
arbitrarily? No, of course not. She's a secretary of Bush.
Okay, let's see what these people think. Here's Lakeland. Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil. In Polk County, the extra hundred that was just counted for fun.
Nobody asked them that part of the 300 margin now, right?
So really, it should be because nobody even requested that. It should be a 200 vote margin.
Yes, I don't understand how you can do that. How does a county just arbitrarily decide?
Well, I guess they can do that because yet these other counties are voted, but nobody
requested that they do it. They just say, well, let's go ahead and do it. Maybe we'll find
some more Bush votes than they did. Well, I think actually that would be, here we go again.
I think that would be illegal because no one made a request. You know, I think you can just say,
hey, let's do it. But if Howard Palm Beach and Dad were recounted, I think your margin would be
more in the neighborhood of seven to ten thousand extra votes for more. Yeah. So, you know,
yeah, but wouldn't they an all fairness have to then go and recount the whole state?
Well, that was the deal that the Gourmet people were trying to cut. They said, look,
let's just have count the whole state. It may take 10 days, but let's then, oh, no, no, we can't do that.
But the other thing is with the law, with the judges ruling, he said very clearly, believe it or not,
he said, hand counting, hand jobbing is allowed. And then after the hand counts have been made,
you may use your discretion. Not prior. So she's created her own ruling.
The woman with the fake eyelashes. Yeah. So that in a way, it's too bad for Palm Beach County even
sent their count up at all. They should have just said, no, we're going to do it.
What about they had to do that because they're asked what had really been on the fire if they
would have disqualified all the, if they would have done that, it was possible that she could say,
okay, we're just not accepting a review. You missed the deadline and everybody in Palm Beach
was just in franchise. Yeah, but she knew that in fact, she could, that's right. That's what she
would have done. But in reality, that would have, that would have caused the whole situation to change.
Now that everybody's having to pay the piper to her. If they just said, no, we'll do this our way.
And then we'll send it in when it's ready. I think that would have required everyone to recount.
Well, they're probably trying to find out about those pregnant chads and dimples right now.
She's, she's one hell of a woman. Okay. Good luck to us, sir. Yes, sir. Officials approve
hand count in the Bloom Shaw race. Indeed, County that is. You're doing a hand job indeed.
Because the Shaw allegedly won by fewer than 600 votes and initially they said, now you don't
even forget it, Elaine. You lost. And now they said, well, guess what? We're going to have a
recount in the congressional race. District 22. Mining data officials agree the enemy's
face to the recount six precincts, likely starting this morning. But I wouldn't Palm Beach have
denied their request for a hand job. So it's that again, it's still up in the air. Now I was reading
Robert Steinbach this morning, which goes to show you how confused I am. And he does make an
excellent point, which I was unaware of to get you even more furious. We have mentioned, you know,
from time to time, the fact that we counting Mac one back in 1988 in the center,
racing folder, even though they originally they projected that buddy, McKay won it.
Well, come to find out Mac one by 33,612 votes out of more than four million cash. But supporters
of his opponent, Democrat buddy, McKay, howled that some 170,000 voters mysteriously failed to make
a choice for Senate even though they voted for president on the same ballot. These suspected
culprit ballots designed. And here we go again, the same space on a crowded ballot. A number of
large counties placed the Senate Senate candidates names at the bottom of the same page as the
presidential candidates, rather than on a separate page. Critics argue that this induces some voters
to inadvertently overlook the Senate contest. It might accrues McKay the contest because the drop
offers concentrated and heavily democratic counties. Indeed, 19% of voters skipped the Senate race.
And Palm Beach, 22% and Brawler, 12% in Hillsborough, 24%.
So sorry, buddy, you got screwed.
Oh, I got to be honest with you. If you choose between that fascist, Climbing Mac and the Yahoo
Buff buddy, I'm saying I'm in buddy, McKay. It's not too good. And speaking of not too good,
guess who's stood in line now after the president and vice president?
Yes, who's next in line to take over as president? Let me give you a clue. He's 97 years old.
Cloud Pepper. Yeah, the cloud pepper close close. Cloud Pepper is dead and so is this guy, but nobody told him yet.
South Carolina or next South Carolina. Sorry. On his taxes from Utah, Mr. He's a moron. I'm
South Carolina. I give up strong. Oh, look. How many close to the cup?
I'm sorry. He George knows a lot about ancient history. He knows nothing about what's going on
today. They don't have to have Carolina. You better get with him, Mr. They're going to come up
across the border there and give you a four up there in North Carolina. All you've got them, Cubans and Jews.
So cut the crap. Yeah, he's turned in line. Does that make you feel a lot better? Yeah. He's only 97.
He's only 50 yards to the right of a telegram. Han. He's just waiting. He's just rubbing his hand. Well,
he's rubbing something together and doing that for years. Nothing's happening.
26 after 10 at 560 WQ. I can't keep a packer in his hand.
And now the newly elected Florida election supervisor.
Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I have a call to die there on the call.
The phone that never were a bunch of other ones. He's right outside.
I think the finger is on your hand and out there. Just like me.
2345. I only have all.
Sorry. And for the income.
One, two, three, four, two, three, four.
It's 31 to 560 WQM. Here's our poll question today.
If Al Gore loses the election, the main reason will be.
Give you four choices choosing Joe Lieberman is his running mate.
Election fraud. A week campaign. Or mediocre performance in the debates.
Those are your four choices. If Al Gore loses this election, we're not talking about Florida,
but the presidential election overall. The main reason will be choosing Joe Lieberman is his running mate.
Election fraud. A week campaign. Or mediocre performance in the debates.
So there we are. Here's some interesting stuff for those who think that this was a fairly
handled campaign in the state of Florida. Thousands of irregularities and over half a dozen
categories already have been reported. Ballots ran out in certain precincts to coin to the LA Times.
Isn't that interesting? The LA Times has to report on what's going on down here.
Also, the LA Times reports that Cardpools, this is in Florida.
Cardpools of African American voters were stopped by police.
In some cases, officers demanded the C8 taxee license. Remember we had a call on that?
Remember that? Yeah, they demanded the taxee license.
Taxee license. Actually, you're giving your friends a ride.
Hey, man, don't be messing with the porkers.
According to the Associated Press, polls closed with people still in line in Tampa.
In Oceola County, ballots didn't line up properly, possibly causing
gross voter to have their ballots cast for Harry Brown. Also, Hispanic voters will require
to produce two forms of ID when only one is required. Are you following that?
Nope, in Oceola County, ballots did not line up properly, possibly causing gross voters
to have their ballots cast for Harry Brown. Also, Hispanic voters will require to produce
two forms of ID when only one is required by law.
It doesn't, and possibly hundreds of voters in Broward County were unable to vote because
the supervisor of elections didn't have enough staff to verify changes of address, and
we all serve for many of those people.
Voters were mistakenly removed from voter rules because their names were similar to those
of ex-convicts.
We also heard about that.
According to Watt's new service, many voters received pencils rather than pens when they
voted in violation of state law.
Remember, we had a call about that.
According to the Mimeo hero of many Haitian American voters were turned away from precinct
where they were voting for the first time.
According to Feed Magazine, the mayor of candidate who's elected to Mimeo's overturned due
to voter fraud, Xavier Swarz said he was involved in preparing absentee ballots for
George W. Bush, and there's a big article on the paper today about that.
GOP staff took in hundreds of ballots.
Mostly in a little of an eye should point out, and gave a little assistance, and even
stamped them and put them in the mail, and got only what else they did with them.
CBS's Dan Radler reported a possible computer error in Valusia County where James Harris
the Socialist Workers' Party candidate won 9888 votes.
He won only 583 in the total rest of the state.
Many African-American first-time voters who registered at Motor Vehicles offices were
in campus voter registration drives, did not appear on the voting rules according to
a hearing conducted by the NAACP and televised on C-SPAN of number 12.
Three days ago.
And it goes on, and on.
And there are still people out there saying, oh yeah, we're going to ask you a count.
We'll find out who really won.
The Grovery Count team has a news conference, especially shortly, one of eight million.
And of course, the Palm Beach is still up in the air.
They're still checking on the pregnant chads and the pregnant ballots and the pregnant
pauses going on.
No counting yet.
And the state Supreme Court is waiting to hear from them on that 12-page document filed
by Katherine, the Secretary of Bush Harris this morning.
Here's a mobile in Sarasola.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I believe that George Bush is a drunken, black-brought toger home.
Yeah.
And I hope all of this will be present.
OK, thanks for your very puristic issues comments here.
That was very good.
Anybody like that?
No.
That was sensational.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Out of town like in Palm Beach, West Coast, wherever, 877-Toolfree, 877-75, 6345.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Neil, you had me waiting for that guy.
That guy was awake.
That guy was quick anyway.
Quick and simple.
You know what's frustrating, Neil?
That we all know who won the election.
Unfortunately, it's going to wind up with Bush.
All these votes, the 3000 votes, and these people gave to Buchanan.
If Buchanan doesn't even want admits, they were going to...
He wants them now.
He said he wants them.
There is votes and he wants them.
Somebody got two of me, change his mind.
Obviously, they got two of them.
Just like they got to all these other pre-sinks and hit these votes or refused to allow people
to hand count the votes.
And it's going to be...
It's just a shame.
What I'm hoping is that George S. on TV, yes, they look like Santa Claus, will give us
an early Christmas, or Hanukkah president and declared for the winner.
But it wouldn't mean declare for the winner.
How can it judge declare for the winner?
Well, you know, in mystical terms, or at least allow there to be a recount in Palm Beach
game, where obviously the people, the majority of people in Palm Beach County are going
to vote for for for if given a fair opportunity.
It's just for you.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You're not talking about a re-vote in Palm Beach County.
Is that what you're talking about?
I love that re-vote on Palm Beach County.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
You're not going to get a call before you, but your call is even more ludicrous.
It's not going to happen.
It's ludicrous.
There's no way after all of this that's gone on and after all the publicity and all
of the hoopla, first of all, the native people, or at least most of them will cannot vote
for for for.
Even if you had all the same group of people that came out the first time, you can't do
that.
You can't keep having re-election until you get the result that you like.
It's just totally out of the question that they're going to re-vote in Palm Beach.
I could see the entire state re-voting, which again will be cumbersome and almost impossible.
I could see that happening.
With some kind of a judge who just got totally fed up over the state Supreme Court saying,
you know what, this whole thing smells like I have a move better.
If Florida wants that any respectability, we better re-vote like on December 1st.
You know, pick a date.
Well before the December 18th.
And then of course, can you imagine we've re-voted?
We could sell us all over again.
I have a whole bunch more recounts and more ballots disappearing because Florida doesn't
know how to do an election.
We don't know how to do it.
New York State, I'll say it again.
I would like 16, 17, gotta be that many million people in New York State.
They don't close the post till 9 p.m., two hours after Florida.
Well, that's the most the Florida.
And yet every vote in New York State was counted to no debate, no arguments.
Everything gone to bed before one vote was counted in the big county.
If there's anybody out there who thinks that this state isn't everything that I've always
said that it is.
This should finally put you over the edge.
This should finally convince you.
This is the place the gang that couldn't shoot straight, the gang that can't get anything
right.
Oh yeah, but it said punch air to the right of the, yeah see that's even another argument
about the illegal ballot.
What's out here in Ellen Ducer was talking about, but almost nobody else wants to talk about
it because the only remedy would be for Palm Beach staff to vote over again and we all
know that can't happen.
It's not gonna happen.
I say it was just, I still think the best idea, call the whole election off, leave Bubba
in there and there won't talk about it for four years and see what would be the proper
thing to do.
It's a good one.
In fact, you know who we can elect?
If Bubba is gonna stay in there, that Monica more head.
Yeah, let's send her up there with the Bubba.
Yeah, keep them happy anyway, especially now that the school is going off through Albany.
Palm, she's not going to Albany, she's going to Washington or whoever, where they live?
Chapacritic?
And Chapacritic.
Chapacritic.
Yeah, they're living in Chapacritic.
In fact, that Kennedy said he'd drive Hillary home.
Oh, Chippaquat.
Yeah, Chapacritic.
Uh huh.
Uh, we're just losing it from all of this.
We're losing it.
The Neil Roger show sports radio.
Five sixties.
QA.
1044-560-QAM.
Warren Christopher, news conference expected 11 o'clock this morning.
They're getting oxygen right now just to make sure he can keep moving his lips.
Doesn't that look like he might expire at any given moment, Warren Christopher?
All along, I, you know, I'd rather see him speak than that James Baker.
Oh boy.
Every time I see that man's push on TV or even think about his name.
But anyway, here's a very good fact.
Oh, we're adding a fifth of the choice to our poll and thanks to the Elisner, who
are, thanks this in.
Rick.
The other reason that they fell for a loses because of Ralph Nader, that'll be choice number five.
I'm certainly here in Florida.
That chase can be easily made because of Nader would never have been on a battle in the first place.
Florida one by L probably, you know, 60, 70,000 votes.
And we wouldn't be here right now because it would have been hard for the Secretary of Bush
to a cover up that big of a margin, I guess.
Oh, who knows.
It may have been a 200,000 vote margin.
The men have distributed that up.
Here's another way to go.
The fact that says from Mike last night, Miami-Dade County election board, two people voted two to one not to do a manual hand count.
The fact that 1% of the 6,000 votes they counted increased, goers count by six.
Did not seem to important enough for them to do a new count for 650,000 votes.
Obviously, there are no statisticians on the board.
That would equate to possibly 6,000 votes for Gore.
Is this an important news story for the hell to look into?
No.
Should we know who these three people are and the two voted against it?
No.
Does the hell have an investigative team interested in the story that may cost Florida presidency?
No.
There are two busy people writing the same tired news as everybody else.
Right on, Mike.
Then here's the facts about the GOP absentee ballots.
Many absentee requests had errors and had to be corrected by election officials.
This is a criminal matter.
It's not a civil matter.
We're asking the state attorney to lend the various counties looking at this and one of the Democratic attorneys.
It's a felony.
They just can't turn these over to anybody.
In Seminole County election supervisor Sandra Gorda Republican said she wouldn't do anything.
She allowed a Republican party staff member to sit through the absentee requests and add the numbers by hand,
saving the absentee requests from oblivion.
Are you listening to that?
In Seminole County this is where Bush picked up 90, member 99 votes in 98.
Election supervisor Sandra Gorda Republican said she would allow a repress.
She did allow a Republican party staff member to sit through the absentee ballot, request and add the numbers by hand,
saving the absentee requests from oblivion.
All right, it just, it never stops.
We can go on from now until we're from 10 years from now.
That's never going to win.
And guess what? The judges still sitting there with a sad look at his pushing Palm Beach.
But we will look at it.
About the pregnant chads and the hanging, who's hanging the most, who's hanging out and hanged on your head on duly.
And all this, all this precious time is going by.
And this is just what Catherine, the secretary of Bush wants I should point out.
Because should they be counting some precinct in Palm Beach and then release partial results which is having in the past.
And why not?
Oh, guess what? Gorda just picked up another 85 votes and won't be like a 10 to the way true or 100 to the way whatever before to a clock.
But now while all this legal language is going on and they were talking about the Democrats being the one that wanted to delay.
They wanted to delay. They want to keep setting these arbitrary deadlines and keep delaying the obvious and then saying,
Oh, guess what? Deadlines gone too late. You lose.
Because we still got our 300 votes.
Of course, we still don't have those.
And absentee ballots.
Remember that I'm starting is they're all coming in from Israel.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Danielle.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I think we should put it all in charge of the judge's duty.
Yeah, that's what I said yesterday.
But what is the release name of the one with the fake eyelashes?
What is her name?
One in Palm Beach.
Yeah, the one with the...
No, Robert.
No, Robert.
You know what? The other one she makes is a little smirk with her lip.
And any minute, I think it's to be like mission impossible.
And it's going to be like she's going to rip off a mask.
It's going to be George Bush underneath.
Now the other thing on your poll about their...
about their debate, they should have both got posted.
Bush and George have been staggering drunk and did a debate.
That would have been good. People would have stayed up to watch that.
Okay. Thanks for your post notifications comment again.
Wow.
5.6705.60, Palm 5.60 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless One.
Okay, we got...
Do we have our thing?
Oh, yeah, Nader.
Nader already is in second place right at the end of election fraud.
I voted for choosing Julie Ruminin as his running mate.
Because I think that if he would have had a more reasonable
of ice presidential candidate, he would have won one of those states...
let's say it's a Clinton one in 96.
Arkansas, Tennessee, his home state, Louisiana.
A lot of those redneck Yahoo, deep South States.
And they said, of course, don't want no Jew boy there on the ticket.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, a couple of things. First of all, your poll question.
There should be number six, all the above.
Yeah. Well, I don't want to make a debate. You know what I mean?
I want to put their feet to the fire and make them think a little bit.
Right. The other thing is I agree 150% with you about the stalling tactic
of the Scumbag Republican. You're right on it.
I don't know if you've read Maureen Dowd's column today in the New York Times.
It briefly says W campaign on the issue of restoring trust.
But it turns out he meant restoring the Bush family trust.
In other words, you can have all the choices you want as long as you choose us.
And then he says in brief, W keeps acting as though he needs to get busy with the transition.
Even though all he's doing is giving jobs to all the old Bush family retainers.
Right. And so I hear some former Bush White House officials
who are already sitting around the ranch with him.
How much time and imagination does that take?
And then closing, he says, well, at least there is this to be grateful for.
Nobody has spotted Johnny Cochran in Florida yet.
If the chabs don't fit, you must quit.
Yeah, that's Maureen Dowd. Yeah, I've got that here.
All right. All right. Have a great day.
And you too. Okay. Great as usual. Nice going Maureen.
Oh, the fact is here just keep pouring in and pouring in and pouring in.
3%. About 3% of Florida 6.1 million voters in life week selection
did not register a choice for president up from just over 2% in 1992 according to the Sun Sentinel Survey.
The numbers include certified data from 64 counties and latest tellers from 3 counties still in dispute.
This is a tremendous amount of ballots that Pamela swaffered.
The deputy director of elections of Hamilton County.
To me, that seems like an awful lot is what she said.
5.670560.560 on the 18 teams of Ryan's and Marlott's line.
Is there like in my junior officer, Robert?
There going on and on and on and on and Palm Beach.
Here's Weston. Hello.
Is it, I think it's required by any Republicans that speak to the media that they utilize the phrase.
They Democrats want to count and recount until they get the decision that they were waiting for.
Right. Every one of them has stayed almost verbatim, almost exactly the same phraseology which is the book.
Does Democrats just are looking for a way to count and get a number they like?
I told they get a solution they're looking for, get a number they like or getting the results they want.
Which leads me to believe that this is...
Believe this or not.
Okay, I maybe I have a king grass of the obvious.
I think there's something more being orchestrated here than meets the eye.
So I'll just wanted to keep that eye.
And with all this going on, I've got to say I'm getting exhausted and right now my chads are hanging.
Okay. See ya.
Okay. Don't let them drop off. Maybe you're a big trouble.
In Broward County, 2.5% of the counties, 588,000 and total votes did not count toward a presidential race.
A total of 7,925 didn't count.
Those are way too high.
So Ken Brace, president of election data services, incorporated.
The leading compiler of nationwide detail voting data.
Brace said pure ballot design was probably responsible for the multiple votes.
So at 7,925, over 60,6700 unders, about 13,000 votes in Broward, they didn't count.
Pure ballot design.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Yes, this is for some color and longtime listener and I love your program.
Of course. I would like to tell you that if Mr. Goldberg is probably because of election fraud because I never really thought that something like that could happen in the United States.
I guess you never looked in Chicago, huh?
For Miami.
Yes sir. And I would like to know that people who voted for Mr. Bush will be very disappointed.
There are lots of skeleton in this closet that we meant to come out there.
Maybe there will be very, very difficult.
Well, you know something in that case, I mean if we can survive, since we're going to have nothing but gridlock anyway, whichever one gets in for the next four years, maybe it'll be like turn around.
You know, they had their fun with penis gates for all the fill up here and a half.
Maybe now we can have a portion gate or a drunken gate or all the other gates.
Yes. Thank you for picking my cousin.
And thank you for making your call. Have a great life.
Okay. Good luck here.
Oh, who says that good luck here? I don't want to mention his name.
His name will show up.
56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line 1.
Christopher, they're pumping some oxygen into him to try to get that blood flowing again.
He's supposed to be speaking 11 o'clock this morning.
Any word could be the last. Poor old Warren.
Can just barely get the words out.
Here's a mobile in the bokeh. Hello.
Oh, no. Yes sir.
Nice to talk to you.
What I don't understand, Neil and all this thing is why is the recount an option?
I mean, if you add up a call.
Is that it? Because it's for the law.
Yeah. But yeah, but if you add up a call and the figures and you get one answer,
you're asked to add it again and you get a different answer.
Aren't you, aren't you, then, obliged to make sure you get the right answer?
Well, yeah. I mean, there's, you know, they keep saying the excuse that they keep giving as well
in the machine error rate is acceptable. Well, of course, it's not acceptable,
especially in the election, this important to say that two to five percent error rate in machine counting is acceptable.
That's what they did. They recounted they had a machine recount.
The Republicans keep saying, well, if they voted, then they had a recount.
Yeah, the recount was the machine recount, not a hand recount.
No, it had a margin of error.
The machine, let me say it again, machine recount, two to five percent.
Yeah, and that's the way I'm not acceptable.
Of course, it's not. Of course not.
I went on margin of victory of like five thousandth of a percent or whatever it is.
I mean, if you go to buy a car and the guy says, well, you're going to pay about twenty-two thousand.
And you say, well, I'd rather pay twenty-one thousand, that's an acceptable margin of error.
And he says, no, no, we're going to make it twenty-three thousand instead.
Where that's an acceptable margin of error.
That's not acceptable.
Not in a presidential election. We got to get the right answer.
If wish wins fine, if go to win five, vote if the vote by the way.
But if wish wins, I just want to know that the level wins is just the right number.
And if it means a hand recount, pretend they're what's recount.
I think they're just wasting a lot of time.
I think that both parties, if they had any class at all, would just say, okay, well, let's just recap the whole state by hand.
And that's the first way to do it.
But of course, see, whoever has the lead at the given moment is going to say, okay, game over.
And that's what the Republicans are doing right now.
It's part of all their protests.
And I have a feeling if it were the other way around the same thing would be going on.
Whoever's got the edge right now is saying, okay, it's time to bring it to a halt and the losses, this and the losses, that.
Is if there's some hurry.
Well, I think your poll the other day, which I didn't get to get into vote was one of the questions.
What are you so sick of it? You just want it over.
That's what they're banking on.
They're banking on the good old American idea that I've heard enough.
That's how I feel about it because you just get you get inundated with all these lawsuits and all this harang, all the language.
And almost none of it really seems dedicated to getting the answer right.
First of all, you have an illegal ballot in Palm Beach County.
I don't think that's even disputable.
And nobody's even talking about that anymore.
No, I know.
And I voted in Palm Beach County.
And I consider myself fairly intelligent.
I signed business contracts that I have to read and everything.
And they would have been easy to vote for the wrong funds.
And then we find out that in DuVal County, where they threw all those votes out.
22,000 that they had two different pages with names of presidential candidates.
Yeah. That's right.
When I explained to my brother in New Hampshire what the ballot looked like, he said he couldn't believe you.
That's what we were trying to deal with here.
Well, at least we're consistent down here anyway.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you, Neil.
Yeah, we're not good, but at least we're consistent.
I am.
Consistently for a crap.
1056 at 560, WQM, your friendly station.
What do we got today?
We got Hank his back.
Hank will be, was that the right thing?
Hank will be on from 2 to 6.
We got John Wiener and Mark Eisenberg.
Wow, Stubgatz.
And Mark Eisenberg, 6 to 630.
Panthers at the Carolina Huracruans, 3GAM at 630, GamePam and 7 o'clock at the KF
for the Panther game.
Panther game, you think they might win a...
No.
430, 560, WQM, Miami Port Lauderdale, a beastly, broad-ass group station.
WQAM.com, or the world.
Oh, I think you saw holes that I'll leave a bit.
But I can't help but fonder it.
Musta right hole.
And I don't know where to look.
Did it left a right?
Up and down.
Did I do it right?
I don't know.
Don't know what the hell like, I got the power.
It is all owing to cock two punches.
They'll get down to date my father.
Oh, boy!
I'm fixing the poles, so my brother will win.
Just like Gunther's World Country.
All right!
Mexico!
Hi, my son.
I'm going to see you down there, look.
Thank you, thank you.
How long have you come?
A fifth.
How long have I come?
A third.
How long have I come?
How long have I come?
A third.
How long have I come?
A third.
Thank you, now I'm dead now!
I've taken it!
7.0.2 at 5.60 WQAM.
We're waiting for Warren Christopher.
He hasn't had enough hours to get in the start speaking yet.
But any moment now.
Ballot error weights high in some black precincts.
They'd counting overvoting as many as 110 ballots cast in some black precincts in Liberty City and overtime.
We're voided because voters apparently punched holes for two presidential candidates.
The same error rate that's ignited controversy in lawsuits in Palm Beach County.
Countywide, 2.7 of a day's ballots were discounted because of so-called overvoting.
But in about two dozen inner-city neighborhoods between eight and eleven percent of ballots were followed,
a rate so high that some people are calling for an investigation.
Typically, election experts attribute overvoting the ballots.
Overvoting the elderly or inexperienced voters, fumbling with the ballots,
a rate of up to three percent is considered acceptable.
At least 50 minigade precincts, including Liberty City,
grew over town and part of Coconut Grove,
I wonder which part that was, had rates of seven percent or higher.
100 of the county's 617 precincts had overvote rates of five percent or higher.
The data seems to show the higher the elderly votes, the higher the overvote rate.
Are you following?
Hi!
The older they are, the less they know how to vote.
So, Schwarches, young and old, older specially, and old Jews.
That's where the problem was.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was watching C-Stan last night.
They had a speaker from California and the lady democrat from Texas.
And the one thing that he brought up is that in 1996, when they had the butterfly ballot,
and what Tom Beechin and his lady said, there's nothing they can do,
they can't call the revo.
That's not true.
We're sticking to the Supreme Court in the state of Florida,
and the Supreme Court ruled on it,
that if it is an illegal ballot, they are entitled to a revo.
That's why she's pushing for this time and everything else,
because she knows it's no matter if she takes a digital court or whatever,
they're going to say, you've got a state Supreme Court ruling already on this butterfly ballot.
And they're not going to overstep the ballot.
Well, how do you really have a militia and get a Palm Beach count?
I mean, I have no problem with myself, but how do you do that?
I would, you know, I mean, it's not like the sit-there and throw their votes out either,
because they were double punched because of the illegal ballot.
And the law is the law.
I mean, that's what it's eventually going to come down to.
And I think, like you said, it should be a statewide retouch,
and then put it into it.
I think it would be a lot more palatable for everybody involved,
if we had a statewide hand recount as opposed to just saying to Palm Beach County,
okay, now that you all know this, and now that we know it is not going to get its 5% nationwide,
now everybody who voted before going vote again in Palm Beach.
I mean, that would just get people crazy.
But then they also had, I guess, the Black Caucuses for all of the states,
and they're talking about doing investigation, not just because of the balloting in Florida,
but they're talking about civil rights that were violated,
as well as constitutional rights that were violated,
that they're going to be looking into as far as bringing up charges.
So I don't think this lady is going to be able to do too much,
because they're already talking about bringing committees up.
And I don't think the Secretary of Bush?
Yes. I don't think she will, she's wanting to maybe be between some jail time,
and she rolls too quickly on these votes.
She said she wouldn't mind doing some time as long as Jeb was in the cell with her.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
5.6.0.
Now this is Lou and Freeport, the Mohamas says,
US presidential election, the rest of the world is looking on with amazement and amusement.
Anywhere else to man with the most votes wins,
it would appear that the man with less votes wins in the US.
Oh, that's what Lou said.
We got electoral votes, we got popular votes, we got six votes, we got absentee votes,
we got double punch, we got chads, we got hanging chads, we got swing and chads,
we got chads to work in Germany, Clyde, we got chads ever,
we got Betsy ever,
and then we got Chris ever.
Here's the lady in Pompidle B, tell her.
Hello, I can't believe I finally got on,
because I had been trying to get on CNN, but God knows that one.
Anyway, prior to even hearing the term butterfly ballot,
my son who votes in West Palm Beach called me in the early afternoon,
said that there was going to be a problem, he says it was impossible,
whereas the dots were very confusing.
Where the holes were, yes.
Well, they were before the holes, it was dots.
So anyway, he said that people on the outside,
I think I voted for Buchanan, and they were very upset.
And I honestly feel that our commission was doing such a good job,
working so diligently to have Mr. Baker call them mischievous and semantics.
Well, because he doesn't like what they're doing,
because he knows that if they can re-contact there, his demand's going to lose.
That's true, but I tell you, I think I've had it for the USA years,
with the Republican parties, and really poor sports,
have been bashing Clinton from the day he stepped into office.
I can remember when Donald was on the press, he started to talk against our president.
There's no respect for the president, this is before all this personal matter.
And this personal matter, I feel for two and a half years, I'm just happy with it,
with the Lewinsky matter, and there was absolutely his personal life,
and I don't think that he did not end up on the press.
That's another reason that Bush would be hoping to go on the press,
because if Bush does get in, he's going to find that payback's going to be really ugly.
I would not accept that.
I've got a lot of skeletons rattling around.
Mom, glad someone like you, because I'm just tired of every station.
I have to stop listening to talk shows, really, because every station,
they were bashing Clinton, and I really got very upset.
I'd like to hear two stories.
Good luck to us.
We'll see it.
It's a fan-ass limbo, and then you got your convicted felons out there.
You got the Gordon-Luddy and Ali North.
That's basically what talk radio is degenerated into,
and we keep hearing about the liberal media, the liberal media.
Who the hell, what number of persons have we got on national radio in this country?
Name me one.
Oh, that's right, I forgot about Dr. Laura.
Oh, sorry, that was just a joke.
Not one.
This country, the media controlled by a bunch of right-wing fascists,
the Olympics, and Fox, I'd like to know the name of the guy that's on there
for about 8-10 or 11 o'clock at night.
He was on last night.
This is a guy, kind of a pasty-looking guy, about 50ish.
Rabbit, rabbit, a psychotic way, we know that even the Fox people must be embarrassed by.
We're set to say it a lot.
Got all of his facts wrong.
Don't ever confuse him with any screams and any yells and he carries on.
He doesn't have any idea what he's talking about.
He was on it with some historian who was very articulate and very recollect
last night, and this guy was just, I'm just forming a mouth.
On your fascist day, don't forget the F and Fox stands for fascists.
And I'd say F and which stands for something else.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5, 60, W and Q.
I'm going to go back to the Gorge Bridge.
Obviously there was a report after night that 24 years ago
I was at for Henning and Kenny Buckport Main for DUI.
That's an accurate story.
I'm going out of that.
My father sometimes said that I was ageing drunk and I did on that night.
But I made the decision of that drinking.
I want my girls doing the kinds of things I did and that's all I've been to drinking drunk.
Sige and I made.
And very upfront with the people saying that I bring that.
Yes, I was.
I'm going to drink.
I've been here many years to a drop.
I can't remember.
I mean, there's a four years ago.
My father, great happy about it.
But that's the course of action I took.
And I'm the first to say that people have a mouth that will understand that.
Michael Drunk.
It's one in 14 at 5, 60 W and Q.
I'm 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How does that pull?
I'm 107 votes.
If Al Gore loses the presidential election, the main reason will be because of Rothnater 40, 37% plus.
Election fraud 33, a third, 30.8%.
Sucing due librenment and his running mate 15 people said that including me.
Oh, it's reloading now one second.
We campaigned 13 and mediocre performance in debates.
You know how many people said that?
George?
Yeah, eight percent.
So there you are.
And the word of heaven's war in Christa, or they still pump an oxygen?
They're still trying to get him up out of bed.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
And name of the gentleman you're referring to is Bill O'Reilly.
Oh, that's the one at Crazy in front of a bitch.
Great show.
He's a real crackback.
Listen, as far as all this, it is ridiculous.
And I think it would be the first one making tons of jokes at these people holding up the bow towards the light.
I would have what he has.
As if they're waiting for the light beams to punch a hole for Gore.
I think that historically there's been doubts, doubts in their reelection.
Where have all these screaming people been when it comes to counting people's votes then?
It didn't happen with Kennedy.
Clinton's election tons of doubts were tossed away.
And I guess it wasn't a big deal because Clinton won.
I hope you and Bill O'Reilly have a good life together.
She's being serious.
Great show.
He is 400 yards to the right of the Taliban, even Hitler would be embarrassed by that.
Yeah, it is humble man.
He doesn't have a, oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Yeah, they're waiting for a moon being to come to the, honey, if you want to steal the election, you're going to have to do it by more than 300 votes.
I think that's what the essential message is.
If you want to steal this election, which almost anybody who would be even honest for a second would tell you that everybody knows Gore won the state of Florida.
But if you want to steal it, do it by more than 300 votes.
That's a little bit better than that.
Maybe like 310.
Here's a mobile and 4-order mail.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great show, man.
Yeah, don't worry.
Just look at all those things I wanted to say to you.
For one, I don't want you to hit it to the airport just yet.
Just hang around until we get rid of the jet-can kaboosh.
No.
Ha, ha, ha.
I don't know the thing.
These are probably guns.
Yeah, who?
Why won't they just be Americans first before they're be Republicans?
Mm-hmm.
All they can do is that.
And a blasting meal.
They're in the bush, man. They came up themselves.
I hear that.
A blasting meal.
You know what song you're going to be hearing in the White House soon?
And what is that, sir?
You know about all of that, David's song?
Why don't we all just get scone?
Yeah.
That's what G.W. Vlad is Yahoo, friends of the playing in the White House.
Oh, right.
Okay, when we start.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
I'm a good day, G.W.
Okay, good.
Keep up the good work.
Good day.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
That billo rally.
He's a great, it's a great show.
He's a-ha, ha, ha, ha.
Was that even brown, they called?
Yeah, it sounded like it.
Well, speaking of even brown, I get home yesterday.
I guess there was a message from on the phone, George.
Show.
A great close personal friend, Cheryl.
Are we going over there soon?
Well, I asked her yesterday, I said one to Silberon, too.
But anyway, she said, oh, well, I might just be wanting you to call him because Steve Dollars
is going to be doing the show from West Palm, you know, to exploit all the stuff down here.
And once they have me on there, and here's the number for Mike Disney that I call him back.
No.
No.
Even assuming that I would be here, which I'm not going to be, but even assuming that.
Well, I go on here, first of all, Steve Dollars and Assel, that's number one.
And Mike Disney?
Oh, don't even get me started with him.
Maybe he's still putty in the waistband.
Yeah.
See, I don't have a need.
I don't have this compulsive need to be on other shows.
I have this show.
I mean, this crowd that we got out there, you know, you want to see, I just dumped George.
So you have it out there yet.
We don't do that.
We don't play that game.
We don't do it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
And Bill Wright and his family call you like two times a year?
That did, yeah.
I think she has a program and a radio.
That's all she does all day long.
I think she wants to look for the secretary of Bush.
That's what I think.
And what a right-wing pro-pag handle that, ladies.
Hey, I'm, let me get a quick update on the whole mess.
Oh, this must be great.
It seems now that this is all the best Jewish conspiracy headquarters.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's the bulletin, Broward County, to proceed with full manual recount.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Well, I'm, quote, this is probably suspicion that this is all of that Jewish conspiracy
headquarters in Palm Beach County.
That's why I did say it's a Jew thing, right?
That's what they're saying.
All right, Neil, take care.
OK, and back to you.
See, that's the air Cuban.
That's why Georgia is so anti-Semitic.
So we have a full recount ordered a Broward County,
if they're perceived with a full manual recount,
then of course it's two o'clock.
They'll have sent that letter to the secretary of Bush.
And she'll say, I don't think so.
So they're proceeding.
And if Palm Beach ever gets the right together, what happened in Palm Beach?
The important part of this case.
So right now, in fact, the people that were supposed to be doing the handbrake
and recount the sitting inside.
And they're waiting for the Supreme Court to rule.
I got news for them.
They're going to be waiting for a long time.
All right, and we're going to keep you there.
And also the way hand side of the screen, the picture is just over there.
We're also keeping an eye on that.
A lot of news conference is expected to get underway with Warren.
That's a pretty good...
OK, there's still a...
There's a little bit of color came into his face so far.
They're trying to get enough of color in his puts so they can stand him up straight,
pop him up, and get his mouth moving.
Poor Warren.
He's been dead for six years.
He got a command and he's been doing a pretty good job for a dead man.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
So, Brown is going forward.
Palm Beach is going to be going forward.
They just don't know when and whether it's the pregnant Chad's or the hanging Chad's
or the swinging Chad's or the swinging door.
So we've got at least those two.
And of course, they've counted there like, we don't want to be bothered because we're busy.
Here's the rabie.
Chalo.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
I wasn't around when the Kennedy pulled off that coup that they got away with.
But I can certainly understand how they ended up with the faith that they had.
I mean, you just can't do this type of thing.
How they ended up with the faith that they had, what does that mean?
Well, what happened to them?
That had to do with stealing the election year.
I think it might have something to do with Jimmy Hoffa, stuff like that.
Of course, yes.
Of course, yes.
You have to draw the monsters.
You think that might have something to do with it?
Absolutely.
Maybe some of those big Texas oil or tycoons.
Absolutely.
The people that they went after this, they angered.
But the way that they took office, they took power, they stole it.
And then they stepped there on a tender.
You know, I'm sure there's more.
What is the, what are the kind of the Kennedy's have to do with this?
I don't know.
I'm missing something.
OK.
Let me just take this one step further.
40 years ago.
Everybody that is talking about Jeb Bush not getting reelected.
Yeah.
I don't think Jeb Bush will be here to be reelected.
He's going to be sitting in some thought position up in DC just like Bob.
He Kennedy was.
I mean, yeah.
It's like they modeled this entire thing after that Kennedy election.
And that happened.
There's no question that they want him to be next in line.
Sure.
First it's W.
And then it's Jeb and then it's Jeb, Jr.
If they can erase that thing about him to school, that brought him here.
And parking a lot of it up in Tallahassee.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just so obvious.
And maybe it's George P.
If they can get him to stop running around like a maniac in front of his ex-girlfriend's house.
Right.
Comment down a little bit.
It's just so obvious that they targeted Florida.
And as you start to peel back the layers every time a new player comes into the picture,
you know, they got him set.
I mean, like, you know, Jeb reclused himself, recused himself.
I'm sorry.
Reclused, yeah.
And how can I let me ask you this?
Somebody brought this up last night and they were even saying, oh, it was Paul Begalla.
Even saying nice things about Jeb, which was shocking.
But he gave him high marks for recusing himself because he's obviously got no objectivity.
And he says, how come the Secretary of Washington do the same thing since he's a Bush campaign worker?
How the hell could you be objective?
Which he, as she can't.
Well, the reason Jeb did that so early is because he knew that it would fall to this person.
And she was, you know, on the team.
It's just, the thing is so transparent to me.
And thank God I just heard that news from you that Groud is going to recount.
Yeah.
Like I said, let's drag it out for four years.
Hang on a minute.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's the Secretary of Bush.
Who the hell are shaking?
Does any believe she's got?
She wants to be the ambassador to something.
She don't care where all the hopeless, maybe the Monaco someplace like that, you know, Monte Carlo.
Yeah, that may be a George W.
It's in the show where it is on the map after somebody shows him.
Oh, that thing about William Heyg yesterday, that was just the best.
He would let, he's here in the country you'd like to meet with George W.
Another large conservative.
Oh, yeah, that would be great.
But who is that?
Who I'd like to know who that is before I meet with him.
Oh, okay.
Oh, he's from England.
Let's show you where that is on the map.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Uh, listen, I just wanted to say a little comment here to all of you, but I'm listening.
I kind of cover all the bases.
Number one, I'm a registered Republican, actually, vote for war.
Number two, my brother is gay.
Number three, my way.
Hands is gay.
She's a dyke.
And she doesn't like the fact that Bush is anti-abortion even though she's never
got a baby most likely.
And another thing is, how in the health that our Bush be so close in numbers to board down
here when he is against the gay vote, the black vote, and the women's white vote.
Right.
I mean, just simple numbers couldn't add that up to the point that must I lost it.
There's an awful lot of red-next-and-bibles numbers out there, which I guess is a little crossover.
Well, you know, my only thing for that is that if people believe that this is not a fix or something going on, then they're stupid enough to still believe that Lee Harvey also killed Kennedy.
Right.
So imagine that.
Well, that's all I got to say, but have a nice one.
Okay, back to you.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
Now, what do you say he was gay?
Oh, his five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18 team for rise of wireless line.
I don't know.
It's just really, it's incredible as whether it is.
It stretches your credulity.
I'm stressing it right now without too much success.
Rower County votes to proceed with full manual recount.
Oh, I'm going to proceed as soon as they can figure out the word to stick it.
Oh, and then of course we got just two and a half hours away.
And it's the name of the thing we should be over by then because I couldn't say in two days in the role of having that kind of stress.
Another major announcement because then the secretary of Bush is going to have to be getting by that deadline.
And she just keeps arbitrarily making up.
Did the judge yesterday in his ruling say anything about a deadline for her to say?
No, no.
Oh, he talked about the file.
Oh, here you go, finally.
The board of the Supreme Court.
Warren Crystal, they talked about a Tallahassee trial court pending legal disputes concerning the presidential election here in Florida.
She has also suggested that the hand counting of ballots be suspended during this interim period.
We think that the effect of this proposal would be to delay yet again the effort to ascertain the views and the will of the people of this state.
At the same time, we think there is merit to a notion of moving to resolve the legal disputes more quickly,
to reach a faster and fair resolution for all concerned.
Therefore, we will be responding today to Mrs. Harris' petition with our own proposal to speed up the resolution of the matter.
Instead of sending the cases to a trial court here in Tallahassee County, we will be asking the Supreme Court of Florida itself to resolve critical questions.
Those questions are first, whether the hand counts now ongoing our appropriate under photo law and if so, what is the deadline for their completion?
Second, what are the standards for determining if a vote has in fact been cast and whether a countywide hand count is justified and warranted?
All of us share in a desire to have a speedy and accurate resolution of these questions.
We hope that Secretary Harris and the Bush campaign will join with us and support this proposal to have the Supreme Court of Florida take charge of these questions and bring them to a speedy, rapid resolution.
Oh right! We think it offers the best hope for moving the county or Florida to a fair and speedy outcome for all.
We disagree with Secretary Harris's call to suspend the vote pending, sorry, to suspend the manual of county.
He didn't breathe in keeping pending the outcome of the litigation.
That the counts continually believe that an understanding that the ultimate status will depend upon the decisions reached by the Florida Supreme Court will open a rapid and timely way.
If the Supreme Court rules against any of these counts or clarifies the law in some respects, then appropriate steps can be taken with respect to the hand counts.
Once again, as I indicated, we remain disappointed by the actions of the Secretary as late because we believe that the effect of them will be only to the way once again the counting of the votes.
We hope that the Supreme Court of Florida will take this opportunity to speed the process to what we think is the goal of all of us and not just to have a full fair and accurate count of the votes.
Oh right! Okay, and I will misspoke yesterday, come to find out that all seven of the members of the Florida Supreme Court will be pointed by Democratic governors.
I just mentioned that in passing. Father Perinoia, 28 after 11 at 560, QN.
Neil Roger shows, you sports radio, 560, QN.
132 at 562, and Warren Christopher is running out of gas. He's still speaking. What he said?
There was a good point that was raised by one of the, well, I mean, in reverse, one of the questions.
That is, the Republicans didn't turn down those votes when a hand recounted for a several counting. They picked up 100 votes up there by 98.
Then Polk County just arbitrarily said, oh, we're going to do a hand recount and they picked up another 100. The Republicans didn't say, oh, we don't want those votes because that hand recounting that's an accurate and it's very subjective.
They said, okay, great. If you took away those 198 votes, you know what that would mean right now? 102.
Well, those were accurate hand recount, 102. Now, what do you think that they would be saying if they were head right now?
I mean, 300 votes has come up, but 102. I think they'd be heading for the hills. They'd be back, they'd be going back to the ranch.
Here's a lady mobile in candle. Hello. Morning, sir. Yes, ma'am. How you doing? Good.
This is first of all, I just want to thank you as all these have to just being a place where we the people can vote for our opinion.
That's me. Me the people. That's you, my friend. All right. About the other colleagues that about the level of the excuse or excuse themselves, I really think that this woman should and I just don't understand what Democrats are pushing that.
Well, I think maybe they like the fact that she's so obviously partisan and she has no credibility. Maybe that that lends her to their cause.
Yeah, I could be maybe in or that's the other colleagues that there was something going on beneath the scene that we certainly don't know about.
But the thing that's interesting is I don't know if anyone spoke to you about this, but Florida voters voted that the Secretary of State's position should be eliminated by the year two.
Right. This is the last. This is the last one. Right. She's it. Yeah, voters said that it was just a ceremony. She's a figurehead. Right. She's about as much of an official as the W is infected.
But I'm thinking of the size of the president of the United States. I mean, and also that's been getting bird guy showed up again. The Ilium of both. Yeah, he's all of a sudden become aware just like candle coffee now has become a leaving liberal now. Ben Gidberg is an ulcerer right when real.
But you know that something knows you didn't have the amicable. And it said that when you're on the. Yeah, you don't want to get bigger upset. Okay, good luck to us. Bye bye. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line. You're following all this.
Anybody keeping a real close track? Oh, keeping your thumb on it or what? It's going to be true. I'm with those circumstance. Here's David Boy. It would be very unreasonable to ask people to stop those.
I hope not. But the game may be already was a major account is why it's possible and then bring down the.
So that's not true at all. You agreed to a deadline. It's like the second day of state once again, resolution by a deadline and and and and we do to and one of the things that's in our petition will be an
application. Mr. Christopher will refer to while it requests to the service of import to set the reasonable deadline. This is not a matter of weeks. This is a matter of days. We don't think it's a matter of hours.
We do think it's a matter of days. Home beach has done it done in a week. If you had to have the various opinions and other actions by the secretary of state for stop the recount, we'd be a lot closer to having him.
That's all right. That's a long day. Right here at a time. It's not going to drag on indefinitely. It'll be done in a matter of days and all we're saying is let the process continue. Let the votes get out.
I'm not here. I'm a second to more. I'll be able to sit down and negotiate with people the same goes to Mr. Baker. Why you have not been able to as we figured out here, you're not willing to say that under certain conditions, you'll accept an end game. Why have the two sides? Why have you and Mr. Baker not sat down behind closed doors, figured out what's acceptable to both sides? Then come out and say, that's it. Will accept these charts?
I think you may have some ideas why we've not gotten together when you look at the proposal that Mr. Baker made yesterday. We should limit ourselves to the overseas ballots of trust the ballots that is committed by five o'clock yesterday. I wasn't my judgment as serious proposal and I'm not by business start and negotiation on the basis of that kind of proposal.
If you want to pause down to what's Baker saying, hey, we got to buy 300 votes and we're pretty damn sure we're going to win the amp's and P ballots when I was right. We're military people can't do vote and that's it. So just agree with our side.
So was it a great surprise? They said no, how we don't think so. 5 6 7 0 5 60. How is our pool coming 167 votes? The battle go loses this election. The main reason will be because of Ralph Nader.
59 votes out of 167. Ralph Nader is number one enemy right here. He was on the bench. Election for 51. We campaigned 22 choosing Jew Lieberman as his running mate 20.
An immediate performance in the debates 15. But winning so far is that obnoxious, pot-marked face piece of turd that fossil from the Stone Age. Ralph, it's all about me, Nader.
How do you like that? Say it again. Yeah. And wasn't I sitting here chewing people out and screaming and yelling before the election? Don't throw your vote away and vote for Nader because every vote for Nader is another vote for GW.
And we were thinking like, you know, in Wisconsin and Oregon and Minnesota, maybe in state of Washington. And it come to fight out right here in this state of Florida, which is now 300 measly votes apart.
That those 98,000 Nader votes over running late have tilted the balance in the selection. Say it again.
You sound like a bitch. Good. I feel better. 21 till 65 60 WQF. I am just up right now.
In theaters now from the producer of Charlie Vangel. It's Charlie. She's angels.
So you can't be the first lover to my whole life. Yeah, Daddy. I'm falling to you like a boy over with her. Oh my goodness. Did you know what I said? It's like, come here. Come here, Daddy. You look so good.
Keep it up, you big hair and your face. I'm going to dummy back. Charlie, she aims angel. Free beer for the first five rows. Not playing the land is like looking at your sister. Sure, she's a great piece of tail. A little gloss for the goodies, but it's just a rainbow.
That was a hand job coming along, John. Sixteen till the last 60 WQA M. Here's the fact that says here's the latest news for her.
The Al Gore is bringing back alien to help and count the votes. In fact, you also then let's bring back alien to the Al Gore's responsible for me, counting every vote and they.
Number two, the old Jews were told to select home. Number two, if they wanted free soup of the early bird dinner and home number three, if they wanted to vote for Al Gore. So they pinched, they punched both because they wanted both.
And number three, they got confused because the early bird menu has the number of the white they've never seen a butterfly menu. You know something they might like it if they find out that butterflies are free.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line. Everybody's in court. Don't call try to talk to anybody because except for us over here, everybody else, they're in court.
Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, listen, what are we, what's going to take to?
How much longer do you think Terry Murray could be around for because I can't take too much more of a solution? Well, he still errors. Like Matt had said yesterday, how could any of us still be there? How could, how could the Marisa and how could Tori still be there? Beach, me?
I think it's those naked pictures of Wayne with that belly go. I think as long as they got those, they're safe. I don't think Bill Tori's got his bow tie on tight enough. Hey, you used to play a lot of your leaf highlights and I have heard lately, but you don't have to play too much more of the Pittsburgh Paglin stuff as a reason why here.
Because I'm I'm phasing back like I said before on the hockey stuff because there's nobody in this town interested in hockey. So why should I shoot myself on the foot? Okay, can you do me one favor, play a little more Pittsburgh now? My six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T. I mean, Mike Lang is great. He's a friend of mine, all other good stuff. But am I a penguin fan? No, Sam, a least fan. That's why I played at least highlights in the mission, which your bone is the best in the world. We have any least highlights that I say, I would actually play some of these highlights with Bob Cor from Saturday, but when you blow a three to a league with four.
Second blood in the after several for tie. It's even I wouldn't play that. So no, I'll pass five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. I mean, I'd be glad to talk more hockey, but there's no hockey fans here. There's nobody here. Nobody cares. They don't know.
It's a one dimensional and all it's talking about even during all the sports shows is the guy, the MBCS pool, all these overgrown children. What have I said about this?
Have I said that for years? College football, poor mentality. And other thing of this championship game in this, this stupid as BCS college, poor, with all these ratings based. I mean, let's face it, when you're playing
McNeese State and you're playing all these girls schools like Pemple and Hofstra and Vassar and Palm Beach Atlantic University. What are the expect? The fact that they're even rated the
who are coons is a miracle or the beat number one and two. Yeah, but half of their games are against rural schools. And how do you compare it? Not that it really makes any difference in the first place except like I said for a bunch of overgrown children who want to feed their own egos.
Oh, yeah, my school's number one. Yeah, but you're still a moron. You know, so what's in this is a make? Who cares? If they see an in professional sports, I hate to make the news to you, but they play what I'm supposed to be the other professional teams in their league.
Even though some of them like the Panthers is a question mark whether they're a professional or not. But I mean, that's the way that works. So there is at least some balance.
But at college football, you got somebody's school that they play one or two tough teams and they play a bunch of girls schools the right for the year.
Thank God there's all those military schools for no to name to keep beating.
Here's a call from Rochester. Hello. I'm by you over here. Yes.
Neil, how are you doing? Neil? Okay.
I'm doing Rochester for five months. Oh, yeah. Nice timing, too.
I heard when it's only 24 snowfall next week. Yeah, I heard when it snowed. It doesn't stop snowing.
That's correct. So June, how open? What's going on, Neil? I miss you. I believe you do.
Yeah. Well, at least you post-edgy relations. They're not up there anyway. We've got problems.
Hey, there's no corruption in the state of Florida. No, no, I've never had.
Okay, well, let's have a couple of white hats for me and they're good luck here.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Hawaii's the wireless line out of town line for calls.
Hopefully better than that. Look at this. Here's no mechanical is becoming getting his own show now.
Well, I'm just trying to update you on the law. Although I've just been devastated by you calling Hofstra a girl school.
Let me say again, girl schools like Vassar and Hofstra and here's a girl to prove it. Go ahead.
Now come on. That's Hofstra's the Harvard of Hamstead. Yeah. Like I said, girl schools like Harvard and all of the Ivy League schools.
Here's a significance of what Warren Christopher said as compared to what James Baker said.
Okay. First and foremost, the Republican Party went to court to stop the hand count.
The Democratic Party went to court to ask the Supreme Court to enforce the law which provides the hand counts.
In fact, we've been doing some research. Found out this is probably the first time anyone has ever gone to court.
And these Republicans are supposed to be strict constructionists interpreting the statute.
This is the first time anyone's went to court to stop enforcement of the law.
Because it turns out the legislative intent of the statute was that we don't want to rely solely on machines in a close election.
And because we don't want to rely on machines, the courts have said that we want to rely on what the will and intent of the voters was.
And the only way to do that is to provide statute for Lee in the event of machine-dialing is too close for a hand recount.
Mm-hm. For hands, I mean.
So you got it. So what really happens is that the Democrats are going to the Supreme Court and asking the court to enforce the law.
And the Republicans in effect have gone to court and asked the Supreme Court to stop enforcing the law.
Now what's going to not really think that a two o'clock this afternoon of course there's all this other stuff going on in the meantime.
But you think she's going to have the clips for the say she won't accept the letters from Brown and Palm Beach that they're going to do the recount that it's not valid reason.
I think that would be an arbitrary and repressionist decision that would detrimentally revert back to the Republicans in a horrible way.
I think she'll back off on that.
She would be very foolish to do so, especially since the one thing the Democrats and Republicans just agreed on is that willing to stipulate the jurisdiction of Supreme Court together.
However, the Supreme Court itself, you know if they get hung up on legal ease, they may turn around and decline jurisdiction and say something like,
I'm sorry this has to go through the trial and the telecom process before we take it.
No. And there's that possibility.
They're not going to do that, though, are they?
I would hope that they did not.
I would hope that they automatically presume that this is going to come to them anyway.
But just like the federal court and Miami declined jurisdiction of the case saying it was a state issue, it could happen even though everybody is in rush the judgment, particularly the Republicans.
They just want to say it's over in their head.
They're ahead. They've got their 300 votes and let's wrap it up right now.
And you're exactly right. That's the way they're looking at it and you can create that impression that's wish-worn.
But let me ask you this. Suppose that all this legal random because they, the recount in Palm Beach in Broward, assuming he goes ahead, is going to take many days.
You're talking about half a million votes plus in Broward and almost a million Palm Beach.
So suppose we get to Friday and by midnight all these overseas ballots will remain to them comes in.
And they count them all up and then Saturday morning, Gour, without any more of this recount going on, goes ahead by 600 votes.
Now at that point, the Gour people are going to say, okay, let's certify it's all over with.
Well, that's why it's very significant that the Democratic Party has gone into the Supreme Court and asked them to set any appropriate deadlines.
They've said that, look, we want to know what the standard should be on what the date should be. They're saying whether any deadline should be set.
As you well pointed out, Catherine Harris came up with this two-a-clock deadline on her own.
And even though the state provides for a November 17 deadline, the Supreme Court can say extenuating circumstances can extend it.
So you really have an option here of having the Supreme Court make a declarative judgment by potentially tomorrow, the next day, outlining what the requirements for all these counties are.
Because as you said, Broward County just want to have an order to canvas.
And what about date County? Now the Gour campaign is saying that they make sued date county and order them to go ahead and do the hand recount?
That's what they're talking about. But it may become moot if the Supreme Court rules against them.
If a lot of these counties in the county court...
How about the Supreme Court rule against them doing recount? Ty, if that's the law.
I don't think they will. That's my whole point.
I think that's what's happening here is that the Supreme Court is trying to get a declarative ruling that the Democrats are going to get a declarative ruling from the Supreme Court that can recounts a lawful and that will allow the date county people and Broward County people to go forward, which they were reticent to do until they got that ruling.
So what you're seeing is the unfolding of a judicial process in a very speedy fashion.
And everybody should be thrilled that so far it's working properly.
Oh yeah, we should be thrilled. I'm just sick of this. Everybody should be.
Yeah, I'm nauseous. This better be the last time that the election in the state of Florida is all like this.
I want to start making any threats, but I'm just going to say it again. This better be the last time we do this.
Okay, and after you get off the earth is something else I'm totally about.
We'll watch hang on right now. Okay, hang on. Where is it? Oh, there he is. Okay, let's do the break.
Court Radio 560 WQAF Miami Port Lauderdale, a measly broadcast group station hang WQAM.com or the world.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Hey, yo, this meal is for everyone. Just shut up and try it.
Hey, yo, you know, fuck will lock with a fuck wearing a sock.
It's no less don't forget let me get understanding. Now a mad you're from bad because I've had all I can.
When you go back to who will but you will, my voice is no choice. I'll get best.
I'm just in time. I want you to come soon to prove that I now got a my heart play out for an old juice like a soup.
Maybe root for the rule. The grinch gives the pinch of rouse give you the ditches of shut up and give up.
Open up and eat up. Just try it. No guys. You see that? You like it? I don't mean to be mean with a towel.
I can beat the dog out. The man who can't beat the dog. If I wasn't, I wouldn't be saying I can't.
I can't deny just to my master plan. After this, the food was to jam and I am the man between us and him.
If I wasn't, I wouldn't be saying I am. And my mind fits just to my master plan. You know, we are Mr. Sam I am.
Oh yeah. Go send in Luke who want to just slice me up the roast beef.
You guys know doctors do. He's kicking it straight off.
Yeah, kick this. It's 1159 at 560 WQM. Thanks to our friend Brad over Tony's pizza.
190 second North West second Avenue. Is that correct?
And like that pizza, this keeps getting better and better and delivery people just keep getting better and better.
What do you laugh at about? And this is no laugh in matter. Here is a fact is your influence reaches far and wide,
vote off and in voter oil. That's what I said. In Milwaukee, the Marquette University Student newspaper Tuesday,
we put it to the 174 students and then voting at least twice. All right.
Now, boys got to lead in Wisconsin. What is it? Signed up 6,000 votes. So I think we have to worry about 174 students and voted at least twice.
Unless they voted like 50, 60 times a piece, then I'm like a little hairy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on our 18 team for rise and wireless lines. Nothing going on here. All in there with a Supreme Court.
Up, up, up by the Supreme Court. It says is there no provision under Florida law for a one-off vote.
The racist is a statistical tie and if the vote is always in the, no, no, not in the presidential race.
219 votes on our poll. If Al Gore loses this election, the main reason will be because of Ralph Nader is leading number one.
Nader with 77 votes. In fact, it's reloading right now. Like I said, Nader with 78 votes, election fraud 70, a week campaign 29 choosing Jewelie Bremen as his running mate 27.
And mediocre performance in debates only 20. Fancy. Anyway, yes, the then.
Or if you and Van is that psychos Creek, Sepus Creek Road and Andrews on the Northwest corner at the Starlight Diner.
Well, let me write that down. How am I going to remember that? The Starlight Diner, which I never heard of, must be pretty damn good.
They're a good corner of one. Cyprus Creek Road and one. Andrews. Andrews. That's what they said.
Are there like any white people on Andrews?
Up there?
That's right. I know. That's a brush.
It's just a joke. Jesus.
K Christ. So they're there from now till 2 o'clock.
Joe Castello was there. I'm assuming. And the nephew with our best annual stuff at our CDs and cassettes. And of course, those nifty.
Sports for the Russians and the best.
Keychains and T-shirts for a plan parenthood. So we're up there in the, do it.
Talk up some cash.
Here's Pember Pine. Hello.
Hey, new. Yes, sir.
Of your show. Listen. Now this is. This is how court bail stuff gets passed. I see it now. Everybody's talking about Bush and go or Bush and go.
And then you mentioned one little thing kind of new breath about. Steve's doll is coming to South Florida.
Oh my god. That's what I said. Oh my god. Jesus. I've been a lot of time in Chicago and listen. You know, on the WCKG, the package.
They got how that's my business station. Yeah, that jack has my business. And then John and Ben Myers pretty good.
And then following him and Steve doll is showing so bad with Neil. The worst part is he's mean.
He's one time one of his, his people. You know, he's got two people on the show with him. Yeah. All they do is say. Yeah, like Steve said, I think I'll wash my shirt today. They go. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good idea.
It's like the boy that wishes them off into the cornfield. You know, Steve doll is a never was washed up. That's my opinion. I might. Yeah. Well, see.
Is it really going to come here? Yeah, they're going to be doing a show from my spawn to explore all the stuff that's going on. And Mike,
there's me who used to be my boss and I would be many years ago.
I'll briefly let me keep peeking in the waist. He wanted me to call him so I could arrange to be on with him. Like I need more publicity.
I need to be on the air. Chicago with Steve down. Of course, the answer is no. Yeah, but you on the air. Chicago. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, then I will.
Steve doll. Oh, please. I don't get. I just don't know why do they hate Liz while so much. I just don't get. I'd rather hear her 100 times than Steve doll.
I don't want to hear her anytime. And you have a great day. Oh, God. These talk show groupies. Oh, God almighty.
I was Mr. Ego doing it. Whatever happened to. Yeah. Whatever happened to me. Fowars. He's still dead. Five six seven, oh, five 60 pound, five 60 on the 18 T and Verizon Wireless line.
Many open lines now for the first time in days. I just mentioned that in passing because I think you're running out of gas.
You feel it? I'm not a gas because this is I mean, how much more can you say? Although this is the blessing just like the alien thing because what else will we have going on here?
Anything else at all? No, just that hockey crap, which I'd be glad to talk about with nobody here cares about it. Nobody even knows who the LAR.
They don't know Brian Murray from Catherine Murray. So what's the point of talking about that? Here's a lady in four-letter. Hello. Hello. Yes, man.
All right. As far as all your choices are concerned, I'd say voter fraud. Yeah, the election is fraudulent. Uh-huh. It's fraudulent.
Everybody knows the core one. And last night when they decided not to recount the votes in days, I was so aggravated.
Since when when we know it's going to turn the election towards four, where they choose not to recount the votes.
Be tell out of me. Is that what we've got? Why even mind that the girl people go into court and sue them? They court might order them to go ahead and do it.
Well, they've got it because Palm Beach is doing it. And the judge allowed Palm Beach County to his official not to set their own recount rules.
Here, let's keep panning to the left. Here, you can see all of the reporters and photographers. If you want to just view the side, if it looks good to you, if it's got a pregnant, the pause, the pregnant chat, there are dozens and dozens of reporters and camera crews from all of the nations here, predominantly the East Coast, but a lot from Midwest and actually, Dan, let's pan over.
Can you pan over a little bit through here? You'll see even more of them over here. And they're doing all of their their live reporting team. This small contained area that is outside the Florida emergency operation center.
Other of them are behind closed doors under with a camera. Undertaker hand by hand, ballot counting. It didn't happen because the canvassing board said two things.
First of all, we don't know how to handle these pregnant and then dimpled ballots. Where do we know how to handle the hanging chat, the dislodged chat, partially defrosting? We're going to go to court.
So they went to a specific court judge. Short time ago, he said, decide for yourself. You have the latitude and the discretion to make up your own. But they're not going to do that because in the interim, while that court hearing was taking place, Bob, they came back out here and they said,
we're going to suspend him definitely because the secretariat state has now filed a petition before the Florida Supreme Court until this case is decided, we're not going to make a move. Now, all of this is coming amid very serious accusations of voter fraud and allegations of criminality proven.
This is a document that was filed by Republican fair claiming that one of the board members here, Carol Roberts has engaged in switching ballots in favor of Al Gore and against Governor Bush in her capacity on the camera.
The court has been under the control of the Democratic Party for a long time. The court has been under the control of the Democratic Party for a long time.
The court has been under the control of the Democratic Party for a long time. The court has been under the control of the Democratic Party for a long time.
Now, earlier today, I have the chance to talk to the attorney for the Democratic Party. His name is Dennis Newman. He has this to say.
This is a desperate attempt by the Republicans to throw the focus off the act fair and act against those votes here. All of the commissioners, all of the commissioners, handle those ballots in the same manner that she did. They had to look at it.
I might add, over hundreds of challenges, that 99.9% of them were unanimous votes by the board. All three agreed.
Are you saying that the three people who signed after David swearing under penalty of surgery that they observed this manipulation and degradation in switching ballots are lying? Yes.
All right. Now, look, the Republicans are saying that Carol Roberts is biased. But there are charges that are flying on both sides. For example, there are Democrats who say the Secretary of State, Catherine Harris, is biased. Oh, no.
Just to show you how absurd this is getting to.
Rob, Ken Blackwell, who is the Secretary of State in Ohio, flew down here to try to defend Ms. Harris. I talked to him earlier. Let's listen.
The reality is that we are a country of laws. This is a state of law. She's being guided by the law and by her partisan affiliation. But how can people be sure?
Well, one because the law is pretty clear and we have pushed to interpret the law. And I think that's what we just did yesterday.
He looks like an Uncle Tom to me. Bush Cheney spokesman. So that's him. Oh, brother. Yeah. So our Uncle Tom probably doing it with the watcher and a JC want eight minutes after noon at 560 WQM.
But Neil Roger show sports radio. I'm 60. You.
And the
residential.
Live up in wonder who's going to win. Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting. So count up for the ballot.
The final tabulation started coming in.
That I thought a new splash on Channel 10. Some may be people all together in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a bunch.
I don't have one thing in common.
I just keep it.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who.
I don't know who turtles are
intervention, California, or Australia to buy
have chart in their
remove,
have chant and
poke their
stakeholder.
That's what some art on plenty means.
There's too many holes, should I punch you or not?
Look at this palette, it's all on the top six!
Part of all the confusion!
And this butterfly palette they're using has got everybody's eyes crossed, trying to vote.
This whole election is how it's controlled.
The palaces lost and they can't find the hole.
Where does the palisot go?
Nobody knows.
It's part of all the confusion!
It's part of all the confusion!
The holes are closed.
Let's go home.
To watch network TV for returns on the final results.
They say it's gold.
Wait, not anymore.
Now they say it's bush, we've been up all night and Florida still don't seem right.
It's got some balance with stuff inside somebody's trunk.
Thank everybody in Florida who voted for Governor Jeff.
The issue is very clear.
What happened down here?
Did you have one for you to win?
What's their countenance again?
And that's how it's done in Florida still.
In that inefficient anthem, not to mention for a rough.
Now everybody around the world knows that Florida's voting with all the wrong holds.
America's flag is the land of the Swapandans.
It's part of all the confusion.
It's part of all the confusion.
It's part of all the confusion.
You have painted it in a part of the century.
Florida's down after...
Well said, Twitter.
It's 12.45 at 5.62pm.
That line's coming up for Florida counties to justify hand-recon.
Now why don't you stop and think how ridiculous this is.
They have to have two o'clock to justify the hand-recon.
But in the meantime, the Secretary of Bush, she's in court in the Supreme Court and the bush people just joined her suit, by the way.
They joined her lawsuit to try to stop the manual recounting of votes.
And yet she's put herself in a position where at two o'clock, she's going to have to justify.
She's going to have to agree with these letters to justify the hand recounts which are now in front of each.
What do you say about that?
The Fox starting the chicken coop.
I mean, the legal nationation is going on right now.
I just unbelievable.
They're incredible.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
I don't know if you have a file that I want somebody missing on your show that if the ballot was not completely filled out, that it was flipped out.
That's not true.
That's not true.
No.
Okay. I wasn't sure I never heard any follow-up, but I didn't know of normal chances of dismissing.
No, it's not true.
The ballot is whatever you fill out, those races, your ballot counts.
But then as far as the presidential elections can show, they put those in the under vote pile and they have to check those out if the recount goes on.
Okay. That's all I wanted to know.
Okay.
You bet.
560.560.560 on the AT&T and for lines of wireless, there are $500 or not.
Still have people showing up thinking that there's something free there.
Let me say it again.
There's nothing free at the Starlight diner.
Okay.
Including Joe Costello, including the nephew, including lunch.
There's nothing free up there.
See, I totally cypress-creek road and Andrews, not too far from win-mour.
You know what I'm saying?
Oi!
AT&T, all your boys, they give it away to free.
Let's go there, they're diners.
The answer is no.
Isn't it interesting?
A lot of the same people who couldn't find the which hold a punch on the election day, they can smell out a free anything from 100 miles away.
Anything.
Anything else they're driving around, they're lost, they're weaving in and out and finding a traffic.
But if there's something free or an early bird going on, there's there, as punctual as the day is long.
We have nothing for free for you, yet those go away.
We're taking donations for plant period in exchange for the best of NEO CDs and cassettes and t-shirts and...
And those great best of NEO keychains.
We don't want to eat snores in there.
No one reminds me of...
Where way back when I was still at AT, 1977?
It's a long story how I got involved in that health food store I had over there in San Susie.
23 years ago.
And I'm going to tell you something, Heinrich Himmler would have been proud.
I got bottles of vitamins and all this stuff and they're good, very nice, terrible area.
And they'd come in and even when I was...
I had a going out of business sale because of those cheap vaccines in the area.
I had to go out of business.
I had a business sale, I had to stuff mark down like 40 and 60%.
They'd come and take up a bottle and the price of course is like a little price tag in the top of the bottle.
And they're whistling.
Isn't that make it cheaper?
Yeah, when you whistle.
Whistle while you jerk.
See I'm not whistling that good because I just had lunch.
Yeah, it's not that good actually.
But anyway, that's what it would be like.
Hmm.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Yeah, hi.
I just want you opinion on what the solution to the spin-off is.
What the solution is?
Yeah.
To solve the whole problem?
Right.
Here you go.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I would have gave my solution.
I said leave bottle in there a little before you listen.
Keep these two long heads out.
That's my solution.
They both suck.
5670560.
Oh, no, she's not there again.
She...
And she's just decision and they have made much of criticism.
Now, I thought that bitch was on her again in the secretary of Bush.
They made much of it because she's a guy.
Their part is in bitch.
Everybody knows that.
She's the cold campaign chairman for Bush in the state of Florida.
She's the self-appointed brick peater.
And she's petitioned to Supreme Court to suspend the manual recount.
She's been joined by her partners in crime of Bush campaigns in that petition to the Supreme Court.
And yet in hour and one minutes from now, she's going to take a look at the letters from Robert and Palm Beach.
And she's going to decide whether they have valid reason to go ahead with a recount.
How do you like that?
Well, I hope Hank has kept the track of that because I know he's the one person in our sports staff on this radio station who's got enough common sense that he'll keep his eye on that when the ruling comes out.
We'll have it on the ear here because I think a lot of us would like to know.
And you're certainly not going to hear it on the news station in this market.
Now, that's a news station like my little dog is a brain surgeon.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's right with him.
I'll do that diner of yours all the yinterns.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I'm a girl supporter and voted for the rest of the two evokes.
But it looks like at this point, they're just whining and waiting till it gets the outcome they want.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, what do you think about that?
No, I don't believe that.
I think that I think, you could say that about both sides, the Bush people now are frantic to stop the recounting because they're afraid they're going to find ten more votes for Gore.
And on the other side, yeah, it can be said that they're trying to get a number that they want.
Do you know how many absentee dollars are outstanding right now?
Well, you know, all of a sudden last night, they said there were 18,000.
The first day was standard was 2300.
Now, it was 18,000 overseas ballots, of which about 9,000 I guess have already come in.
So there are like maybe 9,000.
So if we get about 7,000 old Jews to vote for Mizriya, I think we might be in.
Okay, but what do they have this counted by?
By Friday and Midnight.
They have to be postpartum marked by Friday and Midnight and then they have count thirty more.
Okay.
And then what about in Palm Beach?
You had a guy on the earlier, he said he wanted to do something in Palm Beach, a revotor.
Well, they're not going to have any revotes.
Then I even recounting right now, they're waiting until the speech.
I mean, this is a secondary voice.
And to the clock gets their letter, they both bowed in Palm Beach to send the letter to her to justify the reason for their reach out.
And she's arbitrarily going to make a decision, but they can go ahead or not.
Okay, I've got three solutions.
Yes, sir.
They should have become planning about the Palm Beach dollar because they approved it prior to election.
It doesn't make any difference.
That's a technicality.
If it's illegal, it doesn't make any difference.
They made a mistake.
You can't play that on the voters.
The voters have a right to have their vote counted.
Well, I understand that, but the voters also should be a little more diligent in punching out the right number and looking at it after they punched the...
Well, I got news for.
If you were to see in the ballot, you would be saying that's okay, literally.
What's the point number two?
Well, okay.
Point number two is, in these, there's so much chaos in all these statements, the average age of the forward is...
110.
110.
I mean, get some young people in there and you know what's going to happen.
And you know, you know, how can they do that if they made election day an actual holiday?
They would say that they made an actual holiday.
They'd just have an old retiree in there whose average age is 255.
And then we could get some leave it.
And it's just like the people in Palm Beach said, we're looking at these ballots here.
They'll see some of them.
They're holding the ballot up to the...
To the light and they can't even see the ballot up close to the hole.
They counted all the people off of the big six glasses on it every day.
But if the lesson days and that's the holiday, you don't have people jamming in there.
Two hours before work and two hours after work, you're trying to get their votes in.
Amen.
All right.
Have a good day.
It's not bless us all.
Like I said.
Deal good.
Bless us all.
I'm getting a headache from it.
I really can't stand it.
Let's talk cocky.
What are you saying?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pant, let's talk about alien.
What do you say?
Alien, alien, alien, alien.
Come on up for all the alien bits again.
Let's bring him back.
God, there was a lot of fun.
That would be a good poor question, George.
Which was more fun.
The election recounts are the aliens though.
Oh, this is way more fun.
Yeah.
Nine of things.
That's a side.
It's a side.
No, that was more fun.
There was more.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, more of those.
You know, this is nationwide, everybody's interested.
But at least Kendall copies back.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Volka.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm not a chronic.
I called a few years ago.
That's too far.
It's just keeping on a bill in a less often broken.
But this call is a non-reconvoked call about, about Vegas.
A non-reconvoked about Vegas.
I just called about Vegas.
I just came back and had a good time.
It's a monkey call.
Uh-huh.
But everything was comfy.
We were fine.
We had a couple of bucks.
So when we left there, we got a bill for $272 for our phone.
And we were never called about what the charges would be.
And my cousin in the state and joining them got a bill for about $270.
And they wouldn't come.
But they wouldn't take it off.
It's a causal $11 a piece.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Call a action line.
5, 6, 7.
Yes.
So they were 5, 30.
And since you said it, it was for donations for Senator One.
Yeah.
So naturally, assuming that they can come in and donate a dollar and get the CD.
So that's the new thing.
Let me say it again.
It's 20 bucks because this is the way we do it.
We've never encountered this.
And you guys should know how to pick the areas, baby.
Why don't you go to win more next?
That would be good.
And then you can go to cemetery village.
Yeah.
And you can, you know, console those pro-bases of voters who you can.
And if they're still alive, if they haven't often sells yet.
If they haven't pulled the plug.
20 bucks for the keychain.
20 bucks for the cassette or the CD.
20 bucks for the T-shirt.
It's one standard price.
No taxes for charity.
It's the plan parent of Palm Beach embellished.
So for 20, I can get anything I want.
Take it.
20 and stick it out.
All you all the answers stay away from our people.
Okay.
Stay away.
You're polluting our environment up there.
God.
That's a starlight down a corner of Cypress Creek Road.
And Andrews, let's get some people under the age of 100 up there.
We'll understand what it's all about.
And I want to get the best of the meal stuff.
Yeah.
So are you old parts?
So are you free loaders?
Are you walking billboards for anti-semitism?
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Hey, how long are they going to be there at the sunlight?
So 2 in the PM.
So when?
2 o'clock.
Okay.
You want to go?
You want to go?
You want to go for free, do you?
I'm sorry.
A little while ago, when the call got up.
And third, Ralph Nader should be run out of time.
And third, he said.
Do you agree with him?
Yes.
Do you think Ralph Nader, do you think he called all this?
He got 98,000 votes in Florida, sir.
If he wouldn't have been on air and go with one hand down,
we'll just be all over now.
We could be talking about alien again.
Yeah, but she said he should be run out of time.
We should be taken out so that we win.
We win.
We're taking out to the woods.
She said, take it out to the wood shed.
That's right.
He didn't know what the Germans did to the Jews.
I mean, that's not true.
He didn't say that kill him.
She just said, take him out to the wood shed.
You get a little carried away.
I think I've got them on the town.
I've got them so he can, I don't know.
I think Ralph Nader wants to run.
If anybody wants to run.
And, uh, yeah, well, the way she was,
I know something, the way she was talking,
he better still run.
And I'll tell you that.
56670560, Palm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon,
wireless line.
So let's get up there and give us some money.
Okay, pal and clip.
They're getting all serious on us here.
Oh, she said he should be there.
You don't worry about her.
She couldn't step out of fly that old bitch.
420560WQAM by Andy Port Lauderdale,
a measly broadcast group station,
www.qam.com
on the world.
Nidu Hour.
This is the story of a girl who trapped her pants in the moon the whole world.
And while her butt was fine,
it looked like mine because it was ton of hairy.
And that's grown.
Welcome.
How many hairs on her hair?
Certainly more than a nine in a year.
And I'm gonna see so soon clear.
It looked like a sheep that has been sheared.
She had an ass like chewed vodka.
Where we is round on the round of her cheeks.
We needed a razor with clear.
Or a leash into the hair didn't reach.
But why did I have to see if that's a,
when they hear on the rats with no money my way?
They hear on the butt of a girl, but when they know,
K!
This is the story of a girl who trapped her pants in the moon the whole world.
And while her butt was fine,
it looked like mine because it was ton of hairy.
And that's grown.
And that's grown.
101 at 5.50 W.D. Cremts.
The judges probably tell they can set their own rules and count whatever they want,
but they're not counting to left at 2 o'clock and they see what goes on.
But how is Counting the right now?
They decided to go ahead with the recount.
And what's the name there?
Catherine, the Secretary of Bush.
She just waiting another 58 minutes and then she's going to say,
No!
We won't.
Even the, I'm here until she comes and makes a statement like that.
We just declare we won't forget the absentee ballots.
It's over. Goodbye.
And that's it. Have a nice day.
You know?
We still refer in square.
Here's Janet says we just spoke with somebody in Connecticut regarding the election
believes the people in Florida should have a chance to recount the votes.
Now, however long it takes to get the real winner,
that's what the people around the rest of the country are saying.
If it takes till the health reason is over.
In fact, with these two candidates, that's how long we hope it takes.
Now, here's a great fact from Bill.
He said, when I went to my Southwest County,
they'd pooling place.
I got to shaft like you wouldn't believe.
When I got in front of the line to receive my ballot,
I was spoken to as usual in Espan.
You know, having lived in mining my entire life,
I understand most of what it said to me,
but my responses are in English,
especially considering something so important.
After the gentleman finally found my very angry name on the rules,
I was given a pencil to sign my name on the dotted line.
I found this strange, but if my ballot proceeded to the next line to wait to vote,
after whacking my chads and finding the correct girlhole,
I walked over to the ladies stand next to the ballot box.
I handed it to my card and she said,
Eki-Piki-Wiki, while I pruning at my ballot,
I said, excuse me.
Eki-Piki-Wiki-Pu, and she points to a space
where there should apparently be some officials' initials.
She pointed at the first table where I got my blank ballot.
I realized that the clerk at the table was supposed to initial the ballot
when it was given to me.
I walked back over to the clerk at the first table,
and I was sure that my ballot drawing his attention to blank
line was initials should be.
This work gets weird.
He stood up, took my ballot and said,
let me check.
Turned around to a table behind and put my ballot down next to a few others.
When he turned back around a couple of seconds later,
I wasn't sure that was my ballot, he was missing,
and giving back to me.
When I asked to see the ballot book again to check my numbers,
I was told that once I voted, I couldn't go back to the area.
I had to go back over to Piki-Wiki-Bitch and give her my initial ballot.
She tore off the stub, gave it back to me,
and told me to drop it in the box.
I could try to drop some bogus bushpots in that box,
and my ballot was probably used as rolling paper for a freaking Cuban cigar.
That's what Bill says.
How do you like that?
Ooooo!
God.
Okay, where we going here is a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Bill.
Yes, sir.
God.
I got a solution to this election problem, man.
Okay.
It's got the historic precedent.
Remember Hamilton and Burr?
Yeah.
Cundleable.
Yeah.
Now there you go.
And the best part of all is,
the losing won't be a ride to pitch about the loss.
Okay, thanks.
5'670560,
pound 560 on the AT.
How you been was suggesting that before the shortage,
that's how old and still end is.
But anyway.
Here's a pompano.
Hello?
Yeah, my grandma wants to know if the QAM dance
could come over to a pompano exit,
they're going to get anything like this.
Oi!
Yeah, if they were still there if they,
or if your grandmother hadn't put them out of business.
Right, you know, there's one that has been brought up.
And it's not that you can borrow some of that silverware,
she's still.
All right, Sam.
I'm just a postman.
Now, there's one that has been left in this kind of formula
that nobody's brought up.
And that is when you go to the polling booth,
they have the temperature turn away,
way down, which, just from personal experience could,
you know, make your chat drink.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, nobody's taking out of it, too.
So, it's a race.
Yeah, that's another one.
Shrunk and chads and swirling chads.
Yeah.
Where's the, where's the,
look at her, her estate stand on there.
She's got her nose in it.
And in closing?
Where's the chat in Palm Beach?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Not bad.
Not bad at all.
960 out of the van.
960 at the van.
We got another almost an hour to go.
Not bad.
We'll do way over a thousand out there.
The QA in Van is at the Starlight Donner corner,
Cypress Creek Road and Andrews.
And they got all the best of the old stuff.
And if you're a cheap skater,
if you're looking for free stuff,
stay the hell away because they'll kick the living crap out of you.
The nephew will beat you as simplest.
He don't care. He's even done anyway.
He will be here to face the charges.
So don't mess with the guys at the QA in Van.
Okay?
That's for you.
God.
Here's a lady in North Waterdale.
Hello.
Yes. The first question.
I guess his name is Judge Lombaga.
Judge Lombaga.
Lombaga?
Well, I think it's-
I tried to get it fast.
But anyway, he's also on a point that he's a Republican judge.
Yeah.
They say he's quite clear.
Good.
I hope he is.
But how come she's naturally a Republican?
Why can't they force her to retuse herself?
Beats me.
I mean, if they wanted-
Beats you know what I mean?
I mean, if the judge did it,
and if Bobby Butterworth did it,
it was the attorney general
and the chairman of the girl
from President and the state of Florida campaign,
and force of them did it,
why didn't she force the do it?
I mean, this is really not inferior.
Go ahead.
And then their response is Republicans.
They say, oh, she's an elected official.
Well, so is the governor last time.
I checked so the attorney generalized by my check.
But they recuse themselves
because it was obvious that they were a part of the campaign.
And so is she.
Hi, pathetic.
Please don't understand.
She's a henchman.
She has stepped aside to make it look good,
and now she's the Bushian wording.
She's the next one in the succession.
Well, hypothetically,
if she says that she renegs
and goes along with what she wants to do,
what is the next step?
Then they have to go to the Supreme Court in the field.
And.
But the good news is keep in mind,
they're all seven justices
on the floor of the Supreme Court were pointed by Democratic governors.
Yeah, that's the only thing in the whole world.
Thank you.
Well, everybody's Republican.
Except for the Supreme Court.
Yeah, yeah.
And the high price is a naturally,
this is what's happening.
Well, I thank you.
I just wanted to let it go.
Well, maybe we can put her on that same railroad route
made her and write it both out of time.
Well, you and we are what happened
with the people that were happening,
being sent away, the blocked people.
Sure.
Absolutely.
I watched four hours of
a
cease-band.
And I was floated.
I couldn't stop.
It was on Sunday.
It was unbelievable.
All these people that came forward,
intelligent students.
I mean, it was terrible.
We sent that country back 75 years
for sending to these people.
And if Bush gets in, we'll set it back in other 75.
Yes, I really, it was horrible.
And we should be ashamed of ourselves
because this week, I'm from Burst,
I'm ready to leave the country.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Five, six, I look at it.
You see that judge,
the Republican judge in Palm Beach.
He just reached out where he
ranked on our eyelashes,
Carol Roberts.
I think he ranked a couple of long.
He said, well, it looks like a chat.
It was on a two-hour eyelashes.
That's okay.
She just looked at 1,600 left.
She said, one for each,
the number of the address of the White House.
5,6705,60,
05,560.
What am I talking about?
What I said, I'm so upset I'm ready to leave the country.
Yes, the best of Neil Rogers 2000.
I'm out of that for grandparents.
Just go to a specs music store near New York,
at WQAM.com on the next.
The best of Neil's 2000 with great hits.
Like, so Paul Jones,
you got a new nose.
That known a best,
great nice.
And who could forget the Neil Rogers keychain?
The great sound of that.
It works the lotion in the basket.
That's the American fucking way.
The most timeless classic.
The best of Neil Rogers 2000.
From Sports Radio 560 to A&D.
Florida Shucks.
I've been buying my house.
You can't go.
I can't go.
There's no much to be told.
All that's okay.
What is his way?
It's like it's no longer the case.
We make it.
There is no time to judge.
That's why I go.
Always for the next few days.
No time to judge.
He bought a seat to entail the perfect bottle.
He was born into money,
but he's so kind and dumb.
Without me,
but he was only left alone.
Why better party?
His college days.
He's so much less than two years.
Four-fifth grade.
He's a tough judge.
Who?
That's the reason.
Four-fifth grade.
He has a days of tough judges.
I bought my ticket,
then it's holding my passport.
I'm trying.
One-fourteen at five-six-six.
I came up with a great idea for a constitutional amendment.
For his family,
one president for family,
we already had one father in Son of the Duel.
John Adams and John Quincy Adams.
I think that was enough.
What did you think?
Five-six-seven-oh-five-six.
How about Alexander Hamilton?
No, he didn't make it.
Damn it.
That's the only reason John Quincy Adams got in.
He's going to understand that.
But I'm not going to pursue that any further.
Where are we going?
Let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
I'm Colleen.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Well, first I want to say I have family up in Palm Beach.
They will go to for Al Gore.
I think.
Well, they didn't seem to have any problem.
I have my mother who's elderly.
I have my mother-in-law who is sick lady.
I have my brother-in-law and sister-in-law who are young.
Nobody had a problem whether they've used the balance before.
The other question I have, your opinion on this hand count nonsense,
which I think is nonsense the way it's being done.
I have no problem with hand count, but it wouldn't be why is it a hand count the entire state instead of just district?
That's why I said to begin in the show.
Of course, because otherwise it's prejudicial.
You bet.
But the problem being that number one, the Bush people were two-stupid,
the file for hand counts within the 72 hours of the election.
And number two, because of the fact that they keep demially opposing hand counts and even going to court now to stop them,
how could they come out now and say, oh, well, you know, now after the hand count in Palm Beach and Proud,
Gore is ahead.
So we want to hand count the whole state.
Yeah, well, I agree with you.
The only rational way is if we're going to look for a serious answer here and really want to find out who won you got a hand count the whole state.
Yeah, absolutely.
Otherwise, he is where the problem that I see is coming in a bit.
If they're going to hand count specific counties or specific districts of county,
which obviously at this point, as long as I can see, are weighted towards Gore.
Okay.
Yeah, but don't forget about the 100 votes that came in from Polk County that nobody asked to recount.
They did a hand job in Polk County.
No, I don't get it.
Don't forget about several county when other 99 votes came up because they recounted a portion of their votes.
You're correct on that, but what I'm saying is no matter which candidate it was weighed, let's say it was already agreed.
You're just going around on a circle.
The answer is yes.
Let's recap the whole state.
You're trying to convince me of something I'm already convinced of.
Yes.
5607.0560.
Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Got it?
Oh, good.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, I am.
From Jesse Jackson as the white word down here.
Oh, yes.
In this night election, we are forced into a pre-dialection that must cover our dedication.
The attention.
The attention.
I'll tell you how to say how to say Rosenberg for us and watch out for the outhouse gang.
5607.0560.
Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Oh, boy.
Man.
Here's the lady mobile and port waterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just wanted to say, you know, where's the fire?
You know, I just think that where are the ants in the pants?
Is that what you mean?
Exactly.
These puppies are just trying to push it through.
Say, I want them to start seeing their their needs window.
And you know something?
You know something?
I've been saying this for days.
If they really believe they won this state, they would be very willing.
They'd be magnanimous.
They'd say, OK, let's go right ahead.
Let's count all the places you want because we're very confident.
They know they stole a damn thing.
They know that there was more fraud and corruption in this election.
The history of the whole country put together.
And that's why they want to...
We got it and we're cutting it off right now.
That's right.
It's like looking through a paint of glass, it's so clear.
Yes, I know.
I know.
It's a real pain.
It really sucks because I know that, you know, Florida is a war country.
You know, I mean, I'm dead.
No, Florida is a cracker country.
Florida is crap.
But anyway, we know that he won.
We know that he won.
OK, have a race with him.
Whatever you say.
It's a war country.
He's a war country.
It is what it is.
It's a country.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile and Cape Coral.
It's another country.
It's a foreign country.
A mobile and Cape Coral.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One thing nobody's mentioning is this, this Harris lady.
Maybe she's going to have to be a pastor for the Bush boys.
You know, maybe get her...
You know, she's going to take the fall when the pieces come falling down the top of everyone.
Yeah, from what I'm here, she's already got a few pieces falling down on her.
I don't want to mention the governor.
So what was that about?
Jebby yesterday about Jebby Jr.
Abangantan chicken, the seat of a current board.
They went outside of shopping mall and sell a handstand.
Wow.
Now, isn't this the family that keeps telling us about
they're going to restore decency and morality?
And here's the governor of the state whose life was smuggling stuff in you
because she allegedly didn't want to know what husband or all the money she was spending.
Columbus smuggler.
And now we got Jebby.
We got George P, who's running them out like a lunatic in his ex-girlfriend's,
but the parking lot of the apartment complex or the neighborhood, whatever it is,
carrying out like a maniac running around half-make-him.
I'm the window, remember?
Well, he's like Cecil.
He says, if he's good enough for the Spartans, it's good enough for the Mexicans.
And then, and then we got Jebby, who's banging a 16-year-old kid, banging his girlfriend
and broad daylight in the back seat of a car outside of a parking lot in Tallahassee.
This is the family with that white knuckles wrong.
That's going to restore decency back to America.
You've phony, lion, bastard, you.
Why don't you admit it's all for the goddamn money?
That's all you care about.
That doesn't bother me, at least if you're honest about it like that damn grave robber of my church,
at least be honest about it.
You have no, you have no scruples, you have no principles, all you care about is money, money, money, money.
That's all you care about.
Which is your privilege, your entitled, just like that damn hockey fan, that keeps bugging me at the games
which I thought I was rid of him.
And every time he comes in front of me and talks to me, he's spitting my face.
God, I thought I was rid of him and all of a sudden he shows up again.
Man.
An overgrown groupie.
Hey, Juan, have a good time in the story.
Don't come back, okay?
Do not come back.
Stay away.
It's the only person I've ever been in my life after you can have a, like a 10 minute conversation with him
which is really stupid ever.
You have to towel yourself down.
I mean, that would have been okay after the, you know, delivery guy was here from Tony's, but this was ridiculous.
Here's a mobile and booker.
Hello.
Hey, the idea on.
Okay.
All kidding aside, this thing was Bill Clinton.
The world of people, there's enough conditions to go around.
Why couldn't we change the law and keep him in for third term?
Change the laws.
Okay.
Wave your magic wand.
What, for fuck your magic, why are you fruggy?
Can we change the laws?
No.
I'll tell you what, give him the number and sales for Boltson name.
Proposal head.
Conjurek.
Yeah, and the two of them can discuss about, can bubble run for a third term.
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, but I'm with you a power.
I'm with you 100%.
Let's get Bubba in there again.
Did I already predict before the election long before the first place?
I said, man, all you people on both sides, you're going to really miss Bubba.
This is a bunch of hoops.
Exactly.
I could have said a bit of myself.
Here's cover ridge.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
All right.
Listen, a couple of things.
And the first and most important, Republicans were not stupid about asking a retound.
They just didn't want it.
It's a period.
They just picked out the hat it and why asked for retound when they had it once?
Yeah.
And the most important thing is that they did like to recount in Seminole and Pope County though they were not.
They didn't say anything about that.
They liked that.
And most important.
And they also like to recount in New Mexico that's being done by hand that had them within like four votes.
They were all here for 17 hours.
As soon as everything's starting to turn around, obviously they're going to bring out anything they can to hold onto it.
Right.
I've had the opportunity to see elections in third world countries in South America.
And over there, they have been the point that I want to make out is the exit poll.
And only two times in my life and the course of my life have I seen the exit poll miss.
And it was once in 1996 that it's been South America in a presidential election where about two and a half hours later after the polls were closed,
the results were given to one candidate because it was so close they waited.
And about five and a half hours later, the results showed it was another one.
It was the other one that won.
Right.
The president only lasted eight months when it was finally shown that it was fraud because the exit poll was probably the most accurate poll there is.
I'm surprised that about six to seven independent and new stations in our country, all of them give it to go.
And then all of a sudden have to take it back.
It's just pretty much a pretty point and simple.
That's what I'm trying to say.
It's pretty plain and simple that something very, very patient is just going on there.
Like I said, they stole a third and square.
That's exactly right.
Okay.
I'll hang in there.
I'll see you in one of those third world countries.
What are we on?
On 12th, 20, we can make two grand over there at the Estelle Identity.
We still got 36 minutes to go.
This is one of our best, like I said, nice going.
Great selection there.
If you were her Joe Joe Joe, Joe, come on.
Well, since Joe was at the hockey game doing that thing with his other jacket, he's he's there.
There's no holding back.
Now we had the three hour show Sunday morning and he did the thing at the hockey game event.
I would be surprised pretty soon he starts to get in like D-fold, but I hope not.
Soon in the parents on Friday, catch you the show that day.
How do you like that?
Pay the parents?
Like I said, he's going to be walking around with 80 different checks from 80 different outfits.
Him is a wallet.
Each one of them very small, but nevertheless they add up.
That's what Peefo says.
Like I said, I sure hope you don't want it like me.
So kicking loose and take it over to track.
Anyway, there's the Sterl Identity corner of Cyprus.
We've wrote in the Andrews and they got the best annealed stuff up there, including those nifty keychains and those CDs and consistent t-shirts.
1220 bucks.
We can get to 2000 by two o'clock.
I can smell it.
Or maybe that was the first that Gantza was cutting here a minute ago.
Well, I can't help it.
It was a real good pizza.
You think I'm joking?
Just walk in here and you'll find out.
No, no.
It's not a laughing matter.
In fact, I'm a martyr in matter.
Like that incense.
There's nothing worse than being a laughing martyr.
Here is the lady in the cables. Hello.
Uh, yes, hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I just have a comment on the election.
Yes.
First of all, there's been a count and there's been a recount.
Uh huh.
And there is no fraud.
And I don't like to hear accusations of fraud.
Accuations.
Accuations.
I'll see you in the jersey.
I'll see you in the jersey.
Okay.
Get back in the banana boat, honey.
We don't give a crap what you think.
We don't care what some banana boat, great picking bits like you have to say.
Go back to a country where you can say it and they might do something about it.
Get out of here.
560, 705, 60.
565, 60 on the 8T and 3 and Verizon.
What if it's been counted and recounting?
I don't like the AA.
Accuations.
Accuations.
Let me give you a little lesson.
Okay, honey?
Speak in the English.
That's lesson number one.
Speak in the English and cut the crap.
And just kiss the ground that somebody lets you ask in here.
Okay?
And don't be giving us no lecture about the fixed election.
Bitch.
20, so it's after 1 at 560 WDQS.
The Neil Roger show.
Sports radio.
560.
QA.
Please.
Enough talking.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, honey?
This is Bill Clinton's president on the United States.
This is my, my favorite girl, a women's dress.
I've known a few girls who stuff that were pretty, huh?
But Bill is here to tell you about girls.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and wrist-ball white pants.
But when I looked at me, they were under my child.
Whoa.
It's like your special.
Whoa.
Your makeup's gone bad.
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That nomin' press made much.
No.
I'm not.
Well, you got the brain.
But if you got the touch, then I got the ball.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't keep me warm ever, man.
Oh, no.
That's not a good swimmer.
Let's do it, Charlie.
I think you were number two.
She had a tape recorder when she kept on her phone.
And after she escaped, she was very the most.
She got herself some white gold and a tummy tug.
But she still has ugly as a pocket plug.
Whoa.
So when the trip got some surgery, that nomin' press made much.
Well, you got the brain.
But if you got the touch, then I got the ball.
Yeah, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't keep me warm ever, man.
Oh, the mind.
Oh.
Not nomin' press made much.
Oh, the mind.
All right, everybody.
No, yeah, I'm a victim.
A vague, chunky girl with a bird on the right.
The damn gap dress nearly for bail.
Well, secret meetings of a car noir.
I could've told Wil Chamberlain the hottest car.
Well, I was a big, big, big, big, big girl.
But I was just like she's so damn well.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That nomin' press made much.
Well, you got the brain.
Well, then you got the touch.
But I got the wrong.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't keep me warm ever, man.
Oh, the mind.
All right, not nomin' press made much.
And that's the last one.
I'm trying to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin's car.
When she gives birth, I think her offspring should have.
They go away and then ask the match.
Wreck them up.
They make mistakes, they show.
I'm a big, big, big girl.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the art.
Not nomin' press made much.
Well, you got the brain.
Well, then you got the touch.
And I got the wrong.
Well, I'll bring you all right.
But that won't keep me warm ever, man.
Oh, the mind.
But nomin' press made much.
Thank you.
That is my thing.
That is the women's dress.
I owe you.
133 or 560, over to QM.
So both parties now, Democrats and Republicans have gone
to the Florida State Supreme Court and they said they're straightness all out.
Handle all of these things.
And that's where they are right now.
So all they can say is hang on tight.
I'll put it today if Al Gore loses the presidential election.
The main reason will be because of Ralph Nader, 144.
How do you like that, huh?
144 freaking votes for that little pimplehead Ralph Nader.
That's a fossil.
The election for out 116.
A week came, paying 51.
Choosing Julie Bernan is running made 43.
And a mediocre performance in debates only at 29.
So look, sir, like, even with all the election hanky,
sramonding us in all the turmoil when they're still at point,
the wicked crooked finger right around Nader,
you obnoxious, egotistical, maniac, you.
We got how much 1340 bucks when you get close to two grand out there by two o'clock?
That's a star like Diner.
Joe and the Diner, if you were out there.
Oh, yes.
Two, at least star like Diner's.
People are going to the wrong one.
Yeah.
Not to do it anywhere near each other.
Well, I haven't been saying Cyprus.
I think you've heard it.
I don't have it.
I've been saying that all along.
All over the world, you're a good plaza.
Not that one.
The one up at Cyprus Creek.
Cyprus Creek Road and Andrews Avenue.
I've been saying that over and over again.
It's not periphery.
Just go there and throw a bunch of money at them.
Okay.
And could put acting stupid.
If some of these people are so stupid, you think they wouldn't be able to vote right?
Here's a mobile and popular beat.
Hello.
Is this me?
Sounds like you.
Okay.
I don't know, but I'm a mobile vacciner.
Here's a stationary and popular beat.
Hey.
That guy, you called up the thing that Katherine Harris is kind of a party.
You've got it all wrong.
You can bet that she didn't do anything without getting promised some kind of a bush sadness
if you're saying when she kept what you kept selected.
She wants an ambassador ship.
I mean, they don't even keep it a secret.
She's made it very clear.
She wants to be the ambassador to the summer.
Yeah.
I mean, you got to feel for her.
She's only worth $7 million.
$7 million.
Yeah.
If you're ridiculous for what is the whole thing, it's become politicized.
And legalized and turned inside out.
And prostitutes.
Yeah.
It's just not going to be any happy end to it.
Now, I try to fix it.
Good luck to us.
Like I said, it's enough to make me want to get on a plane to leave the goddamn country.
560-560, Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Over on a West Coast, we've been pretty quiet about this, of course,
because they're still trying to figure out what election day has been and what it's coming.
877-785-6345.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm trying to get a hold of you today.
It's been impossible.
I voted for Bush.
But I can only think of one fair way to settle this.
Yeah.
You have to recount the bouts and you have to recount them at every county.
Right.
Absolutely correct.
And at the end of the story, I mean, Bush 1.5, if Bush 1.5.
They're trying to get the edge.
They're trying to get the leg up, if I can say it.
That's the thing is both sides.
You can't just count the Democratic counties.
You can't just count the Republican counties.
And you can't just cut it off just because you're 300 votes ahead when it's convenient for you.
I agree.
I agree.
You can't re-vote because the people will change their votes.
And let's face it, they could do it.
They would stop all the arguing.
The Supreme Court has any brains.
That's probably what they ought to tell them to do.
They could start now within 10 days.
They could have a whole state recatted.
And this time they could recount it with people that are supervising for both parties.
And then so you get one shot at it.
We're not going to argue about this.
So that you have one shot.
You have one last chance to certify your number.
And that's it.
Well, at least it's nice to see that a court supporter and a Bush supporter can agree.
Yeah, because that's what the people want.
And on his answer, these other guys are just looking to get whatever they want.
Yeah, both sides of these high-powered horror attorneys are ridiculous.
That's right.
And the government of them all, and let's recount every counting and saying that.
If I touch anyone, you and I will count them.
That's how good.
Okay.
They care.
Yeah, that guy and I were going to sit down and they take us to Wala.
One for you, one for me.
Are you going to count pregnant chads or the those of the women?
They're counting chads every in Jeremy Clyde.
Or is the chads stewed?
I don't know who they are.
Maybe it's band stewed.
Oh, we're flying.
Yeah, I'm staying out of here, Dan.
I'll let you bring Josh Morrowin.
Yeah, Dan Stewart, whose motto is, let's out your friends.
Oh, man, I just get to really stick it about that creep.
Did he ever pay you back that $50?
I mean, just do it.
No.
That's why I can be sure you'll never see him in here.
Okay, you guys can't all over yourself out there.
Even if he haven't done one in years, I mean, let's do it for you in a second.
Although I will tell you the public's how to canvassing board.
Which would necessitate a change for the new conference right now to read.
The letter that they sent to the Secretary of State of Texas.
The party, so they have sent the letter.
They had a two-card deadline.
They've sent it.
I'm sure Browitz doing the same.
But you don't want to hear that.
It's just another formality.
And we still have to wait here with that bit.
I mean, she says it too.
The Secretary of Bush.
Here is this, sir.
I'm Tonya.
This is going to make you want to barf.
Dallas, Texas.
A Republican candidate for State Office in Governor George W. Bush's home state of Texas has won a hand-reek out of punch card ballots.
Similar to those at the center of the presidential recount battle in Florida official said today.
While Republicans criticize Democrats for seeking manual recounts in Florida.
The losing Republican candidate for the Texas State House Fifth District asked for a recount in the three counties that make up his district.
Of the three East Texas counties, the largest Smith County uses punch card ballots.
The county courts office said vans and upshared counties use paper ballots that voters vote as not for the pen.
Punch card ballots are understood in Florida with an escalator.
But the Texas House District five bill a hollow well as the Secretary of State's office for a recount after losing last week's election of Democratic incumbent Bob Glaze by a margin of 21,496 to 19,046,
a margin of 2,080 votes.
The Texas Secretary of State approved the request on Monday and each county must complete the recount by next Monday said J&D's a spokesperson for the Secretary of State.
How do you like that?
And this is by a margin of 2,080 votes in one congressional district.
We're not talking about in the state where there were more than 6 million votes and a margin will be 300.
So when it's convenient for them, and this is the law that Governor W. signed into law himself in 1997 providing for a hand recounts in the state of Texas.
When it's expedient for them, they love recounts by hand. They love doing it by hand.
Whether it's in Polk County or Seminole County or in Texas or in New Mexico or any place else that it's expedient for them.
But if it's near in Florida where don't look too good for them because they got that swim lead that they're clinging to that they're hanging on too desperately, then all of a sudden, oh we don't want to do that. It's on Constitutionalism on American. We won.
Here's plantation. Hello.
And Neil, can we take a break for the election for a second about talking about a real serious issue?
Why does McDonald serve cost hours in a cup?
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T because you give me a cup of VATIC. That's why, asshole.
Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes, man.
Hi, I have a question. If this were to go and say to Florida with to re-boat, what do you think is going to happen to the people with the outcome of that?
What is going to happen to the people with the outcome of that? What does that mean?
Well, not the way it is going to be or if it was a re-boat, those things that it's going to go for go on, those things at that point.
I don't think there is going to be a re-boat. I don't think there's going to be any re-boat. I think if anything happens, say why it's going to be a hand recount of all 67 counties.
And then, another question. Why don't we get a president from another country who has no, he's not Republican or Democrat, he's coming here and sitting with judges, saying we're, and let him make the decision instead of having all these Republican judges that are making the decision.
Okay, we're going to have 20 blurs on the way. Okay, 20 blurs on the way. And also, thanks to some McQueen from Amsterdam's coming in.
On the Queen, Beatrix, 560, 560, 0560, and these people voted. Just keep that in mind. These people voted a week ago, Tuesday.
Where we going? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I'm a Bishop Order and you know what? Bush is going to win because of Elian. Both 300 votes are the 300 people that were aliened out the night they took the kid.
And also, but that is a good photo. Okay. 1785. That's a game. What did this guy, what does this guy say? Oh, maybe you can hold a band's sword. Now, what was it? They got how much 1785? 1785, we can make 2000. You can almost smell it. Man, it's right on the tip of my tongue. Here's Hank who said that he's going to go up there and give that secretary a bush. What for? You do know about her, don't you? Who in the Jeb?
Yeah, I told you she was in no good. Nick bitch. Yeah. Broward has has sent in its letter. It's letter of justification, right? And Palm Beach, too. They just had those bozos on. And I guess the reason they're saying is that because of the extremely large turn out, they just need more time to tag away. Plus they lost a day from the veteran's holiday on Friday. And they say they'll have everything counted by 5 p.m. on Monday, which is reasonable. What else to rush?
Yeah, we still have a president. Right. All day, the Palm Beach County canvassing board got much better eyeballs than borrowed. Yeah. Yeah, Pearl Roberts. Yeah, I'm telling you, he reached over. I thought he was not going to chat off. He knocked one of his sets of eyeballs right off. It was great. The judge is this is this incredible? I know. I'm Senator told me to have two weeks ago about the secret areas. Your mic is the swing. I mean, I realize it's a crappy mic. That's the best we can do in the world. Yeah. Anyway,
I say senator told me about this. Poso, this of the secret areas. They we had. I mean, the stories on her. Yeah, incredible. Yeah. You can just see our because these people are bringing morality and decency back to your story yesterday about the Jetson, Jebby, the younger son. It's called bang and some chick in the broad. In the brown car, huh? The little brown.
And a shopping center and in Tallahassee, these were people bringing morality. We got the white muckled drunk, who's the candidate for the governor, who's white is the smuggling stuff in the
Columbia. And now we got the kid who's banging his girlfriend, both underrated by the way in a car in the broad daylight and shopping in the center. Was it consensual? Does it make a difference? Sure. Oh, and then we got we got and you can relate to this because then we got George P.
He was told a Cecil who's breaking into his girlfriend, I promised you the window. Yeah. Yeah. He just he just want to get a look. He just wanted to take a peek. Please. I can't stand it. It's mind bottle. It's good for the late night comics. That's about. Yeah. Like I said, bad for America. Good for talk to you. Yes. You're having a good time.
Yeah. Yeah. Not as good as LA on, but it's right there. It makes best thing. Yeah. You were talking earlier about the LA Times. I brought back a comp the LA Times. I'm going to read excerpts of on a year. But the only times it's got such a handle on this because what it talks about is that the bottom line is that George Bush could be as much of a mistake or an accident.
It's Jimmy Carter was in post Nixon. Right. And at they cite, you know, I heard your five reasons and the one reason that they cited as to why a lot of states in the South, particularly Tennessee didn't vote for our goal was people forget.
He was vice president and administration where the president was impeached. Yeah. I still think it's liberal. That cancer is not I think so. It all thinks no. I'll tell you why.
In Tennessee in Louisiana and Kentucky and Arkansas, I'll tell you what he won. Who won? He won the popular vote. You know, we remain couldn't have been that much of a veteran. But I'm talking about the electoral vote. But you know, something. It was made. Absolutely. That's what they say. I mean, you have a 48% vote count for the winner. Yeah, which is the lowest ever. Yeah. And he took 98,000 votes in the state. Yeah. Of which of which let's say 60% of the state.
70,000. What have gone? He goes forward with no mandate whatsoever. Right. None. So you have four wasted years. I don't know if you are in the hall or untraned. Did you heard the story? I just had about the Texas Republican. No. I'm going to give this to you. You'll want to read this too. A Republican candidate for state office in Texas.
Today has won a hand recount of punch card ball of similar to those of the center of the presidential recon battle in Florida. He was trailing. Now this is just in one congressional district, Texas State House 5 District. He was training by 2,080 votes.
And asked for the hand recount, which is Texas law. That's a lot that bush sign three years ago. It'll all miss that Texas. And that's it. And they did the recount. 2,080 votes. Here. W is hit by 300 votes out of 6 million plus.
And they're objecting. Oh, it's unfair. And it's not. You know, why don't they just recount the whole state by hand? We remember it. It's up 1460 votes already. Right. Just on the first. That's why they want to stop now. They're ahead. You know, it's like saying at the end of the third quarter, let's stop the game now. We're ahead because we know we're sliding bad and the fourth quarter comes with a blade brain. It brings not.
But here, take this. Because as you jack and had it right. Yeah, stay out of the bush. Out of the bush. Okay. You'll be on. Keep your eye. The secretary of. I'm on duty. I'm on. I'm on. I'm on. The secretary of Bush will be on there with her. Al tomato 152 at 560 WQM. But Neil Roger show sports radio. 560. He wants to sing God bless America and paste these in the G string up here. I'll do it.
I won't have this morning. We love feeling of the same. I must want my food. But my food. Well, well, my cat.
I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got. I got
I got.
She was a boy, she was a kid, she was a kid, she was a guy, she was a girl.
If you have a school teacher, that you would share a friend.
Never let someone go, or she might fall into room.
Well, well, well, my captain, there's a weather.
Old person, school teacher, kid, she was a guy, she was a girl.
157 at 560, WDQM.
All of us are at 2 o'clock deadlines and you're a small attention.
